2692
3H :0<5)Pait®6SiaMA«, GLOBE.
Jane 4,
LpEinditurcs, which would-be about the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1843- The committee therefore reporta bill
for the sum of #1,196 87, with interest m six per
cent. There are several other itsjna in Purser
Crosby's suspended account which the committee
have reason tqr think were.just, but, as there is no
proof to sustain them, they are compelled to
ject-them. .
-The bill was reported to -the. Senate without
amendment, ordered to he engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time,'and jpassed.
LAND CLAIMS IN LOUISIANA.
The bill (S. No. 410) to. confirm certain land
claims in the Florida parishes of Louisiana, to
the city of New Orleans, was announced as next
in order.
•By this bill the city of New Orleans is to be
^confirmed in its title to the one undivided one half
part of several tracts of land following: First,
nineteen thousand arpents of land sold to Don
liouis de Clonefand Don Alexander d^Clonet by
Don Juan Ventura Morales, Governor General of
IjoaisMha'and West Florida, on the 15th and 16th
days of "November, 1803; second, one hundred and
twenty-thousand arpents of land sold, to Don Jer-
oni/mola Ghiapellaby Don Juan Ventura Morales,
GovernorGeneral of Louisiana and WestFlorida,
on the5th and 7 th of October, 1803;third, thirteen
thousand three hundred and thirty-three arpents
of land, being the one third part of a tract of forty
thousand acres of land, sold to Don Juan Delapize
■ by Don Juan Ventura Morales, GovernorGeneral
of Louisiana and West Florida, on the 16th of
May, 1804; fourth, twenty-one hundred acres of
land described in the acknowledgment made in
•favor of Philip Robinson by Don Thomas Este-
van, commandant at the portof Galveston, on the
20th of January, 1804;and fifth, fourteen hundred
and twenty acres of land, being the unconfirmed
■remainder of a tract of twenty-seven hundred
acres-of land granted by Don Thomas Estevan,
then-commandant of the Amite district, to John
•McDonough and Sheppard Brown, on the 5th of
'March, l&QS.
Joseph Reynes is also to be confirmed in his
title-to-a'certain tract of land in the parish of East
-Feliciana, andState of Louisiana, containing about
- forty thousand arpents; which tract was sold to
-his lkte father, Joseph Reynes, senior, on his ap-
plication, dated the 19th of November, 1-803, and
which sale was confirmed by Don Juan Ventura
' Morales, Governor of Louisiana and West Flor-
ida, on the 31st of December, 1803.
■ John Johnston, and Harriet Johnston, now
widow Marshall, sole heirs of James Johnston,
deceased, are also to be confirmed in their title to
a tract of thirty-five thousand arpents of land, ly-
ing in the Florida parishes of L-Ouisiana, on the
waters of Thompson's creek, or Feliciana river,
and the Comite, immediately south of the thirty-
first parallel of north latitude; the tract being the
same which was sold to Don Manuel Langos by
D'on Ju'an Ventura Morales, Governor of Louis-
Sawa-and West Florida, on the 2d of January, 1804.
•The heirs,-assigns, and legal representatives of
Cristoval de Armas, and his son, Miguel de Ar-
mas, are also to be confirmed in their title to twenty
thousand arpenls of land, situated in the Florida
parishes of Louisiana, sold to them by Don Ven-
tura Morales, Governor of West Florida and
^Louisiana, by deed, dated at Pensacola on the
:28d October, 1806.
And it is to be made the duty of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to cause to be
'surveyed, under instructionsto be issued by him,
■these'several tracts of land, and to issue patents
for them in favor of the -several parties respect-
ively confirmed; but if any of the lands are owned
or possessed.by third persons, claiming or deriv-
ing titlefrom theGovernmentoftheUnited States,
. then the lands so owned or possessed by such
third persons are not to be included in these con-
firmations, but in lieu thereof the parties entitled
to confirmation are to receive from the Commis-
sioner land warrants authorizing them to locate
and enter, in legal divisions or subdivisions, any
other land of the United States that may be sub-
ject to entry at $1 25 per acre, which land war-
rants shall be assignable in the same manner and
■according to the same rules and regulations as are
•pow applicable to military bounty land warrants.
JVJp. KING, Is there a report in this case ? Let
us hear'it.'
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state that the report
is nearly thirty pages long. If the Senator would
like information, and will permit me, I will give
it as succinctly as I .can, and in a much shorter
time than the reading of the report will occupy.
Mr. KING. I should like to know whether
portions of the land are not settled, so that one
of the objects of the bill is to get land scrip?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not at all. This whole
section'of Louisiana has remained almost unset-
tled, by reason of the difficulty of these titles.
There may be some settlements, here and there,
where the Government has sold parts of it. It is
not proposed to disturb the settlers there, but to
enter the same quantity elsewhere in the State.'
Mr. KING. If most of this land was settled,
•I should prefer to leave it to the parties to litigate
their claims.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is very little of it
settled. That whole district of Louisiana has re-
mained unsettled in consequence of these titles
being in an incomplete condition. If the Senator
would like to hear the case, I will state the facts.
Mr. KING. I will hear the Senator.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to hear the Senator
from Louisiana explain the last provision of the
bill, giving unlimited authority to locate land war-
rants. I am willing to confirm the land claim if
it be just; but I do not like to give this privilege.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall be compelled to tres-
pass on the attention of the Senate for a few mo- j
ments. This is a subject of great interest to the
people of Louisiana, and has remained unsettled
now for nearly fifty years. At the time of the acqui-
sition of Louisiana from Prance, there was a dis-
pute as to the eastern boundary of Louisiana. The
United States claimed under the title from France
that Louisiana extended eastward to the Perdida
river, occupying a great deal of what is now the
southern part of the State of Alabama. Spain
contended that, on the contrary, all lying east of
the Mississippi river and the island of New Or-
leans formed a portion of the province of West
Florida, belonging to Spain. That title between
the United States and Spain remained in litigation
for some sixteen years. It remained in actual
possession of Spain. It remained so, with the
acquiescence of the United States, until the year j
1810 
Mr. KING. The Senator will excuse me. I
dislike to do so; but I think this bill had better
go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
lie over, under the rule.
Mr. BENJAMIN afterwards said: A bill was
a short time ago objected to by the Senator from
Ohio, who joined with the Senatorfrom NewYork
in his objection to the bill to confirm certain land
titles in Louisiana. The Senator from Ohio has
examined the matter, and js willing to withdraw
his objection. It is the bill (S. No. 410) to confirm
certain land claims in the Florida parishes of
Louisiana to the city of New Orleans and others.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report accom-
panying it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The bill has been read
three times, and it has been examined by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, who made the objection.
Mr. IVERSON. It is suggested by a Senator
near me that it confirms a title to the extent of
five hundred and fifty thousand acres of land.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It does.
Mr. HUNTER. It is a large claim. I never
heard of it before.
Mr. PUGH. The report is as large as the
claim.. It is very long.
Mr. CLAY. If it is not to be read, I shall
have to object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill must
be passed over.
EBENEZER RICKER.
The bill (S. No. 411) for the relief of Ebenezer
Ricker was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Ebenezer Ricker, late a corporal in
the Army of the United States, on the invalid
pension list of the United States at the rate of
eight dollars per month, commencing on the 4th
of March, 1856, and to continue during his nat-
ural life, on account of a wound received in the
military service of the United States.
He enlisted as a private in the Army of the
United States, and was attached to company A,
second regiment United States dragoons, com-
manded by Captain G. A. H. Blake- On the 16th
of October, 1839, he was made a corporal. In
the month of May, 1840, he was put in charge of
the guard, guarding the baggage train passing
along St. John's river, in Florida. While in
service in the line of his duty, he had occasion
to take his carbine from its resting place in the
saddle, when it was accidentally discharged, and
the ball passed through his left wrist. The con-
sequences of this wound were a permanent disa-
bility, and it has totally disqualified him from
procuring his subsistence by .manual labor.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
IOWA SETTLERS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 322) for the
relief of purchasers of public lands within the
timber reserve opposite Fort Kearny, and for
the settlers within the Winnebago agency reser-
vation, the Fort Atkinson reservation, and the
timber reserve opposite Fort Crawford, all in the
State of Iowa.
By this act all entries heretofore made at Coun-
cil Bluffs, in the State of Iowa, byj>reemptidn
or otherwise, of lands situated within the timber
reserve opposite Fort Kearny, in township num-
ber sixty-eight north, of ranges forty-three and
forty-four west, are confirmed, and patents are to
be issued thereon. By the second section the
privileges of the preemption act of the 4th of Sep-
tember, 1841, are extended to all bona fide actual
settlers, who, prior to and at the passage of this
act, have made actual settlements upon the lands
heretofore reserved (and which remain undisposed
of) for the Winnebago agency,in township nine-
ty-six north, of range nine west; upon lands within
the military reservation at Fort Atkinson, in the
same township and range; and upon lands within
the timber reserve opposite Fort Crawford, in
township ninety-five north, of ranges three and
four west—all in the State of Iowa; but within
three months from the first newspaper publica-
tion of this act in the land district in which the
lands are located, the settler is to file a declara-
tory statement with the register, showing the de-
scription of the land claimed by him, and to iile
proof showing his right under this act, and make
payment at the rate of $1 25 per acre for the same,
within twelve months.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill, with an amendment in lines nine, ten, and
eleven, in the second section, to strike out the
words, "and upon lands within the timber re-
serve opposite FortCrawford, in township ninety-
five north, of langes three and four west."
From their report it appears that the timber
reservation opposite Fort Kearny had been long
abandoned by the War Department, and its ex-
istence, as a reserve, apparently forgotten. It was
surveyed, brought into market, and sold as other
public lands. The issuing of patents seems to
have been suspended because these lands had not
been formally transferred by the War Department
; to the Department of the Interior. The Fort
! Atkinson and Mission reservations, and timber
! reservations opposite Fort Crawford, were aban-
I doned by the War Department many years since,
' and were settled on and improved by settlers as
j other public land. In 1854 the buildings at Fort
1 Atkinson were sold to Catharine Newmgton,
I \vho, by a subsequent special law of Congress,
j was allowed to purchase one section, on which
| the buildings were situated, as a preemptor, at
! $1 25 per acre. The Secretary of War, after an
examination of the subject, by special agent on
; the grounds, in the year 1857, ordered the sale of
! that part of the timber reservation opposite Fort
; Crawford, in the possession and occupancy of
t actual settlers, not exceeding one hundred and
! sixty acres to each, at §1 25 per acre to the sei-
| tiers; which sale has been made. The committee,
| therefore, as at present informed, see*no sufficient
; reason for special legislation in relation to this
, reservation, but recommend the application of the
■ same principle, in the sale of the Fou Atkinson
s and Winnebago reservation, as was applied in
! the sale of-the timber reservation opposite Fort
> Crawford.
The amendment was agreed to.
