582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
tial matters, will not be brought before the House.
If he does not, the committee will be ready to
report to the House for such action as the House
may think proper to take. With a view to enable
us to see what his answer will be, and to appre-
ciate properly the claim of the witness to exemp-
tion from responding to the call of the House, I
move that the further consideration of this subject
be postponed until to-morrow, and that the an-
swer of the witness be printed. And in the mean
time I will say to the House that the committee
will assemble and have the witness brought be-
fore them and interrogatories propounded to him,
and we will know then whether there is anything
in the witness's claim of exemption.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to have the first part
of the answer of the witness read, in which he
speaks of being in the custody of the sheriff of
New York. 1 want to know by what process he
was held in custody by the sheriff i
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman will find that
he does not state by what process he was held.
I submit the motion that the further consideration
of the subject be postponed until one o'clock to-
morrow, and that the answers of the witness be
printed; and on that motion I ask the previous
question.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw his motion for the previous ques-
tion for a moment or so? I want to make a sug-
gestion to him in reference to the proposition he
has submitted, which I think is due to the dig-
nity of the House that the House shall consider
before adopting the course proposed by him.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw it to hear the
gentleman's suggestion.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, those who
listened attentively to the replies of the witness
will observe that he has not even sought to purge
himself of the contempt for refusing to obey the
summons of the House.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will modify my motion by adding to it that
the witness be recommitted to the custody of the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. MILLSON. That modification will, in a
great degree, remove the objection which I had to
the original motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
I want to call the attention of the House to the
fact that the witnessdistinctly takes issue with the
House. The witness has come here to defy the
authority of the House. It is not now a question
between the witness and the committee, but one
between the witness and the power of this House
to compel the attendance of persons whose tes-
timony may be wanted in the prosecution of any
investigation before a committee having power to
send for persons and papers. Now, sir, the House
will see that it owes it to its own dignity first to
settle this question, before the witness shall be
allowed to appear before the committee and give
testimony in reply to questions that may be pro-
pounded to him. He tells us that unless he had
been compelled to appear here*, unless he had been
dragged from his bed by order of the House, he
never would have voluntarily appeared. He tells
us that it was his purpose to invoke the decision
of the courts of law for the purpose of ascertain-
ing the extent of the constitutional power of this
House. Then, sir, he stands in the attitude of
contumacy before the House. In his answer it is
declared that he intended to test the question be-
fore one of the courts of New York.
Now, I do not mean to say that this is a priv-
ilege winch the witness may not exercise. He
has a right to invoke the decision of the courts of
law; and, as he has invited this controversy with
the House, it is due to him, as well as to the
House, that he should be indulged in the oppor-
tunity of invoking the decision of the courts of
the United States in this District. Sir, I do not
mean to come to any premature conclusion as to
the extent of the authority of the House. It may
be that, upon a full investigation of this subject,
X-may conclude, too, that this House had no au-
thority to compel the attendance of the witness
here. Butwc have summoned him here; we have
" dragged'' him here; and it will not do for the
House now to evade the issue thus made up. It
is due to ourselves that, before this person is ex-
amined as a witness before the committee, itshould
be ascertained in what aspcct he presents himself,
in what attitude he stands before the House. To
allow him to be examined before the committee ;
is to relieve him of the penalty that he may have
incurred.
I then suggest, sir, to the gentleman from Ohio,
that before this person shall be brought before the
committee to give testimony, the House shall de-
liberately determine as to the extent of its own
power, and inquire whether he does not owe an
atonement to the House, which must first be ex-
acted before his testimony can be received.
Mr. STANTON. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Virginia what, it occurs to my mind, is
the proper course for us to pursue when the an-
swers shall have been printed and the House shall
have had an opportunity to see them. It certainly
never occurred to me that the taking of the wit-
ness before the committee, and propounding ques-
tions to him, whether answered or not, would dis-
charge him from the contempt of the House. But
my idea is this: thatwhen the witness shall be pre-
sented here, upon a refusal to answer or having
answered, this House shall, by its resolution,
transmit him to the criminal courts which have
jurisdiction of his case for violating the statute
which requires him to obey the subpena of this
House.
That is my idea of what the committee will
probably recommend if the witness shall refuse
to answer questions; that the House shall send
him to the district attorney for the District of Co-
lumbia, or for the southern district of New York,
to be dealt with for a violation of the criminal
statute of the country in refusing obedience to the
subpena of the House, and that we shall not
bother with him here about a little question.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Virginia
to give me the privilege of submitting a resolution
winch, I think, will meet his views. I ask that it
may he read.
Mr. MILLSON. I have no objection to hear-
ing it read.
The resolution was read,as follows:
Whereas, J. D. Williamson has foiled satisfactorily to
answer questions put to him by oider of the House, aiul
has riot purged himself of the contempt charged:
Resolved, That h.inl J. I). Williamson be continued in
close custody by tho S<n£eant-<tr-Ann--, until di.^chanrod by
the lurthei oider of tho ilotw-, to be taken when bo shall
have piuged him-clf of the contempt chaiged, by testifying
betoie said committee.
Mr. MILLSON. I did not give way to the
gentleman from Ohio to offer that resolution, but
merely to hear u read.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I ask the gen-
tleman to allow me to have read a substitute for
the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cox.] I will remark that I am a member of the
select committee.
Mr. MILLSON. I will hear the gentleman's
resolution read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas, the answei of J. 1). Williamson, m answer to
the questions of the Uou-ejot Uepiesenr.iuvesieluuvo to his
disobediem-e o! a .summons <>t iin< Hou^e a-i a wanes'-, and
Iih willingness to answer tho questions of the committoe
which may be piopounded to him, being ninuffieient and
quibbling, and theicloie diMe;?peetful and impertinent: It is
thereupon
Ordered, By this House, that -<ud J I). Williamson he
committed to'the eommon jail of tJu< DMiict, without tmjl
or mam pu/.e, until htj answer all legal questions propounded
to hun.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man permit me to read a proposition which I de-
sire to offer ?
The proposition was read, as follows:
Ordei ed, That the Speaker do repnmand J. I). William-
son for Ins eouluin<u-\, and that the t>.ud .J. I>. Williamson
do pay the cost* of this attachment; nnd I hat the Scigeam-
at-Arms do pioduco bun below the said select committee at
such time as it mayiequne him, and answei such ques-
tions a.s they may propound to him.
Mr. MILLSON. I have now heard all the
various suggestions and propositions submitted
by gentlemen; and I take the opportunity to say
that none of them exactly meets my concurrence.
Before I proceed, however, to consider the merits
of these propositions, I desire to reply to a sug-
gestion made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton.] The gentleman says that the witness
will not be relieved from the penalties incurred
for his contempt in refusing to obey the process
of the House, by going before the committee and
being examined. He says that if he is brought
before the committee and shall then refuse to an-
swer the questions propounded, a report of his
contempt will then be made, and the House may
then take such order as may be proper. Now. I
suggest to the gentleman from Ohio that there is
an account now to be settled with the House hy
this witness. It maybe that another opportunity
will be afforded the House to consider the ques-
tion of the propriety of punishing for contempt
in refusing to answer. But there is, at this mo-
ment, an unsettled account with the House in the
refusal to appear.
We must first consider whether we have au-
thority to compel the attendance of a witness; and
when the witness is in contumacy in refusing to
appear, it is due to the House, before it gives him
another opportunity of practicing a contempt of
its authority, to have the preliminary question set-
tled. The mandate of the House will fall into con-
tempt, if, when we require the attendance of a
witness, he shall deliberately, on the advice of
counsel,refuse to make his appearance here,and
then, when compelled to come by the service of
an attachment, say thathe never would have come
of his own free will, and that he came only be-
cause he was dragged here. If we permit that,
sir, our authority will fall into as much contempt
as that of ancient Dogberry, when he charged ins
subordinates to arrest all disorderly persons, and
when asked what they should do if they resisted,
advised them to let them go, and thank God that
they had got rid of the rogues.
Let us determine this preliminary question.
And on this point I will observe that I do not like
any of the propositions suggested by the three gen-
tlemen who have submitted them to the House.
I do not think we ought at this time to come to
any conclusion as to the extent of our authority.
I think the witness ought to be remanded to the
custody of the Sergeant-at- Arms, and that then the
select committee charged with the subject should
report'to us their views of the powerof the House
and their opinion as to what ought to be done to
vindicate its authority.
Mr. COX, Permit me to say one word in ex-
planation of my substitute.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I wish to have the oii-
ginal resolution and the amendments renoi ted by
the Clerk.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair has entertained
no proposition except that made by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.]
Mr. BURROUGHS. I understood thatamend-
ments were offered to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not entf-rt.un
them. They were merely reported for information.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I move my prop-
osition as a substitute for that of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.]
Mr. BURROUGHS. Iam not in favor of adopt-
ing any resolution to send this subject as a matter
of inquiry to any committee of the House, cither
to determine the power of the House, or to de-
cide any question relating to this subject of con-
tempt. This doctrine, that the Legislature of a
State, or that either House of Congress of the
United States, has the right to demand the attend-
ance of any citizen, and to examine him as a wit-
ness, did not originate m America. It is as old
as the existence of the Parliament of England.
I understand the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] to be, that this man be
sent back, and to make a report of his case to the
district court for the southern district of the Stale
of New York. Now let us see what dilemma we
would then be in. We have here before us a
question to investigate certain grave frauds and
wrongs and villainies alleged to have been com-
mitted during the last Congress by certain gentle-
men. Now, when we have got before us a man
hi ought up by the proper officer as a witness, the
gentleman from Ohio proposes the very ingenious
method of sending him back to the State of New
York, that his offense may be there investigated,
while he stands before us in utter defiance of our
authority; in defiance of the parliamentary law
of the country; in defiance of the parliamentary
law of every country that ever had a parliament,
or a properly constituted government. And we
remain here with our Sands tied, unable to pro-
duce the facts on which this investigation is to
proceed.
Another thing. The gentleman from Ohio saya
that this man may possibly be under some hon-
orable obligation as to matters which he dare not
or may not disclose. It is not the first time, sir,
that thieves have felt themselves under honorable
obligations. It is not the first time that rascals
and Villains have claimed that their confidence was
