1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1669
to what it ought to be, a Government of law—if
you want to preserve the expenditures where the
Constitution intended they should be preserved,
to appropriations—you must repeal that section
of the act of 1820. Until you repeal that, the3e
abuses will exist; they will increase; and these
deficiency bills will come upon us year after year,
and increasing, until they will reach to such an
excess that the very necessities of the Treasury
will compel us cither to repeal the law, or to re-
pudiate the public faith. It is because I would
avoid such a result as that, that I hope this sec-
tion will be stricken out.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Georgia,
I understand, desires an executive session.
Mr. STUART. I withdraw the motion.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, the' Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time engaged therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlpril 19, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. G. D. Cummins, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and ap-
proved.
STENOGRAPHER TO A COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] to suspend the
rules, to enable him to report the following reso-
lution from the select committee:
Resolved, That tho committee appointed to investigate
the facts and circumstances connected with the pale and
purchase of pioperty at Willnns's Point, New York, by the
Government, for foiuficafion pui poses, m the year 18j~, be
authorized to employ a stenogiapher, at the usual compen-
sation.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire how
the committee have been getting along so far with-
out a stenographer? They have been in session
for some time.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it be in
order to substitute the word "pay" for " em-
ploy ?" 1 suppose they have employed a stenog-
lapber long ago.
Mr. LETCHER. That is what I want to
know.
The SPEAKER.. The resolution is not before,
the House yet. The motion is to suspend the
rules, to enable the gentleman to offer the resolu-
tion. Does the gentleman propose to submit the
sesohi'Jon as a report from the committee?
Mr. FLORENCE. I was directed by the com-
mittee to submit it. I will say, if the House will
permit me, to the gentleman from Virginia and
the gentleman from Tennessee, who Inue inter-
rogated the Chair, that it is impossible for the com-
mittee to discharge its duties unless this resolution
shall be passed. I will say further, to be candid,
fiank, and honest—.—.
The SPEAKER. Tlie gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asks leave to make an explanation of
the resolution. Is there any objection ?
Mr. LETCHER. I hope that the House will
hear the .gentleman.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORGAN. Have the committee a clerk
now ?
Mr. FLORENCE. They have the services
of a phonographic reporter; and I think that the
gentleman from New York, and all others, will
agree with me that they have no right to his ser-
vices or that of anybody else, without compensa-
tion. I do not suppose that any gentleman will
stand up here and say that we ought to have the
services of a person without paying for them.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
asks me whether we have not a reporter. _ We
have a gentleman who is performing theduties of
a reporter. The labors of the committee have
been more extensive than we had any reason to
suppose they would be. The testimony is volu-
minous in hj eliaiacter, and cannot be reduced to
writing without the assistance of a reporter. I
am directed by the committee to offer that reso-
lution. I ask that it may be adopted, in order
that the committee may be enabled to discharge
the duties imposed upon it.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania and his committee have
undertaken to employ a reporter on their own
hook, and now come here and ask us to foot the
bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh no 1 that is a mistake.
The gentleman from Virginia is generally right,
but he is wrong this time. They did no such
thing.
Mr. STANTON. The committee which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania represents on this
occasion, happened to occupy the same room with
the tariff investigating committee, and it availed
itself of the services of the stenographer, or pho-
nographer, (or whatever he is called,) of the latter
committee, in anticipation that the House would
compensate those services. I know thatno com-
mittee which takes voluminous testimony can
transact its business without such a reporter; and
I take it that the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Burnett,] chairman of the Fort Snelling com-
mittee, and those who are and have been on com-
mittees compelled to take oral testimony, will ac-
knowledge. that a reporter is an absolute necessity
for those committees.
Mr. FLOPJ3NCE. This is not a clerk to be
paid a per diem, but a phonographic reporter, to
be paid a reasonable price per folio. We desire
that the testimony which we have heard may bo
written out verbatim; and it is for that reason that
we ask the compensation of a reporter. T imagine
the amount paid for those services will be very
inconsiderable, compared with their value. We
do not want a clerk, and this resolution does not
ask for a clerk, but for a stenographer, to take
down testimony as it is uttered; and I trust sin-
cerely that the House will adopt the resolution
without objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe that this
resolution authorizes the committee to employ a
reporter at the usual compensation. Now, for
my own information, and the information of the
House, I would like to know what that usual
compensation is. All similar resolutions this ses-
sion have provided for the payment of the usual
compensation. What is it?
Mr. FLORENCE, I cannot answer that ques-
tion. There is a fixed rate of compensation. It
is very small, I know, compared with the value
of the services rendered.
Mi. STANTON. It is governed by the pay to
the Globe reporters.
Mr. SEWARD. I oppose this resolution, first,
for the reason that I think there is no necessity
for a clerk, and next, because it is a waste of time
to pass it, as the House, the other day, insisted
that resolutions of this sort had no obligatory
force upon the House itself. A large number of
members decided against allowing this kind of
compensation. They decided, in effect, that such
resolutions were not honorably binding upon the
House. I want to test the sincerity of gentlemen,
and see whether they will vote for this resolution
under the circumstances.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
98, noes 27.
Mr. SEWARD demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, the main
question ordered to be put, and, under the opera-
tion thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FKOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the following
bills:
An act (S. No. 41) to provide for the location
of certain continued private land claims in the
State of Alissouri, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. SO) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Oliver Landry, of the
State of Louisiana;
An act (S. No. 131) for the relief of Samuel V.
N'llss *
An act (S. No. 132) for the relief of Edward D.
Reynolds;
An act (S. No. 134) for the relief of the legal
representatives of J. E. Martin;
An act (S. No. 140) for the relief of George W.
Lippett;
An act (S. No. 142) for the relief of Hannah
Stroop, widow of John Stroop, deceased;
An act (S. No. 159) for the relief of Commander
Thomas J. Page, United States Navy;
An act (S. No. 163) for the relief of Mrs. Eliza
A. Merchant, widow of the late Lieutenant and
Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant, of the Uni-
ted States Army;
An act (S. No. 1G4) to provide for the settle-
ment of the accounts of the late Captain John W.
McCrabb;
An act (S. No. 166) for the relief of Eleazer
Williams;
An act (S. No. 171) for the relief of Otway H.
Berryman;
An act (S. No. 177) to confirm to William Mar-
vin title to lands in East Florida;
An act (S. No. 183) for the relief of CharnerT.
Scaif, administrator of Gilbert Stalker;
An act (S. No. 184) for the relief of JohnRobb;
An act (S. No. 188) for the relief of Edward N.
Kent;
An act (S. No. 190) for the confirmation of a
certain land claim in favor ®f Pierre Grignon, or
his legal representatives;
An act (S. No. 193) authorizing the issuing of
certain bounty land warrants to the legal repre-
sentatives of deceased persons entitled thereto;
An act (S. No. 195) for the relief of Ashton S.
H. White;
An act (S. No. 199) for the relief of Livingston,
Kinkead,and Company;
An act (S. No. 221) for the relief of Richard
W. Meade;
An act (S. No. 226) for the relief of Mrs. Harriet
0. R.ead, executrix of the late Brevet Colonel A. C.
W. Fanning, of the United States Army;
An act (S. No. 240) for the relief of Noah Smith,
late a private in the Army of the United States;
An act (S. No. 242) for the relief of John Brest,
a soldier in the war of 1812;
An act (S. No. 249) to release to the Milwau-
kie and Mississippi Railroad Company the inter-
est of the United States to a certain parcel of land;
An act (S. No. 253) for the relief of F. M. Gun-
nell, passed assistant, surgeon in the Navy;
An act (S. No. 256) further explanatory of an
act approved August 18, 1856, entitled " An act
for the relief of Adam D. Stewart and of Alexan-
i der Randall, executor of Daniel Randall;
| An act (S. No. 261) for the relief of Michael
; Nash, of the District of Columbia;
j An act (S. No. 262) for the relief of the heirs
; or legal representatives of Richard D. Rowland,
' deceased, and others;
An act (S. No. 264) confirming to Alexander
Copeland title to four hundred and eighty acres
of land in Sonoma county, California; and
An act (S. No. 270) for the relief of T. Hart
Hyatt;
In which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
Also, that the Senate have passed, without
amendment, bills of the House of the following
titles:
A bill (No. 208) for the relief of the heirs of
Alexander Stevenson;
A bill (No. 212) for the relief of N. C. Weems,
of Louisiana; and
A bill (No. 113) for the relief of Francis Wlo-
decki.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled:
An act (H. R. No. 212) for the relief of N. C.
Weems, of Louisiana;
An act (II. II. No. 213) for the relief of Francis
Wlodecki;
An act (H. R. No. 208) for the relief of the
heirs of Alexander Stevenson; and
An act for the relief of Major Jeremiah Y.
Dashicll, paymaster in the United States Army;
when the Speaker signed the same.
