1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
ZOW
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read:
A bili for the relief of purchasers of public lands
within the timber reserve opposite Fort Kearny,
and for the settlers within the Winnebago Agcncy
reservation and the Fort Atkinson reservation,
all in the State of Iowa.
WILLIS A. GORMAN.
The bill (S. No. 417) for the relief of Willis A.
Gorman, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that there be paid to Willis A. Gor-
man, as Governor of Minnesota Territory, the
sum of $820, as compensation for his services as
commissioner to investigate the alleged frauds of
Alexander R.amsey, late superintendent of Indian
affairs fur the northern supenntendency, and for
reimbursement of his necessary expenses incurred
therein.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, lead the third time, and passed.
HENRY G. CARSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 244) for the lehef of Floury G. Carson.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Henry G. Caison, administrator, with the will
annexed, of Curtis Grubb, deceased, surviving
partner of the firm of Curtis and Peter Grubi-),
the amount of a certain fiiYal settlement certificate
numbered two hundred and sixty-five, letter N,
dated January 5,1784, issued by Benjamin Stelle,
commissioner for settling debts of the United
States m the State of Pennsylvania, to Curtis and
Peter Grubb, on account of cannons, shot, and
shells, furnished during the revolutionary war,
now certified bv the Register of the Treasury to
be still outstanding and unpaid.
Mr. POLK. Tl:e Court of Claims have re-
ported adversely on that case. The committee
cclncurin the ad verse report of the Court of Claims,
and ask to he discharged.
Mr. STUART. Then I move the indefinite
postponement of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR. APPROPRIATION BILL.
A messp.ge from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen-, its Clerk, announced that the
House had cop/uned m the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (II. II. No. 6) making appro-
priations for the consular and diploma-ticexpenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1859.
SUSANNAH REDMAN.
The bill (H Ii. No. 335) for the relief of Su-
sannah Redman, widow of Lloyd Redman, was
considered us in Committee of the Whole.
it authorizes the Secretory of War to pay to
Susannah Redman, widow of Lloyd Redman,
formerly of CaptainCiav's company of Kentucky
volunteers, &] 705 being the amount adjudged as <
due to Lloyd Redman for three horses lost by him
while in the service of the United States duiing
the Mexican war.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a tnird reading, lead the third time, and passed.
GEORGE W. BISCOE.
The bill (H. R. No. 203) for the relief of
George \V. iiiscoe, was considered as m Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It provides that the proper accounting officers
of the Tieasury shall audit the claim of George
W. Biscoe to indemnification under the first ar-
ticle of the treaty of Ghent, for the loss of the
schooner Speedwell, captured in the Pstuxent
nver bv the British naval forces on the 22d Au-
gust , 1814, and which was in the waters and
v/nhin the territoiial jurisdiction of the United
States on the 17th day'ut February, 1815, the day
of the exchange of the ratifications of the treaty
of Ghent, and wan carried away out of the waters
and tern tonal juiisdiotion of the United States,
in violation of'the first article of the treaty; and
that the officers shall ascertain the value of the
schooner Speedwell, from such proof as may be
exhibited fo them, within six months from the
date of tlus act, and that the amount so ascer-
tained shall be paid, not exceeding the sum of two
thousand dollars.
The bill was reported to the Senate-without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOHN B. MONTGOMERY.
The bill (S. No. 418) for the relief of Captain
John B. Montgomery was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury Department to allow to Captain John
E. Montgomery, of the United States Navy, in
the settlement of his accounts, the sum of $91 85,
being for public money intrusted to him for re-
cruiting purposes, and lost by the failure of the
Phoenix Bank in Charlestown, Massachusetts.
In 1841 Captain Montgomery was ordered to
take charge of the recruiting service at Boston.
This service involved the disbursement of public
money, which was placed in his hands for that
purpose. This money he, in common with other
disbursing officers in that vicinity, kept on de-
posit in the Phoenix Bank, then regarded as a
safe and reliable bank, equally by the public of-
ficers and the mercantile community. In October,
1842, the bank suddenly failed, at which time
Captain Montgomery's deposits amounted to
$687 95, as appears from the official statement of
the receivers of the bank assets. Of this sum
$596 10 have since been paid in dividends out of
the assets of the bank, and Captain Montgomery
now asks that the balance of $91 85 may be passed
to his credit on the books of the Treasury. Acts
of Congress have been passed for the relief of
Pursers Wilson and Taylor, whose funds were
deposited in the same institution and lost at the
same time. •
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHEROKEE INDIANS.
The jointresolution (S. No. 46) authorizing the
payment of certain moneys to certain Cherokee
Indians remaining east of the Rocky Mountains,
was announced as next in order.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to as-
certain the amount, if any, of the Cherokee ap-
propriation of June 12, 1838, iliat was carried to
thesuiplusfund June 30,1847-48; and the amount
so ascertained is hereby reappropnated for reim-
bursement of the appropriation, and as much
thereof applied as may be necessary to set apart
m the Treasury a sum equal to $53 33 to each
individual Cherokee Indian, or descendant of
Cherokee blood, that remained in the States east
at the time of the ratification of the treaty of New
Echota,May 23,1836, and who has not removed
west of the Mississippi, or received the commu-
tation for removal and subsistence; whcieupon
the Secretary of the Treasury is to cause to be
paid to every such individual Cherokee now living
east of the Mississippi the same amount, respect-
ively, as provided for by the act of July 27,1848,
for the North Carolina Cherokees.
Mr. IVERSON. The committee was dis-
charged from the consideration of that resolution.
It is an adverse icport.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) The Senate has to act on it. What mo-
tion does the Senator make?
Mr. IVERSON. I move to postpone it indef-
initely.
The motion was agreed to.
CHEROKEE TREATIES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 201) to exccute the treaties of 1817 and 1819
with the Cherokees, by making provision for the
reservations under the same.
It sets forth that whereas a reversion in fee
simple, reserving to the widow her dower, was
granted to the children of heads of families taking
reservations under the eighth article of the treaty
of 1817 with the Cherokees, and under the second
article of the treaty of 1819 with the Cherokees,
which levcrsion in fee simple and reservation of
dower could not be affected by any act or omis-
sion of the tenants of the life estate in such reser-
vations; and that many of these reservations are
now hold, under the laws of the States where they
are situated, or otherwise, by titles or permission
adverse to the just rights of the children and
widows of such heads of families, the President
of the United States is therefore required to ap-
point, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, two suitable commissioners', whose duty
it shall be td appraise the full and fair value of
the reversion in fee simple of the children, and of
the reserved dower of the widows, of the heads
of families, where such reservations may now be
held by adverse titles; but no appraisementis to
be made of such reversions in fee simple, or of
reserved rights of dower, which may have been
heretofore paid «for by the United States. The
commissioners, after making the appraisement,
arfe to report the same to the Secretary of the
Treasury, whose duty it shall be to pay the same
—the children or widows, orlegalcepresentatives,
first filing in the office of the Secretary full releases
to the United States of their titles respectively.
Mr. HAMLIN. The committee have also been
discharged from the consideration of that.
Mr. FOOT. I move the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
M'ATEE AND EASTHAM.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. C. C. No.
65) for the relief of Benjamin L. McAtee and J.
N. Eastham, of Louisville, Kentucky.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Benjamin L. McAtee and J. N. Eastham the
sum of $6,000, in full, for transporting extra mail
matter over routes Nos. 3960 and 4169, between
the 1st day of July, 1846, and the 30th day of
Juno, 1850.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SIMEON STEDMAN.
The bill (H. R. No. 334) for the relief of Sim-
eon StcdtYidn, was considered as m Committee
of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of War to instruct the
proper disbursing officer to pay to Simeon Sted-
man, who served in Captain Christopher Ripley's
company of the thirty-seventh infantry, during
the war with Great Britain, in 1812, such sum or
sums as may have accrued to him from the time
of his last receiving payment for services till the
end of the war.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
RICHARD li. ALEXANDER.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 332) for
the relief of Richard B. Alexander.
It authorizes the proper accounting officers of
the Tieasury to pay to Itichaid B. Alexander, late
a major in the first Tennessee regiment, the sum
of $250 in full of the value of one horse and one
mule lost by him during the Mexican war.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SYLVESTER CHURCHILL.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 10) for the re-
lief of General Sylvester Churchill, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It requires the proper disbursing officer to
allow and pay to General Sylvester Churchill,
inspector general, the pay and allowances of in-
spector general, from the 29th of April, 1845, the
date of his discharge, to the 21st of January, 1846,
when he was reinstated in his office, according to
the rates of pay then allowed, deducting from the
pay and allowance any amounts which may have
been paid to him for service performed between
the time of his discharge and restoration to office
Mr. HALE. Is there a report in that case ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Perhaps the Senator from
Mississippi can explain it.
Mr. DAVIS. Formerly, as now, there were
two inspectors general. An act was passed to
reduce them to one inspector general, and General
Churchill was disbanded and remained out of ser-
vice about nine months, when Congress repealed
the law reducing the inspectors general to one,
and restored the number to two, so far as I am
advised,on accountof the high consideration they
had for General Churchill, and not anticipating
that he was to be the particular inspector general
who was to be retired. When disbanded,under
a provision of law, he received three months' pay.
