1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
superior to the law. I recollect very well, that on
a murder trial in my State, a few years ago—the
highest crime known to the common law or to the
law of the land—men appeared before the courtand
said that they had taken to themselves obligations
higher than the law of the land, higher than the
Constitution of their country. But what did the
courts do with those men ? They put them in jail
and kept them there till they answered.
Now, we have got a committee ready to inves-
tigate frauds which my friend from uhio [Mr.
Stanton] thought it worth while to inquire into.
It is charged, sir, that §87,000 were offered and
paid to members here last year to obtain their
votes on certain measures calculated to strike
down the interests of the North; and we have en-
gaged in the investigation of these villainies. And
yet we are to send this man home to be tried be-
fore our courts for refusing to answer! Sir, I am
in favor of putting this man straight in jail, and
keeping him there until he shall indicate his in-
tention to appear before this committee and tell the
truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
And I would keep him there until his flesh with-
ers upon his bones, unless he answers. Sir, we
shall never be able to establish truth, honesty, and
fair dealing among men, unless we have power to
compel the attendance of witnesses, and to compel
them to testify their knowledge of wrongs that
hiive been committed.
Now, sir, I do not know what other men may
Uunk, but 1 believe that during the last ten years
there have been villainies practiced by Jobbers
about the Halls of Congress, which should be laid
before the world. 1 believe the future existence
of this Government depends upon the integrity
of the representatives of the people. But, sir, I
have perhaps said more than the occasion calls
for. 1 put it to the conscience, I put it to the
heart of every member, whether he will consent
to excuse a man who conies here to defy the
power of Congress—who tells us that he has got
some confidential arrangement with some thieves
and scoundrels which he will not disclose ? Sir,
send this man to jail, and keep him there until he
will speak.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask that the first and last
sections of the act of the last Congress be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Cl Beit ennctedh/thc Seriate and Ho<me of Representatives
of the United States of Amo ica in Congress assembled, That
any person summoned as a witness by the autlioi ity of either
House of (.'ongiesd to give testimony, oi to pioduce papei 
upon any matter hetoie either House, or any commiuec of
either Hoi^e ol Congress, who shall willfully make default,
or who appearing,shall refuse to answer any question per-
tinent to the matter of mqmiy m eon&ideiauon before the
House oi committee by which he shall be examined, shall,
in addition to the puns and penal tics now e\i- ting, be liable
to indictment as and for a misdemeanor, m anv eourtof the
United States having jurisdiction thereof, and on convic-
tion. shall pay a fine not exceeding one thousand dollais,
"and'not loaa than one hundicd dolldis, and .suffei impugn-
ment m the common j;ul not less than one month, nor more
than twelve months."
" Seo. 3. jJud be it farther enacted, That when a Witness
shall fad to te-tify, a> piovidcd in the previous sections of
tiu> act, and the f.ict^ tall lie leported to the Uoir c, it bhall
be tlu: duty oi the ^peakei of the Uouf-c or the Pi evident of
the Senate to ceihly Hie fact, under the seal of the House
Oi' Senate, to the district attorney for the District of Colum-
bia, whose dtttv it shall be to bring the matter before the
giand juiy for then actum.^
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to make a suggestion
ov two to the House upon the application of that
statute, in a case of the character of that now un-
der consideration. That law was passed in the
last Cuiigress. ]t will be observed that a eon-
tempt of the House, such as will subject a party
to the penalties provided in this statute, may be
committed in two ways: first, by refusing to
obey the process of the House; and, second, by
refusing to testify before the House or before a
committee. And the statute says that these pen-
alties are superadded to such penalties as now ex-
ist. Now, in case the party refuses to obey the
process of the House, he is liable to be indicted
in the district eourtof the United States where
the offense was committed. If he refuses to tes-
tify, the effect of his refusal will be that he will be
reported to the House, and the Speaker is to eer- j
tify to the fact of his so refusing to testify to the
district attorney. But the Speaker is not required j
to certify to anything in case he fails to obey the i
process of the House, because the offense is al- 1
ready complete. • j
So far as that branch of the matter is concerned, I
the witness has clearly brought himself withiulhe >
letter and spirit of the law of the last Congress.
The House has nothing to do, and the Speaker has
nothing to certify to. It is a complete offense
within the jurisdiction of the district court, and
must be left to that court to determine. If gentle-
men desire to pursue this man further for this
offense they must carry their complaint before the
district court. ' ,
But so far as the second branch of the statute is
concerned, the case is not yet fairly before the
House for its action. If the witness has refused
to testify, the fact of his refusing to testify must
be reported to the House by the committee, and
the Speaker must then certify that he has so re-
fused, to the District Attorney.
Then so far as this statute passed by the last
Congress is concerned, the matter has not, in my
opinion, assumed a form which authorizes the
House to take definite action in the case.
But, sir, this law provides that the penalties
therein named shall be in addition to the penalties
to which the party was previously liable. Upon
that subject I shall appeal to my friend from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] for information, for I do not
profess to be correctly informed upon it. I un-
derstand, however, (and if I am not correct, I
hope gentlemen will set me right,) that, previous
to the passage of that act, the extent of the House
to punish for contempt consisted in continuing
the party in the custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms
during the session.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Where did you
get that authority from ?
Mr. HUGHES. Prom the case of Houston
and Stansbury. The circumstances of that case
led to a very full discussion of the powers of the
House for punishing for contempt.
Mr. MILLSON. In reply to the gentleman
from Indiana, I will say that he is undoubtedly
conect in stating that the power of the House to
punish by imprisonmentishmitedby the duration
of its constitutional term. There can be no doubt
about that; and that was precisely the reason why
Congress at the last session enacted a law which
would subject a contumacious witness to a pun-
ishment which might outlast the duration of the
Congress itself.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to make a suggestion.
It seems to me that the first question before the
House is to decide whether this answer of the
witness purges himself of the contempt he has
committed in refusing to obey the subpena of
this House? When the House has passed upon
that, the question will then recur, whether the
witness is willing to obey the order of the House
and testify before the committee? Then we can
deal with him, if he is contumacious.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. The very sub-
stitute now before the House proposes to pass an
opinion upon that subject, by saying that he has
not purged himself, the reply being insufficient
and impertinent.
Mr. HUGHES. To proceed from the point
where I was interrupted—and I wil 1 presently come
to the matter suggested by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Kelsey:] this House, then, had
power, previous to the passage of this law, to
commit a party for contempt for such a period as
the Congress might last. Now, whether that pun-
ishment can extend to confinement in the common
jail, is a question 1 shall not discuss. This House
commits a man, for contempt, to the custody of
the Sergeant-at-Arms. Whether it is usual or not
to put him in the common jail, I do not know.
The question now before the House is, will they
leave this man to this penalty of the law, which
he has incurred for failing to obey the process, and
which he will further incur if he refuses to testify ?
or will the House act under the old law, so imper-
fect that this law was necessary to cure its defects ?
So far as the question now before the House is con-
cerned, in regard to the exercise of its own powers,
there can benotwo opinions about it. Thewitness
has openly set the power of the House at defiance.
That he is m contempt of the House there is no
doubt. But, sir, it is a matter of discretion in the
House whether they will now proceed to deal with
him, or whether they will suspend their judgment
upon that matter until he has been before the com-
mittee—for the sending him before the committee,
before the jury, to give evidence in the matter in
which it is required, by no means purges him of
contempt.
I suggest that, as the powers of this House upon
this subject are 30 very imperfect, ati attempt, to
exercise them would give rise to a great deal of
embarrassment, and be a great obstruction to the
public business; and as this statute covers the
case fully, and there is a competent court having
jurisdiction of this matter, the House ought to
content itself, for the present at least, by simply
passing the proposition submitted by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.] Then, if the
witness continues to be contumacious, the House,
upon the report of the committee, can pursue the
matter further.' But it is obvious, if we do, we
ought not to carry it any further than is necessary
to obtain the testimony, because we detain a man
who is already in the power of a court.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I agree very
generally with the remarks made by the gentleman
from Indiana. The proper course for the House,
as I think, is to waive the contempt, send the wit-
ness before the committee, and let the questions
be propounded. I do not know, nor does he know,
what questions will be propounded. Thereought
to be no questions propounded but legal ones, and
he has said that he will answer all legal questions.
["No! no!"] Proper and legal I consider the
same. Let the committee report to the House the
questions propounded to thewitness by the com-
mittee, if he refuses to answer them. Then we
can take action upon the report. I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to withdraw the demand for the previous
question a single moment, and I will renew it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I withdraw it.
Mr. STANTON. I trust that the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Wright,] who has made the
motion to commit the witness, will withdraw his
proposition. All I desire is, that the committee
may have an opportunity to propound their ques-
tions, and see if they can get the testimony they
desire. I wish the House to remember that we
are now acting judicially; and it has been my ex-
perience, in the little practice I have had, that
judges sit deliberately and calmly, and mature
their judgments. I hope the House will not act
hastily, make a rash judgment, and establish a
practice which may be prejudicial to the rights of
parties who may hereafter be biought before it.
The proposition I submit to the House contem-
plates no present, definite, and distinct action ill
reference to this matter of contempt. It does not
exonerate the witness from any action which the
House may think proper to take hereafter. It
does not decide that the act of the witness is not
a contempt, but it proposes a course which is
dignified, and which befits a calm consideration
of the subject.
It is proper to say further, that since this pro-
ceeding has commenced the witness had said to
me that he is not a lawyer, and has not prepared
his answer upon consultation with a lawyer, and
does not know its legal defects; that he does not
desire, in consequence of his ignorance, to bo in-
volved in any very serious consequences. At the
same time, it is as little as the House can do to let
the matter go over; and if the gentleman from
Georgia will withdraw his proposition, I think the
House will, by common consent, adopt the prop-
osition I have submitted, or will now agree upon
such a proposition as will give satisfaction to the
witness and to all parties concerned. I move the
previous question.
Mr. WRTGHT, of Georgia. Will the gentle-
man from Ohio withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question, as he has made an appeal to me in
regard to my proposition ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. It was with great
re!uctance that X moved the resolution which t
submitted. I moved it, sir, with the conviction
in my own heart that it was absolutely necessary
that the Houseshould act with energy m the pro-
tection of its own rights, and in the protection of
its honor, or that this House would not attain the
object which it sought by this investigation. This
gentleman presents himself here, sir, in an atti-
tude of contumacy. He comes here to quibble m
the face of the House, and befoie its members,
upon the authority of the House to command re-
spect from all the citizens of this Republic. lie
comes here and doubts, in the first place, our right
to take him at all, and tells the House that he in-
tends to have the question investigated by the tri-
bunals of the country. Well, sir, he has the
