2694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
There are six months, then,for which he received
nothing. When restored under the act of Con-
gress, he took rank from the date which he had
previously held, so as to leave no interval in his
commission. It appears also, in the evidence be-
fore the committee, that during the period he was
out of service the accounting officers frequently
referred to him muster roils—particularly the
mustering in and mustering out of volunteers, in
which he had been specially engaged in the Flor-
ida war—and that he was thus employed during
a great portion of the time in the discharge of
public duties, and of a character connected with
the duties he had performed as an inspector gen-
eral, This is to give him the pay for the time he
was out of the service.
Mr. HALE. I think that, is an unsound prin-
ciple. If he had been illegally out or unjustly put
out of the Army, I should not object; but I under-
stand he was legally and fairly out.
Several Senators. Withdraw the objection.
Mr. HALE. If others do not object, I shall
not; but I shall vote against the bill, i think it
■wrong.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
SIRS. JANE TURNBULL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 110) for the relief of Mrs. Jane Turnbull,
which had been reported on adversely from the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let it be passed over.
The bid was passed over.
The next was the bill (S. No. 229) for the re-
lief of Jane Turnbull, winch had been reported
adversely from the Committee on Pensions.
The bill was passed over.
ROBERT W. CUSHMAN.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. II. No. 453) for
the relief of Robert W. Cushinan, formerly an
acting purser in the United States Navy.
It directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to pay to Robert W. Cushmau, acting
purser of the Germantown, the flag-ship of the
African squadron, the difference of pay between
that of a purser and a captain's clerk, for such
time as he so acted as purser.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oulered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
IJEIVJ AIU1N WAKEFIELD.
The Senate, n.s in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the hill (f I. II. No. 547) for
the relief of Benjamin Wakefield,
It directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to pay to ijonjanun Wakefield the dif-
ference of pay between that of master's mate and
boatswain, from the lat of January, 1848, to the
19th of January, 1850.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed. ;
OREGON LAND OFFICES.
The bill (H. R. No. 1G9) making an appropri-
ation for the payment of clerks employed in the
offices of the register of the land offices at Oregon :
City and Winchester, in the Territory of Oregon,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the sum of *>7,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, be appropriated to
enable the Secretary of the Inteiinr to reimburse
the registers of the land offices at Oregon City and
Winchester, in the Temtory of Oirgon, for ex-
penses incurred by theni in the employment of
clerks actually required for the transaction of the
business of their respective offices, growing out
of an act entitled " An act to create the office of
surveyor general of the public lands m Oregon,
and to provide for the survey, and to make do-
nations to settlers of the said public lands," ap-
pioved September 27, R\n).
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the ,
third time, and passed. j
ISAAC BODY AND SAMUEL FLEMING. j
The hill (H. R. No. 490) for the relief of Isaac '
Pody and Samuel Fleming was considered as in [
Committee of the "Whele. 1
It directs that Isaac Body be allowed to enter
at the land office at Springfield, Illinois, at the min-
imum price, at any time within one year after the
date of this act, the southeast quarter of section
nineteen, of township twenty-six north, of range
twelve west; and that Samuel Fleming be allowed
to enter, at the same land office, and on the same
terms and conditions, the northwest quarter of
section twenty, township twenty-six north, range
twelve west; but this act is only to operate as a
relinquishment of title on the part of the United
States.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call for the reading of the
report.
Mr. PXJGH. These are parties who made lo-
cations without any fault. They are bona fide
settlers. 1 think it is a short report. Let it be
read.
The Secretary read the report, from which it
appears that Isaac Body and Samuel Fleming, in
or about the year 1842, settled, each for himself,
upon certain quarter sections of land in the State
of Illinois; that they have continued to reside, and
have made considerable improvements thereon up
to the present time; that the lands so settled upon
by them were selected by the State of Illinois,
under the act of Congress approved September 4,
1841; but for some reason such selections were not
approved by the General Land Office, and were
rejected; that such rejection, although notified to
the State, were not notified to the local land of-
fice, and in consequence, Body and Fleming have
been, and still are, unable to procure titles to their
farms either from the United States or State of
Illinois. They have often applied, both to the
United States and State land offices to pay their
moneys and procure titles; but each disclaiming
the right to sell^them, have failed to attain their
object, and now ask Congress for relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOB STAFFORD.
The bill (H. R. No. 503) for the relief of Job
Stafford, of the State of New Yoik, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It instructs the Commissioner of Pensions to
issue to Job Stafford, of New York, a bounty
land warrant for one hundred and sixty acres of
land, the same to^bc held, located, or assigned,
as if it had issued in the ordinary way, on appli-
cation under existing laws.
Mr. TOOMBS. Task for the reading of the
leport.
iVTr. PUGTT. I can explain that case to the
Senate, as I lepoited the bill, probably sooner
ilmn the report can be read. Tilts man was en-
listed, and went out to fight the enemy, and re-
ceived a wound from a cannon ball the'next day
after his enlistment, but they decided that it was
not received m battle, although the man was dis-
abled for life. I think it is much nearer to service
than those fourteen-day gentlemen who never saw
powder at all. I think it is a case for a bounty
land warrant.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 am satisfied.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third lime, and passed.
ELIZABETH BI'JJRICR.
The bill (II. R. No. 504) for the relief of Eliz-
abeth McBner, only surviving child and heir of
Colonel Archibald Loughrey, deceased, was next
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It. i ecjuircs the Secretary of the Interior to issue
land scrip in eighty-acre certificates, receival.de in
payment for public lands at any of the land offices
m the United States, in favor of Elizabeth Mc-
tfrier, only surviving child and heir of Colonel
Archibald Loughrey, deceased,orto herorder,for
an amount equal to six thousand six hundred and
sixty-six acres and two thirds of an acre of land,
which may be located on hnd subject to private
entry, at one dollar and tweuty-iive cents per
acie, or lesf.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report.
The Secretary proceeded to read the following
report:
The Committee on Private Land Claims to whom wore
roleired the claim? of Jane Thompson and Elizabeth AJc-
UrieijOf Wes-tmoieland county, i'ennsyivama, malce the
following repoi t:
That the Commonwealth of Virginia, on the 2d day of
January, 1781, yielded to the Congress of the United States,
for the benefit of said States, all right, title, and claim which
the said Commonwealth had to the territory northwest of
the river Ohio, subject to the conditions annexed to the said
act of cession ; which said act of cession, with the condi-
tions annexed, the Congress of the United States accepted,
among which conditions was the following: "That a quan-
tity not exceeding one hundred and fifty thousand acres of
land, promised by the State ©f Virginia, should be allowed
and granted to the then Colonei (now General) George
liogeis Claik, and to the officers and soldiers of his regi-
ment who marched with him when the posts of ICaskaskias
and St. Vincent's were reduced, and to the officers and sol-
diers that have since incorporated into the said regiment;
to be laid off in one tract, the length of which not tooxeeed
double the breadth, in such place on the northwest side of
the Ohio as a majority of the officers shall choose; and to
be afterwards divided among the said officers and soldieis
in due proportion, aceoiding to the laws of Virginia."
The committee further report that it appears, by the affi-
davits of credible witnesses, that Colonel Archibald Lough-
rey, fathei of the above-named claimants, (which affidavits
are hereto annexed, and made part of this report,) some
time during the summer of 1781 raised several companies
of volunteers, ot which he was chosen qomniander, foi the
purpose of joining the forces of General George Rogers
Claik, in the expedition against the Mohawk and Seneca
Indians, inhabiting the country now belonging to the Stale
of Ohio; that in August, 1781, he marched with his men to
Wheeling, Ohio, expecting to join thefoiccs under the said
General Clark; but when he and his men anived at Wheel-
ing, they found General Clark had left that place afewda>s
before they arrived, but had left boats for Colonel Loughrey
and Ins men to follow them; that they took the boats thus
left for them ; but somewheie near the mouth of the Big
Miami river Colonel Loughrey and his men landed to cook
and cat some food, and were attacked by a laige bodv of
Indian", and the said Loughrey and a number of his men
were killed, and the icmainder taken prisoners by the In-
dians. and never joined the forces under General Claik, as
was intended.
Mr. WADE. I move that the further reading
of the report be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third readings-read the
third time, and passed.
STANTON SHOLES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 344) for
the relief of Stanton Sholes.
It authorizes the Secretary of War to place Cap-
tain Stanton Sholcs upon the list of invalid pen-
sioners of the United States, at the rate of twenly
dollars per month, to commence on the 1st of
January, 1858.
The bill was.reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOSEPH "WEBB:
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (hi. R. No. 347)
for the relief of Joseph Webb.
It directs that the monthly pay heretofore al-
lowed by law to Joseph Webb, as an invalid pen-
sioner, be increased to eight dollars per month;
and that the Secretary of the Interior pay him at
that rate from and after the 1st of January, 1852.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MIC A J AH BROOKS.
The bill (H. R. No. 455) for the relief of Mi-
enjah Brooks, was consideied as in Committee of
the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Micajah Brooks, of Georgia, on the
pension roll, at the rate of four dollars per month,
or forty-eight dollars per annum, and that he be
paid at that rate from the 1st of January, 1850.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JAMES FUGATE.
The bill (II. R. No. 462) granti ng an invalid
pension to .Tamos Fugatc, of Missouri, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It instructs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of James Fugate, of Missouri, upon the
roll of invalid pensioners, and pay him a pension
at the rate of eight dollars per month, instead of
four dollars per month, the amount he now re-
ceives-, the pension to commence on the 4th of
March, 1858, and to continue during his natural
life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ELIJAH CLOSE.
The bill (PI. U. No. 512) for the relief of Eli-
