WW
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
! MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United 'States by Mr. J. B. Henry, his "Pri-
vate Secretary, notifying the House that he had
approved and signed an act for the relief of the
legal representatives of James Lawrence.
WASHINGTON AUXILIARY GUARD.
Mr. GOODE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and, the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to take up the police bill.
Mr. STANTON, I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion until I can submit a reso-
lution.
Mr. GOODE. I will hear the resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the States and Teriitoiics be called for
bills, of which nouce has been sjiven, lor the puiposeof
rufurencp, and re-olutions winch shall not be objected to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object. We have had
resolutions of that kind, and resolutions under it,
of any accountorconsequence, have been objected
to, and kept out. If the gentleman will leave out
the words " resolutions objected to," and let all
resolutions come in alike, 1 will vote for his res-
olution.
Mr. GOODE. I do not yield for the resolu-
tion.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
83, noes 71.
Mr. STANTON. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.'
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the estab-
lishment of an
AUXILIARY GUARD
for the District of Columbia, on which general
debate was closed at the rising °f the committee,
at its last sitting, and on which the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Goook] was entitled to the
floor for one hour under the rules: the pending
question being to amend by way of substitute of-
fered by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Ooodr]
to the substitute offered by the gentleman from
New Yoik [Mr. Dodo] for the Senate lull.
Mr. GOODE. The few suggestions which I
propose to offer, will be presented in as brief a
form as possible. 1 have no essay to publish, and
if I had the force of character and tne power of
language to engage the attention of the committee,
I should not indulge in political declamation. I
shall direct myself to a just consideration of the
merits of the propositions before the committee.
The discussion upon this subject, which was
opened some days since, has taken a wide range,
and gentlemen have felt themselves called upon,
to launch out in a wild discussion of partisan pol-
ities. I shall not follow their example. 1 desire
to call back the attention of the committee to the
- question which is pending before it. That ques-
tion is, as was announced by the Chairman, on
the adoption of the substitute which I proposed
in lieu of the jprnposhwn submitted by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Dodd.J The com-
mittee may, perhaps, be familiar with the differ-
ence between them. The geneial provisions of
the two bills are nearly identical. They provide
for the same force, for the same number of offi-
cers, and for nearly the same expenditure of
money. I may, however, be permitted to state
that the substitute which 1 introduced contem-
plates a less expenditure of money than the prop-
osition of the gentleman from New York, &.nd,pro
iantOy is less objectionable.
There is, however, in one or two respects, a
wide difference between the proposition of the
gentleman from New York. and that which I have
had the honor to submit. My substitute provides
for that which I hold to be a great improvement
in the administration of justice in this city. It
provides for establishing a court by which offend-
ers arrested may be summarily disposed of, in-
stead of subjecting the country to the expense of
a criminal prosecution in all eases of arrest, and
instead of allowing the criminals the opportunity
of securing their acquittal by the absence of wit-
nesses after a few months' delay. This feature of
the bill is of the utmost importance. More than
one hundred thousand dollars are appropriated
a.iuuully from the Federal Ticasury for the pros-
ecution of these petty offenses in the District of |
Columbia, a great portion of which will be saved
by the adoption of the proposition I have submit-
ted. In this respect I claim the credit for my bill
over that of the gentleman from New York.
But the chief distinction between the two prop-
ositions is in the mode of appointment of the offi-
cers. The gentleman from New York proposes
to constitute a board of commissioners to organize
this police force. That board of commissioners is to
be elected by the voters of the city of Washington.
They are not only to be elected, but they are to
be elected from the contending political parties in
equal numbers. The board is to consist of two
Democrats and two Americans. As I said before,
when I addressed the House, the antagonistic ele-
ments of such a force would be such as to make
a decision upon any question which may arise in
the board utterly impracticable. It is impossible
that they can enter into any regulations, or agree
upon any appointments, anymore than could the
gentleman from New York and myself compro-
mise on any such mode.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman if he does not know that the best governed
cities and villages m America, to-day, are those
governed by men chosen without reference to
party?
Mr. GOODE. I do not. It appears to me ut-
terly impracticable for that board to agree upon
anything. They have to determine upon the ap-
pointment of the officers. In cases which would
require prompt action, they would be without the
hope of agreement among themselves. [ confess
it appears to me the most unreasonable proposi-
tion that could be submitted. There is no prece-
dent like it in the history of the country. It re-
sembles nothing so nearly as the triple-headed
Cerberus, placed by mycologists to guard the
gales of hell. The proposition of the gentleman
from New York cannot, 1 think, receive the ap~
i probation of the memheis of this committee. If
it. does, it will entail a greater evil upon this city
than that which it now labors under. My prop-
osition vanes Irom his, in varying the mode of
appointment. Mine provides that the chief of
police shall be appointed by the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, as the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States provides, Gentlemen say that these
officers are not Federal officers. Why not? They
f are created by act of Congress, are paid out of the
! Federal Treasury, and have their duties prescribed
, by act of Congress. How, then, can any officers
1 he more of Federal officers than they arc? And
i if they be Federal officers, the Constitution gives
! the appointment to the President of the United
! States, by and with the advice and consent of the
' Senate. It is true that Congress has the power
I bylaw of vesting the appointment of inferior offi-
| cers in the President alone, without placing him
1 under the necessity of going for confirmation to
| the Senate; nnd also of vesting the appointment
t of inferior officers in the courts of law, or in the
| heads of Departments. With these exceptions,
i however, we have no right to vest the power of
i appointment elsewhere.
\ The Constitution, I say, places the power of ap-
| pointrnent regularly in the President. Will any
: man deny that this appointment of chief of police
: of tin;! city is incidental to the executive power?
1 Our ancestors, in framing the Federal Constitu-
! tion, adopted the Kntish Government as its model,
and, according to the Hntish Constitution, the
power of appointment is in the Executive. It is
| a kingly prerogative, a prerogative of the Crown,
• and it is a reflection on the person of the monarch
, to attempt to infringe upon that power. Gentle-
Men may say that this is a roya! attribute; if it be,
it is one in accordance with the principles of our
own Constitution. Gentlemen may say it is wrong
to accumulate power m the hands of the Execu-
tive. It may be wrong for aught I know; but
whenever an office is created by act of Congress,
the Constitution vests the power of appointment,
when not otherwise vested, in the President of the
United States. He has the rower to appoint all
the superior officers of the Government, the offi-
cers of the Army and Navy, of the judiciary of
the United States, und would it not be aosurd to
I; refuse to intrust him with the power of appoint-
!l ing the chief of police of the city of Washington ? .
^ Mr. MAYNARD. I want to know whether, f,
under the act of Ic^O, the commissioners were
appointed by the President, or by the courts of the
District, in which they were to act?
Mr. GOODE. Did not the gentleman hear me
say that Congress had the power to provide by
law for the appointment of inferior officers by the
courts or heads of Departments? That was the
position I announced. I do not recollect partic-
ularly the provisions of the bill to which the gen-
tleman refers.
Mr. BLISS. I would like to be enlightened on
one point, for it is an important one. I under-
stand the gentleman to claim that the officers of
this District are Federal officers under the Consti-
tution?
Mr. GOODE. The officers of the corporation
are municipal officers; but itiscompetent for Con-
gress to create other officers in this District that
are not municipal officers, and that are, of neces-
sity, Federal officers.
Mr. BLISS. I ask whether, under the Consti-
tution, any difference was made between any of
the local officers of the District, such as Mayor
and policemen, or any other officer?
Mr. GOODE. The office of Mayor is an office
elective by the people, under the charter. That
of chief of police is regulated by this bill. If it
were a municipal office, it should be one elective
by the people; if it be not, then the appointment
vests in the Executive of the nation. We may,
by law, provide for the appointment by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, or any other head of the
Department or the courts; but, if there be no such
special provision,then the appointment attaches,
ex vi termini, to the Picsident of the United States.
Gentlemen may insist that it is wrong to invest
the President with the appointing power of this
chief of police, while he has the appointing power
of all the principal officers of the Government. It
seems to me to be a strong illustration of the pro-
verb, " strain at a gnat, and swallow a camel."
1 call upon gentlemen to stand by the provisions
of the Constitution; I call upon them to remem-
ber by whom it was framed. I call upon James
Madison to answer these objections. I call upon
Alexander Hamilton, upon Robert Morris, upon
Gouveineur Morris, upon James Wilson, upon
Charles Pinckney, upon Pierce Butler, to answer
them. I call upon Benjamin Franklin and upon
George Washington to answer them. All these
great men declared that it was right and proper
and just and safe to vest the appointing power in
the President of the United States.
Sir, what are the objections urged against thus
vesting the power of appointment in the Chief
Magistrate of the nation? Those objections are,
for the most part, founded on personal opposi-
tion to the Executive. 1 am proud to say that the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] was
an honorable exception to the rule. I was sur-
prised to hear such objection to a man like James
Buchanan, who has spent his life in the virtuous
exercise of his social faculties and of his duty to
the country, and whom the people have elevated
to his present high position. I was pained to see
him made a mark for attack and vituperation and
denunciation, if not slander, by honorable gentle-
men on this floor.
Let me say,sir,that anygentleman who brings
himself into comparison with James Buchanan as
a man of virtue, honor, intelligence, and distinc-
tion, will be apt to suffer severely by that compar-
ison. The objection to placing this power in the
hands of Mr. Buchanan is, that he is unworthy
the confidence of the country, and that he is the
head of a rotten and repudiated Administration,
to use the elegant language of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Comins.] Gentlemen must
recollect that before Mr. Buchanan was chosen
the standard-bearer of the Democratic party, he
was free from all these unjust imputations; but
since we made him our leader and standard-bearer,
and placed him in the eminent position which he
now occupies, he has become the great mark for
the shafts of his enemies, and I ask his friends
now to shield him from these attacks. I do not
ask the House to pass an improper law; but, m
deciding this question of the appointing power be-
tween the gentleman from New York [Mr. Dodo]
and myself, I ask the Democracy of the House to
protect the President from the obloquy which is
attempted to be cast upon him. Gentlemen can
vote for my proposition in preference to that of
the gentleman from New York without being com-
mitted to my proposition. It is a mere expression
