§84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
right to have it so investigated; but it does not
come, in my opinion, with a good grace from a
witness who appears before a judicial tribunal—
for that is our attitude now—in obedience to a rul^
 isi to show cause why he should not be pun-
ished for contempt, to quibble upon the authority
wliieh has brought him before it, and to tell the
court that he intends to pry into its powers and
stscertain whether it can do so and so and so and
so. Let this House act, and then this gentleman
can investigate the question. Let him take the
responsibility, in the first place, of refusing obe-
dience to the mandate of the House; and when
this House has, in a proper manner, punished him
for that disobedience and that contumacy, or un-
dertaken to doit, then let him try the law—the ju-
dicial tribunals are open to him—and sec whether
the action of this House is legal or not.
Sir, we are engaged in a great question. It is
one, as t remarked in the outset, which involves
the honor of the House, which involves the integ-
rity of the legislative body of this nation. It is
alleged that in this temple, dedicated to justice and
to law, frauds, infamous frauds, have been prac-
ticedforthe purpose ofcontrolling legislation,and
that the votes of members of this House have been
bought and sold in the market. You have ap-
pointed a committee to investigate the matter, to
ascertain whether these allegations are true,and if
so, to publish the facts to the country. I say it
is a great question. If there be truth in these
charges, it ought to be known, although it may
blacken theannals of our country's history. The
people ought to know it. The people never will
know it unless you command respect to the pre-
cepts which this House issues, and aid your com-
mittee in a proper investigation of this question.
Mr. Speaker, the committee were satisfied, be-
fore the subpena was issued for this witness, that
we should have trouble with him.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman from Georgia
if a letter, written to the committee by this wit-
ness, in which ho denied the power of the House,
was not read here the other day ?
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I think there
was, but I have not read the letter.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly there was.
A Member. It was addressed to the Sergeant-
r.t-Arms.
Mr. COX. I would be glad to have it read
.'gain.
Mr. STANTON. I submit to the gentleman
from Georgia whether it will not do just as well
to do this thing to-morrow as to-day ? That is all
the difference there is between us.
Mr. WEIGHT, of Georgia. No, sir.
Mr. STANTON. I submit whether it is not
better not to do anything hastily?
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I do not want to
do anything hastily. This gentleman has nothing
in the world to do but to express his willingness
to answer all legal questions (mark you) which
may be propounded to him to relieve himself from
imprisonment. Ho need not move one foot from
where ho now stands. He has but to say " I am
ready to answer all legal questions propounded to
me by the committee";" but he has no right to ap-
pend to it his own terms or the condition that he
will answer if he can do so without violating any
promise he has given or any oath which he has
taken.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Will the gentle-
man allow me to inteuupt him at this point? I
tio it for the purpose of amiouncng to the House,
upon the authority of the witness who is pro-
duced before it, that bo is willing to answer every
find all questions, and that he does not set up the
defense that any question may require him to
criminate himself.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia, If that is the case,
I am satisfied that the witness shall go before the
committee, and will nnt press my resolution.
Mr. STANTON. 1 now demand the previous
question, and will insist on it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. May I take the
floor for a moment?
Mr. STANTON. I would be glad to accom-
modate the gentleman, but there are t.v/enty others
asking the same privilege, and I cannot do it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I appeal to the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw the demand
for the previous question for a moment. J will
renew it.
Mr. STANTON. Well, Mr. Speaker, if the
gentleman has anything to say for the witness-,
it will be proper that he shall state it. If not, I
must decline to withdraw the previous qufestion,
as there are at least twenty other gentlemen who
desire to make speeches.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I answer the gen-
tleman from Ohio that I have something to say,
direct and pertinent to the interests of the witness,
and which I am authorized to speak by him and
for him.
Mr. STANTON. Then, sir, if the gentleman
from New York will renew the demand for the
previous question, and not withdraw it for any-
body, I withdraw it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Have I the floor,
Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. READY. I desire to know if the gentle-
man from New York is authorized to say that the
witness will make the answer he has just stated
in writing.'
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have not ques-
tioned the witness on that point.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask if the gentleman is
authorized to say that the witness will make that
answer under oath, as the resolution of the House
requires ?
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. The answer
ought to be in writing.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If I have the floor,
I desire to say a word or two, not only in respect
to the rights of this witness, but in respect to the
reputation of this House and of the people of the
United States whom it represents.
Mr. McCiUEEN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York if the witness is prepared
to withdraw the answers which he made to the
House this morning?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 will ascertain that
in amoment. In the mean time, however, I have
a word or two to present to the House on this sub-
ject, a subject certainly of a very serious and im-
portant character. It has been stated here that
we are upon a grave crisis, that we are-engaged in
the discovery of frauds, and that we have taken
a first and a very important step towards that
discovery. Ay, sir, wo have, but let me entreat
gentlemen to look to it that any subsequent step
towards that discovery be not planted in an out-
rage upon the lights of any citizen of these United
States. Why, sir, what a picture will it be ? The
Congress of the United States engaged in purg-
ing itself of corruption; engaged in discovering
iniquity elsewhere; carrying out their inquiry, in
the first place, by an outrage and violence upon
the rights of an individual; and in the next place,
by asserting a right and their impunity m so
doing.
Now, sir, what is the case before us? The wit-
ness is introduced here in default. In default of
what? Of replying to your mandate to appear
and answer. But, in the first place, you have ad-
vanced a step beyond that; you have purged this
default by asking a question; and your inquiry
now is in respect to his contempt for refusing to
answer the question, not to a contempt by reason
of his default. But if that were not so; if it were
for the contempt by reason of his default, and
you were not concluded by your advance beyond
that question, was not that default purged by his
written declaration here that he acted under the
supposition that lie was under the authority of
the sheriff of New York, and was so advised by
his counsel? What contempt was there in that,
I ask gentlemen here, either those who have been
bred to the profession of the long robe, or those
who have acted in other vocations of life?
Now, what says the law upon this subject? It
has been stated that the law which has been cited
is applicable to this case. It is, undoubtedly, but
it is applicable only in concurrence with the in-
herent power of this body to assert its parlia-
mentary rights. The section of the law to which
I allude, is as follows:
Any person summoned as a witness by the authority of
either llou^e of Congress to give testimony, or to produce
papers, on any matter, before either House, or before any
committee of either IIou.--e of Congress, who shall willfully
make default, or, when appealing, shall refuse to answer
any Question pertinent to the matter of inquiry before the
i!;.in--e or committee befoie which lie shall be examined,
shall, m addition to the pains and penalties now existing, be
liable," &c.
It is clearly, sir, a concurrent and cooperative
remedy; and we stand here, not acting under this
law, but under the general parliamentary law of
all legislative assemblies; and it is in pursuit of
that question that I will address to the Speaker,
and to the House, a few remaining words. And
what shall they be devoted to ? Why, simply to
the sole question that remains before this House
at this present time—whetherthe witness standing
there is a contumacious witness, refusing to an-
swer the questions put to him. What question
is put to him ? I ask that the question be read
from the Clerk's desk. Sir, there is no question.
The committee has not done its duty. In its great
anxiety to punish an alleged fraud, it has come
here in hot haste—to punish whom ? The perpe-
trators of the fraud? No; but the witness, before
they have given hi m the opportunity of answering,
or refusing to answer, the questions that should
have been put to him.
And what a spectacle is this for the country to
look upon! What a spectacle to be exhibited in
the Hall of its Representatives; that, when pur-
suing alleged fraud, they should plant their foot
on the neck of an innocent and unoffending wit-
ness ! Sir, I move the previous question.
Mr. MOORE. I beg the gentleman will with-
draw the call for the previous question.
The call was withdrawn.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I understand that
the answer of the witness is not withdrawn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am authorized by
the witness to state that he is ready and willing
to answer in writing here, or at the bar, or else-
where, as the House may direct.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope that the witness's an-
swer will be put in in writing. It will not do to
come merely from the lips of a member. I wish
to have his answer reduced to writing, so that
there will be no dispute hereafter as to what he
said or did not say. .
Mr. BURNETT. I object to this discussion
as being out of order.
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
question has been withdrawn.
Mr. MOORE. If the answer handed in by the
witness to-day be withdrawn and modified, as the
gentleman [Mr. John Cochrane] states it will be,
and if the modification be made in writing, I do
not desire to submit the remarks which I intended
to submit.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. May I suggest that
the witness professes his willingness to withdraw
the present return, and to file a second one to com-
port with what has been said in his behalf?
Mr. MOORE. The answer that he has made
contains nothing about whether he is going to
reply to the committee. The House cannot in-
vestigate that question now. It can only do so
when the certificate of the committee comes legiti-
mately before it. At this time we have nothing
to do with it.
Mr. SEWARD. For the purpose of settling
this question, I make the distinct motion that the
witness do have further time to answer—till to-
morrow, at one o'clock, p. m.
Mr. STKPHENS, of Georgia. I move that the
witness have permission to withdraw and amend
his answer, and that the matter be postponed till
to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, that is my motion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Oil that I move the
previous question.
Mr. WRTGHT, of Georgia. I am perfectly
willing that that course be taken, particularly as
I have private information that the witness is will-
ing to amend his return, and to answer all ques-
tions that may be propounded to him. No man
in the world has a greater objection than myself
to inflict, punishment; and it was only for the pur-
pose of punishing contumacy that I moved my
amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I submit that, if my prop-
osition to postpone the whole thing till to-morrow
be adopted, the witness can come to-morrow with
his amended answer.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. But I want the
Journal to show that the answer was regarded as
not satisfactory, and that the witness had permis-
sion to withdraw and amend it.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the proposition that J. D.Williamson have leave
to withdraw his answer, and to submit an amended
answer; such amended answer to be submitted at
one o'clock, p. m., to-morrow; and that in the
