1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2603
jah Close, of Tennessee, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It requires the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Elijah Close, of Washington county,
Tennessee, on the list of invalid pensioners, at
the rate of eiffht dollars per month, to commence
on the 3d of December, 1855, and to continue du-
ring; his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read, the third time, and passed.
CONRAD SCHROEDER.
The bill (H. R. No. 514) for the relief of Con-
rad Schroeder, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Conrad Schroeder, who was a
captain in the " Louisville Legion" during the
war with Mexico, on the invalid pension roll,
and pay him a pension at the rate of $13 33 per
month ,*commcncing on the 22d of January, 1858,
and continuing during life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ALEXANDER S. BEAN.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. It. No. 515) |
granting an invalid pension to Alexanders. Bean, I
of Pennsylvania. ;j
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place ,!
the name of Alexander S. Bean, of Pennsylvania, 1
on the invalid pension roll at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, and pay him at that rate from the |
29th of May, 1856, during his natural life. !
The b§l was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the 1
thiid time, and passed. j
WYATT GRIFFITH. i
The bill (H. R. No. 523) for the relief of Wyatt
Griffith, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Wyatt Griffith, of Tennessee, on the
invalid pension roll*atthe rate of eight dollars per
month, from the 20th of June, 1854, and pay him
at that rate during the term of his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
STEPHEN FELLOWS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. It. No. 530)
for the relief of Stephen Follows.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Stephen Fellows on the invalid pen-
sion list, at the rate of four dollars per month,
from the 20th of January, 1858, and continue
during life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARY A. M- JONES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 42)
granting a pension to Mrs. Mary A. M. Jones.
It directs the Secretary of the Intel lor to place
the name of Mary A. M. .Tones, widow of Brevet
Major General Roger Jones, deceased, late Adju-
tant General of the Army, upon the roll of pen-
sioners, and pay her a pension at the rate of one
half the pay, monthly, to which her late husband
was entitled at the time of his death; the pension
to commence on the 15th of Jul}', lt>52, and con-
tinue during her natural life or widowhood.
The bill was leportcd to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
HENRY E. READ.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (H. R. No. 257) to
increase the pension of Henry E. Read, a citizen
of Kentucky, and for other purposes.
It provides that the half pension heretofore al-
lowed to Henry E. Read, of Kentucky, a non-
commissioned oIn^er in the Mexican war, be
laised to thirteen dollais a month, to commence
March 3, 1848, and continue for and during his
natural life.
Mr. CLAY. I object to that bill.
Mi\ PC GIL 1 h'-pe iho Senate:* from Ala-
bama will hear the report in that ease, and he
will withdraw his^objection.
Mr. CLAY. I object to paying these arrears
of pensions.
Mr. PCJGH. If you will read the report, you
will find that this is an exceptional case.
Mr. CLAY. I do not think there are any ex-
ceptional cases; but I will hear the*report read.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Jewett, in the House of Representatives,
February 3, 1858:
The Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Sergeant Henry E. Read, of Ken-
tucky, having had the same under consideration, unani-
mously repot t:
That Sergeant Read entered thp Army intended for the
invasion of'Mexieo, m the city of Louisville, State of Ken-
lucky, in the spring of 1847;' lhat he wa« in every battle
fought by the Amencan arms from Vera Cruz to the city of
Mexico, and until he fell desperately wounded in the ab-
domen, in the uglit shoulder and right arm, at the stoumng
of Chapultepcc ; that his conduct in every engagement was
that of a truly eomagpou«5 citizen soldier, until his fall at
the btotining'of Chapultepcc, with the coloisofhis regi-
ment in his hands, on the 13th September, 1847. Your com-
mittee would tui ther repoit 'hat Seigeant ReadV profession
oi calling befoie he enieied the Aimv was that of a black-
smith ; and that he has been compelled, m consequence of
ihe wounds leeeived in the defen>e of his commv, to aban-
don his tiade.and that he is wholly unable to peiform man-
ual labor, and is in that condition at this time. Your com-
mittee beg leave furthei to report that Sergeant Read was
honorabh discharged from the sei vire in the city of .Mexico,
while m the hospital, where he lingered (or seven month",
and had ultimately to find his way home as best he could.
Mr. CLAY. What does the bill efive?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Thirteen dol-
lars a month. 1 know this man, and I know how
he was shot. He was shot all to picces.
Mr. CLAY. I will let it £0.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
; a third reading, lead the third time, and passed.
I MICHAEL A. DAVEIsPOR'i .
i The bill (H. R. No. 516) for the relief of Mi-
j chael A. Davenport, of Illinois, was considered
i as in Committee of the Whole.
! It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
| the name of Michael A. Davennoit, of Illinois,
: on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of ei^ht
| dollars per month, and pay him a pension, at that
j rate, from the 5th of March, 1858, during his nat-
j ural life.
j The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
1 a thud reading, read the third time, and passed.
: WRIGHT FORE.
j ' The bill (II. R. No. 5*23) for the relief of Wright
| Fore was the next in order
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
I the name of Wright Fore on the invalid pension
roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence on the 9th of November, 1852, and to
continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Pensions with an amendment, in line five, to strike
out '* eight dollars," and insertk< six dollais."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let the report be read
The Secietary read it, as follows:
The Committee on Invalid Pent-ion-, tn whom weie
refe.red the petition and accompanying papci.-ot Wright
| Foie, of the State of Mi-si^sippi. report:
I That the petitioner claims to have enhMed as a puvate
j m Ihe mounted company of Captain David Smith, in Col-
I one! Coffee's bngade of Tennessee tioops*. in the month of
October, 1813. That in the battle of Talladega, on the 5)th
day of November, 1813, he was wounded in the left shoul-
der bv a rifle ball fired fiom the camp of the enemy, which
so disabled him n-* to render him unfit for duty; he was
considered dangerously wounded, and ieftat Foil brother;
was earned from there to the ho-pitn! at Uunt-viHe. Ala-
bama, where he remained until February following, when
he Wcis sent for by his fi lends and taken home.
John Moore. Kobe it Ilayijood, and John Rutheifoid, who
were in the same service and company with the petitioner,
testify fullv to his having been wounded m the semce.
The Third Auditor of the Trea^irv, who ha- the custody
of tiie lolls of the company to which the petitioner belonged,
eta res that the name of Wnght Fore appears on said roll-
fiotn the 24th of September, 1813, to the Ifith of May, 181-1.
On &aid loll he is noted as " wounded Oth No\ ember, 18i0 "
John Shelby and Bovd McNaity, who sign themselves M.
D., swear, on the 1st of Deccmbei, 1S17, that he is disabled
one half by reason of said wound.
J. J. Thornton and II. H. Paiker, who are certified to be
reputable and credible physicians, sweat, on the lltii of
July, lSo2, that said Wright Fore is disabled tlnee fotuths.
Ail'the witnesses are certified to be men of veraeitj and
tiuth. The committee are unanimous m the opinion that
this is a meiitonous ea-se, arid demands idief at the hands
of Cougicsa. They theiefoie repoit a bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. If these allegations be true, he
would have got the pension long ago at the Pen-
sion CiTicc. I obioct to tbo biL
Mr. BROWN. I want to say to my friend'
from Georgia that I know this man perfectly well,
and have known him twenty years. I do not
know why he does not get a pension at the Pen-
sion Office; but he ought to have one.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the factsstated in the report
be true, he would. It does not come under the
law, or the case would not be here; therefore I
take the statement not to be true.
The bill was passed over.
FRANCIS CARVER.
The next in order was the bill (H. R. No. 524)
for the relief of Francis Carver,
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Francis Carver on the invalid pen-
sion roll at the rate of eight dollars per month,
and to pay him at that rate from the I8th Decem-
ber, 1857, and continue during his natural life.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Invalid Pension5?, to whom were ro-
feried the memoual and papers of Francis Carver, report:
That it appeals, from pa-peis submitted, that said Fiancis
Caivci, has been, for a period of seventeen years, a soldier
in the Army of the United States, having served through the
war with Mexico. After that war he was ordered to the
frontiers of Texas, where for eight or nine months he was
in active service, exposed to the damps and cold of wintei,
without tent or ooveiing. During that scrvicc lie contracted
the disease with whiefThc now suffers.
The discharge of the petitioner is tiled with his papers.
Said dischaige is signed by C. A. May, bievet colonel, and
states that Francis Caiver is discbaiged for ordinary disa-
bility.
The certificate of J. A. Thompson, acting surgeon of the
mihtdtv a>yluin at Ilarrodsburg, Kentucky, states that the
petitmoner i- laboang under a disease called St- Vitus's
dance ; that he is wholly disabled, &e. In view of these
tacts \oni committee think this a c'a&e of merit, and report
a lull for hi« iclief.
Mr. TOOM133. I object to that.
The bill was passed over.
ROBINSON GAMMON.
The bill (H. R. No. 525) for the relief of Rob-
inson Gammon was next announced.
It requires the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Robinson Gammon, of Roxbury, Ox-
ford county, Maine, upon the roll of invalid pen-
sions, at the rate of ei^ht dollars per month, from
the 3d of December, 1856, during his life.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the leport.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom were re-
ferred the petition and papars, of Ilobmsoa Gammon, sub-
mit the following icpoit:
That Ins ease was before the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions at the fiir-l session of the Thnty-Fouith Congress, and
was favmnbly acted on, as will be seen l)j'the lollowmg
leport, which your committee will adopt:
"The Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Robinson Gammon for a pension, ask
leave to leport:
That said Gammon, on or about the 10th day of Sep-
tember, A. D 1614, way- called out on an alarm to «erve m
the war declined by the United SratPs againstGreat Biitarn
on the 18th day of June, 1812: that at the time of aid
alarm the petitioner lived in I5tifikfield, in tbo Slate of
Maine ; that be matched fiom Huekfield to Portland, m said
Slate, m a company commanded by Captam Chase ; that
after his arrival at Portland, he was drafted into Captain
James Ilarlow V company of Colonel liyeiden's leginient
oi MassnchU'efts mihfia, and remained m seivice forty
day--, and was honoiably dischatgcd therefrom ; that said*
maich fiom Buekheld was a t/6/rcff*mnrch. in which he
conti.ictf d a disease m hi* feet and legs, which has contin-
ued fiom lhat time up to the present. Said disease has
continued to increase, until the saul petitioner is now a
cripple, without any hope of iceovcry.
'«■ From the proof it further appear-; that the pet!tioner is
a poor man, with no viable means of support. The fore-
going facts .ue piovcd to our satisfaction by ihe evidence
accolnpanymg the petition. There is a!«o a petition Mgned
by neaily all the legal voters in the town where the peti-
tioner resides, m aid of Ins said petition.
*' For the loiegomg reasons the coiiunirree believe the
said Robinson Gammon justly entitled to the relief prayed
for, and repot t the accompanying bill, and recommend that
the -aiuo pass.
"The committee leport a bill giantmj: relief, to com-
mence on the .'Id day of December, 1
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that
The bill was passed over.
FREDERICK SMITH.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 52G) for the relief of Fredeiiclc Smith.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Frederick Smith on the invalid pen-
sion roll, at the rate of four dollais per month,
and to pay him at that rate from the 1st of Feb-
ruary, 1858, during his natural hie.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report.
The Secretary proceeded to read the following
report:
The Committee on Invalid Pension0-, to whom were re-
