1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1671
of preference between the two propositions. The
question will subsequently come up between my
proposition and the Senate bill, and then upon the
passage of which ever of those bills shall be pre-
ferred.
it was argued by the distinguished gentleman
from Kentucky. [Mr. Marshall,] that the char-
ter of the city of Washington had vested the power
of appointment in the Mayor of the city, and that
we could not now exercise it without a usurpation
of power. I confess I was surprised to hear such
an argument from that honorable source. It is
true we have organized a municipal corporation
here in the city of Washington, with power to
accomplish municipal objects by the appointment
of their officers. But can it ever have been con-
ceived that by such an act we had deprived our-
selves of the powerof self-protection and self-pres-
ervation by the creation of officers for ourselves !
Sir, the authority of the municipal government is
concurrent, and concurrent alone, and cannot be
regarded as by any means exclusive. Is there any
part of this broad Confederacy in which we have
not concurrent jurisdiction with the local author-
ities ? Go to the States, sovereign States, invested
with supreme authority; they exercise supreme
jurisdiction upon the subjects confided to them;
yet we exercise concurrent constitutional jurisdic-
tion on all subjects confided to the Federal Gov-
ernment within the limits of the States. They
are sovereign and supreme*, yet we share the au-
thority with them. I have seen the illustrious
John Marshall in the same room, and in the same
seat, administering Federal law on one day, when
on the preceding day the same seat in the same
room was occupied by the Chancellor of Virginia.
We have concurrentjunsdiction within the limits
of the States which are sovereign and supreme;
yet by the creation of a petty corporation within
the limits of the District of Columbia, it is insisted
that we have deprived ourselves of all power of
self-protection. We have 110 right to divest our-
selves of the power to protect the Government of
the United States and all those who legitimately
claim its protection. We are bound to protect
members of Congress, to protect the property of
the Government, to protect all who are connected
with the Federal Government, to protect citizens
who resort here, and to protect the ministers of
foreign courts. These are obligations of such a
nature that Congress cannot divest themselves of
them if we would; and if they had invested the
municipal authorities with the power instead of
themselves, the act would have been simply nu-
gatory.
Sir, it has been objected that this Government
should not support the police of the city to the
relief of the citizens of Washington. This argu-
ment must be respected, because it is urged by
respectable gentlemen. In itself, it seems to me
to be utterly without foundation. Why is a po-
lice essential here? Is it not an undeniable fact
that the lawlessness which prevails here is occa-
sioned by the presence of the Federal Govern-
ment? Do we not congregate and assemble within
the ten miles square of this District the ruffians
who set society at dcfiance ? Is it not true —I put
it to the calm understanding of the members of
the House—that if you should remove the seat of
Government to a point distant from Washington,
tins city would subside into the quiet and peace-
fulness of a country village? If, then, it be true
that we occasion the necessity for a police, it is
our duty, under the Constitution of the country,
to provide it. The Government of the United
States was brought here designedly and deliber-
ately, and invested with power to protect itself.
It was the purpose to cxclude all other jurisdic-
tion. That was the purpose for which the seat
of Government was located where it is.
Every gentleman present must be familiar with
the history of Washington and its establishment
as the seat of the General Government. It will
be remembered that at the close of the revolution-
ary war, when our arms were triumphant, when
victory had perched upon our banner, when the
power of Great Britain had been overcome, and
she was compelled to abandon her possessions,
when the American army achieved a glorious tri-
umph, it was left in a condition of destitution.
The soldiers were compelled to retire to their
homes, not only without a cent of pay, but with
their garments all tattered and torn. They had
been disbanded without any settlement of their
accounts. They grumbled, and exhibited every
evidence of dissatisfaction; and great address was
required on the part of the Commander-in-Chief
to prevent a mutiny in the army. General Wash-
ington exerted his patriotism, and restored peace,
by his efforts, to the great body of the army. At
Lancaster, Pennsylvania, however, the portion
of the army there could not be appeased. The
soldiers there were in a state of utter destitution,
and they took up the line of march for Philadel-
phia, where Congress was in session. Congress
appealed to the municipal authorities for protec-
tion, and the municipal authorities referred it to
the State authorities. Why was this ? Because
there was no adequate power in Congress to pro-
tect itself.
It will be seen that violence would be done before
any protection could be afforded. General Wash-
ington was full of indignation. He dispatched
fifteen hundred men to quiet the rebellion. The
mutinous soldiers surrounded the House in which
Congress was sitting, clamoring for pay for their
services, and Congress was compelled to disperse.
Before dispersing, they made an agreement to
assemble at Princeton. Then it was determined
that the seat of Government should be established
where the Federal Government would have the
power to protect itself. Shall we forget the teach-
ings of experience, or shall we, in furtherance of
what was then done by Congress, agree to this
measure of necessity for the protection of mem-
bers of Congress in the discharge of their duties?
Early in the proceedings of the constitutional con-
vention, a resolution was adopted, which may be
found in Elliot's Debates. It provided for the
insertion into the Constitution of a clause to pro-
vide for the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal
Government over its own seat of Government;
and when the Constitution was reported, the
clause for exclusive jurisdiction, as it now ap-
pears in that instrument, was found inserted. It
was put there in obedience to the public sentiment
at the time. It was put there because it was seen
that it was indispensably neccssary that power
should be placed in the hands of the General Gov-
ernment to protect itself. Virginia had jurisdic-
tion of the other side of the Potomac river, and
Maryland of this, and they ceded that jurisdiction
i to the United States. The General Government
required the surrender of eminent domain, and
Virginia and Maryland both retired. This af-
forded power to the General Government to pro-
tect itself; and I cannot believe that it is the judg-
ment of the American people to yield up this
necessary power, but that it 19, on the contrary,
an imperious duty to retain it.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Dodo]
provides in his proposition for the creation of a
commission, to be elected by the people here; and
in the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Leiter] the creation of alike commission
is provided. In the latter bill, two persons are
named who are candidates for Mayor, and this
has, of course, an appearance of a party charac-
ter, which gentlemen seem so much to wish to
guard against. I have already, however, given
my reasons why neither of these propositions
should be adopted. Other gentlemen, however,
wish to invest this power of appointment in the
Mayor of the city of Washington. Look at it.
The Congress of the United States and the Presi-
dent of tlie United States dependent for protection
011 the Mayor of this city ! The efficiency of such
an arrangement we have already seen, and the ar-
gument of experience is against it. It has been
shown in the bitter lessons of the past that he is
not a person to be invested with this authority.
But while some gentlemen have leveled their darts
at the present incumbent, I say the organization
is itself vicious; that it invests the recipient of of-
fice with power to appoint, men to office who have
the power to reward him by votes. Appointment
by the Mayor is the most objectionable mode.
The men called upon to perform the service have
the power to elect the Mayor, and the Mayor, in
return, has the power of paying them for their
votes.
Mr. Chairman, I am nearly brought to the close
of the few remarks I intended to submit. When
I originally undertook to explain the provisions
of this bill, this House will bear me witness that
I came forward coolly and deliberately to explain
these provisions. No particle of passion, no in-
dication of excitement, was manifested upon my
part. I was content to relate simply the provis-
ions of the bill, and to call upon the House from
a sense of duty to carry these pro visions into effect.
I desired to appeal to no party spirit at all, and
I appealed to no excited feeling upon the part of
any member of this House. The honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr.CowiNs] rose in
his place, and immediately launched out into a
boisterous discussion of party politics. He felt
it to be his duty, after discussing the question of
police, to arraign and denounce the President of
the United States, to arraign and denounce the
Cabinet of the President, to denounce them as rot-
ten and untrustworthy, to denounce and threat-
en the Supreme Court of the United States; to
make palpable allusion to the venerable Chief
Justice of this country; to denounce 
Mr. COMINS. I beg to correct the gentleman
from Virginia. In speaking against this bill, I
made no allusion to the Supreme Court of the
United States, or to the venerable Chief Justice
of that court. I said justice was at fault in this
city through the inefficiency of the criminal court
of this District, more than from the remissness
of the police in the discharge of their duties. I
in no way assailed Judge Crawford, but alluded
to the inefficiency of his court. Neither did I al-
lude to the Cabinet of the President; but I did
allude to his administration.
Mr. GOODE. I beg pardon of the gentleman;
I thought he or some of his compeers made allu-
sion to the decision in the Dred Scott case. I then
absolve the gentleman. I absolve him quo ad hoc;
i but by his own confession he alluded to the court
| of this District. He assailed the criminal court
; of the District of Columbia, and indelicately al-
j luded, by name, to the honorable gentleman who
: presides in that court; he introduced him to the
| observation of the country by name. That is to
| be found in his printed speech. Not only in the
1 heat of debate, but deliberately in publishing his
remarks, he introduced the name of Judge Craw-
ford to the animadversion of the American peo-
ple. I have no personal acquaintance with Judge
Crawford. He has not approached me, or placed
me in possession of any facts, in order to make
his defense here to-day. But other gentlemen,
disconnected with him in party politics, men of
undoubted standing, men at the head of the bar,
have felt it their duty to wait upon me to show me
that I was authorized to introduce that gentleman
| here as an amiable man, an accomplished gentle-
| man, and a pure, just, and upright, judge. That
. is the testimony ©f men opposed to him in poli-
| tics, of men whose good opinion is worth culti-
vating by all gentlemen. And when the grave
closes over him, his memory will be revered in
this community.
Gentlemen refer to the case of a member of Con-
gress who was tried here for murder a few years
! since, and who was acquitted. It was far from
i my purpose to bring that matter into this discus-
sion. No man could have regretted the occur-
rence more than the unfortunate gentleman him-
self—no one more than his intimate friends. But,
sir, he committed himself to the laws of his coun-
try, and that country declared him entitled to an
acquittal, and he was accordingly discharged. I
understand that the ruling of the judge, on that
occasion, was that in a case of mutual combat,
where the jury believe that the circumstances were
such as to justify the prisoner in a well-grounded
apprehension that his own life was imperiled, or
that he was in danger of great bodily harm, ho-
micide is justifiable. I hold that to be the law in
most of the States of this Confederacy. I believe
that that has been decided years ago as the law.
Other gentlemen have followed the gentleman
from Massachusetts in the bitter war of politics..
I do not propose to follow them. They may be
satisfied with the exhibition they have made of
themselves. I leave them to enjoy that satisfac-
tion. I call upongentlemen to rise superior to the
little views and dissensions of party and to dis-
charge their duty to the country and the Consti-
tution.
For myself, I will say, that I have, perhaps, as
little personal interest in the passage of this bill
as any member of the House. I am rarely abroad
under circumstances of exposure, and besides, 1
feel always safe in the security of my own heart.
Mr. CDMINS. Is amendment now in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
on the amendment of the gentleman from Vii-
