mm
the vmmmmmmm olore.
Juii6 4,
toed the papers of Frederick Smith, of Pennsylvania, re-
port:
That they have examined the same, and that the petition-
er alleges that'he enlisted into the service of the United"
Stales as a private fn tffe company of Captain W, H. Irwin,
of the eleventh infantry; in the month of May, 1846"; that
on th.e 11th day of June, 1847, he was wornided at the Na-
tional Bridge, in Mexico, -by a slug, which entered the left
Side of his head, and became "imbedded between the ex-
t«rnai and internal jjJates of the cranium, near the posterior
margin of the left parietal bonesaid ball or slug was ex-
tracted on the 5th of May, 1836.
John J. Morks, who signs himself M. D., swears to the
character of the wound, and to the fact of his having per-
formed the operation by which the ball was extracted.
Captain William H. Irwin,under whomhe served,swears
that Smith was wounded while in the line of his duty.
The committee report a bill granting relief, at the rate of
four dollars per month, from the 1st February, 1858.
• Mr, CLAY. I wish to make this remark about
all these claims: if they were entitled to a pen-
sion, they could get it without appealing to Con-
gress; but they cannot make the proof that would
be required in'any court of justice to establish
their claim, and that is required at the Pension
Office; and, to supply the deficiencies of proof,
they appeal to Congress.
The bill was passed over.
DAVID WATSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 535) for the relief of David Wataon.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of David Watson, of Georgia, upon the
list of invalid pensioners, at (lie rate of four dol-
lars per month, to commence on the 15th of Feb-
ruary, 1858, and continue during his natural life.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object to that bill.
The bill was passed over.
WILLIAM HEINE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. ft. No. 219)
for the relief of William Heine, artist in the Ja- j
pan expedition. j
It provides that there be paid to William Heine, |
artist of the late Japan expedition under Com- ;
modore Perry, compensation at the rate of $1,800 !
per annum during tne time he was actually cm- :
ployed in that service; but the amount already
paid him as master's mate on that expedition is ,
to be deducted therefrom. '
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
HENRY OTINDORF.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 94) for the re-
lief of Henry Orndorf, w.as considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Postmaster General to revise
and adjust the account of the Department with
Henry Orndorf, for mail service on route No.
9157, from Zanesville to Columbus, Ohio, and to i
allow him full pay for the service, the same as if :
iiis bid had been tor service six times a week, as
required by the advertisement, instead of daily j
service. :
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to that. i
" Mr. WILSON. And I object. _ ;
Mr. PUGH. His merely to correct a mistake.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw my objection, if
that is all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us hear the report 1
read.
_ Mr. PUGH. The proposition was for a mail
six times a week; and the party, under a mistake,
bid for a daily mail, which included Sunday, and
these fines are for that Sunday, when the Depart- ,
mcnt really had no service for him to peiform.
Mr. FESSENDEN, 1 want to hear the report
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The Committee on the I'o-u Office and Po-t Roads. t>  \vhon>
was referred the. petition ot' Henry Orndoi f, or' Ohio, n-pott:
That it appears from the papers fried in tin* ease that
Geoige Manvilie conti.ieK'd to cany the United
from Zanei-vjlle to Cohm.lntc Ohio, (hemgroute No yj,Yi.)
daily, fiom July 1. 1S.36, t'>.hm<x i50, IS30. The mail was
rarned mx tune.* a week, ami <t deduction was made hy the
3). paitmcnt f'oi deficiency ol r-eiwte. the Depnitinent in-
ei-ting that the wotd diilr,in thoeontiact. teijuired service j
seven days caeh week. The contractor, on the other hand,
alleged that Sunday service was not wanted, ami that his 1
intention, when ho made lus hid, was tor sejvtee times
a week. The Department did nor allege that Sunday ser-
vice wa-5 wanted on the loute, but as the contract calls for
daily s£-i vice, the Department had no alternative but to
make the proportional deduction fiomthe pay.
In May. 1857, George Manviile tran<t'en«d" Iiis contract
to Henry Orndorf, to take effect from Apiil 1, JbjT. 5
The Department continued to deduct £'53 30 pes quarter
from the pay for the failure of the Sunday trip,,the whole
pay as per contract being $1,495 a year. Mr. Orndorf re-
monstrated with the Department. Unasserted that it was
nbt the intention, when the bid was made, to run more
than six times a week, and that the postmasterstm the route
would neither receive or deliver the mail on Sunday.
Mr. Orndorf, failing to convince the Post Office Depart-
ment, applies-to Congress, and the matter has been care-
fully examined by your committee.
It appears from the papers before the committee that the
advertisement issued by the Department was tor mail ser-
vice upon route 9157 three times a week and six times a
week, and that the bidder used the term daily, as per the
advertisement of the Department. This shows, to the satis-
faction of your committee, that the bidder supposed he was
bidding for daily service during the business portion of the
week. To corroborate this view of the case, there are
among the papers the affidavits of those conversant with the
facts, that such was the understanding of the bidder when
his bid was made out.
It is proper to add that it appears from the papers in the
case that 11 had not been customary to have Sunday service
on the loute, and that neither the interests of the Depait-
ment nor the public required it.
Your committee, theiefore, come to the conclusion that
Henry Orndorf is entitled to full pay, and they have accoid-
mgly reported a joint resolution to that effect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am satisfied.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOHN DEARMIT.
The bill (H. R. No. 492) for the relief of John
i Dearmit was considered as in Committee of the
i Whole.
! It directs the Postmaster General to pay to John
Dearmit the sum of $995, in addition to the amount
! already paid him by the Government, under his
contract for carrying the mail upon route No.
| 1601, from July 1, 1844, for four years.
I The bill was reported to the Senate without
i amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
I third time, and^jiasswd.
1 STUCKEY AND ROGERS.
i The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
j proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 493)
| for the relief of Stuckey & Rogers,
i It. instructs the Postmaster General to pay to
i Stuckey & Rogers, mail contractors on route No.
; G078 from Wmsboro' to Pinckneyvitle, in .South
i Carolina, at the rate of $333 per annum, for the
; transpoitution of the mails on that route; deduct-
i ing therefrom whatever payments may have been
! made, at the rate of $138 per annum, by the Post
I Office Den ai tment.
j The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
HENRY KING.
The next, bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
II, No. 45JG) for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Henry King, deceased.
It directs the. Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the legal representative of Henry King the
sum of #1,817 36, it being for his services in the
third Maryland regiment, and in the commissary
department, during the revolutionary war.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that.
The bill was passed over.
GEORGE H. IICnVELt.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 510) for the relief of George H. Howell.
It directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to pay to Dr. George H. Howell, an
assistant surgeon m the Navy of the United States,
the increased pay attaching to his increased rank
as assistant surgeon, from the commencement of
i his increased rank to the time of the actual issue
j of his commission from the Navy Department,
i Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that bill. HcwAnts
; pay before he gets his office.
j the bill was passed over.
! ROSWELL MINARD.
i The bill (H. R. No. 336) for the relief of Ros-
wcll Minard, father of Theodore Minard, de-
, ccased, was considered as in Committee of the
i Whole.
1 It provides that the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office shall issue to Roswell Minard,
the father of Theodore Minard, deceased, a war-
, rant for one hundred and sixty acres of land, in
j Hen of bounty land warrant No. 34,734, hercto-
■ fore issued to Theodore Minard, deceased, and
! when so issued it shall be in all respects of the
same effect as the warrant No. 34,754 would
have been had it been issued to Roswell Minard;
but the Commissioner of the General Land Office
is to be satisfied that Roswell Minard is the father
of Theodore Minard, deceased; that Theodore
Minard died without leaving a wife or lawful chil-
dren; and thatTheodore Minard neverassigned or
transferred the bounty land warrant. The Com-
missioner of the General Land Office is to be au-
thorized to institute legal proceedings, in such
manner as he may deem proper, to vacate the patent
issued upon the last mentioned bounty land war-
rant to recover the land embraced in that patent,
for the benefit of the United States, or for such
other relief as he may deem suited to the case,
and to cause the person or persons guilty of for-
ging the assignment of the bounty land warrant,
and all persons criminally connected with the for-
gery, or of uttering or passing the forged assign-
ment, to be prosecuted for such offense; the lawful
expenses of which legal proceedings and prosecu-
tions are to be paid for by the Secretary of the
Treasury,
Mr. PUGH. That appears to have general
provisions in it: I should like to hear the report.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is no general pro-
vision in the bill. It is the case of a man whose
warrant has been located by the Land Office on a
forged transfer. They tell him that they cannot
give him a right to his land, because it has been
divested by a forgery. The committee say, the
Government must retrace its own wrong, and give
him his land, and sue the man who has posses-
sion of it under the forged transfer.
Mr. STUART. I know we cannot debate this
question; but.there is a part of this case which I
do not like at all. A man that is in possession,
an honest purchaser of the land under a forged
assignment with which he has had no connection,
should not lose the land. *
M r. BENJAMIN. The Senator is mistaken.
This bill simply provides that Government shall
give the heirs of this soldier his bounty land. The
answer made at the Land Office is, we have al-
ready given his bounty land to somebody else,
on a forced assignment of the warrant.
Mr. STUART. The first part of the bill I am
for; but it goes on further to provide that the
Government shall oust the man in possession
under the forged assignment. That I do not think
ought to prevail.
Mr. BENJAMIN. As a matter of course, if
the party in possession is innocent he will retain
his land.
Mr. PUGH. I would rather the second sec-
tion of the bill were stricken out.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to its
being stricken out. '
Mr. PUGH. That will give the party all he
claims. The prosecution will cost more than
twice the value of the land. I move to strike out
the second section of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The amend-
ment was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to
be read a third time. The bill was read the third
time, and passed.
MOTION TO RECONSIDER—MRS. JONES.
Mr. TOOMBS. While I was out, a bill was
passed granting a pension to the widow of Gen-
eral Roger Jones, on a bad principle. I move to
reconsider it; and I should like to hear from the
committee some reason for it. I ask that the
motion to reconsider be agreed to at once.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to debate the motion
to reconsider; and I suppose it will go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair thinks that, under the gen-
eral order, all bills that lead to debate must go
over to-day.
Mr. TOOMBS. After a bill has been passed,
and the question is on reconsidering?
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose to debate that.
Mr. TOOMBS. The motion?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not under the rule.
Whenever the passage, of a bill is objected to, or
gives rise to debate, it is to pass over; but here a
oill was passed sub 6ilentlo. It escapcd notice. I
want to put it where it was before its passage.
This has brought debate on its passage.
Mr. HAMLIN. I bog the Senator's pardon.
It did not bring any debate on its passage; but he
proposes now to reconsider it, anil I notify him
that I want to debate that proposition.
