586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
commissions in his own behalf, while his compet-
itor was here in Washington! It was denied here
yesterday, after a fashion, that he so intended, or
that he so understood it; but the fact stands out
on the face of the papers, it appears on the applica-
tion of the sitting member for further time.
Was there not then room for a doubt as to the
true construction of this act in regard to the privi-
leges of the parties? I show you that the contestant
construed it at that time in one way. I show you
that I myself now, with all the lights before me,
construe it as he did then. I differ with the com-
mittee in their construction of the law. I am not
alone. A number of lawyers in this House differ
with the committee in their construction of the
law. Mr. Campbell differed with them in that
construction. Wilhnot the fact that the sitting
member was here, engaged in his legitimate du-
ties, added to the fact that there was a doubt as
to the privilege under the law, weigh with this
House, on the application for further time to take
testimony? Shall these facts have no force in the
settlement of the question as to what, under the
circumstances of the case, was due diligence?
. But it is asked, why did not Mr. Campbell go
on and take his testimony, as he proposed to do,
after the sixty days had expired? Am I asked
that question by lawyers ? Am I asked that
question by men who pretend that they intend to
do justice? Will you require of a man that he
shall do that which the law prohibits? Will you,
when he comes forward here to address himself
to yourlegaldiseretion, set down against him the
fact that he did not do what you know would
have been foolishly done, if done at all, and when
done, would have been worth nothing? I think
that the contestant was right in the reply which
he gave to Mr. Campbell. He said:
"By the statute, the period for taking testimony is ex-
pressly limited to 'sixty days' from the seivice of the an-
swer. You were in Congress when the act passed, and are
presumed to know that you were equally bound with my-
self to close the testimony vvithm that period.
" The ' practice' you allege of taking testimony after the
sixty days, notwithstanding the statute, cannot be very in-
veterate, sincethe act was not passed till March, 1851 ; nor
do I think that, at so early a day, practice will prevail against
the express words of the statute, which declares that' no
testimony shall be taken.'
u As to your notion that this language ivS ' directory only,'
I have to say that J can well understand how an affirmative
provision in the statute may sometimes, under stress of judi-
cial pressure, tie held 'dueetory,'and non-compliance ex-
cused; hut I have yet to loam how a provision OA'pie^ly
negative* was ever or can be in like mannei interpreted.
'TJiou shalt not steal,' is, I take it, strictly prohibitory
This conclusion of the contestant is a sound
position, and indicates a proper interpretation of
the law. It was conclusive on Mr. Campbell. I
could have added another proposition. It is, that
if Mr. Campbell had subjected himself to the
expense of going on to take testimony after that
answer of the contestant, such testimony could
not have been read here for any purpose to affect
the rights or the interests of this contestant. Ail
that the astute gentlemen who argue on the other
side of the case would have then been required
to do, would have been to rise in their places and
say that that testimony was worth nothing. The taking
of it was prohibited by laio, and if the witnesses had
sworn falsely, they could not have been indicted or
convicted of perjury. Therefore, had their affida-
vits been produced, they could not have been read
here for any purpose.
That is explanation enough why Mr. Campbell
did not go forward and take proof in the time that
intervened after the expiration of the sixty days
and before the session of Congress. We must
say, as a court, not only that such taking would
have been useless, but that the other party in the
case expressly put his veto upon the proposi-
tion to go on with the taking of the testimony.
He indicated to Mr. Campbell that the taking of
it would be useless, because he interposed a legal bar
to its future use. Ah, but, say gentlemen, why-
did he not go forward and do it in order to exhibit
to us the substance of what he could prove ? For the
simple reason that, in the eye of the law, it would
nothaveexhibitedf/ie$it&staM<jfi,ttor even the shadow
of a substance. Because, the answer would have
been made that it was good for nothing; that it
was ex parte; that it was not only ex parte, but was
denounced by the law; that although the men who
made the statements had gone forward and sworn
to them before a magistrate, yet, being prohibited
bylaw, it was not testimony, and could not be so re-
garded; and you would then have been called upon,
by these close cpnstructionists, not to permit such
testimony to be read herefvr any purpose whatever.
" Why did not Mr. Campbell, then, appeal to
this House at an early day of this session ?" We
met here on the 7th of December. The contest-
ant's memorial was filed on the 14th of December.
The testimony was sent to the Comfhittee of
Elections after its constitution, and it had not
been printed, as I understand, until about the pe-
riod when the recess occurred at Christmas. But
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phillips]
said: " What is that to us? Mr. Campbell knew
what that testimony was, and knew to what extent
he was interested in it. Why did he not come for-
ward before the House?" I ask any member of
this body, of any experience, if he will not re-
spond affirmatively to the proposition that, when
the memorial was referred to the Committee of
Elections, and before that committee had had any
opportunity of learning anything whatever in re-
gard to it, if Mr. Campbell was not right in not
making any movement in the case till the com-
mittee had had an opportunity of seeing the tes-
timony? Was it not a matter of courtesy due to
the committee, as well as a matter of right, that he
should not have so abruptly moved in the mat-
ter ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I be°; to say that the testi-
mony was printed on the 16th of December, one
week before the House adjourned for the recess.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I under-
stand that the memorial of the contestant was filed
on the 14th of December.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The whole of it was printed
on the 16th of December—the memorial and the
testimony. I ascertained that yesterday, and so
stated the fact.
Mr. TRIPPE. The memorial was filed De-
cember 16, 1857, referred to the Committee of
Elections, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The memo-
rial was filed and referred on the 14th. We were
to adjourn on the 23d of December. Here, then,
were seven days between the time when the me-
morial was filed and the time when this House
adjourned over till the 4th of January. 1 ask the
gentlemen of that side of the House whether,
under the law of Congress, you intend, in all
cases, to lay down the line so strictly as to make this
question of due diligence strike within seven days ?
Why will you do so in this case, while at the
other wing of the Capitol, in the case of the con-
tested seats of the two Senators from Indiana,
who belong to your party, you give two years to
take testimony? Let as act fairly. Let us settle
this as a court, not as partisans. Is it right that
while, at the other wing of the Capitol, you con-
strue this law so as to give these Senators a right
to go on from session to session taking proof,
you shall restrict a party here within seven days ?
And let me here remark, that, in the contested
election case of Allen and Archer, decided by the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, the Committee of Elec-
tions gave further time for testimony, without re-
ferring; the question to the House. And in this
case, Mr. Campbell may well have supposed that
the matter would properly come before the com-
mittee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
is mistaken.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am told
that I am mistaken; but, if I have made a mis-
take, I have done so on the faith of the Clerk of
this House—who was then the sitting member—
who, no longer ago than this morning, told me
the fact as I have stated it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man from Kentucky will allow me a single re-
mark, I will state precisely what was the fact.
Certain testimony was produced by the contest-
ant and laid before the committee, to which the
sitting member objected. It was stated that the
notice was served when he was here at Washing-
ton, and that he had not a proper and sufficient
opportunity to be present and cross-examine the
witnesses. The committee differed with him,
however; they considered the notice sufficient; he
then asked that he should have time to examine
those witnesses. Owing to this fact, as stated by
him, the committee then understood that he de-
sired an opportunity to cross-examine these wit-
nesses; and they also understood from the con-
testant that he desired an opportunity of taking
the testimony over again. With that understand-
ing, the committee said to the parties, " if you
take this testimony, we will receive it."
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the gentleman if that
was not done at the instance and by the consent
of the parties, and not in the exercise of their
power as a committee of the H-ouse?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man from Maine makes the explanation which
answers the question of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. It shows the fact that what was done
was done by the committee without consulting the
House. What was done by the Committee of Elec-
tions in the case of Archer and Allen might have
been done in this case; and the subject of granting
additional time Mr. Campbell might well have
supposed would not be made a proposition before
the House. And, therefore,prior to the time fixed
by the committee for taking up the Ohio contested
election, Mr. Campbell may very well have con-
cluded that it was not his business to bring the
matter ofthis special application before the House,
I understand that when he left here it was the
understanding that his case would not be taken up
before the recess; and that if it was taken up aftei-
wards before his return, he should, by telegraph,
be notified of the fact. It is a fact that bv tele-
graph he was notified; that he left a sick family
and hurried here, where he found his case already-
pending. He then presented some questions as to
the admissibility ®f testimony, in the nature- of
exceptions to the testimony which had been filed;
and I understand that the committee determined
they would not hear exceptions to the admissibility of
testimony until they came to a final heating of the cwf,
whtn they would decide on everything at the mme
time.
Now, I apprehend that this determination of
the committee, that exceptions which had been
taken to depositions which were befoie them
should not be heard in the progress of the case,
and the possibility of the case being decided upon
hearsay testimony, put Mr. Campbell on his e;uard,
and admonished him that, if he would have his
rights properly represented, he must have addi-
tional testimony before the committee at their final
hearing of the case. If the committee decided to
reject what he considered illegal testimony, he
was ready to submit his case to the committee  s
it stood; but he thought it would not be safe to
those whose rights he represents until he knew
! the character of the evidence to be used against
him in the investigation. Unsuccessful before the
committee in obtaining the preliminary decision
j he sought, he then comes before this House upon
: this state of facts, with the declaration which he
i has made here, to wit:
" I veuly believe that, if this application is granted, I «hrU
be able to show to the entire satisfaction of tin; l!nu«o. !>v
legal testimony, that my election was a fair and
I tion, and that it illegal votes may have been ca-t noip i!le-
1 gal votes were castloi Ihe contcMaut than foi m\>-r!t II: v-
i ing had no fair opportunity ot vindicating my and tli«
lights of my constituents m tile premise-., this application
is? lespeetlully submitted.1'
| That, sir, has all the dignity of an affidavit. It
, is the statement of a member of this LIoum1, on
honor as a Representative, in a matter pending
here judicially. But my colleague [Mr. Steven-
son] says this application ought to fail, because
it is not accompanied by the affidavits of the wit-
nesses, showing what they can prove if they \Vere
examined.
Mr. STEVENSON. I made no such state-
ment. I understand my colleague to assume the
position, that upon the mere statement of the party
that he expects to prove facts, without staling
what he expects to prove or the witnesses that
he relies on, such an application should bu gran ted.
What I said was, that if you move to set aside
a judgment, the facts the affiant expects to prove
must be stated; and if you make application for
a continuance, then the applicant must state the
facts he expects to prove, the names of the wit-
nesses, and the reasons why he makes the appli-
cation.
Mr.MARSHALL,of Kentucky. Itis ju&tns I
supposed, except that the gentleman hasprobabi/
mistaken the position he occupied here, tic cer-
tainly would not draw an illustration in this place
from what a man should do who applies to a court
which has rendered the judgment. Mr. Campbell is
not here applying as one against whom judgment
has already been rendered upon the merits oi the
question. He applies for time to prepare for a
hearing on the me) its, and that application ia ad-
