1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1678
engaged in the arrest of fugitive slaves. What
have we to do with that? Is it the duty of Con-
gress to undertake to prescribe in advance the oc-
casion upon which these men will be called upon
to act? We provide for a police force. It is the
duty of the magistrates and the judges to control
the manner in which that force is to be employed.
1 trust the committee will reject the amendment.
The question recurring on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Giddings,
Mr- LOVEJOY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. jEWETTand
Lovejoy were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 64, noes 89.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Millson's amend-
ment.
Mr. MILLSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millson and
Bilungiiurst were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 81, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I desire to offer an
amendment in line eleven.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to offer an
amendment, to come in in the second line, after the
word " Washington," so as to extend the opera-
tions of the bill to the District of Columbia.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I perceive that the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, as
proposed by him, would come m before my amend-
ment in the order of the text, and if I do not lose
the advantage of the proposition already made by
mu in the shape of an amendment, I will yield to
him.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman with-
draws his amendment, he can offer it subsequently.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
the amendment last adopted, by inserting after
the word " Washington," in the second line, (he
words, " and any law for the preservation of the
peace and good order of the said city, and m the
District of Columbia."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
hardly m order now to amend that amendment, as
it has been adopted, and is now part of the text of
the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose to amend
the text as amended.
The CHAIRMAN. It would have been in
order before the vote was taken on the adoption of
the amendment; but now that it has been adopted,
it is no! m order to insert anything more.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 was told other-
wise a while ago.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not awjre
that he told t he gentleman otherwise. The section
is open to amendment; but no part of it is which
the committee have incorporated into the section.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirgmia. Well, do 1 under-
stand that I cannot get a proposition in to extend
tins auxiliary guaid to the Distnctof Columbia?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
the gentleman could get it in in another part of
the bill, but he could not get it in in this amend-
ment which has been adopted.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I now move to
strike out m the eleventh line, after the word
" time,5' the words " when specially ordered to
do so," so that the text will read", "to serve
dusing the night and in the day-time."
The reason of this, Mr. Chairman, is obvious.
If we are to institute a police, their obligation
should be as broad as their duty, and the obliga-
tion should not be limited, by the act which
appoints tiif-m, to serve during the night, and in
the day-time wh< n specially ordered to do so. I
would provide that they should do their duty at
all times, night and day, whether specially or-
dered to do so or not.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to strike
from the first section the words, " and the cap-
tains, lieutenants, and men, shall be appointed by
the chief, with the approval of the Secretary of
the Interior, and may be dismissed l>y the chief
at Ins pWiSLirc. or upon the order of the said Sec-
retary," and m lieu thereof to insert as follows:
t!ic oantam*. lientcmm*. nail ire :i, bo ap-
poe.iul i.\ >i bv.tid <>;• huioby CHMtnl ami
established, for the purposes herein named, to consist of
the Mayor of Washington, the district attorney of the Dis-
tuct of Columbia, and the martini of the said District,, and
may be dismissed by baid commissioner?, but only lor c'au&e
ehown on due notice to the delinquent, arid after trial be-
fore them; such proceedings and to be subiect,
aevertheJe&s, to the leview and approval of the Secretary
of the Interior.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment proposes a rad-
ical change in the features and the principle of
the bill. As it stands, the appointment of the
chief is vested in the hands of the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, and the appointment of the cap-
tain, lieutenants, and men, is remotely vested in
the same authority, although specifically confided
to the chief—the chief, in fact, owing his appoint-
ment to the President of the United States. In
my judgment, the men who arc to be appointed
by the chief, and dismissed by him at his pleasure,
will become the subservient tools of that chief; and
the chief himself must necessarily become an arbi-
trary autocrat; and in such case the conservation of
the lives and property of the citizens of Washing-
ton, and of ourselves, must necessarily be made
dependent upon the will and pleasure, the neglect
or care, of the chief, who has his appointment at
the hands of the President. I deem this a radical
defect, and I have endeavored to cure that defect
by the amendment, which provides that, the chief
being appointed by the President, the captains,
lieutenants, and men shall he appointed by a
board of commissioners, and that that board of
commissioners shall be constituted of offices m
the District of Columbia, who most probably
would be most familiar with the wants of the Dis-
trict, and the proper character of the men to be
selected to supply those want*; and, in another
respect, it would be exceedingly unjust and im-
proper that these men should be dismissed at the
pleasure and arbitrary will of the chief, who might
be a political partisan. It is too dangerous and
too extensive a power to vest in the hands of any
man. These men thus selected should hold then-
places for life, or during good behavior, and should
be displaced only after trial had, upon notieegiven,
and judgment pronounccd, and that judgment of
the board of commissioners should be subject to
the approval of the Secretary of the Interior. I
think, sir, in all earnestness and sincerity, that if
this feature is given to this bill it will be relieved, ,
in a great measure, of the objections urged to it.
Mr. BURNETT. I am m favor of the pas-
sage of a police bill, but I desire thatit shall first
be perfected It strikes me, however, that if the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from New
York be adopted, it will render the provisions of
the bill totally inefficient. He proposes to allow
the President to appoint the chief, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate. He is will-
ing to lodge that power m the Executive, and lie
then proposes that the men shall be appomu d by
a board of commissioners to he composed of the
Mayor, the district attorney, and the marshal of
this District. What is the object of a chief ? That
there shall be a head to direct and control this
police force and their operation m securing peace
and good order to this city. By this amendment
that power is taken from him, and the one hun-
dred men ore appointed by an independent and
distinct board of commissioners. What will be
the result? You place this chief at the head of
this police force; you compel him to see that they
rnforce the laws and preserve good order; and yet
you deprive him of the only guarantee he has for
the execution of his wishes in that lespect—you
lodge the power of appointment, not in him, but
in another, a separate and distinct board of com-
missioners, and thus, m my judgment, destroy
the efficiency of the guard altogether. Wc ha'd
better, a great deal, adopt the amendment of the _
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Liuter.] I would j
prefer that, for the reason that that proposes to i
confer upon these commissioners the entire power
of appointing, not only the men, but the chief
and the other officers. Where the board ap-
pointed the chief and the men too, the force would
be more efficient than if the chief were appointed .
by one, and the men by another. 1
The gentleman from New York [Mr. John
Cochrane] says that it is too much j ower to^plaie
in the hands of one man. Why, sir, there is not '
a head of Department under this Government that
does not exorcise more power than would this
chief of police; yet m those eases it is not re-
garded as dangerous, nor was it so regarded by
the founders of the Government. I hold that, when
you confer upon the President of the United States
the power to appoint a chief, he would appoint
a man of integrity and character, and who had
a fitness for the place; and I will say for myself
i that I have confidence enough in the President of
i any party to believe that, were this power eon-
j ferred, he would select a man who would not ex-
; hihit the qualities which the gentleman from New
j York fears so much. - -
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to ask the
gentleman whether he is not aware that the police
of New York have been appointed in a similar
method, by a board of commissioners, composed
of the Mayor, the recorder, and the city judge?
Mr. BURNETT. I do not know howthe mat-
ter works in New York; but I know this, that the
city of New York has been in a state of war about
its police for the last three years.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. But not uponlhat
question.
Mr. BURNETT. Rut it is charged that the
police of 35few York is inefficient, and does not
execute the laws; and it will be an additional
objection with me if the police of New York is
appointed in that manner. I appeal to gentlemen
upon all sides. We cannot each one of us get this
hill in a Shape to meet all our particular views. It
| is impossible. I was opposed to the amendment
1 of'the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson*.]
But every man of the committee, or at least a
majority of the committee, admit the necessity of
a police hero. The obligations upon Congress to
establish an efficient police are, in my judgment,
of the very highest character. We ought to pass
some law, and I appeal to gentlemen here not to .
put into the bill amendments which will render
the police totally inefficient. The amendment of
the gentleman from New York proposes to leave
the appointment of the chief in the hands of the
President, and then proposes to constitute aboard
of commissioners to appoint the men under him,
thus leaving the chiefentirelywithout control over
his men. It at once destroys the unity of a police
force, and, in my judgment, its efficiency.
Mr MILLSON. I move to amend theamend-
m'entof the gentleman from New York by striking
out the words " Mayor of Washington." The
committee has just determined that we ought to
establish an auxiliary guard only to aid in the
enforcement of the regulations of Washington for
the protection of life and property. What have
wc to do wuh the Mayor of Washington ? What
right have we to call upon the Mayor of Wash-
ington to aid in the execution of any of our laws?
Wc are now proceeding independently of the cor-
poration of Washington. Wc are establishing a
guard for Federal purposes, and the city of Wash-
ington is left to establish a police for their own
government. Sir, I am surprised at the sensitive-
ness manifested by gentlemen in reference to what
they suppose to be the enormous powers to be
granted to the President of the United States. It
may be that I see very incorrectly the dignity of
the occasion; but I confess I see nothing in this
I bill but a simple proposition to organize a body of
watchmen. My friend from New York, who pro-
poses this amendment, is doubtless not actuated
by those fears and apprehensions which seem to
animate some gentlemen upon the other side of
the House. Some of them objected to the power
being given to the President of the United States,
because it was too vast a power to be intrusted to
the Executive of the United States. Other gen-
tlemen objected because it was too small a power
to trouble the Executive with. They do not want
to degrade the President to the level of a poiicc
officer. I see no such enormous power given to
this superintendent of police; and yet gentlemen
seem to apprehend that the existence at Wash-
ington of this central luminary will lead to the
most fearful consequences; that this huge central
mass will attract to it the lesser orbs, the States
which are to revolve about it, and lead to a gen-
eral consolidation of our Union. Why, sir, it
may bo that the liberties of the people of the Uni-
ted States may be trampled under foot by the in-
vestment in the President of such a tremendous
power. It may be that, our Union will be' broken
into fragments, or, what perhaps is still worse,
converted into a consolidated (xovernment. It
may he that it may be far preferable that the su-
perintendent of police should be elected as the
