588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
digham; and no court of justice, not even the
humblest justice of the peace in the land, would
grant a continuance unless the party would swear
that he would prove the fact alleged. The gen-
tleman does not even state that he expects to prove
jt. This paper,purporting to be an affidavit, was
taken by the sitting member at some time, of
which the contestant knows nothing. As soon
as it was exhibited to the committee,"the contest-
ant replied to it, and alleged that the accusation
was libelous against any one who had voted for
him. Sir, I hold in my hand, but have not time
to read it, proof incontestable to show that the
contestant was right, and that the statement was
but a fabrication. Upon the bare announcement
of the statement lie was prepared to pronounce it
a libel, and here is the proof of it. This exhibit,
then, unsupported by an allegation that the sit-
ting member expects to make it appear true by
proof, amounts to nothing 111 his motion for a con-
tinuance.
I listened with attention to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Marsham.,] because, if anything
could be said on legal principles why the contin-
uance should be granted, I would be willing to
give the sitting member the benefit of it. He rests
it mainly on a construction he gives to the act of
1851: but in this he differs both with the majority
and minority of the committee, as well as with
the sitting member and the contestant. He differs
from all of them. He thinks that if the contestant
had covered the whole sixty days with his notices,
the sitting member would have been excluded from
taking testimony under the law. Well, sir, this
is a ground the sitting member does not set up
himself. He placed no such construction on the
law, and does not ask the House to do it. He un-
derstood that, while the contestant was taking tes-
timony in one place, he could be doing the same
in another; and he thus acted, lie took testimony
while the contestant was also taking testimony,
which was all right. The recoids of the commit-
tee (this document) show that he did not act upon
the principle that the gentleman is contending for,
and upon which he, has mainly rested his defense
of the motion for further tune.
Now m this connection 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of the minority of the committee to some
statements made in their report. They say here:
il Wml^t the sitlmg member—from tho cmstiuction (in
winch, liouevej, we do not coneni) winch Jt is clear to uh
both tho pamo gave to the law—u a-, only able to take tes-
timony from the nth to the sJ7th ofMau h, IH57; ami that,
nt the time tho sitting member* notice to take his testi-
mony, as alorcj-aul, was seivcd, the contestant iclused to
attend, and elainicd that he had olicady coveted this time
with /<?« notice-. ; and which latter Mutemcut is not domed
by the constant."
Sir, I call upon every member of that minority,
I cull on James Wilson, Ezra. Ci.ark, Israel
Washburn, and John A. (Jilmkr.— 1 call upon
them collectively and individually to make good
this statement. I ask them to show the evidence
oil which it is clear to them that both parties gave
this construction to the law ? or that either of them
did? Where is there one particle of evidence here
that the contestant at any time disputed the right
of the sitting member to take testimony if he saw
fit within the sixty days, though he was taking
testimony at the same time at a different place?
Where is there any evidence that the sitting mem-
ber doubted his right to take testimony at any time
by giving the proper notice, though the contest-
ant was at the same time taking testimony at a
different [dare?
Mr. GILMEit. The gentleman from Georgia
will permit me to draw to his attention the fact,
that Mr. Campbell, in his applications for a con-
tinuance foi testimony, states that Mr. Yallan-
digham declared that Mr Campbell bad no right
to rake testimony whilst he was taking his testi-
mony; and that he (Mr. Vallandigham) actually
declined to attend and cross-examine.
To this application of Mr. Campbell, the con-
testant filed a very particular answer, as long as
a spell of sickness, answering and arguing in lull
in reply, but failed to deny these two statements
in the application, fie simply denies that he gave
his notices with the view of preventing Campbell
from taking testimony.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Why, Mr.
Speaker, it is strange that the gentleman should
entertain or enter into any such delusion. Mr.
Campbell does not state that Mr. Vallandigham
declared any such thing. lie says he was in-
formed that Mr. Vallandigham claimed the right
to occupy all the time. This Mr. Vallandigham
denies. How could Mr. Vallandigham give such
construction to the law when, by the very record
before the committee, it appears that Mr. Camp-
bell served him with a notice to take testimony on
the 7th of March, and two days after that, on the
9th of March, he served Campbell withanotice to
take testimony during the same time, at another
place or before another tribunal? How can he
have been assisting in such a construction as you
say, when the record show s that he acted directly
in the teeth of it? But, Mr. Speaker, I asked for
the evidence to sustain this statement of the com-
mittee. I ask the Clerk to read an extract from
Mr. Vallandigham's reply to Mr. Campbell's
statement.
The Clerk read the extract as follows:
" fti< asserted in the application that forty ofthe sixty days
vveie ' coveied' by me in taking testimony m Butlei county.
" I replv, ih-st, that it \ had chosen to consume the whole
■sixty day*in that county alone, r had the right so to do. It
would not have precluded the returned member from tak-
ing testimony in that or m any othei county, at the same
tune.'1
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Now, before
you go any further: can the Committee of Elec-
tions want any clearer denial than the paper m
their own hands? How can any gentleman of the
minority of the committee rise and make good
a statement that it is evident to them that both
parties gave that construction to the law? Does
not the contestant distinctly state that he had the
right to take testimony on every one ofthe sixty
days? And that the sitting member had the same
and equal right?
Mr. GILMER. He states it now as a matter
of aigument; but he has not denied that he pre-
viously s:ave the law that construction.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. How could he
have given that construction when he acted dif-
ferently, as 1 have stated and shown? [To the
Clerk.j Read on.
The Clerk read as follows, from Mr. Vallan-
digham 's letter:
"Second, that, in point of fact, only nventv-eight of the
foity day.-, weie actually occupied, and many of these only in
pari.
l' It is a ^ci ted th.it twelve of thei^ ^aine foity days weie
'covered' I4' nutice^ lot jWontL'omeiy county iil.-o.
" 1 answej thai, lor rite je.t-ou heieiiialfer aligned, but
two days weie occupied undei tho notices icfened to. [Test-
imony l.>.J
'• Complaint is made that notices were served tn Hamil-
ton at the leunned member's hoiii-e, it bemgthen in chaige
of a coluied servant
" \ ansvvei, liift. that the retui tied member had in Wash-
ington relu.sed to accept p'-ii-ona! scivioe of 'lie notice
pieceding the one now complained ot, | te-aii..ony 10 ;] sec-
ond, that (.'ongi ess had adjoin tied at the date of the service,
[March 9, 1857;] thud, that the notice was seived at his
usual place of lesidence, as piovidcd foi by the statute;
lbuith, that his count-el appealedatul crosvCMuniin'il every
witness.
'• It is averted that' severitv-tluee day* would ?ecm to be
occupied by the oonie^t.mi coitum-wons \\ irbm the " sixty
dav-.'1 provided In law; 'and to make up the^e sev«nty-thiue
<ia\s, (he five wherein I was piecludeil by statute liom
taking any ushmony an- reckoned.
" Without commciumgon the smgulai di-iingenuoiK-ness,
m this and in othei lespec.ts, of this calculation,! answer:
1. That the taking ot testimony on my behalf commenced
on the 2d of Februaiy and closed on the :2cih ot March, a
period ot ju-t fifty-five <i,\y>.—two da\< only ot the time tor
the county of Rutler bemg occupied in Monfjomeiy; and,
■2. That thus the very diligence of the contestant is made
an argument agaui-jt bun, upon an application by the le-
tuined member for leave to avoid the icsuIh. a-, he insists,
of ins own gioss negligence, i f strict law is to pievail here,
a= is claimed by his counsel, upon othei point*, I respect-
fully locur to that ancient and \vist> nia\im ot both equity
and law, ri i!antibu$< non dorimcntilu-i^ succurril lex.
<• It is asseited, oi insinuated, upon the authoiitycw/us<to:m
t'znoti, that mypuiposc, in suiving the notice m this con-
test, was to prevent the leturned member from taking any
testimony at all.
•' I meet this by aflat denial. Jitit five notices, in all, to
take testimony weie served; one of them he icfuscd to
accept; another was simply a h.-t of Witnesses, as leqmied
by the statute; and two of them were abandoned, leaving
just two umlei which testimony was fully taken.
" The construction of the statute is obviou?, and tho re-
turned menibei acted upon Has coiistiued by the committee
but a few days a^o. 1 add, that m this, ns tn other in-
stances; there 'would ^eem' to he a studied efioi t to represent
me as unfair and disingenuous thion^hout this contest. Of
the justice of these insinuations, and the delicacy ofintio-
j ducing them here, I leave tne committee and those who
| know me best to judge."
1 Mr. WILSON. I understand the gentleman
j from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] to challenge the
1 minority of the Committee of Elections, individ-
j ually and collectivcly, to answorhis question; and
, lie refers to the argument of Mr. Vallandigham,
! os read from the Clerk's desk, to show that the
contestant liere does not give the construction
to the statute which we say he did. That, Mr.
Speaker, is riot the question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 do not yield '•
the floor unless the gentleman rises to answer the
question I put. My question is this: I ask the
minority of the committee to show to this House
and to the country, one -particle of evidence on %-
which their statements predicated, thatit is clear %
that both parties gave the law this construction,
or that either of them did. ;
Mr. WILSON. I will do so. It is not material
what thecontestant's construction of the law may
be now. That letter just read is a mere matter of
argument. But X refer the gentleman to page 6
of this report, where Mr. Campbell states:
" I am informed by him [his attorney] that when he served
notices contestant claimed that he had 110 right to do so, be-
cause his notices, previously served, covered the residue of
the ' sixty days,' and refused to appear and cross-examine
the witnesses."
Where was this? In Ohio. Not here in the
committee room. Not since the commencement
ot'this Congress. The contestant denied that Mr.
Campbell had a right to take further testimony.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Does the gen-
tleman rend that to me as evidence?
Mr. WILSON. It has not been denied.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is denied
flatly. It is denied in the statement of the gentle-
man [Mr. Vallandigham] in his own paper, which
I have just read. It is denied by his acts; denied
by those documents that I hold, and read from a
while ago, which show that he acted inconsistently
with any such construction. What the gentleman
[Mr. Wilson] has read is the statement of the
sitting member, that his lawyer told him that Mr.
Vallandigham put such a construction on the law,
in the very teeth of the acts of Vallandigham and
of the acts of Campbell. I ask for the evidence.
Do you, as a lawyer, give me that as evidence ?
I want the evidence upon which that statement
was made.
Mr. WILSON. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Georgia as stating that the contestant
denies that he informed the attorney of Mr.
Campbell that he had no right to take this evi-
dence (
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I understand
the contestant distinctly to deny it.
Mr. WILSON. Will the contestant rise in
his place and deny it?
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM, (contestant.) I
have denied, and do deny, snaking the statement
alluded to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Sir, there is no
evidence of any such fact before the committee.
The course of the sitting member all the time is
directly inconsistent with any such construction.
We find the contestant receiving notice of Mr.
Campbell on a certain day, that he would take tes-
timony in a certain place, at a future stated time;
and we find him—two days afterward—giving no-
tice that he would take testimony before another
tribunal at the same time. Now, Mr. Speaker,
this statement says: "It is clear to us that both
parties gave to the law a construction" inconsist-
ent with their acts. And what I say is, that there
is nota particle of evidence that either of them did.
The evidence, as far as it covers any construction,
is that neither of them did.
Now, sir, as far as I have been able to judge of
this application on its merits, it is nothing m the
world but a pretext for delay, and delay only.
What are the facts on which the showing is made?
And, first, what is the history of the contest?
The election was held on the 14th day of October,
1856. Within ten days after the returns of the
election, by the first board of canvassers, were
known, the contestant gives a notice to the sitting
member of his intention to contest, with specifica-
tions. The gentleman from Kentucky argues as
if this was a step taken prematurely. I am not
certain myself that it was. The act of 1851 says
that it shall be done within thirty days after the
board of canvassers shall have determined upon
the election. By the law of Ohio, the first board
of canvassers—the county officers—count the
votes, make out an abstract of them, and send
them up to the Governor. The contestant m this
case acted upon the presumption that this first
board of canvassers were the individuals referred
to in the act of 1831. At any rate, if he was pre-
mature, it shows that he did not intend to sleep
