1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2699
Mr. BENJAMIN. _ I make the same motion
in that case. There is an adverse report.
, The motion was agreed to*, and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
BENJAMIN WARD.
The bill (S. No. 421) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to issue a land wairant to Ben-
jamin Ward, was read a second time,and consid-
ered as? in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to issue
to Benjamin Ward, of Maine, a land warrant for
one hundred and sixty acres of land, in consider-
ation of his detention as a prisoner in the Dart-
moor prison, during a portion of the last war with
Great Britain.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any report in that
case? Why is the warrant to be £ivcn ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Several billsoT this kind
have passed for Dartmoor prisoners.
Mr. FOSTER. It stands on the same ground
as a bill which passed the Senate at the last ses-
sion, but was lost m the House of Representa-
tives, and again passed the Senate at this session,
for three individuals. It was a practice which I
found was lecognized in the Committee on Public
Lands.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
JOHN U. BARTLETT.
The next bill on the Calendar, was the bill (S.
No. 422) for the relief of John R. Bartlett.
It requires the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury Department, in the settlement of the
^accounts of John R. Bartlett, late commissioner
on the Mexican boundary, to allow and credit
him with the several items of his accounts for
moneys paid by him in the discharge of his duties
as commissioner, which have been heretofore ren-
dered to the Department, with the proper vouch-
ers, and disallowed, not exceeding m all the sum
of $4,724 39; and that the balance which shall be
found due to him after the allowance of those items,
if any, be paid.
Mr. WRIGHT. I should like to hear the re-
port in that case.
Mr. SIMMONS. The report is pretty long,
and I think I can state the facts briefly. These
are the accounts of Mr. Bartlett, who was com-
missioned to run the Mexican boundary line.
Some of the vouchers were not sworn to under
circumstances like these: he was away off in an
Indian country; and sometimes he appointed a
secretary, for instance, who happened to be a doc-
tor, as surgeon, and allowed him a certain addi-
tional sum for serving as surgeon to the corps,
lie divided the corps into two. One portion went
to the Pacific, and the other started from the Rio
Grande. The accounts appear to be all fair, and
the sums due have been paid, and the vouchers
were proper, but some of them were not sworn to.
He had no justice of the peace before whom they
could be sworn to in the Indian country. I know
the money has all been paid out by him; and it
is said by the Auditor to have been in conformity
with the allowances made to the commission that
ran the northeastern boundary.
Mv. TOOMBS. I know something of these
accounts of Mr. Bartlett, and they were very un-
satisfactory to the Government at the time. I
object to the bill, until we can look into it further.
The bill was passed over.
LEWIS W. BROADWELL.
The bill (H. R. No. 572) forthe relief of Lewis
W. Broadwell was considered, as in Committee
of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Lewis W. Broadwell the sum of $12,938, in full
compensation for transporting the United States
mails, m steamboats, from Yicksburg, Missis-
sippi, to Grand Lake, Arkansas, from the 4th of
September, 1854, to the 17th of April, 1857, at the
rate of $5,000 per annum.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to hear the report.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I can in a word state the
facts. This mail service was contracted for under
the head of the Department at $100 a week with
another contractor. After running ten or twelve
weeks, he gave it up, being unable to do the ser-
vice for the price. The contract had been made
by the local postmasters, under the instructions
cf the Postmaster General. When the contrac-
tor gave it up, the price being limited to $100 a j
month, the mail was stopped, and the local post- \
masters induccd Mr. Broadwell to carry the mail 1
on the promise that they would endeavor to get 1
him a reasonable compensation, to be approved !
by the Postmaster General. He carried the mail 1
for about two years, until the Postmaster Gen-
eral readvertised and relet the route. When that
had been done, the price was found to be $10,000
a year. The Postmaster General was applied to
for the purpose of fixing, according to the subse-
quent contract, what was a reasonable rate to Mr.
Broadwell, and he has fixed the proper rate at
the sum which the committee have reported. The
mail carried by him was not in conformity with
a contract, but it was carried without a contract
on the promise of a fair compensation, the pre-
vious contractor having abandoned the service.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. YULEE. I will state in addition, that
not being fully satisfied myself in reference to the
case, I had an interview with the Representative
in the House for that district, who communicated
to me the fact, which, at my request, he placed
in writing among the papers, that the Postmaster
General (Mr. Campbell) had agreed with him to
adopt the service, and to pay for it, but that agree-
ment was not carried into effect in consequence of
some misunderstanding on another subject.
Mr. POLK. I believe a part of this claim is
for money actually paid by this patty for the
transportation of the mail from the boat to the
post office.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate, oidered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN FERGUSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
i No. 419) for the relief of John Ferguson and
others.
Mr. WILSON. I object to that bill.
The bill was passed over.
JOHN LEE.
J The hill (II. R. No. 461) granting an invalid
pension to John Lee, of the State of Maine, was
next announced.
It provides that the name of John Lee be placed
upon the pension list of the United States, at the
; rate of ei^ht dollars, per month, from the 22d of
, December, 1857, and to continue during life,
j Mi. WRIGHT. I ask for the reading of the
! report.
: The Secretary read the following report:
i The Committee on Invalid Pen-ions, to whom was re-
j ferred the petition of John Lee foi a pension, a&k leave to
• repoit:
That said Lee, undei the name of John Richards, ti pri-
vate, enlisted into rhe service Jor the war on the M < f Feb-
ruary, 1813, m the ninth regiment of Tinted State&infantry,
and lm<i been tmeed on the rolls of his company up to the
13lh of May, S.nd Lee fought in five pitched battle^ :
Brittle ot Williamslmijr, in caid regiment, in Geneial Cpv-
mgtoti's brigade ; at Fort Erie; at Chippewa, Q,ueen town,
and Fort (Jeorafe; at Budgewafci, or Luiuiy's L.ine ; the
t-iege of Foit Erie, which lasted fifty or sixty days; and wa«
in the light when Fort Erie was blown up, and at the some
near said foit when the enemy's batteries were taken and
blown up by the American ibices. It turther appears, that
m said ninth regiment, at said battle ofLund.v's Lane, that
all of said Lee's company, with the exception of himself and
one other private, were either killed, wounded, oi left the
field before the t<'imination of eaid battle. Fioin the proof
it (nither appears that at said brittle, and m the night time,
he was hit by a musket ball m the left shoulder and badly
uiiuied; thai in consequence of .-aid injur) his left arm and
hand have become aluio-t disabled For the foregoing lea-
t,ons the committee believe the .sud John Lee justly entitled
to the relief praved lor, and repoit the accompanying bill,
and recommend tiiat the same pusd.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am satisfied.
Mr. CLAY. I object to it.
The bill was passed over.
K. F. BLOCKER AND OTHERS.
The next bill on the Calendar wos the bill (S.
No. 425) for the relief of R. F. Blockei, E. J.
Gurley, and J. F. Davis.
It authorizes the Secretary of War to pay to
R. F. Blocker, E. J. Gurley, and J. F. Davis, the
sum of $1,500, in full for their claim against the
United States for their professional services in
defending Lieutenant Anderson and his detach-
ment, who were arrested and tried for a criminal
offense alleged to have been committed wjiile act-
ing under orders of their commanding officer in
Texas, in the year 18o4.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that bill.
The bill was laid over.
RUSSELL FITCH.
The hill (S. No. 426) to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to issue a land warrant to Russell
Fitch, of Ohio, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to fssue
a land warrant for one hundred and sixty acres
of land to Russell Fitch, of Ohio, in consideration
of military services rendered in the Army of the
United States during the last war with Great
Britain.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for the reading of the
report.
Mr. FOSTER. There is no written report in
that case, hut I can state the facts very briefly.
The petitioner shows service to within a very
few days of the amount required at the Pension
Office, by proof which they agree to be sufficient.
The amount of time claimed was much more than
sufficient but was not within their rules; but a
letter from Mr. Whittlesey, of Ohio, who is well
known to the Senate, recommended the case as
being within the equity and within the reason of
the law, as he thought. It was a question of tech-
nical deficiency of proof at the Pension Office as
to a portion of the time. There were six days
which they required which were not proved tech-
nically.
Mr. TOOMBS. I withdraw the objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed forathiid
reading, read the third time, and passed.
INVALID PENSIONS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
' No. 395) to authorize the increase of invalid pen-
! sions in certain cases.
It provides that the Secretary of the Interior
1 shall have the wmc power to increase the pension
! in case of increased disability of all persons who
i! may receive an invalid pension by virtue of a spo-
■ ' cial law that he would have m case of like pen-
[i sions granted by a general law.
'[ Mr. X^UGH. That is a general bill. I object
j to it.
'j THOMAS W. WARD.
' The. bill (S. No. 427) for the relief of Thomas
; W. Ward, late United States consul at Panama,
! was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
I It requires the Secretary of State to settle, upon
principles of equity and justice, the account of
! Thomas W. Ward, late consul of the United
jj States at Panama, for expenditures made by him
i in procuring testimony in relation to the outrages
i: committed on American citizens in the riot at Pa-
li nama, on the 35th of A pnl, 185C, and appropriates
■ j such sum as may be found due.
j! The bill was reported to the Senate without
| amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
,, reading, read the third time, and passed.
"WILLIAM HOWELL.
The bill (H. R. No. 513) granting an invalid
pension to William Howell, of Tennessee, was
next m order.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of William Howell, of Tennessee, on
the invalid pension roll, and that he be paid a
pension at the rate of eight dollars per month,
commencing on the 23d of February, 1858, and
continuing during his life.
Mr. CLAY. Read the report.
S The Secretary read it, as follows:
| The Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom were re-
\ terred the papers of William Howell, of the State of Ten-
1 nes^ee, a&km? an invalid pension, for injuries received m
the war of 1812, leport:
I That it appears, from the evidence filed, that said Wil-
; ham Howell unified on the 13th July, 1813, for eighteen
| month* under Captain Maitin Hawkins, in the twentv-
j seventh regiment of infantry; was transferred shortly after
! to the coinpanvof Captain Thornton S.Posey, in the same
: regiment. Whilst on his way ftom Fort Knox to Fort Har-
; rifton, with a load of piovi-ions tor the aimy, he was shot
i m the left breast by a ball fired from a gun in the hands of
! an Indian ; fiom tiie effects of sfiid wound helms never re-
] covered, but is now wholly disabled from obtaining a living
bv manual labor.
'William Ilargtss and Abraham Dye, who were in the
same company with him, swear to the fact of his having
received the wound whilPtin the line ol his duty.
D B. Cliff and S. S. Mayfield, who are eomfied to be
physicians of good standing in Franklin. Williamson county,
Tennessee, certify that he is new disabled one half or
more.
The committee are of opinion that he is entitled to re-
tifefj and therefore roptfrt a bill.
