590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
and recommence the taking o!" the testimony ille-
gally.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
if he would be willing to apply the rule he con-
tends for to the case of the Indiana Senators ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the Indiana
Senators had made such a proposition, and it had
not been accepted, and if those who contest their
seats came and pleaded a weaker proposition which
they had made to their prejudice, I should say
that that fact would be a very good reply to it.
The gentleman, however, brings to my mind a
remaik of the gentleman from Kentucky, which
I intended to reply to, but was nearly forgetting.
The gentleman from Kentucky said that the Dem-
ocratic party in the Senate had given two years
to the Indiana Senators to take testimony. That
struck me as rather a strange statement. I have
got the Senate reports here, both the majority
and the minority, and I find no such proposition
in either of them.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman must quote me correctly, f say that the
party in the Senate, under their construction of
this law, have extended the time from session to
session.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is that two
yeai s ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. An appli-'
cation for time was made last year, and another
application of the same sort has been made this
year.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I speak by the
record. I have here the majority report of the
Senate committee on that election, and this is the
resolution which they report:
" Resolved, That in the ense of the contested election of
the Hon. Graham N. Fitch and i he lion. Jesse I). Bright,
Seruuoift remrn'ed find admitted to their seats from the
State ot Indiana, the sitting members, and all poisons pro-
testing a^amst their election, or any of them, by themselves,
Ot tiuiii agents 01 attorneys, be permitted to take testimony
on the allegations of the protestants and the sitting mem-
bers touching all matter* of lact therein contained, before
any judge ot the district emit of the United Btatcs, or any
jud£<> of the supreme or circuit com t>ofthe Stato of Indiana,
by tii st giving u*n days' notice of the time and place of Mich
proceeding in some public gazette punted at Indianapolis"
It does not extend the time to two years, nor to
one year, nor to six months.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It gives them
a running commission, extending the time down
to the end of the term for which the Senators were
clccfrd.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That is not the
resolution.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. No, the res-
olution iixes no time; it is an indefinite time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then the gen-
tleman cannot say that it is two years. Two years
is not an indefinite time.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gentle-
man seems to be very paiticular to hold me to the
declaration of two years. I do not caie whether
you fix it at two years or not. My observation
was that tho rule ought to work alike here and in
the Senate, especially when it was worked by the
same party.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Very well.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. And I say
that the Indiana Senators have been allowed time
from session to session.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Well, sir, their
term of office only began on the 4th of March last
—at the same time as the term of the sitting mem-
ber in this case. No time has yet been granted
to the Senators from Indiana; but time has been
allowed the sitting member in this case. Now,
under my construction of the Senate resolution,
vlucJi is yet unacted on, it does not allow indefi- 1
znte time, as the gentleman says, but time under
the law of 1851. That is my reading of it. The
Senate knows the law as well as we do, and the ■
resolution merely allows the tune under the exist- !
ing law. i
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does the gen- 1
t'leman from Georgia undeistand the law of 1851 :
to extend to the election of Senators? !
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 supposed that, i
so far as the taking of testimony was concerned, ;
they might adopt the rule prescribed by that law.
1 know the law was expressly made for this ,
House; but the Senate might adopt the rule for [
the taking of testimony. But the gentleman claims j
that the same rule should be worked here as in the ■
Senate, especially when it is to be worked by the ,
same party. Well, sir, the Republican minority
in the Senate recommend that there be no time
granted, and no testimony taken, in the Indiana case.
Will the gentleman from Kentucky take that side ?
I do not suppose that the gentleman from Ken?
tucky will identify himself with that side anyhow;
but would he have those who act with him on this
question adopt that rule?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I can only
say, in reply to the gentleman, that I am rather
surprised that he talks about " sides" onaques-
tion like this.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Thegentleman
commenced it. I am but replying to him. It was
he, sir, that fust spoke about the Senate and
" sides." He urged this action of a Democratic
Senate as authority for his side of the House.
He brought the question here. I am only reply-
ing to him; and, sir, it is a bad rule that will not
work both ways. [Laughter.]
I say, sir, to the gentleman, and to the House
that for my own part, I am not governed by any
such principle. I intend to determine this ques-
tion strictly according to law. And when I see
that the sitting member treats these notices as he
did from the beginning, when he does not accept
them, when he evades them on all occasions,
when the party seeking his rights is thrown on
strict law; then, I say, let him stand on the law.
I go further. I look on this attempt in no other
light than as a pretext, a slim and flimsy pretext
for delay, and delay only. I look on it as noth-
ing else; and, therefore, I give it as my opinion,
that this cxtension-of time ought not to be granted.
We ought to take the vote on the merits. I trust
the committee will report as soon as possible on
the mei its, and letus know who is the proper Rep-
resentative of the third congressional district of
Ohio. The people there have an interest in this
matter. This offer of the contestantto the sitting
member, that they should appeal anew to the peo-
ple, was limited to the last election. The sitting
member would not accept it. Congress is now
far advanced. We have passed the first two
months of the session. The case ought to be
ended. He would not let the people decide it,
although he dated this investigation; and now,
sir, when the day of judgment has come, he ap-
peals again for more time, time, time. 1 say, let
the judgment, whatever it is, be rendered and ex-
ecuted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have but a
few words to say at this time; and before saying
them I desire to make a motion. It is to amend
the resolution accompanying the majority report,
by striking out all after the word 44 resolved," and
inserting in lieu thereof the language of the reso-
lution reported by the minority of the committee.
1 will occupy but a few moments of the time of
the House m saying a word or two in reply to the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.]
Mr. HOUSTON". I rise to a point of order.
Has not the gentleman from Maine already ad-
dressed the House on this subject?
The SPEAKER. He has.'
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have now of-
fered an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
has addressed the House once on the original res-
olution.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true, but the Speaker
will remember that the amendment which he has
now proposed was pending at the time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Not at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was proposed in the re-
port of the minority of the committee.
The SPEAKER, it was not pending at the
time.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was presented by the mi-
nority of the committee as ci counter proposition
to the resolution offered by the majority. It was
read to the House,and was under the considera-
tion of the House.
The SPEAKER. The proposition was not en- !
tertained,as shown by the Journal of the House. I
Mr. DAVIDSON. Will the gentleman from i
Maine give way for a motion to adjourn ? !
Mr. WASF1BURN, of Maine, if it he the |
pleasure of the House I will give way for that,
motion to be made, with the understanding that1
I shall have the floor on this question to-morrow. !
And then, on motion of Mr. DAVIDSON, (at j
twelve minutes past four o'clock,) the House !
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve, m. I
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 5, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. John Lanahan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the consideration of the report of the
Committee of Elections in the Ohio contested-elec-
tion case, on which the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] was entitled to the floor.
MARYLAND CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of privilege. I wish to present to the House
certain papers connected with the contested elec-
tion for the State of Maryland—the case of Mr.
Brooks against Mr. Davis. I ask that they be
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The papers can only be re-
ceived by unanimous consent. The House ia
already considering a question of privilege which
cannot be suspended by a second question of
privilege, except by unanimous.consent.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Then I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to have these
papers laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the case of Colonel
Johnson, of Ohio; copies thereof to be left on file.
SOLDIERS OF THE WAR OF 1812, ETC.
Mr. CIU1TMAN. With the consent of the
gentleman from Maine, I desire to offer a resolu-
tion, requiring some information from the Presi-
dent of the United States, which information is
indispensable to enable the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs to proceed to the consideration of the
matters before them. The resolution was pre-
pared by order of the committee.
There being no objection, the resolution was
reported as follows:
RcsofocJ, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to tins House—
1. What was the whole number of officers—non-commis-
sioned ofliceis musicians, and privates—whether leguJars,
volunteers, diafted men, or nniitca, at any time engaged in
or miHteied into the service of the United States in the last
war with Great JJntam.
2. Ah-o, what was the whole number in like manner en-
gaged m any of the Indian wars which occurred during the
same period, distinguishing, m both cases, between the num-
ber ot those engaged for a greatei or less period than one
month.
3. Also, what was the number of persons to whom bounty
lands have been awarded for sei vices in said war of 1832,
or in the said Indian wais,
Resolvcdfurther, Thatthe President be requested alsoto
communicate to this House, if theie be any d;ua in the pos-
session of the executive department, an estimate or piox-
imatc estimate of the probable annual oo*t of the extension
of the sv>tem of revolutionary pensions to the soldiers of
the war of 1813, and accompanying Indian wars.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Wc have, in the
official reports, all the information called for, ex-
cept that requested in the last branch of the res-
olution. I therefore do not see any necessity for
the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman to include also those engaged in
Indian wars from the close of the revolutionary
war to the commencement of the war of 1812.
There are a great many of them.
Mr. QUITMAN. There is now a bill before the
House, and also a bill before the Committee on
Military Affairs, on the subject of extending this
pension system to the soldiers of the war of 1812,
and to those engaged in the Indian wars at that
period. The infoimation is required to enable
this House to act understandmgly on the subject
of extending the pension system to the soldiers
engaged in the war of 1812 and in the Indian
wars. If thegentleman from Illinois [Mr. Har-
ris] can point out to me where I can procure
this information I will not trouble the House or
the President; but I have been unable to find it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I can furnish my
friend from Mississippi with all the information
he seeks except as to the last branch of the reso-
lution. But 1 do not object to the resolution, as
the information can be furnished very easily.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am not aware
of any document where I can get the information
I desire as to the* number of those engaged in the
Indian wars between the close of the revolution-
