1676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
poscil to the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] and I hope the com-
mittee will proceed to vote on the proposition of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith.]
The question was taken on Mr. Boknett's
amend merit to the amendment; and it was adopted.
The question recurred on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. STANTON". Does not, that strike out
what was inserted on motion of the gentleman's
colleague, [Mr. Millsos?]
The CHAIRMAN. Y.-e, sir.
Mr. STANTON. Is that in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks so. It
would not be in order to strike out what has
been inserted, taken separately and by itself; but,
when the motion includes other portions of the
section, the Chair thinks it is in order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would inquire
whether the amendment, if adopted, will have
-he effect of striking out the whole section as
amended?
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
The question was taken; and the amendment
as amended was not aajreed to.
Mr. RK1LLY. I olf'er the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the first section:
Prontlnl, Iwivercr, Tiiut al least the one Ii.ilf of fne
whole number of tiro men to be employed undei the pio
visions of tin- not .-hall be taken from the Staler and Toiti-
torie- of the United States,
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the amendment for two reasons, h; the first
place, I believe that the people of Washington
ought to be left perfectly free to regulate their
municipal affairs in their own way, subject only
to the Constitution of the United States. In the
next place, I have found by experience that when-
ever a man is brought heic from the States, and
placed in a subordinate position, he deteriorates.
£ do not know why it is: whether by force of your
political system, or by virtue of any law of na-
ture, but I know that such is the fact. When I
lirst came here as a member of the universal
Democratic party, a younu gentleman came to
Washington from my district, and X got him a
clerkship. In a little while \ found thai, although
he iiad been respectable at home', he in came lazy
and improvident; and, as the crowning climax to
the whole thing, he bei;an, in a Uiort time, to find
fault with me,because i did notdrcss well enough
for his ideas.
I do not want any men to come here from the
States to sot these subordinate positions. If any
young man in the Sr ii«-s can earn $1 50 a day, he
had better stay at home and take chance of polit-
ical elevation (heie. If you bring him heie, you
denationalize lum; you lake away his rights asa
wU/.en, and subject bun to that vicnm.-,, lazy, idle,
improvident political system, which is the dis-
grace of the age we live in. i am, therefore, up-
pnsed to tlio amendment.
The (juestioa was taken; and the amendment
w.i-i rejected.
Mr. OAViX, of iowa. 1 oiler the following
amendment:
■ in the Ihstseetion,
tfiukc out nil afi> r tlv
<utd iiiM'ir ui h.ii i!><'in
Tii.it the -uiji <;f —
*11.iv I) ; 'ieee--U' v. a«
hetebv 'ip| o|>na!<'d
olhCJUl-t; aj f;« i J{!' l.Lt
ls<"> 1(0 mmut.nicuu
paid to the imnncip.
/a.iv be required lot
fcU'd auiiioru) in p>e
i 'i'li.u >aul eit\
■ onaetnm < 'an-.
cof (he lolloWJ!ilr
___— (hdl.i:o' -) much theienf
•or.i'-i,: to n,-. piovKMp--. of (hi-* aet,
ii' ot <ii)v moii"}' m the Tie.Miiy not
(1, to «mi in -e -tiiinm !i «iii eihueni po-
ol •) ■ i I ej'v of \\\; hill lion, fO he
suc!io!!(> (.i .-aid cry, the <r:nie
(ltd piii no-e, ,uH to lie expended liv
eiv;i'.r {food order in -aid eitv .
;ia!i eofilitbuty to fin.' expense of •
police percent. olfh" c; vpen<e thereof, to oe a, i v.meed
and |>a!d by -ttul eitv, at, the same tunc with ibo money
hereby appinpri.it -d
My amendment, Mr. Chairman, is based upon
tlio Niippovmn that the city of Washington is
capable of self-government, and that we may pi op-
eily leave the government m the hands of the neo-
p!", a id on the further idea that the national Gov-
ernment should contribute its proportion to the
pohc force, because, as 1 understand, the public
buildings located m this city are not subject to
taxation by the city. 1 lum1 left blank the pro-
portion winch the llnited States should pay; the
bLmk to be filled up by such sum as shall be dc-
tei mi tie;! upon. I am utterly opposed to a divided
government of any description for any purpose,
i think that the municipal government of the city
*?f Washington is perfectly competent to prescribe
) ulc= and regtdanonsforthegovernmentand main-
tenance of order of the c - v. if there be a defect
in the power of the municipal authorities, the
proper mode of remedying it would be by amend-
ing the charter of the city and giving them the
necessary power. If they already possess the
power, it i3 proper that they should exeicise it
and have the government of the city. I will not
longer detain the committee.
iVIr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, but
I will not detain the committee by giving the rea-
sons. I think if we intend to dispose of this bill,
we ought to come to a vote. I hope, therefore,
that the original bill will be read through, and the
gentleman from New York [Mr. DoddJ and the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Leiter] will be al-
lowed to offer their substitutes. It is manifest
that if we lead each bill by sections, we shall not
reach a vote to-day, nor for a week to come.
The amendment of Mr. Davis, of Iowa, was
rejected.
The Clerk then read the second section of the
^ bill, as follows:
- Fkc. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the guard here-
by established shall be divided bv the chief into squads of
convnieni size, and tlio eaid chief is also auihon/A'd .tnd
empowered to establish "tiaid-Jiotises at such pouiN in the
city of Wa^hin'iton a> ho rtny de^'iate, subject, howevci,
to ihe appiovii] of tlio Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. We have
provided for a cavalry force, and must have stables
for the horses. I move to insert after " guard-
houses," the words " and stables." [Laughter.]
* The amendment was agreed to.
The fourth section was read, as follows:
Sec. 4. sfindbeitfuithcr cnaitch That the «um of.-^IO.OOO
be, and the same i> hereby, iippiopriated annu.Uiv a uon-
Ongent fund, to be expended under the dnertioi: <>f ihe e?ce-
ictary of the Interior, to cariy out the puipo^e- of thi< ;i"t
m the Hunpie-^io.) of crime and detection ot eruninah in
ihe city of \ Va.-Minmton.
Mr. BURROUGHS, I move to strike out the
section appropriating $10,000. I do not, hehove in
appropriating " secnt servicc money;" there can
be no necessity for its? use, and I am apt to behove
that if is ofien misapplied. A distinct appro-
priation, ifem by item, for every service of this
description, should he made. There can be no
occasion for appropriating money without speci-
fying the objects to which it js to be applied.
* But 1 have submitted this motion more for the
purpose of suggestions upon other points, and
hope I shall be indulged in makinga few remarks
m lehvtion to the mam question. If it is thu de-
sign of the i louse to establish a police force here,
independent, in some degree, of the Mayor and
eorportfion, I hope wo shall adopt means to give
character and stability to that force. If we are
to have a national guard, I would be in favor of
bringing to this city a number of men from the
i different States of this Union, equal to half the
number of Representatives in Congress. In this
way only can an efficient police be obtained. Let
those men be selected by the Representatives of
the seveicil distiicts, elect their own oJlieeK<, and
be subject, to such extent as Congress should
provide, to the city authorities. You would thus
cet n cbss of men very different from those you
now have m the police, who, it is said, are to be
seen lying about m the gutters day and night, the
constant inmates of rmn-holes. Select them as
your cadets are nominated, and you will obtain
men of character, have the best police force over
organized, and give to it professional character
end prominence. This notion may, at first, strike
' gentlemen as novel and peihaps impiacucable-,
■ but i be!ieve that gentlemen would select from
: their districts re«;>ou.^ble, respectable, sober, hon-
est, and competent men, whoso choice of this as
I a profession would secure elevated characters.
| Y)n<: remark further. Gentlemen say that they
i want a police force because it is unsafe to <^o into
the streets in the nisht time. 1 confess I have no
1 such apprehension. 1 hnvebeen out often at ru^ht;
! have seen no violence; have felt no fears; not even
! m those streets not lighted. 1 shall vote against
' the Senate bill, not because I am not m favor of
1 piovuhn^ a sufficient police for the city, but be-
! cause it is to oi^anize a party police. ] understood
1 the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Goopi:,] who
; reported the bill, to ssy thnt, unless this police
i force could be appointed in the way lie desired,
1 he would see the whole bill defeated. He tells us
! that the city is throned with robbers and mur-
j derers and cut-throats, but, im!ess we will allow
the Pres'dcnt to have the of t!i. lini-
ment of the police, he will let these men go on,
and rob and murder with impunity ! Now, my
notions of propriety lead me to believe that, if we
are to have a police in this city, they ought to be
appointed without reference to partisan feeling or
character.
Mr. GOODE. The position I took, Mr. Chair-
man, was, that the Constitution required the ap-
pointment of chief of police to be made by the
President, because it is an executive office. I am
not here as the advocate of James Buchanan, but
as the advocate of the Constitution, and the con-
stitutional mode of appointment; and, sooner than
violate the Constitution, I will lose the bill.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I understand the gentle-
man, then, to take the ground that the appoint-
ment cannot be constitutionally made in any other
way. I do not so regard it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WARREN. I do not see the remotest
probability of getting through this bill, and I
therefore renew the motion to strike out the en-
ncting clause; and if the Chair decide the motion
to be out of order, I shall respectfully appeal from
his decision.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I will withdraw my
amendment, if 1 have the floor to submit another
motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
withdraw it without the unanimous consent of
the committee.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. GROW. I make the same point of order
on the motion of the gentleman from Arkansas
that I made on the motion of the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Bishop,] that it, is not in order
to move to strike out the enacting clause until the
bill has been read through for amendment.
Mr. GOODE. f ask the gentleman fiom Ar-
kansas to withdraw his motion to strike out the
enacting clause.
Mr. WARREN". If I saw any hope to get
through with this bill in any other way I would
not have made the motion; and now, to see what
the gentleman has to propose, I will withdrawit.
Mr. GOODE. I know the difficulties surround-
ing this measure as it now stands; but I feel im-
pelled to make another effort to accomplish the
object the Committee for the District of Columbia
had in view in reporting on the question. The
bill as it is now, will, in my humble judgment, be
entirely inefficient for the purpose designed.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no question pend-
ing, and debate is not in order.
Mr. GOODE. 1 propose to submit a proposi-
tion which I have deliberately matured, and which,
I think, will be satisfactory to the committee. If
we allow the bill to remain as it is now, I think
we had as well leave this and go to other business.
J ask the consent of the gentleman that my amend-
ment and the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Dodd] be withdrawn.
Mr. DODD. 1 would like to have a vote on
my amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky A motion
is pending, and I insist that it be put.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion was made to
strike out the fourth section, but was subse-
quently withdrawn.
Mr."BURNETT. We have already consumed
more time about this bill than we ousjlU to; and,
as we have fixed e.n ea  ly day for the adjournment,
1 hope that we will have a test question at once.
1 therefore move to strikeout the enacting clause.
Mr. GROW. I raise a point of order on that
motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it
b; not in order, and that the point is well taken.
Tf dei«ai" had not been closed by the House, and
the bill brought here under the operation of the
13f>th rule which requires amendments to be
voted on, then the motion would take precedence
of a motion to amend; but the bill beinar now under
the operation of that rule, which requires that
wh' n debate is closed, the amendments pending,
and offeied, shall be first vuted on before the bill
is repotted to the House, the Chair thinks the
motion is not now in order.
Mr. BURNETT, i take an appeal from that
decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, shaU the
decision of the Chairstand as the judgment oi the
committee 3
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to know whether
