June J,
Mr. CLAY. THe Senator from Georgia, I be-
lieve,-objected io all these cases.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; I object to them.
. The bill was passed over.
WILLIAM BULLOCK.
, The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
No. 530) for the relief of "William Bullock.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of William Builock upon the roll of in-
valid pensions, and that he be paid a pension at
the rate of six dollars a month, from the 1st of
January, 1854.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom were re-
ferred the petition and papers of William Bullock, beg leave
to submit a report:
That there is good and sufficient evidence of said Bullock
having rendered service in l he war of 1812; thathe received
severe injuries whilst in the line of ins duty, which now
unfit linn for labor. At a former session of.Congrcss a bill
was introduced for Ins relief, but for want of time it failed
to, become a law. Your committee now report a bill grant-
ing him relief.
Mr. TOOMBS? I object.
The bili was passed over.
SHOVE CHASE.
The bill (H. R. No. 533) for therelief ofShove
Chase, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name ofShove Chase, of New York, upon the
invalid pension list, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, commencing on the 1st of January,
1856, to continue dui ing his natural life.
Mr, TOOMBS. Read the report.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom wore re-
ferred the pennon and papers of Shove Chase, having had
the same under con^idcianon, beg leave fb report:
The petitioner proves by hi>o\vnortth, and the certificate
of the eapuun, thai he enlisted at Staten Maud, in the State
of Now York, the l<Jth day of Decembei, 181'J, foi one year,
in the war of ISI2. That while m j-aid s>eivieo hu had the
misfortune to break his aim l v a fall, while pacing fioin
One pot-t to another m the ckuk. He i\ho proves, by the
surgeon of the aunv who attended him, and al?o hv fheeei-
titieate^ of two Mugeons of his own county, by tin; foi rner
that he wiw in the Imp of his duty when the mini v was re-
ceived. and by the surgeon?! 01 hi* county that the injuiy
atiil continue?. Hi-? neighbor eeitify Hint bo has not at'anv
tune been qualified to penoi in manual labor, evri'ptimi with
theiighthaud; that he has reinsert to receive, 01 rather ap-
ply, lor a pension while he was able to earn his boaid by
down* small f.ivoi.i [in hN nriuhhoi-,. lie i* now and
unable to  uppott himself; the injutv ot his vvnst meieas-
ing instead ot getntifi better. The committee, deeming tins
n ease where leltul should he granted, introduce the ae
coinpanyni^ lull.
The bill was reported to (he Senate, ordered to
a third reading, lead the third time, and passed.
ELI W. GOFF.
The next hill on tlio C.ilendnr wastho bill (IJ.
R. No. for the relief of KH W. Goft\ which
had been reported adversely by the Committee on
Comin>'rr,(\
It provides that the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury, upon satisfactory proof being pre-
sented that KH W. Goflf, late inspector of customs
for the district of Vermont, actually sustained
damages and losses by his ellorts faithfully to ex-
ecute the revenue laws of the United States, shall
audit his account, and pay to him the amount of
his damages and losses; Gut the amount allowed
is.to be for damages resulting directly from a
proper discharge of his legal duties as inspector of
customs, and is not to exceed the sum of $5,000.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill be indef-
initely postponed.
Mr. CLAY. 1 reported it adversely; but the
Senator from Vermont JAIr, Colj.amer] asked
me not to act on it in his absence.
The bili was passed over.
ALOKZO AND E. G, COLBY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 48G)
for the relief of Alonzo and Elbridge G. Colby.
It appropriates $2,502 11 for Alonzo Colby and
Elbndge G. Colby, of the town of Buckport, in
Iviaine, that sum being the balance due to them on
their contract with the United States, dated July
24, 3855, for constructing a breakwater at Owl's
Head harbor, Penobscot river, Maine.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading-, read the third time, and passed.
GARDNER AND VINCENT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H". R. No. 569) for
the relief of Gardner Vincent and others.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury, upon
the production of satisfactory evidence, to audit
and settle the several accounts of Gardner & Vin-
cent, A. S. Gardner, A. F. Holmes,- G. B. Mur-
phy, C. C. Carlton, N. E. Crittenden, O. A.
Brooks & Company, and W. Bingham & Com-
pany, for goods, &c., furnished the United States
marine hospital at Cleveland, Ohio, during the
superintendency of John Coon, and to pay the
amounts found to be due.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
HASAM AND BREWSTER.
The bill (H. R. No. 573) for the relief of
Thomas Hasam and B. S. Brewster was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its purpose is to require the Secretary of the
Treasury to audit and settle the accounts of
Thomas Hasam and B. S. Brewster,for services
as inspectors of hulls and boilers, at New Orleans,
Louisiana, and to allow them their regular com-
pensation from the date of their appointment as
if they had been sworn and properly qualified.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS ANTISELL.
The bill (H. R. No. 452) for the relief of Dr.
Thomas Antisell was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Dr. Thomas Antisell, the sum of #274 65, in
full of his account for services rendered as act-
ing assistant surgeon to the command (company
G, third artillery) escorting Lieutenant Parke's
party of survey from California to New Mexico
in 1855. _
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third rending, read the third time, and passed.
DAVID BRUCE.
The bill (II. R. No, 269) for the relief of David
Bruce was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It empowers the Commissioner of Patents to
extend the patent of David Bruce, dated Novem-
ber 6, 1843, for a new and improved mode of cast-
! ing type, for seven years from the date of its ex-
1 piration, subject to the rules and regulations now
! in force for granting extensions; provided it shall
j appear on examination that the failure to extend
; his patent occurred through an official mistake.
I; Mr. PUG11. T object to that bill.
;[ Mr. REID. Will the Senator permit me to
j; make u remark, which 1 think will satisfyhim in
relation to the bill?
; Mr. PUGU. Certainly.
I Mr. REID. Thus is not to grant an extension
! of a patent. It expired some time during the last
S year. Before its expiration, the patentee made
| application for a renewal in time, and the exam-
[ iner made his report, but one of the clerks mis-
] placed the leport, so that the Commissioner did
; not act upon it until after the expiration of the
| time, and then dccided that he could not take up
the easo because the clerk had made the mistake,
| and the papers had not reached him in.time. This
I bill is meiely to permit him to take up the case
| and examine it as he could have done if his clerk
1 had not made the mistake. The case is not at
! all changed. The bill only gives the right to ex-
; amine it, as the Commissioner would have done
, if the clerk had not made the mistake,
j Mr. PUGf-I. IIow long did the patent run?
; IJas it ever been renewed before ?
j; Mr. IUCID. It has never been renewed.
!' Mr. PUGH. I withdraw the objection,
i The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
i a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
|i JAMES MYER.
jj The bill (S. No. 428) for the relief of James
j1 Myer was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
■ J ft directs the payment to James Myer, late
! quartermaster to the Mexican boundary com-
: mission, of the sum of $1,093 71, being in full for
his time and expenses in returning to his home
after he-was relieved from duty as a member of
the commission.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third:
time, and passed.
JANE J. WINGERD.
The bill (S. Wo. 429) for the relief of Jane J.
Wingerd was read a second time, and consid- '
ered as in Committee of the "Whole.
It directs the payment to "Jane J. Wingerd, of
the sum of $233 33, in full for two months' ser-
vices of her late husband, Jacob B. Wingerd,
deceased, as a temporary clerk in the office of the
First Comptroller of the Treasury in 1843.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that bill.
Mr.IVERSON. Will my colleague allow me
to make an explanation of the case to him?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. This is a poor woman; and
the facts of the case are simply these: in the
Comptroller's officc, one of the clerks became
largely behindhand; and the Comptroller found
it necessary to employ a temporary clerk to bring
up the business, and, by doing that, ho was en-
abled to transfer another clerk to a higher branch
of duty. This man Wingerd was employed in
the olBce'to perform the service for two months.
Mr. TOOMBS. This purports to have been in
1843, fifteen years ago.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not recollect the time.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is the date given, fifteen
years ago.
Mr. IVERSON. I hardly think it was so long
ago.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to know why the ser-
vices have never been paid for before, as they
were rendered fifteen years ago?
Mr. IVERSON. Read the report.
The Secretary read the report; from which it
appears, from a statement of James W. McCul-
loh, Esq., late First Comptroller of the Treasury, ,
that, in consequence of a large accumulation of
business m that office, in the year 1843, Mr. Ja-
cob B. Wingerd was duly sworn and employed
as a temporary clerk in that office for two months,
on a grade of service for which the regular clerks
were paid at the rate of $1,400 per annum. For
this service no payment has been made, there be-
ing no fund out of which to pay compensation to
extra clerks. Although the committee disapprove
of the employment of extra clerks in the Depart-
ments or bureaus without authority of law, yet,
as this service appears to have been regarded as
necessary by the Comptroller, and to have been
faithfully rendered, they think a proper compen-
sation ought to have been made.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object, unless some account
can be given of the fifteen years' delay.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will be
passed over.
Mr. TOOMBS subsequently said: The Sena-
tor from Texas [Mr. Houston] having satisfied
me ill lrgard to the case of Jane J. Wingerd, I
withdraw my objection.
The lull was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
SYLVANUSBURNHAM.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (II.
R. No 233) for the relief of Sylvanus Burnham.
It requires the Secretary of War to place the
name of Sylvanus Burnham upon the roll of in-
valid pensioners, and cause to be paid to him
eight dollars per month, commencing from and
after the 14th of November, 1850, and to continue
during his natural life.
Mr. CLAY. 1 object to that bill.
The bill was passed over.
CORNELIUS H. tATHAM.
The bill (H. R. No. 464) for the relief of Cor-
nelius II. Latham was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
it directs the Secretary of the Interior to allow
and pay Cornelius H. Latham, of New York, an
invalid pensioner, the sum of eight dollars per
month during his natural life, in lieu of the pen-
sion now allowed him by law, to commence on
the 25th of February, 185C.
Mr. PUGH. Let us hear the report in that
case.
The Secretary read it, and it appears that the
petitioner was, by special act of Congress for his
relief, approved July 17,1854, placed on the pen-
sion list, at the rate of four dollars per month, on
account of disease contracted while in the line of
his duty, in the service of the United States, as a
erivate in Captain E. V, Sumner's company of
nited States dragoons.
