1858.
THE CONGRES&eNAL OWE,
'1W
the doctrine has not been settled in cases precisely h
analogous to this; whether this motion to strike j
out the enacting clause has not been made and j
sustained by the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state,
that the House has heretofore sustained the de-
cision that the motion was in order, even when a
bill was under the operation of the 136th rule; but
unfortunately, perhaps, for the gentleman who is
now in the chair, he is no! a lawyer, and does not
consider himself bound by precedents which do
not stand upon a right basis. [Laughter.] If the
committee thinks that the Chair is wiong, it is for
the committee to decide, and in that decision he j
will acquiesce. I
Mr. VVASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Mr. BLTSS. What will be the effect of the
pending motion ?
The CHAIRMAN. It will cut off all the
amendments, and send the bill to the House as
clean as it came.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jofi>j Coch-
rane and Adrain were appointed.
The committee divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes 79, noes 58.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk concluded the reading of the bill.
Mr. DODD. I now offer my substitute, if it
is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman has offered it before, and that
it is now pending. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Goode] proposed an amendment in lieu of
it.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I propose to offer the follow-
ing as an additional section to the original bill,
before we proceed to the consideration of the sub-
stitutes:
Sec. 8. And be ilfurther enacted, That tins act shall con-
tinue and be m force for and during the'term of two veaia,
and from thence to tbe end of the next session of Congress,
and no longer.
My object is to limit the existence of this guard,
unless the necessities of the case should require
it to be continued. My experience is that it will
be much easier to prolong its existence by renewed
legislation, than to abridge its existence when it
is made permanent in its character. With that
view I offer the amendment. It will enable an-
other Congress to act upon the subject. j
Mr. FOSTER. The only opposition I have to i
this amendment is this: I suppose if there is any |
one fact fixed and settled in the future beyond j
all possible controversy, it is that the grand Re- j
publican army will control this country m 1SG0. |
[Laughter.] Whether the gentleman intends to ;
deprive us of officers, 1 do not know. ;
The amendment of Mr. Phillips was not
agreed to
iMr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I offer the
following additional section:
Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That the corporation
of the city of Washington be authorized to pa*s laws for the
exclusive regulation of the ft re depatfnient. and that all acts
passed heretofoie inconsistent with the same, he, and the
same are hereby, repealed: Provided* however, That the
corporation shall take immediate mea^uies for the abolish-
ment of the volunteer fiie depaumeiit, and the creation of
a paid lire department in lieu of the same, and for the estab-
lishment of a lire alaim and police telegranh.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment is not germane to the pending
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the point
of order well taken, and rules oat the amendment.
No further amendment being oftered to the
lull, the question recurred on the amendment by
way of substitute offered by the gentleman 1'iom
Viigima, [Mr. Goode.] to the substitute of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dodd] for the
bill.
Air. GOODE. I would inquire whether it is
competent for me to modify my amendment be-
fore the question is taken?
The CHAIRMAN. Th e gentleman lias a ric;ht
to withdiaw or modify it in any form lie tninks
proper.
Mr. GOODE. I propose to withdraw it, and
offer as a substitute lor the substitute of tne gen-
tleman from New York, what I send to the Clerk s
desk. It is nearly identical with the proposition
I originally offered. It differs from it in dimin-
ishing the force twenty-five men and one lieuten-
ant, so as to reduce the number of men to seventy-
five, and the lieutenants to three. It moreover
provides for the establishment of one guard-house
only.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a question
of order. I desire to know whether the entire
withdrawal of an amendment, and the substitu-
tion of another, is a modification of the original
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
it is, as it is different. But if it be not, the first
being withdrawn, the gentleman has a right'to
offer another.
The amendment, by way of substitute, was as
follows:
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of America in Congress assembled, That
there be established an auxiliary guard, or watch, for the
protection of persons and propeity, andloi the enforcement
of the police legulations or' the city of Washington, to con-
sist of a chief at an annua! >a!ary of $*2.500, one captain at
an annual salary of $1,400, three lieutenants at an annual
salary of $l,U0D each, and seventy-five men at an annual sal-
ary of $600 each, to be paid monthly; to serve during the
night, and in the day time. The chief of the auxiliary guard
shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent ofthe Senate; the captain and lieutenants shall
be appointed by the Secretary of the Intei 101, and maybe
dismissed by the chief'at hn pleasure, or upon the order of
the said Secretary. The men shall be appointed by the chief
of the guard, and dismissed at his will and pleasure.
Sec. 2. And heit further cnacted, That the guard hereby
establ^hed shall be divided by the chief into squads of con-
venient *ue; and the said chief is aUo authorized and em-
powered to establish a guard-house at such point m the city
of Washington as he may designate, subject, however, to
the approval of the Secretary oi fhe Interior.
Sec. 3. And be it further cnactcd, That the district attor-
ney for the District'of' Columbia, the maishal of the said
District, and the chiM' of the auxiliary guard, are hereby
authorized and required to make and establish rules and
regulations for the government of said guard, subject to the
approval of the Sccietaiv ofthe Intenoi.
Hko. 4. And be it further enacted, That lhe sum of j
$5,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropnated annually j
a* a contingent fund, to be expended under the directum of j
the Secretary of the Intenor, to carry out the purposes of
tins act iritiie suppression of crime and detection of enm- j
mala in the ctty of Washington. ■
vSec. o. And, he itftn thcr cna< ted, That each member of
the guanl <shnll be "irquiied to wear a uniform dress at all
bonis when on duty, and on his hat. or cap, or breast, Mich
number as may he aligned lum. The captain and lieu-
tenant?, at a'l times, day and msht. t-hall wear an official
badge; and said umtb> ui', badges, and number, hereby re-
quired to be woi n, shall be proM-t ibed bv the chief, and shall '
he made public m tne new-p.ipets of Washington foi one ,
month ahei first pre&eiibud, and shall not thereafter be j
changed. 1
St c. 6. And he it futthcr enarted, That the chief of the I
guaut shall be invested with the criminal jurisdiction of a |
justice of the peace, and required to hold a court daily for |
the tual of misdemeanor and petty offenses, to be decided I
accoiding to the la w« ofthe District of Columbia, and sum- ■
manly di-po^ed of; but in no ea=.e shall he inflict punish- '
mentVi-'-afi than a fine of twenty dollars or confinement in
a jail, wuikliouhe. or house of correction, for a term ex-
ceeding tweniv da vs.
Src."7. And be U further enacted. That all acts and parts
of acts heietofoie parsed, authorizing oi iclatmg to the em-
ployment of an auxiliary watch, or gumri, be, and the same
arc hereby, repealed. Thi' section to take elf«et -o soon as
the chief'shall leposf to the ^ecrcfarv of the interior that
he has thnty men cniolled and ready for duty.
Sfc. 8. And belt further enacted, That the sum of money
ncccssary to ^arrv tins act mfo elfeet. not to exceed 0.000,
be, and the same*heieby is, appropuated out of any money
in the Treasury ihh otherwise appiopuated.
Mr. SEWARD. Is an amendment to that
amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN". It is not, as it would be
an amendment in the tliird degree.
The question being upon the adoption of the
amendment of Mr. Goode, by way of a substi-
tute for the substitute of Mr. Dodd,
Mr. BURNETT callcd for toiler*.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. jr. wktt and.
BrrFiKTON were appointed.
The committee divided; and the telieis report- ,
ed—ayes (V), noes 85. :
So the substitute proposed by Mr. Goods was ;
rejected. i
'Mr. LETTER then offered the following as a |
substitute for Mr. Dodr's substitute:
Be if en«< ted b>t the Senate and. Howe of Representation 1
of the United Staid of America in Con«u:*s u^scmUcd,Th^l
thne be e?tibh,hed an :iu\ihaty guard, or watch, for ilia
protection ofpei^on^ and property, and tor the enforcement
: of the police regulations of the city oi Wa>nington. to con-
; •-i-i of a ehiei" at an annua! ^alaty of MJ, one captain at ,
! an nnmul -al.uyol £1 .V-0'J, lorn lieutenant" at an annual >al-
' arv of each, arwl one humiied men ax an annual salaiy .
' of SliOd each, to be paid niomlih
' Sgr. -i. And ut ;t further enacted, That John C. Fitzp.u-
' nek. John A. Inn'on. and Itichaid Y\ allaeh. of said city, be,
1 and thev are hereby, appointed commissioner:? oi police i >r
I paid citv foi the lenn of two year?, at an annual vilan- of 1
i .-.O.UPO each, whose duty it shall be to appoint the rh «' of
police, captain, ami lieutenants of the guard, who shall hold
their offices, respectively, at the pleasure of the commis-
sioners aforesaid ; and that said commissioners shall have
power to fill any vacancy that may occur tfl their body dur-
ing the recess of Congress; that the emef of police shall
appoint the men, with the approval of the comroissionereiof
police, and they may be dismissed by him at his pleasure,
or upon the order of said commissioners.
Sec. 3. Andheit further enacted, That the guard hereby
established shall be divided by the chief into squads of con-
venient size, and the chief is authorized and empowered
to establish guard houses at such points m the city of Wash-
ington as he may designate, subject, however, totbeappro-
val of the commissioners aforesaid.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That tbe commission-
ers of police be, and they aie hereby, authorized and re-
quired to make and establish rules and legulations for tbe
government of said guard.
Sec. 5. And beitfurther enacted, That the sum of$5,000
be, and the same ls'hereby, appropriated annually as ?. con-
tingent fund, to be expended under the direction of the com-
missioners of pohce. to cairy out the purposes of this act m
the suppression of crime and detection of criminals in the
city of Washington.
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted, That each mefaber of
the guard shall be jeqmred to wear a urnlbrm dress at all
hours when on duty, and on his hat, or cap, or breast, such
number as may be assigned him. The captains and lieu-
tenants,at all ame«, dayand night, shall wear an official
badge; and said uniforms, badges, and numbers,hereby re-
quired to be worn, shall also be prescribed bv the ehivf, and
shall be made public in the newspapers, in Washington for
one month after first prescribed, and shall not thereafter be
changed.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That commissioners
of police shall be appointed hereafter biennially by a joint
resolution of the two Houses of Congress, and all vacancies
that shall occur during the sessions of Congress shall be
filled in the same manher.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the sum of $75,W>0,
or so much thereof as may be necessary to carry this act
mlo effect, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of
any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That each member of
the auxiliary guard, before entering upon the discharge oi
his duty, shall"take and subscribe an oath or affirmation to
support the Constitution ofthe United Suites,and faithfully
and impartially discharge lus duties as such guard.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts heretofore passed, authorizing or relating to the em-
ployment of an auxiliary watch, or guaid, be, and the same
aie hereby, lepealed. This act to take effect twenty days
after the passage theieof.
Mr. TRtPPE. Is it in order to offer an addi-
tional section to the substitute of the gentleman
from New York ?
Tho CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not at
this rime. Thfre is an amendment pending which
must first be disposed of.
Mr. LEJTER. I wish to say that my substi-
tute is exactly in the form in which it has been
printed, except that I have substituted the name
of John C. Fitzpatrick for that of Walter Lenox.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the genflemin from Ohio. I think we
have got this bill pretty much in the condition
that the dog's leg was in, according to the old
story, after the Devil had taken out the bone and
put in a stick. [Laughter.] I think we had bet-
tor leave it as it is, and vote down the amendment.
Let us then vote on the substitute of the gentle-
man from New York, and report the bill to the
House, where we can determine by yeas and nays
what sort of bill we will have. It is getting late
in the day, and I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
committee rise. It is not worth while to stay here
any longer.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. Is it in order to move to amend
trhe proposition of the gentleman from Ohio by
striking out the names of the commissioners ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. _
The question \va* taken on Mr. Leiter's sub-
stitute, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on the substitute pro-
posed by Mr. Dopd, which is as follows:
A bill to establish an efficient pohce for the city of Wash-
ington.
That the boaid-^ of the City Council of tbe city of Wash-
ington shall foithwith appoint commissioners of election,
according to the chattel of said city, wao shall, on four
da>>} notice aftci the parage ot thes act, hold an election
fur the choice of (out commissioners of police, in manner
following: At Mich election each vot^rof the city of Wash-
ington shall vote lor two persons tor commissioners of po-
\ bee, and no ballot shall be counted that contains more than
' two names; and the foui persons having tbe highest nuru-
1 her of votes shall be declared elected, and two of them«bah
i no!d their offices for two >eai>, and two of them for on-s
; year troni the dav of said election; and tbe person navnii
■ the greatest and the peison having the lowest numjor ot
: vote-* shall be the two to go oat of office at the end of om*
! v e«u ; and ifatw i\vo have the same and the Inchest or The
' "lowest uumbei of vote*, « ioii two shall draw loN between
, themselves to determine which shall out cf office , and
I tnese shall be &u election on the same day every bticceed^
! imr , ear. held as above directed, for two commissioner ot
1 pol<; c. at which each voter shall vote for one person only,
