2702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Donnelson, deceased, subject to the conditions
imposed by those acts, for the term of two years.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the bill
with an amendment to strike out all after the en-
acting clause and insert:
That the provisions of the act approved tlie 24th May,
1834, entitled " An act for the relief of the representatives
of John Donnf-lson, Stephen Hoard, and others, and the
several acts extending, continuing, andrcviving the same,"
be, and the same are hereby, revived and extended to the
representatives of John Donnebon, deceased, subject to the
conditions and limitations imposed by the aforesaid acts,
for the term of two years from the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported1 to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed. Its title
was amended so as to read: " A bill to revive and
extend an act entitled 4 An act for the relief of
the representatives of John Donnelson, Stephen
Heart)  and others,'approved May 24, 1824, and
the several acts extending, continuing, and reviv-
ing the same."
MARV BOYLE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 977) for the relief of Mary Boyle.
It directs that the name of Mary Boyle be placed
on the pension roll, at the rate of twenty dollars
per month, from the 1st of January, 1858.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the report be read.
Mr. CLAY. The point is that her husband
did not die in the service. I object to all such
cases.
The bill was passed over.
EVELINA PORTER.
• The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (TI.
R. No 458) for the relief of Evelina Porter, widow*
of the late Commodore David Porter, of the Uni-
ted States Navy.
It directs the Secretory of the Interior to place
the name of Evelina Porter, widow of the late
Commodore Porter,deceased,of the United States
Navy, upon the list of invalid pensions, to be paid
at the rate of thirty dollars per month, for five
years, from the 9th of February, 1858.
Mr. CLAY. 1 object..
Mr. GREEN. Let it be considered. Vote it
down if it is wrong. 1 consider it a very meri-
torious case.
Mr. CLAY. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HAMLIN, I object. Let them nil go the
same way.
The bill was passed over.
JUDITH NOTT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. 528)
lor the relief of Judith Nott.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Judith Nott upon the pension roll of
the United States, at the rate of nine dollars per
month, from the 1st of January, 1853, and to con-
tinue during ^er widowhood.
Mr. CLAY. Read the report.
The Secretary read the report. Itappeais from
the evidence in support of the application of Ju-
dith Nott that her husband, John Nott, now de-
ceased, was a seaman in the Navy of the United
States duiing the late war with Great Biitum. It
further appears, from the ceitificute of Jonathan
D. Ferris, late lieutenant in the United Status
Navy, (who is also deceased,") that m December,
1814, when the British were off the coast of Lou-
isiana, and threatened their attack upon New Or-
leans, he selected, among others, the said John
Nott as one of a picked crew to man guu-boat
No. 5 on Lake Borgne, of which he was in com-
mand, to resist the landing of the enemy. It fur-
ther appears that Nott was m command of apiece
of ordnance, and that the boat, among others, had
a severe engagement on the 14th of December,
1814, with the enemy on the lake. After the bat-
tle Lieutenant Ferris observed that the hand of
John Nott was wounded, and that he appeared
lame. Upon inquiry into the causc, he learned
that while John Nott was in the act of elevating
his gun the brcech fell and smashed his fingers;
and that the lameness proceeded from a splinter
entering his hip, but neither supposed the wounds
serious, or of much moment. It appears from the
certificate of Lieutenant Ferris that he did not
consider the wounds sufficiently serious to report
in his return of casualties to his commanding of-
ficer, though he was wounded by a splinter at the
same time, which he passed unnoticed, but which
subsequently became serious. The wounds sub-
sequently assumed a serious character, and John
Nott was confined a year at the hospital in Phil-
adelphia, and was subsequently discharged, his
wounds still uncured.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
HORATIO EOULTBEE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 506) for the relief of the administrator of
"Horatio Boultbee, deceased, which had been re-
ported upon adversely by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
It provides that there be appropriated the sum
of $588 50 to the administrator of Horatio Boult-
bee, deceased,-being payment in full for a stack
of wheat which was burned by the troops of the
United States on the 21st of February, 1847, at
Agua Nueva, in Mexico.
Mr. CLAY. I move its indefinite postpone-
ment.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES T. V. THOMPSON.
The bill (S. No. 435) for the relief of James
T. V. Thompson was road a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that there be paid to James T. Y.
Thompson, the sum of $627 75, in full for loss
or damage on a quantity of flour purchased by
him at a public Kale, under the direction of the
United States commissary, at Fort Leavenworth,
in August, 1851, and which flour proved to be
unsound.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
report read.
The Secretary read the report, from which it
appears that by order of the commissary of sub-
sistence, a stile of about one thousand bags of
Hour was advertised on July 25, 1851, to take
place on the lGih of August following, at Fort
Leavenwoith. The advertisement represented
the flour to be u in good order, and perfectly
sweet." The petitioner purchased four hundred
and live sacks, at $1 95 per sack, amounting to
$789 75. After the Hour was delivered and paid
for, it was ascertained, as is alleged, to be sour
and unfit for use, and was afterwards sold by the
petitioner for the best price he could get, and
netted hint about forty cents per sack, subjecting
him to a loss of £G-)7 75, which he tuks to have
i ennbui st d.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There have been two
favorable repoi ts That is enough for me.
The bill was repoitei! to the Senate without
amendment, otdeted to be engrossed for a thud
leading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES M. PERRY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 439) for the relief of Charles M. Perry.
It provides that theie be paid to Charles M.
Perry the sum of $1,172 94, being the difference
between Ins salary as a messenger and the salary
of a clcik,the duties of winch he performed from
the 23th of September, 1853, to December 30,
185G.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to that bill.
The bill was passed over.
.NANCY MAGILL.
The bill (II. R. No. 345) for the relief of
Nancy Magill, of Ohio, was announced as next
in oraer.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Nancy Magill, widow of James Ma-
j gill, of Ohio, on the pension roll, at the rate of
I eight dollars per month, for five years, commenc-
1 ing on the 4th of March, 1858.
! Mr. PfJCrll. That is an exceptional case, to
! which 1 presume my friend from Georgia will
j not object.
Mr. IIAMLIN. Let us hear the report.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think that it is a good case.
The Secretary read the report; and it appears
that James Magill, the husband of Nancy Magill,
enlisted as a puvatc for the war, in the company
• of Captain Hoagland, Colonel Morgan's regiment
! of infantry, on the 28th of April, 1847, was
j wounded at Chapultepec 13th September, 1841*,
and discharged from the service August 4, 1848;
i was subsequently appointed brevet second lieu-
tenant, and promoted first lieutenant for his bra-
very during the war. On the 29th of March,
184§, he was compelled to resign his commission
as lieutenant, on account of ill health. Some
time in the year 1849, after he resigned his com-
mission as lieutenant, he left his residence in
Coshocton, Ohio, for the purpose of going to
Cincinnati on business, since which time he has
not been heard from.
Mr. PUGH. The case appears to be this: this
man resided 
Mr. HAMLIN. I object, if nobody else does.
Mr. CLAY. Just let me say one word.
Mr. PUGII. I can show the Senate that it ia
a proper case.
Mr. CLAY. I want to show the great differ-
ence between this and the other cases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being '
made, the bill lies over.
JOHN C. RATHBUN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 529) for the relief of John C. Rathbun.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of John C. Rathbun on the list of retired
pensioners, at the rate of four dollars per month,
to commence on the 15th of February, 1858, and
continue during life. '
Mr. PUGH. I object to the bill/
The bill was passed over.
PHiNEAS G. PEARSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (PI.
R. No. 527) for the relief of Phincas G. Pearson.
If directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Phineas G. Pearson on the list of in-
valid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence on the 22d day of January,
and continue during life.
Mr. PUGH. I object Jo the bill.
The bill was passed over.
JOHN PERRY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 531) for the relief of John Perry, of Illi-
nois.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of John Perry, of Illinois, on the listof
invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, commencing on the 15th of February,
1858, and to continue during his natural life.
Mr. WRIGHT. I should like to hear the re-
port in that case.
The Secretary read it; from which it appears
that Perry was a private in company C, com-
manded by Captain John M.Moore, in the second
! regiment of Illinois volunteers, commanded by
! Colonel James Collins; that he enlisted on the 15th.
day of July, 1847, to serve during the war; thuthe
marched to the seat of war, and while m the line
of his duty as a soldier at the town of Puebla, in
Mexico, m the month of March, 1848, he was
attacked with scrojidous irietw, which has so af-
fected his eyes as to produce almost total blind-
ness.
Mr. CLAY. There is nothing on the rccord
to show all this sickness, and therefore I object
to the bill.
The bill was passed over.
KENNEDY O'BRIEN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the hill (H.
R. No. 457) for the relief of Kennedy O'Brien.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Kennedy O'Brien on the listof in-
valid pensioners, and that he be paid a pension,
at the rate of eight dollars per mouth, from the
1st of January, 1854.
Mr. PUGH. I object to the bill.
The bill was passed over.
WILLIAM SUTTON.
The next bill was the bill (H. R. No. 346) for
the relief of William Sutton.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of William Sutton on the roli of invalid
pensioners, and cause him to be paid the sum of
six dollars per month, to commence from and after
the 5tft of February, 1858, and to continue during
]* the period of his natural life.
Mr. PUGH. I objcct to the bill.
The bill was passed over.
NEHEMIAH S. DRAPER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
