592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5.
tention of the House to it, since it is now printed
in my friend's speech. It is simply a denial of
Vallandigham that he did not keep his commis-
sion open with a view to deprive Mr. Campbell of
the opportunity to take his testimony.
Mr. Speaker, m this political investigation I
presume it is not expected that a committee, in
arriving at its conclusions, in all instances are to
have the same direct, positive, and conclusive
testimony upon facts that a judge or a jury in a
court of law would require in determining an is-
sue. This is a question of discretion. A question
of discretion is one thing, and a question which
is decided finally and prejudicially to a party is
another thing. The question before us is upon a
question of application for extension of time for
the taking more testimony, which, if granted, can-
not prejudice either of the ^parties. Let me state
the case here, Mr. Speaker, as clearly as I can, so
that this House will understand it.
It is stated in Mr. Campbell's application for
further time, that when his attorney served notice
upon Mr. Vallandigham, thatgentleman then gave
that construction to the law, and said thathe would
not attend; and he did not attend. In his answer
he answers everything minutely, cautiously, care-
fully, and like a lawyer; and not only answers,
but argues every point; but these two material
points are left unanswered, except the answer
which my friend from Georgia brought to the at-
tention of the House—that he said he did not give
his notices with a view of cutting off the sitting
member. He did not attend when the sitting mem-
ber was taking testimony, either in person or by
counsel, to cross-examine the witnesses. Then,
air, we have not only his failure to reply, but the
corroborating circumstances tending to show that
he failed to appear and cross-examine the sitting
member's witnesses, in order that legal exceptions
might be taken to their testimony when it was
brought before the committee.
Mr. TRIPPE. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from North Carolina a question. I feel consider-
able intereston this point, because, as I announced
the other evening, I put my vote upon this ques-
tion directly upon it; and I am now by no means
satisfied as I was the other evening.
I desire to call the attention of the gentleman to
this particular point. He is making, I admit, a
pretty plausible case that Mr. Vallandigham, the
contestant, did put that construction upon the
statute, and that he piotcsted against the right of
the sitting member to overlap Ins time and take
testimony while he (the contestant) was taking it.
That may be true; and it occurred, I believe, on
the 17th or 18th of March. The question 1 wish
to ask is—and that is the point upon which my
vote as a member of this House will depend—did
the sitting member act under that impression him-
self up to that time or afterwards ? Did he fail to
take testimony because he so construed the law?
Did he postpone giving notice of his intention to
take testimony up to the 17th of March because
he believed that before that time he could not do
it because of the notices of the contestant? Did
he believe himself to be unable to do so under per-
, haps a wrong construction of the act ? If he did,
if he believed that he could not take testimony,
and did not take testimony because, as a lawyer,
he so construed the law, then it would be cruel
not to give him further time.
I will make this further remark, sir: it no-
where appears that Mr. Campbell did, at that
time, give that construction to the law, except in
the statement of the committee. It is not in Mr.
Campbell's application or any where else. Ifitis
stated on this floor to be the fact, I shall be satisfied.
Mr. GILMER. I will say to my friend that it
is so stated in the minority report. The contest-
ant knew, the day before the report was submitted
to the House, what it contained; and he also knew
that if he had shown, either personally or through
his friends on the committee, any reasons why it
should not be stated in the report, the objection
would have been noticed in the report. The con-
testant was here all the time; he knew every day
what was going on in the committee; ho knew
what would be m the report; it was submitted to
his friends in the committee, and no exception was
taken to it. If there had been, and Air. Vallan-
digham had stated that there was any doubt about
the fact, the minority would have hesitated to
state the fact
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from North Carolina a single question to see
if I understand the course of remark he is now
pursuing. Does the gentleman desire to be un-
derstood as saying that the report of the minority
of the committee came under the personal observ-
ation of the contestant before it was presented to
the House, and that any statement of fact con-
tained in that report might have been corrected
by him if not consistent with fact ?
Mr. GILMER. Perhaps it would be going too
far to state that, and I will not do the gentleman
injustice by stating anything that is not strictly
true. What I sayis this: thatin deference to our
brethren on the committee, we caused this report
to be read over in the committee before it was
presented to the House, Mr. Vallandigham not
being present. I cannot state, at least, that he
was present. May be he was. But I will state
with great confidence that he knew what was in
the report, and must have known that the minor-
ity would not have inserted a statement of fact if
it was to be controverted here, without stating
that it was denied. I will add further, that when
the testimony of the contestant was taken, Mr.
Campbell was in the city of Washington; and
when he gave his notice, he endeavored to put it
in such shape that his taking of testimony should
commence after the conclusion of the contestant's
commissions, and as soon as he could get home.
Sir, I was pleased to hear the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] when he stated the rule
hy which he intended to be governed in coming
to a correct and fair conclusion in this case, and
upon this question. I think he laid down the
proper rule; but I regretted to see that, when he
came to argue the facts, instead of addressing him-
self to our judgment, he addressed himself to our
prejudices and to our passions. One prominent
argument which he presented by way of enlight-
ening the House as to whether this continuance
should be granted or not, was a letter which Mr.
Campbell wrote shortly after theelection, in reply
to an untimely notice of contest given him by the
contestant. That is a prominent reason why this
continuancc should not be granted.
Another reason which Mr. Yallandigham pre-
sents, and presses with great vehemence, is the
proposition made to him by Mr. Campbell on
April 2, 1857, winch, in substance, was this:
" Well, now, we arc both at home; we have got
the summer before us; we can go on and take all
the testimony we want; we need not trouble the
House with asking for an extension of time; we
can waive informality;you can accept my notices
and I will accept yours." My friend from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] thinks, because the contestant
replied, "Why, let us go again before the peo-
ple," that is an argument here to determine this
question, under the rules of impartiality. And,
in conclusion, my friend exclaimed, m an excited
manner, that we should now proceed to judgment
—that the time had come when we should go to
execution. He said that this delay was ail a pre-
text. And this was addressed to the House to
secure impartiality. That was addressed to the
House, of course with no improper desire to sway
its judgment in the decision of the question. If
I were disposed, Mr. Speaker, I think I could
show many things to operate on the southern
friends of Mr. Vallandigham, by way of preju-
dicing them against him. If 1 were disposed to
do any such thing, I could record his vote jn the !
Legislative Assembly of Ohio, in which he voted ;
to allow free negroes and other negroes to testify i
against white men. i
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I never cast such !
a vote. i
Mr. GILMER. I will show by the journal ;
that you did. \
Mr. SEWARD. I raise the point of order
whether the gentleman is not bound to confine ,
himself to the subject-matter under discussion ?
We will have talk enough about negroes before
we get through this Congress. ;
Mr. GILMER. I did not intend—God forbid ;
that I should—to hurt the feelings of any gentle- !
man; but when this comes to be examined, itwill ;
be incontestably shown by the journal that I am 1
right. \
Several Members. Read the journal.
Mr. SEWARD. I make the objection that the 1
question as to nigger voting m Ohio, so far as
the State of Ohio is concerned, has nothing to
do with this question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order, and thinks that the consideration
of questions in the Ohio Legislature cannot be
introduced into this House-.
Mr. HILL. May I ask a question of the gen-
tleman from Georgia?
Mr. SEWARD, Yes, sir.
Mr. HILL. Do you object to this information
going before the flouse lest it may inj u re the char-
acter of the contestant?
Mr. SEWARD. I have nothing to do with the
character of either of the contestant or sitting mem-
ber. Thatis amatterfortheirconstituents at home .
to settle. I do not know that I would indorse either
of them. I ask the gentleman [Mr. Hill] if he
indorses the political opinions of the sitting mem-
ber [Mr. Campbell] on the slavery question ?
Mr. HILL. I would remark to the gentleman
that he ought to have called the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] to order yesterday when
he read that irrelevant letter.
Mr. GILMER. I will state in brief what I
desire to show, and gentlemen can compare this
statement with the journal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from North Carolina cannot proceed
with the statement in order.
Mr. GILMER. I submit with great deference
to the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I move
that the gentleman have permission to make his
statement.
Mr. SEWARD. I insist on my question of
order. I want to vote on the question without re-
gard to niggers in any shape. I want to know
which of the gentlemen comes here indorsed by the
majority of the people of the district, and I shall
vote accordingly.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will withdraw his objection, and let the
gentleman [Mr. Gilmer] bnng in his statement.
Mr. Vallandigham has denied it.
Mr. SEWARD. If it suits the temper of the
House I withdraw it; but I have no relish for it
myself.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not think it proper to
introduce such subjects in the House; and I ob-
ject.
Mr. GILMER. I was simply going to show
that, as my friend from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
thought proper to indulge in these side-bar expla-
nations, and in these matters dehors the matters
at issue it might turn out that if Mr. Campbell
chose to do the same, he might have reasons as
thick as blackberries in the corners of fences, or
as huckleberries in the swamps.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I hope the objec-
tion will be withdrawn, and the gentleman be
allowed to proceed.
Mr. HILL. I would say, in justice to the con-*
testant himself, thathe desires the gentleman from
North Carolina to go on and read this vote. I hope
there will be no objection, since it is agreeable to
him.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I certainly stand im-
partial between these parties. I have taken no
part m this controversy. But I appeal to gentle-
men on both sides of this question, that matters
so purely irrelevant as this, which may provoke
asperity, crimination,and recrimination, to a cer-
tain extent, shall not be introduced in this House
on a question of this sort. It certainly is a matter
of no earthly consideration to any man sitting here
as judge or juror, what may have been the past
political opinions expressed by either of these
gentlemen on any question, in any convention or
Legislature. I therefore renew the point of order,
and intend to .maintain it. I trust that no irrele-
vant matter will be introduced in this discussion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I appeal to
the gentleman from Kentucky to withdraw his ob-
jection.
Mr. MILLSON. I have not withdrawn my
point of order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I regard it as discredit-
able to the House to allow discussions of this char-
acter to go on. It is a question of no importance
to the main question how gentlemen vote on any
proposition outside.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope objec-
tion will be withdrawn, now that injustice has
been done. The record shows that Mr. Vallan-
digham gave no such vote.
Mr. GILMER. I will proceed.
