1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1679
Overacker's Ferry, Walnut, Gower's Ferry, to Iowa City;
from Cascade, via Suplis Ford, to Wyoming; from Center-
ville, viaINIoravia, to Albia; from Clear Lake City,viaElk
Grove and ForcstCity,to Blue Earth, Minnesota Territory ;
fiom Corydon,via Warsaw, Medicineville, and Terre Haute,
Miosouu", to Scottsville; from Corydon, Iowa, to St. John,
Mj^ouri; from Crescent City, Iowa, to Florence, Nebraska
Toiritory; from Delhi to Nottingham, (on Dubuque and Pa-
cific railroad;) from Denntson, via Belvidere and Ashton,
to Dexter, in Nebraska Territory ; from Dcs Moines, via
Mitchell's, Grf-en Oastle, Edonvilie, and Starry Grove, to
Marietta; fiom Fort Dodge to Sioux Falls, in Minnesota
Territoiy ; from Fort Dodge, up west fork of Des Moines
river, to Spirit. Lake; from Greenfield . via Holadav's and
Pierson's Mill, to Adell; from Hardin, Iowa, via Waukou,
New Galena, Dorchester, Portland Prairie, Minnesota Ter-
ntoiy, and Caledonia, to Brownsville ; from Iowa Falls, Yia
Alden, Otisville, Fryburg, Belmond, Burr-Oak Grove, and
Forest City, to Blue Earth City, Minnesota Territory; from
Iowa Falls, via BeJmond, to Clear Lake City; from Leon,
via Stanley's Store and Spring Valley, to Nine Eagles; from
Lewis, via Wheeler's Grove, Farm Creek, and Silver Creek,
to Glenwood ; from Magnolia, via Preparation, Belvidere,
and Smithland, to Oorrectionville ; from Marietta, via Ne-
vada, Boonsboio, and New Jefferson, to Carrollton ; from
Mitchell, via Plymouth, to Mason City; from Mount Ver-
non, via Linden and Paddmgton, to Wapsa; from New
Jefferson, via Lake City, and Raccoon Fork, to Sac City;
from Onawa, by Smithland and Cherokee, to Spirit Lake;
from Osage, via Shell RockFalls, to Mason City; from Os-
sian, via Calmar, Buchanan, New Oregon, Vernon Springs,
Morgan, and Grainger, to Forreston; from Ottumwa, via
Chilhcothe, and Cuba, to Alhia; fiom Sac City, viaLane's
Grove, Spirit Lake, and Springfield, Minnesota, to Wau-
kato; from Sioux City, via Wesificld and Nicolet, to Sioux
Falls; from Tipton, via Madison and Centre of Jones
county, to Cascade; from Walnut Fork, via Madron and
the Centre of Jones county, to Cascade; from Webster
City, via Dacotah City, Paoli, and Ins.h Colony, to Spirit
Lake; from Webster City, via Copper's Grove, to Wau-
kato, Minnesota Territory ; from West Liberty, via Pike,
to Port Allen ; from Wilton Junction, via Tipton, to Lou-
don Station, on the Chicago, Iowa, and Nebraska railroad.
PAUPER AND CRIMINAL IMMIGRANTS.
Mr. KENNEDY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill to
regulate and restrain the immigration or importation into
the United States of foreign paupers and criminals.
POST ROUTE IN MTCHIGAN.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing apo*t route from Ontonagon to Copper Ilaibor
m the State of Michigan.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, on Saturday last
I voted in the majority to postpone to the first
Monday of December next, the bill (S. No. 65)
to authorize the President of the United States to
contract for the transportation of the mails, troops,
seamen, munitions of war, and all other Govern-
ment service, by railroad, from the Missouri river
to San Francisco, in the State of California. I
desire to move a reconsideration of that vote, and
as this is the last day on which the motion can
ho made, I present it now as a privileged question.
I shall not ask for action upon it at this time. I
only wish the motion to be recorded for future ac-
tion.
The motion was recorded accordingly
SAN FRANCISCO MARINE HOSPITAL.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the indulgence of the Senate
to take up the joint resolution (S. No. 2) to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and
settle the accounts of the contractor for the erec-
tion of the United States marine hospital at San
Francisco, California. I hope there will be no
objection to the motion. The resolution merely
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to take
up and adjust these accounts. This contractor,
on account of the embarrassments connected with
this undertaking, and some others, has become
insane, and is now in a lunatic asylum, and his
family are in great distress. I hope the joint reso-
lution will be acted on now. It has passed the
Senate on one or two previous occasions, and it
has been reported upon by the Committee on
Claims favorably.
Mr. IVERSON. The wife of this contractor,
Mr. Charles Homer, called on me this morning
and presented an exceedingly affecting appeal. I
understand from her that her husband, who was
the contractor for the erection of this asylum, and
to whom a considerable sum of money isundoubt-
edly due on account of it, was also the contractor
with the Government for the erection of the cus-
tom-house at Richmond, Virginia. At the in-
stance of Mr. Guthrie, under whom this contract
was made, he agreed and undertook to furnish
Virginia stone for the construction of the building,
instead of importing stone from Maine, and other
northeastern States. As a matter of pride to grat-
ify the Virginia people, he undertook to furnish
stone from the quarries of Virginia. Owing to the
great difficulties he had to obtain it, he has been
called upon to expend very much larger sums of
money in the execution of the contract than oth-
erwise would have been expended. About three
or four weeks ago, he then laboring under great
distress of mind, the Secretary of the Treasury
insisted, as he could not go on, that the contract
should be abrogated, and turned over to the Gov-
ernment for further execution. Under these cir-
cumstances, having paid out every cent he was
able to rake or scrape to his employes, and they
not being willing to go on with the work, it af-
fected him so that he was attacked with a very
severe brain fever, and in recoveringfrem that he
became deranged, and two weeks ago was carried
to the lunatic asylum at Staunton, Virginia, and
is now in that place. His physicians, as I under-
stand from his wife, express the belief that if he
were relieved from his pecuniary embarrassments
(and the amount which this bill would bring to
him might possibly enable him to go on with the
work at Richmond, or satisfy the Secretary of the
Treasury that he would be able to do so) it would
cheer him in such a manner as perhaps to restore
him to health. Under these circumstances I can-
not but assist the motion made by the Senator
from California, to take up this joint resolution,
and pass it.
I may as well explain the facts of the case now,
as afterwards, when the resolution shall be taken
up. Mr. Homer made a contract with a former
Secretary of the Treasury for the erection of a ma-
rine hospital at San Francisco, California. After
the contract was entered into, a first, and then a
second supplemental contract was entered into,
by which the building was materially changed and
enlarged. There was a certain amount of money
appropriated by Congress for the construction of
the building. By the alteration of the contracts,
the enlargement of the building, and the increased
expenditure consequent upon it, Mr. Homer had
to advance large sums of money, not only in the
purchase of materials, but in the employment of
carpenters and other mechanics. Tne vouchers
were presented to the Secretary of the Treasury,
and they may be adjudicated and examined at any
time; but the appropriation is exhausted. The
Secretary of the Treasury cannot adjust the ac-
counts of Mr. Homer under this contract, be-
cause the amount appropriated by Congress has
been exhausted, ana it requires an additional ap-
propriation to enable him to pay the balance due
to Mr. Homer.
At the last Congress a similar joint resolution
was referred to the Committee on Claims, and
reported by Mr. Brodhead precisely in the terms
of this resolution. A report was made by Mr.
Brodhead at that time, which the Committee on
Claims, at the present session, have adopted, in
these words:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred the
joint resolution to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to audit and settle the accounts of the conti actor for erect-
ing the United States marine hospital at San Francisco,
California, report:
That they have examined the joint resolution and the fol-
lowing letter from the Department, giving the views of the
Secretary of the Treasury in its favor.
The committee repmt the resolution without amendment,
and recomm«nd its passage.
Here follows a letter from Mr. Clark, chief
clerk of the construction office, as follows:
Treasury Department, February 18,1857.
Sir: T am requested by Major Bowman (who left hur-
riedly for Charleston this mornmg) to say to you that it
would be almost, if not enluelv, impossible for the com-
mittee to investigate fully during the remainder of the tes-
sion of Congress, the voluminous details of the claim of C.
Homer for extra work on the marine hospital at San Fian-
cisco; and that the Secretary approves of the resolution of
the Senate, to ret'er the matter to him, to be finally bottled
on just ana equitable puuciples.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, S. M. CLARK,
Chief Clerk oj Construction,
Hon. R. Brodhead,
Chairman Committee on Claims, Senate Chamber.
At this session, this claim was presented to the
committee. Understanding, from a reliable source,
that the vouchers were of a very voluminous char-
acter, and the account rather intricate, we found
it to be impracticable to go through them, and as~,
certain the amount justly due. Under the .circum-
stances, we reported the joint resolution, which
was passed at the last session, with an amend-
ment. Instead of authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay whatever may be found to be
justly due under the contract, we say thi§:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to settle and adjust the accounts of
the contractor for the erection of the United.States marme
hospital at San Francisco, California, and to pay to said con-
tractor, out of any money in'the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the amount that may be found to be justly due
to him under the contracts made between said contractor
and the proper officers of the Government in refeience to
said building.
There is no difficulty about it. The contract
controls the prices, controls the expenditures, and
of course the contractor is entitled to everything
due under the contract. All that is proposed by
the resolution is, to authorize the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to take up his vouchers and
pass upon them, and then the resolution appro-
priates a sufficient sum of money to pay whatever
may be found due under the contract made be-
tween him and the proper officers of the Govern-
ment in reference to tne building, the contract
being the governing law of the adjudication and
settlement.
This resolution was called up last Friday, in
the course of our progress with the Calendar, and
was objected to by the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Benjamin,] on the ground that it did not
make an appropriation; but I think the Senator
was mistaken; he could not have understood the
resolution, because the resolution expressly pro-
vides for the payment, in these words:
" And to pay to said contractor, out of any money in the
Treasury not otheiwi.se appropiiated, the amount that may
be found to bp justly due to him under the contracts made
between said contractor and the proper officers of the Gov-
ernment in reference to said building."
That appropriates whatever may be found to be
due. The accounting officers take up the vouchers,
examine them, pass upon them, and they ascer-
tain the amount and pay it. I trust, sir, the res-
olution will, under the circumstances, be taken up
by the Senate without any further delay.
The motion of Mr. Gwin was agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to settle, upon principles of equity and jus-
tice, the accounts of the contractor for the erection
of the marine hospital at San Francisco, and to
pay to him whatever amount may be found to be
justly due under his contract.
The joint resolution was reported from the
Committee on Claims, with an amendment to
strike out of the original resolution the following
words:
" Upon principles of equity and justice, the accounts of
the contractor for the erection of the United Slates marine
hospital at San Francisco, California, and to pay to said con-
tractor, outof any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, whatever amount may be found to be justly due
to him under the said contract,"
And to insert;
"And adjust the accounts of the contractors for the erec-
tion of the United States marine hospital at San Francisco,
California, and to pay to said contractor, out of any money
m the Tr^asuiy not otherwise appiopriated, the amount that
may be found to be justly due to him under the contracts
made between said contractor and the proper officeia of the
Government in reference to said building."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time, and
MEXICAN PROTECTORATE*
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up the reso-
lution I had the honor to submit some weeks since
on the subject of a protectorate over Mexico and
Central America; and I believe it is in order to
offer some remarks on that motion.
Mr. HUNTER. I must say, in regard to that
motion, that I shall have no objection to it, pro-
vided it will not supersede the consideration of the
special order. When is the hour for its consid-
eration ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Atone o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I will say that of course
I do not object to taking up the resolution, if at
