1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2703
R. No. 511) forthe relief of Nchemiah S. Draper |
and William Holden, heirs-at-law of Mary Dra- [
per, deceased, which had'been reported adversely |
by the Committee on Pensions. I
Mr. CLAY. I move the indefinite postpone- i
men t of the bill. 1
The motion was agreed to.
TIMOTHY L. O'lCEEFFEE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 267) for the relief of Timothy L.O'Keeffee,
which had been reported adversely by the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. CLAY. I move its indefinite postpone-
ment.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN B. ROPER.
The bill (H. R. No. 331) for the relief of John
B. Roper was next considered by the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Postmaster General to pay to
John 13. Roper, in addition to the sum already ]
paid him, the sum of 4300 for services performed
on mail route No. 13336.
Mr. FE8SENDEN. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the report; from which it
appears that Roper, at the mail lettmgs m the
winter of 1854, put in two bids on routes Nos.
13335 and 13336. The first-named route, running
from Carlyle, Clinton county, Illinois, to Mus-
couta, is twenty-seven miles, and the other, from
Carlyle to Hillsboro', Montgomery county, is
fniiy miles' distance. Route No. 13336, a dis-
tance of forty miles, was given to him under his
bid, as stands upon the books of the Department,
for V200, and route No. 13335 was given to an-
other for Si®- Tlie petitioner alleges that lie
intended to have reversed the order of his bids,
making the highest bid cover the longest route; :
they should have been, and were designed by j
him to be, on route No. 13336, forty miles, $2<5,
and on route No. 13335, twenty-seven miles,
#,200, just transposing them. lie has performed
the service on route No. 13336, forty miles, foi
$200 per annum, and the committee are clearly
of the opinion that he is justly entitled to the ad-
ditional sum of seventy-five dollars per annum, >
which, for the four years, the period of his con- i
tract, amounts to the sum of ^300.
The bill was leported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a thud reading, read the >
third time, and passed. j
JOSEPH CLYMER.
The bill (S. No. 433) for the relief of Joseph
Clvmei, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that there shall be paid to Joseph
Clvmer the sum of $15,070, in full for all claims
by him for losses or damages on account of the
coutiactentered mto-between himself and the Uni-
ted States, represented by Thomas Swords, lieu-
tenant colonel, quartermaster of the United States
Army, on the 18th of April, 1851, and by reason
of the. failure of the United States to perform the
WILSON. I ask for the reading of the
^Jlr'.HUNTER. I object to the consideration
of the bill. The Court of Claims, I understand,
have decided against the claim.
WIDOWS' HALF PAY.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Alle>j, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 36) giving constructioni to the
second section of the act of February 3, 1oj3, to
continue half pay to certain widows and orphans, j
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested; which, on motion of Mr. Hamlin, was 1
lead twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions. j
BILLS BECOME LAWS. j
A message from the President of the United j
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced |
that the President had approved and signed, the i
3d instant, the following acts and resolutions: j
A resolution devolving upon 4 the Secretary of :
War the execution of the act of Congress end- ,
tied " An act supplemental to an act therein men- j
tioned," approved December 22, 1854;
A resolution for the benefit of the widow of .
Commander William Lewis Herndon, United
States Navy;
An act confirming locations of land warrants
under ccrtain circumstances;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Richard D.
Rowland, deceased, and otheis; and
An act to extend an act entitled " An act to con-
tinue half pay to certain widows and orphans,"
approved February 3, 1353.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED-
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint reso-
lution; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President: _ .
An act for the relief of Benjamin L. McAtee
and Isaac N. Eastham, of Louisville, Kentucky;
An act making appropriations for the payment
of clerks employed in the offices of the registers
of the land offices at Oregon City and Winches-
ter, in the Territory of Oregon;
An act for the relief of George W. Biscoe;
An act for the relief of Oliver P. Hovey; -
An act for the relief of Richard B. Alexander;
An act for the relief of Simeon Stedman;
An act for the relief of Susannah Redman,
widow of Lloyd Redman;
An act for the relief of Captain Stanton Sholes;
An act making appropriations forthe consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1859;
An act for the relief of Joseph Webb;
An act for the relief of Robert AV. Cushmaii,
formeily an acting purser m the Navy;
An act for the relief of Micajah Brooks;
An act for the relief of Isaac Body and Sam-
I ucl Fleming; , ,
An act for the relief of Job Stafford, of the
State of New York;
An act for the relief of Elizabeth McBrier, only
surviving child and heir of Colonel Archibald
Loughrey, deceased; .
An act for the relief of Benjamin Wakefield;
An act for the relief of Lewis M. Broadwell;
and
A resolution for the relief of General Sylvester
Churchill.
THOMAS LAURENT.
Mr. PUGH. I objected the other day to the
consideration of a small bill (S. No. 334) for the
relief of Thomas Laurent, surviving partner of the
firm of Benjamin & Thomas Laurent. I withdraw
my objection, and move that that bill be now
taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It requires the Secretary of War to pay to
Thomas Laurent, surviving partner of the firm of
Benjamin & Thomas Laurent, or to his legal i ep-
resentatives, the sum of $15,000, being the amount
paid by that firm, on that day, to Major General
Winficld Scott, in the city of Mexico, for the pur-
chase of a house in that city, out of the posses-
sion of which they were since ousted by the Mex- j
ican authorities. i
Mr. PUGH. I offer an amendment, in line ;
seven, after the word " dollars," to insert " with ;
interest at the rate of six per cent, yearly, from '
the llth of November, 1847."
Mr. HUNTER. I must object to the consid-
eration of this bill, if we aie to have a discussion
about interest. .
Mr. PUGH. If this bill does not pass, which
is a plain case, the parties will sue Geneial Scott,
j and we shall not only have to pay the money, but
; have to pay four or five lawyeis. It is a plain
■ case of having got the money of these people on
] a failure of title". The hill is simply to pay back
i the purchase money.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. 'The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. SL1DELL. 1 object to the third reading
of the bill to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it must
be passed over.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders, and take up the naval appropriation
bill.
Mr. GREEN. I hope the Senate will not take
that course. We have gone through the Calen-
dar, and passed bills to which there were no ob-
jections. There are other bills that one or two
Senators may object to, and yet a majority may
want to pass. I desire to give those men a hear-
ing, and I think it is right, and just, and proper,
that they should have a hearing. I hope the Sen-
ate will vote down the proposition of the Senator
from Viiginia.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would submit to the
Senator from Virginia, whether, as the Senate
has been going on very successfully with the pri-
vate business, he had not better allow us io con-
clude the Private Calendar entirely. _
Mr. HUNTER. We have got through the Pri-
vate Calendar; none but objected cases remain,
and we might lose the whole day on a single one
of them. I have waited until we got through the
Calendar before making this motion. If we are
to adjourn on Thursday next, we ought surely to
dispose of the appropriation bills.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have not got through
with the Calendar. There are a large number of
bills that have not been disposed of. because soma
one Senator said, " I object." I think we could
very soon pass from thirty to forty private bills
which have not been acted upon to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us take the sense of the
Senate; I have not a word more to say.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I agree with the Senator
from Missouri, in expressing the hope that the
Senate will not proceed to the consideration of
the Navy appropriation bill this evening, and if
the Senate decline to take up that bill, I shall ask
for an executive session. 1 am, of course, not at
liberty to do more than allude to the nature of the
business calling for an executive session, but the
Senate understands it, and I think the majority
feel quite as much interest in the accomplishment
of that business confided to my charge as any
other. I know it is equally as pressing; and if
the Senate does not afford me an opportunity of
considering it early, and some days before the
adjournment, we shall probably be called upon to
consider it in such a manner as not to please many
| of US who are desirous to get home soon. I hope
' the Senate will vote down the motion of the Sen-
' ator from Virginia, and then proceed to the con-
| sideration of executive business,
i Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays on
i Mr Hunter's motion; and they were ordered,
i Mr. IVERSON. I wish to ask a question of
i the Senator from Virginia. If we take up the
i naval appropriation bill, does he expect us to go
j on with it and finish it to-night? It not, I do not
see any use in taking it up.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 22; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bi'lcr. Bright, Clark, Clay, Cling-
nian. Pe^eiidcn, Fuz|iamclt, ttivin, Hale, Hunter, John-
son of Arkansas Kc-imedj , M.illory. Ma-on. Poarce, Polk,
Ueid, BhdoU, Thomson ot New Jersey, loombd, anu
^ N V YS— Bell. Ijenjamin, Crodericlt, thrown, Crit-
teiidrn, Doohttic, FitUi, Foot, Fo-ter, Crccn. Ilnmlin,
Houston. I vomih, Johnson of Tcnnc^ec, Jones. Pug", fee-
baf-uan. Sewaul, Simmon*, Smart, Vvade, and vviison—a—
So the motion was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from theHouse of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that tho
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
! A bill (C. C. No. 84) for the relief of Ferdi-
nand Coxe; and
i A bill (C. C. No. 85) for the relief of Peter
; Parker.
j EXECUTIVE SESSION.
I Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. . , ,
| Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I move that
j the Senate adjourn.
, The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; there
' bein11", on a division—ayes 13, noes 23.
' Mr. Sebastian's motion was agreed to; there
beino-j on a division—ayes 21, noes 19; and after
sometime spent in the consideration of executive
business, the doors were reopened, and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
