THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C/RIVES, WASHINGTON. D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. HUGHES. If I had known that the gen-
tleman from Virginia was on the floor, I should
not have sought it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lecognized the
gentleman from Virginia. The floor was taken
from him by the gentleman from Tennessee; but,
had the point been raised, the Chair would have
ruled that the gentleman from Tennessee could
not have taken the floor from the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the consent of the House
to introduce, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, a bill to construct ten small sloops-of-war.
I hope there will be no objection to the introduc-
tion of the bill. I hope the House will then, with-
out objection, allow the bill to take its first and
sccond reading, and let it be finally actcd upon.
If there is obiection I shall move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to give no-
tice, that if the rules are suspended I shall move
to amend so as to make the number twenty instead
of ten.
The bill was read.
Mr. BOCOCK. I now offer my motion to sus-
pend the rules, m the following form:
Resolved, That the mles be suspended for the puipose of
allowing the Committee on Naval Altairb to repoit a bill
anthoi i/in<j the construction of ten tsloop&-of-wdi,and that
the bill be considered m the House at this time.
Mr. HATCH. I desire to give notice, that if
the rules are suspended, and the bill brought be-
fore the House, I shall move to amend so as to
provide for the construction of three war steamers
for the northwestern lakes.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 127, nays 6G; as follows:
VEAW—Messr.-. Abl. Andeidori. Arnold. Atkiti-, Avcrv,
Barlwiale, Bi-hop. H.x-oek. Honham, liowie. Uoy<\ Hut-
nt'tt, Binu*, Ca-kie, Cavm.iuyh, Chapman, John 15. ('latk,
dawson, Cl.u. ("('men-, Colui, C'iaik 1). Coehiaue, John
Cochiano. Coekoiill. Coliax. ('omiiw. C'oi nuiir, Cox, Jame<
Cram, Buiton Crai^e, Ctawtoid, Ctniy, David-on. Lhivi.sof
Indiana, Davis of Mar-sachu&etN. Dick, Duntniek, Dowdell,
Edie, Edmundson, English, Uu-*ti>, Faulknci, Florence,
Foley, Garnett, (J-amell, ( ilhs, (iilman, (Jjlincr, Goode,
Ore™, Gioe&beck, Lawrence W. [Jail. Robert f*. Half, J.
JMotn.sori Harris, Thomas I>. Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill,
Iloard, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jcw-
ett, J. Giancy Jone>, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Landy,
liPidy. Letcher, Maoiay, McKibbm, McQueen. Samuel S.
Martial), Ma-on. Mayiiard, Mile-, Millet. Mill-on. Moore,
Edward Jov Mori is. Isaac \T Moms, Fieeinan H Morse,
Niblaek, Nichols, Peyton, William VV. Phelps, Phiihps,
Powell, Quitman, Heady, Reagan, Reilly, Ricaud, Robbms,
Royce, Kuffin, Russell, Savage, Scales Scott, Sewaid,
Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shoiter, Singleton. William
Smith, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stevvait, Talbot,
George Taylor, Tnppe, Undeiwood, Vallandigham. Waul,
White, Wlmeley, Wm^lmv, Wood. Woodson, Wcuten-
dyke, Augustus It. Wright, John V.'Wright, and Zollieof
ler—127.
NAYS—Mcssis. Abbott. Andrews Bennett, Bilhrighurj-t,
Bingham. Blaii, Bliss, Hrajton, Bulfinton. Burlingame,
Case, Chaflee, tfzra Clark, Cragin. Cuius, Davn ot Mai} -
land, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, De.ui, Dodd, Duihj«, I'anih
worth, Fenton, Poster, Gooeh, Goodwill, Grander, Cuuv,
Harlan. Hoitoii. Ilowaid. George W. Jone*, Kellozg. Kel-
sev, Kilgore, Knupp, John C. Kunkel, Leitei. i«ovejoy,
Matieson. Mois.tn. MornM. Oliver A. AIoix , M"tl. Mm ray,
Palmei, Parker, Pcttif, J'ike, Potter, Pmuanee. Ritchie.
Roheits, John Sherman. Stanton. Wilhain Stowart/L'hayei.
Tompkins-, Wade, VVaihridge, Waldion, Walton. Cadw.tl-
ader C Waihbuin, Elhlm B VWislihurne, Isiael Washburn,
and Wilson— 66
So the rules were notsuspended,two thirds not
having voted therefor.
Pending the call of th?roll,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that he had
paired olF with'Mr. Burroughs, otherwise he
should have voted " ay."
Mr. DICK stated that Mr. Adrain was ill, and
was unable to attend.
Mr. MORGAN stated that Mr. Sherman, of
Now York, had paited off with Mr. Scaring.
Mr. BRANCH stated that if he had been within
the bar when his name was called,he should have
voted m the affirmative.
170
MONDAY, JUNE 7, 1858.
New Series....No. 170.
Mr. SANDIDGE stated that if he had been j
within the bar when his name was called, he |
should have voted in the affirmative. j
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. With the un- j
derstanding that my vote shall not be construed i
into an approval of this war humbug, but becausc
I am in favor of an increase of the present peace
establishment, I change my vote, and vote "ay."
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House, as it is private bill day, to in-
troduce a joint resolution, which will dispose of
thirty-six bills on the Calendar. It is a subject
which this Congress should not adjourn without
disposing of. 1 ask unanimous consent to in-
troduce the following-joint resolution:
Resolved, «$•<., That the second section of the act approved
the 3d day of February, 1853, entitled u An act to continue
half pay to eeitain widows and oipnans," shall be con-
strued in accordance with the decision of the Court of
Claims in the case of Jane Smith, as granting pensions to
the widows therein provided for. from the 4th day ofMareh,
18-18, and that all amounts due under the ^aid second sec
tion atoichaid, for pensions accruing between the said 4th
day of Maich, 18-18, and the 3d day of Kehi nary, 1K>:1, -shall
be paid to the poisons respectively entitled thereto, at the
sevetal pension agencies out of any money in the Ti'easuty
not otheiwise appropiiated, under such rules and rei*u!a
tions a> shall be prescribed by the rtecretatv ot the Inte-
rior: Provided, That no widow shall be allowed any pen-
sion toi t lit same time dm inn which her husband was living,
and in the receipt of a pen-ton.
Mr. COBB. I hope I shall be allowed to make
a statement m refeience to this bill. I was the
chairman of the committee of conference when
the hill which this proposes to construe was
passed; and I can state exactly what was the in-
tention of the committee of conference.
Mr. STANTON. I will first state, if the House
will permit me 
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman permit me to
malic a statement then ?
Mr. STANTON 1 have no objection, if no
other £onlli man objects.
xMr.\T. GLANCY JONES. I have no objec-
tion to the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio
if he will demand the ptevioas question,and cut
off debate upon it.
Mr. STANTON. Very well. I will call the
previous question after having made a short state-
ment.
Mr. COBB. Then I shall object to the resolu-
tion.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I flsk ^the gentleman to
allow me to make a statement:'
Mr. STANTON. Let me first have a single
minute.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do I understand
that the resolution has been received ?
Mr. STANTON. No, certainly not. But I
wish to make a single statement, if the House will
permit me. The Committee of Claims weic di-
vided upon the construction of the law. There
is a majority lepori and a mmoiity report. It is
purely a question of law; and I propose, if the
rales aie suspended, to have the report of the ma-
jority and minority read, which will present afdir
view of the case on both sides; and 1 then pro-
pose to demand the previous question.
Mr. COBB. I object to the resolution, if that
course is to be taken. I know as much about tins
ease us the Court of Claims do, and I shall ob-
ject, unless I can be heard. I know the court has
made a wronur decision.
Mr. JONLS, of Tennessee. The gentleman
has made his statement about it,and now I wish
to say a word. I concur with the gentleman from
Ohio that it is ri^ht that the House should act
upon this question during the present session.
There are various claim* under this law—1 do
not know how many widows of revolutionary
soldiers there may be undent—and unless a gen- j
oral act is pnssed, they will brine; their claims here, [\
perhaps, until eveiy one is disposed of. And not J
only that, but they will have to apply to th-x Court |j
of Claims for similar decisions, and pay attorneys :i
for prosecuting thmr churns. There are now, i -!
understand, thirty-six cases upon the Private 'j
Calendar, coming under this construction ot the |!
law. I think the decision of the Court of Claims
is wrong, but, I think it is better for the House to
dispose of this matter 111 some way by a general
law.
Mr. COBB. I object to this debate, unless I
can have an opportunity to reply.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
It is not in order for three gentlemen to speak at
the same time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the gen-
tleman from Virginia has made one of a dozen
before now.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I object to all
debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is one other
point I should like to notice.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I withdraw all
objection, so fai as the gentleman from Tennessee
is concerned.
JVtr. JONES, of Tennessee. The point to
which I wish to call the attention of the gentle-
man from Ohio, and members of this House 
Mr. CHAFFEE. I object to debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If that is the dispo-
sition, I hope that the rules will not be suspended.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. McCiUEEN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tollers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
121, noes 27
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in the affirmative.)
The resolution was read a first and sccond time.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asiu'ry Dickies their Secretary, notifying
the House that that body had concurred in the
amendment of the House to the joint resolution
changing the day for the adjournment of Con-
gross.] "
Mr. STANTON. This resolution proposes to
put a construction upon the law of 1853, upon
which pension certificates have already issued to
the pensioners. It may be that, under the reso-
lution which was read at the Clerk's desk, it
would be necessary to issue new certificates to
entitle the parties to the pensions accruing between
1S48 and 1853. The gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Davidson] has placed in injr hands a sub-
stitute, which is like my own resolution, except
that it has incorporated in it a provision that the
pension shall be paid by the several pension agen-
cies, on the certificates heretofore issued under
the law of 1853. I desire, if it is m order, to ac-
cept the substitute of the gentleman from Louis-
iana, m lieu of the proposition 1 have offered.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that the
resolution was got in under the suspension of the
rules. It has been icad a first and second time,
and is now upon its engrossment and third read-
ing. It is, therefore, now open to amendment.
The SPEAKER. It. is open to amendment.
The suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio was
to accept the substitute of the gentleman from
Louisiana. The Chan- was going to suggest that
the purpose the gentleman had in view could be
better answered by moving an amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
can offer that, and the House can vote between
the two.
Mr. STANTON. I move to insert, then, as
a substitute, what I send to the Clerk.
The amendment was read, as follows:
That the *eeond section of the act appioved February 3,
1>< >3, entitled An act to continue half pay to eeitam wid-
ows and orphans,*' in the following words : that the wid-
ow< ol'all offi^eis, non commissioned officer, mu-ieianp,
and pnvates of the revolnlKtn.iiy army, who were married
smb.-equent to Januaiv, 1800, siial! be entitled to a pension
m the same maunei as thos-e who weic marned betoio that
d.ue," shall be construed a> grant ma pensions to all widows
therein provided for fioni the 4th day ot March, in-
stead ot fiom the date of the act heiehy amended, as de-
cided l v ihcCouituf Chum-.11 the oa-o of Jii'ie Smith ;
and ihe amomu due andei >aid act trom the -Uh of Maien,
