1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
toisand ofthe motives oftheii alliance " * * * *
The question, however, with regard to South America, he
believed, was now disposed of, or nearly so; for an event
had recently happened, than which no event had ever dis-
persed greater joy, exultation, and gratitude over all the
freemen in Europe; an event in which he, as an Englishman,
connected by ties of blood and language with America, took
peculiar satisfaction. An event, ho repeated, had happened
which was decisive on that subject; and that event was the
message of the President of the United States to Congress.
The line of policy winch that message disclosed became a
uteatand independent nation ; and he hoped his Majesty's
ministers would be prevented by no mean pride or paltry
jealousy from following <?o noble andillustuousan example,
ile trusted that, as the United States had had the glory of
j-etting, we should have the good taste to follow, the example
of holding fast by free institutions, and of assisting our
brother freemen, m whatever part of the globe they should
be found, in placing bounds to that impious alliance wluch,
if it ever succeeded in bringing down the Old World to its
own degraded level, would not hesitate to attempt to mas-
ter the New World too."
Mr. Canning, the Premier, in reply, stated
that:
u In some of the principles laid down m the message of
the President of the United States he entirely agieed ; and
he might be permitted to say that, long before the message
went foith, it was distinctly admitted :n the State Papers of
Great Britain that the question between the mother coun-
try and the colonies was not a fit «ub|ect for foreign inter-
ference ; but he did notagioe in the principle thatthe parent
State had not a light, if she could, to lecover her own colo-
nial dominions.'" fMr. Bionghmii motioned that such a
principle was not laid down.] " Mr. Canning, continuing:
In the paper to which the honorable and learned gentleman
leferred, there was a passage which many individuals con-
strued in that way, and he certainly understood the honor-
able andleainet!gentleman sr> to have construed it. He was
clearly of opinion with the President o{ the United States,
that riofoioign State had a right to interfere, pending the
dispute between the colonies and the mother country ; but
ho was as strongly of opinion that the mother country had
it right to attempt to lecover her colonies if she thought
proper."
Mr. Canning's construction of the message was
clearly correct, as will have been seen from the
extracts which I have read from that document.
Spain, ruled by France, as the swordsman of the
lioly Alliance, was included in the declaration
that—
" With the Governments who have declared their inde-
pendence and maintain it, and whos>o independence we
have, on great consideration, and on jiut principles, ac-
knowledged, we could not view any interposition for the
put pose of oppressing them, or controlling m any other
wanner their destiny by any European Power, in any other
light than as the manifestation of an unfriendly disposition
towards the United States."
It lias often been asserted, sir, that Mr. Can-
ning originated the Monroe doctrine. It has been
seen to what extent he is entitled to that credit.
The announcement of that doctrine, as valuable
a purpose as it served his Government, perhaps
look no one more by surprise than himself. Little
could it have been imagined that a young republic,
with nothing like half of its present population,
could summon resolution to proclaim at the top
of its voice, to all the potentates of the other hem-
isphere, in substance: "You may manage your
affairs as you choose there, but you shall not carry
your system, or systems, of government to the
world of the West. With stout hearts and strong
minds, and, above all, relying upon God'sfavor,
•we will pievent the establishment of any new Eu-
ropean alliances in this hemisphere, or perish in
the effort."
At the time of preparing his message, it may
have been seen by Mr. Monroe that circiimslsine.es
might arise rendering it necessary that the exer-
cise of a controlling influence over one or another
of those young republics would become a neces-
sity on the part of this country. Mr. Clay, in
liis zeal for their recognition, has asserted in his
place in the other House, that " it would bo im-
pugning the wisdom of Almighty God to suppose
that lie had created beings incapable of self-gov-
ernment;" but Mr. Monroe was not, perhaps,
quite so sanguine. He, however, was determined,
as far as his official influence could be advantage-
ously employed, in the instance of those repub-
lics, that the experiment should have a fair trial.
But, if it should result in failure, no foreign Power
should attempt their resubjugation. It would be-
come a duty, under our mantle, to nourish, cher-
ish, and protect such as could not take care of
themselves. The unlocking of the rich, varied,
rmtmai stores of Mexico, would redound not only
to an enlarged welfare of that country, but to the
good of every country interested m commerce and
in enlightened civilization. She is, literally, the
thriftless " talent tied up in a napkin." She can
never be otherwise until we exercise a controlling
influence over her. We must make her respect-
able and respected. She has been going down so
long that she is incapable of"rising. With life and
property secure, it is estimated that she could pro-
duce $100,000,000 of silver annually. Instead of
fifteen or twenty miles of railroads, she might, in
a score of years, have as many hundred. With
such an attractive climate and fruitful soil and va-
riegated scenery, she would become the center of
fashionable travel, and the abode of enterprising
industry; and the occurrence would not only com-
mand the approval, but also the admiration of
Great Britain and other European States. The
London Times, which molds rather than follows
public opinion, says:
"There is not a statesman who would wish to see Great
Britain hamper herself with an inch of Mexican ground.
Let the United States, when they are finally prepared font,
enjoy all the advantages and responsibility of ownership,
and our merchants at Liverpool and elsewhere will be quite
content with the trade that may spring out of it. The ca-
pacity of the Mexican population, for appreciating a consti-
tutional rule, is not so remarkable that we should volunteer
to administer it."
The Monroe doctrine has been repeatedly ridi-
culed of recent years, and by grave Senators, as
the merest of abstractions—as unmeaning as value-
less. But let me tell you, sir, that, bat for that
doctrine, Texas, probably, had never entered your
Confederacy. Canning might have yielded toPo-
lignac for the consolidation of a monarchical or
anstocratical form of government for the ci-devant
colonies of Spain, by which, of course, she would
have been included as one of those colonies, had
it not been for the seasonable declaration of that
doctrine, and the thrill of joyous delight with
which it was hailed by the votaries of liberty
everywhere. On this account alone I may be par-
doned for fancying that it is deserving of a wor-
thier designation, even by the most violent tongue,
than an abstraction. When Cortez returned to
Madrid from his conquering expedition to Amer-
ica, he went to Court. The haughty Charles V.,
observing his stately mein, as he approached him,
emphatically demanded: "Who are you, sir?5'
" The man, replied he, "who has given you more
provinces than your ancestors left you cities!"
With equal truth may it be said of Texas, that
she has been instrumental in giving the Union
more dollars than its founders left it cents. She
has been instrumental in developing its resources
more in twelve years than had been previously
developed in sixty. I do not mention this in a
spirit of vain glory. Who could be vain-glo-
rious of such a Stater—a State that is advancing
with giant's strides in all that constitutes a State,
to the head of the column of the southern division
of the Union? The time may come—yes, will
come, sir—when, if she shall be as properly cared
for by this Government, in her intercourse with
Mexico, as New York has been cared for m her
intercourse with the British Provinces, she may
be to that division what the Empire State is to
the northern division. But, whatever her future
power, I trust that the language of her sons will
ever be, in contradistinction to the supercilious
expressions which fell from the hps of a distin-
guished Senator a few days ago, as far as con-
cerns the exercise of might for the purpose of sec-
tional oppression:
"O! 'tis excellent
To have a gmnt\ stiength; but it is tyrannous
To u-^e it like a giant."
Whenever one section of (his country presumes
upon its strength for the oppression of the other,
then will our Constitution he a mockery, and it
would matter not how soon it was severed into
a thousand atoms and scattered to the four winds.
If the principles are disregarded upon which the
annexation of Texas was consummated, there
will be for her neither honor nor interest in the
Union; if the mighty, in the face of written law,
can place with impunity an iron yoke upon the \
neck of the weak, Texas will be at no loss how to !
act, or where to go, before the blow aimed at her <
vitals is inflicted. In a spirit of good faith she \
entered the Federal fold. By that spirit she will '
continue to be influenced until it is attempted to j
make her the victim of Federal wrong. As she |
will violate no Federal rights, so will she submit;
to no violation of her rights by Federal authority. !
The covenant which she entered into with the |
Government must be observed, or it will be an- ;
nulled. Louisiana was a purchase, California,
New Mexico, and Utah a conquest; but Texas
was a voluntary annexation. If the condition of
her admission is not complied with on the one
part, it is not binding on the other. If 1 know
Texas, she will not submit to the threatened deg-
radation foreshadowed in the recent speech of the
Senator from New York. She would prefer res-
toration to that independence which she once en-
joyed, to the ignominy ensuing from sectional dic-
tation. Sorrowing for the mistake which she had
committed in sacrificing her independence at the
altar of her patriotism, she would unfurl again
the banner of the " lone star" to the breeze, and
reenter upon a national career, where, if no glory
awaited her, she would at least be free from a
subjection by might to wrong and shame.
But I will dismiss such thoughts from my mind,
and indulge in their stead the pleasing belief that
the Federal Constitution, the Constitution of our
fathers, the Constitution of compromise between
conflicting interests, will ever be found potent
enough to overpower the most formidable sec-
tional opposition which maybe advanced against
its provisions. Beyond it, there would be but
little left worth living for.
In conclusion, I trust, sir, that you will pass
the resolution which I now send to the Secretary.
Of the form of the protectorate, I have said com-
paratively nothing. It will be for the committee,
if ordered, to decide upon that, with such lights
as may be placed before it. I have no preferences
on the subject. It may assimilate to that of Great
Britain over the Ionian Isles, or be entirely ori-
ginal in its character. No advantages in trade-in-
tercourse ought to be claimed by us which should
not become common to other countries, and no
more authority exercised than would be indis-
pensable to secure obedience to salutary law.
I send to the Chair a preamble and resolution
as a substitute for that which I before offered. I
ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas, the events connected with the numerous efforts
of the people of Mexico to establish upon a lehable basis
an orderly system of self-government have invariably re-
sulted rn complete lailure ; and wheieas, the condition of
Mexico ir-Mieh us to excitc alarming apprehensions that alio
may precipitate. hci«elf into a wild condition of anarchy, and
the more so a-, she has demonstrated, from time to time, her
utter inability to suppress intestine commotions, and to con-
quer the hoides ot bandits by which she is infested; and
whereas, the United States of America, on account of the
continental policy which they cherish and desire to enforce,
can never permit Mexico to be resub)ugated by Spam, or
placed under the dominion of any foreign Power ; and
whereas, one of the most important duties devolving upon
civilized (Governments to exact from adjoining nations
the observances of good neighboihood,thus shielding them-
selves against impending, or even remote injury to their
border security: Therefore,
Resolved, That a select committee of seven be raised, to
inquire into, and report to the Senate, whether or not it is
expedient lor the Government ofthe United States of Amer-
ica to declare and mam tarn a protectorate over the so-called
Kepubhe of Mexico, in such form, and to such an extent,
as shall be necessary to secure to this Union good neigh-
borhood, and to the people of said country the benefits of
orderly and well-regulated lepubhcan government.
Mr. HUNTER. I call now for the special
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. HUNTER. I gave way for the Senator
to make a speech.
Mr. HOUSTON. It will not take a moment,
I hope.
Mr SEWARD. The Senator from Virginia
will allow me to suggest that the resolution must,
of course, lie over for one day 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Masom in
the chair.) The Chair will suggest that it is of-
fered as a substitute by way of amendment to a
resolution heretofore offered.
Mr. SEWARD. I move, then, that it lie on
the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion of Mr. IIUNTER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the biil (H. R. No. 30G) to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1858; the
pending question being on the following amend-
ment offered by Mr Hale;
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no contract shall
hereafter be made by any officer or aaent of the Govern-
ment, except under a law authorizing the same, oi under
an appiopnation adequate to its fulfillment; and the si.xth
section ot the act entitled " An act m addition to the sev-
eral acts for the establishment and regulation of the Treas-
ury, War,and Navy Departments," approved May 1, 1820,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
