2706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
1848, to the 3d of February, 1853, shall be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
paid to the persons respectively -entitled, upon the pension
certificates heretofore-issued to them, upon proof of iden-
tity, under stich rules, regulations, and instructions to the
several asrents for'paying pensions as shall he prescribed
b\ the Commissioner of Pensions : Prodded, That no pen-
sion -hall he allowt-d to any widow for the same time dur-
ing which her husband was living and in the receipt of a,
pension.
Mr. MOORE. I desire to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to have read a short letter
from the Secretary of the Interior, which fully
explains this whole question, and shows that it
involves $1,000,000, or more.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
The SPEAKER. It can be read in the time
of the gentleman from Ohio, if he has no objec-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. I think myself that the case
is as well presented in the report of the Commit-
tee of Claims as in any other document. The
•views of the Department are known to be adverse
to this construction of the law.
Mr. WRIGHTfof Georgia. I should be very
glad if the gentleman from Ohio would permit the
paper to be read. We want to vote understand-
mgly,
Mr. STANTON. Very well; let it be read.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the paper.
Mr. STANTON. 1 think I will ask the Clerk
to read the reports of the majority and minority
of the Committee of Claims instead of that paper,
so that we may hear both sides. I shall then,
under the pledge I gave the House before the sus-
pension of the rules, move the previous question.
Mr, MOORE. I think it but an act of justice
to the Department, that the reasons which influ-
enced the Department should be understood. This
i3 a matter of great importance, involving over a
million and a half of dollars.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to the reading of
any document from the Department. I think we
are capable of discussing this question for our-
selves.
Mr. MOORE. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Ohio consented that the letter
should be read during his time, and the Clerk
commenced to read the letter. It was then too
late to interpose any objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Ohio had a right to withdraw his as-
sent to the reading of the paper.
Mr. MOORE, But the reading had been com-
menced.
The SPEAKER. It was being read during the
time of the gentleman from Ohio, and lie ims a
right to control it.
Mr. STANTON. I propose, now, in lieu of
speaking myt/blf, to have the reports of the major-
ity and minority of the Committee of Claims read,
thus arguing the case on both sides, and then 1
shall move the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of or-
der. As I understand the joint resolution, it makes
an appropriation of money, and must go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON. If we had not suspended the
rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. The rules were suspended
for the purpose of allowing the joint resolution to
come into the House; but now that it is in the
House, I ask the Chair if it must not go to the
Committeeof the Whole on the state of thcUnion?
The gentleman admits that the joint resolution
makijS an appropriation, and it has not been con-
sidered in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
that the resolution does not make an appropria-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order is well taken.
Mr. STANTON. I move to suspend the rule
requiring the joint resolution to be considered in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON, i desire to ask the Chair a ques-
tion. If the rule is suspended, will it be in order
to offer the general pension bill giving pensions
to ail soldiers and widows of soldiers as a substi-
tute for this resolution?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
The quest-ion was taken; and there were—yeas
133, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Avery, Bennett, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Bowie, Brayton,
Bryan, BudiriUm, Burhnsame, Burns, Cat e. Cavanaugh,
Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Claik, Clawson, Clay, Clark B. ,
Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Comms, Coining, Cox, j
James Craig, Curtis, Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dimmick, Dodd, <
Dovvdell, Durfee, Edie, Edmundson, Elliott, Enstis, Farns- j
worih, Fenton, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gartrell, GLlhs, j
Gilmanj Gilmer, (Jooeh, Goodwin, Granger, Groesbeck, j
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Hatch,
Hawkuis, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Hughes, Uuyler, Jen-
kins, Kellogg, itelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, Laudy, Leidy,
Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Mattesou, Maynard,
Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morns, Isaac N. Morris,
Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Moit, Murray, Nib-
laek, Nichols, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, William W. Phelps,
Pike, Potter, Purviance, Ready, lleilly, Iltcaud, Bobbins,
Roberts, Royce, Scott, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman,
Sickles, Singleton, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, James
A. Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor, Thayer, Tompkins,
Trippe, Underwood, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Walton,
Ward, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. WaMiburne,
Israel Washburn, Whiteley, Wilson, Wood, Woodson,
Augustus? It. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicofi'er—133.
NAYS—Messrs. Barksdale, Bishop, Bonham, Boyce,
Branch, Burnett, Caskie, John B. Clark, Clemens, Cobb,
Curry, Davis of Indiana, Dean, English, Garnett, Gregg,
Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Jackson, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kent, Kellv, Jacob M. h unkel,
Lamar, Letcher, Maclay, McKibbm, McUueeu, Samuel S. I
Mat-hall-. Mason, Miles, Mtllxon, Moore, Peyton, John S.
Phelps, Phillips, Quitman, Reagan, Ritehie, Ruftin, San-
didge, Scales, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, William
Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, Talbot, Vallandigham, and
Wortendyke—54.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rule
requiring the joint resolution to be first considered
in Committee of the Whole on the state df the
Union was suspended.
During t.l.e call of the roll,
Mr. SAVAGE stated that, if he had been with-
in the bar when his name was called, he should
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Burroughs.
Mr, STANTON. I now ask for the reading
of the reports.
The SPEAKER. The Chairwould inform the
gentleman that the majority report is not at the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. STANTON. Well, let the minority re-
port be road first. The majority report will be
nere before the reading is through.
The Clerk read the minority report, as follows:
The minority of the Committee of Claims, to whom was
referred the bill from the Couit of Claims for ihe relief of
Jane Smith, with accompanying documents, beg leave to
.submit the following report:
The only question involved in this case is puiely a legal
one. ft t? a question a-s to the true legal con-tiuetion of an
net pushed by a ptior Copgrcs-s Theie is no controveited
question of lact in the ease. The claimant is the widow of
a revolutionary soldier, whose sei vice dining the whole pe-
riod of the revolutionary wai is undisputed. She was mar-
ried to him subsequent to the 1st of Januaiy, 1800, and he
died prior to the 4th of March, 18-18.
Alter the passage of the act of February 3, 1853, entitled
"An act to continue half pay to certain widows and or- j
phans," she applied for the benefit of the second section of i
said act, claiming that by virtue of said second section, and i
of a prior act of July 29, 184y, she was entitled to a pension j
from the 4th of March, 1848, during her widowhood ; butshe |
was allowed a pension fiom the 3d of February, 1853,only. >
She tiled her petition in the Court of Claims lor ihe put pose j
of recovering the arrears of pension fiom the 4th nf March, |
1848, to the*3d of February, 1833, alleging that, according j
to the true legal construction of existing laws, she was en- j
titled to a pension from the loirner date. The Gourt of i
Claim* (all the judges eonenn mg) has decided that she is '
so entitled, and reported a bill to carry that decision into ,
elfect. |
In a case of tins kind, where a question of mere legal '
construction has been submitted to and decided by the Couit i
of Claims, and then comes before Congress lor afiirmance |
or reversal, it becomes ihe province of tins bodv to act m a j
judicial rather than in a le-nslatioe capacity. Sitting as a ■
high court of appeal, Congiess is called upon to j-ay what ■
the law of the case is, and not what, in the judgment -of
menibeis, it onsht to have Icon. All question-;, as to the .
wisdom or expediency of cnactma the Jaw, winch we are I
called upon to mteipiet anduxpound, are matteis foreign to ,
the issue. " !
The minority of voui committee, takm<? thp view of the •
subject, and resauluig their duties m the premises to be j
merely such as judges levicwmg the decision of aeoun on i
a stuetly legal question may ughtlally evteiso, after a veiy j
careful consideration of the question, have found it impos- '
siblc to arrive at any othei conclusion than an entire con- ;
curience m the decision of the Court of Chims m this ca«e. :
By the lir^t section of the act of July 29, 1848, entitled ;
"An act lor the r< hef of certain ♦ uivivmg widows of offl- ;
ceis and soldiers of the ievolutionaiy ainiy," il is provided : ,
" That the widows of all officers, non commissioned offi- 1
eers, musicians, soldicis, mnuneis or marines, and Indian
spies, who shall have served m the continental line, State
tioop*. volunteers, imhtia, or in the naval semcc, in the J
revolutionary war with Gi eat Britain, shall be entitled ro a .
pension during such widowhood, of equal amount per an-
num that their husbands would have been entitled to, if
living, under existing pension laws; ta commence on the
4th day of March, 1848, and to be paid m the same manner
that other pensions are paid to widows. But no widow now
receiving a pension shall be entitled to receive a fuither
pension under the piovisions of this act; and no widow
married after the 1st of January, 1800, shall be entitled to
receive a jiemion under this act."—First Session 'thirtieth
Congress, chapter 1*20.
The bccond section of the act of February 3, 1853, sim-
ply declares: -'That the widows of all offtccis, non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, and pnvates of the revolu-
tionary army, who were married subsequent to January,
anno Domini 18(10, shall be entitled to a pension in the
same maimer as those who were married beloie that date."
When these two statutes are examined together, it seems
to us impossible to arrive at any other legitimate conclu.-ioh.
than that said second section of the act of 1853 wa& in-
tended to extend the benefits of the act of 1848 to a class of
widows not originally embraced in it, namely, to widows
married after the 1st of January, 1800. In other words, it
was intended to abolish and repeal so much of the first sec-
tion of said act of 1848 as excluded widows married after
the 1st of January, 1800, from enjoying its benefit!., and to
place them on an equal footing, under said act, with those
married before that date. In the opinion of th,e undersigned,
that intention is clearly expressed, in language free from
any embarrassing ambiguity, it must be admitted that said
second section of the act of 1853 grants some kind of pen-
sions to widows married subsequent to the 1st of January,
1800, but in and of itself tt prescribes none of the conditions
of such pensions, neither the rate of the pension per an-
num, nor the time of its commencement, nor the time of its
continuance. All these conditions it prescribes by referring
to the act of July 29, 1848, and declaring that the widoWs
married subsequent to January, 1800, shall be entitled to
pensions " in the same manner" as widows married puor
to that date are entitled to pensions under that act. The
conditions prescribed by said act of 1848 are as follows:
first, the pension is to be of equal amount per annum that
the husband would have been entitled to, if living, under
existing pension laws second, it is to " commence on the
4th day of March, 1848and third, it is to continue " dur-
ing widowhood." If widows married subsequent to Janu-
ary, I8U0, are %'4 entitled to pensions in the btune manner,
do not all these conditions necessarily attach ?
It has been contended that the second section of the act
of 1853 would refer as well to the act of July 4, 1836, and
the act of July 7, 1838, as to the act of July 29, 1848; and
that consequently it might, with as much propuety, be con-
stiued to grant pensions from the 4th of March, 1831, oi the
4th ol Match, 1836, as from the 4th of March, 1848. An ex-
amination of the several acts referred to, however, will
show that this aigument is utterly untenable. The act of
183(3 grant1* pensions only to widows mamed befoie the ex-
piiauon of the last period of their husband's service, to
commence on the 4th of March, 1831. The act of 1838
grants pensions only to those married prior to the 1st of
January, 1794,to commence on the 4th ol Maich, 1836. But
the act of July 29, 1848, grants pension in all widows mar-
ried prior to'the Is/ of January, 1800, whose*husbauds
would be entitled to revolutionary pensions, it living, to
commence on the 4th of March, 1848. To say that the act
of 1853, when it speaks of the pensions to which widows
married prior to January, 1800, are entitled, refers to the
act of 1838, or the act of 1838, just as specifically as its does
to the act of 1846, is to ignore all distinction m point ofti ma
between the 1st of January, 1800, the Lst of Januaiy, 1794,
and the close of the revolutionary war. On this point the
reasoning of the couit is so clear and conclusive, that any
attempt on our part to make it clearer would be a work of
supereiogation. It is in substance as follows: To prove
merely that a widow was mained to a revolutionaiy soldier
betore January, 1800, would not entitle her to a pension
under liic act of 183G, or the act of 1838. To be entitled un-
der the act of 1836, she must prove that she was mairted
betore the termination of her husband's service. To be en-
titled under the act of 183t\ she must prove a marriage prior
to the 1st of January, 1791. Cut to entitle her to a pension
undei the act ol 1848, it would be sufficient to piove merely
that she was matned prior to January, 1800. Hence, when
the act of 1853 refers to the pensions of widows married
prior to January, 1800, it cleat ly and indubitably refers to
the act ol 1848, specifically, that being the only act which
giants pensions to widows who were mamed before that
date merely.
Again, it has been contended that the words " in the
same manner," &c., in the act of 1853, refer only to the
■mode in which the claim i< to be established, the money
paid, &c., and not to the time of the commencement of the
pension. Hut will the language admitof this construction ?
The woids " in the same manner" relate expressly to tile
title by which the pension is to vest and be enjoyed. The
language is, that she shall be " entitled to a pension in the
same manner," 8tc. Can it be snid that two widows, one
of whom is entitled to a pension from the 4th of March,
1848, and the other entitled to a pension fiom the 3d of
February, 1853, onlyare entitled to a pension m the same
manner?"' This point will be best illustrated by putting a
! case ; not a supposed case, merely, but one of common
| occurrence in the execution of these laws. Two widows
1 of levolutionary soldiers come foiward asscitmg their
' claim* to pensions. The facts upon which their lights de-
pend .ire exactly alike iu evety other particular, except
that one was married pnoi to January, 1800, and the ottier
subsequent to that date. T^c law declares that the latter 13
" entitled to a pension in tne same manner" as the former.
Yet the Depaitment gives the law a construction by which
one is allowed a pension going back to the 4th of March,
1848, and the other allowed a pension going back only to
I the 3d of Februai v, 1853. K not tins construction clearly
repugnant to the plain lettei ol the law? To limit the ap-
plication of the worth m the same manner" merely to
the mode of adjudicating and paying the claims, and not to
extend their application so as to emhiaco the conditions of
the pension itself, would lender the second section of the
act of 1853 utterly void lor uncertainty. Foi, to leave
out of vte^v the question as to the tune of the commence-
ment of the pension, there is nothing in said section to
ihow at what rate per annum the widow shall be pen-
