2708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
manner or mode in which a particular thingis done may be
the same at different times and places. And it is the same
with respect to " rights," as connected with individuals.
Every u right" is distinguished by three distinct features,
which exist independently of each other, if the right be
one to real propeity, there are—lir^t, the thing with respect
to which the right exists ; second, the nature of that right
and its extent; and third, the time when it began to exist.
If the right be apeisonal one, then, also, there are three dis-
tinct facts involved, namely: first, what is it* natuie and
extent? second, who is entitled to it.? and third, when did
it begin to exist m his favor ?
In the case under consideration, an act of Congress cre-
ated a right—first, of a particular nature and extent; and
second, m favor of a particular class of persons. Nothing
whatever was said as to the time when the persons entitled
to tins right should begin to enjoy it. The rule of law is,
that a legislative act takes effect from its date. In this case,
however, owing to the language of the act cheating the
right, it is necessary to refer to another act, in order to de-
termine the nature and extent of the right; and because of
this necessary reference to that act lor that particular pur-
pose, it is insisted that the same act must be refened to 1'or
another purpose—that is, to fix the time when the right ac-
crued. The act itself is complete upon its face ; first as to
the creation of the right to a pension ; and second, as to the
persons who were to" be entitled to enjoy it. And u is also
complete as to the tune when their enjoyment of this right to
a pension is to begm by the operation of that rule of law
which makes all laws take effect ftom their date ; so that
theie is no necessity to look beyond the act itself, but lor a
single purpose, namely : to asceitam the nature and extent
of the nghf; or, m other woids, the jate and duiation of
the pension Arid now youi committee ask, if theie is no
necessity to look elsewhere, why look?
There is nothing vvhatevei m the exptesmon Cl in the «saim 
manner" to requue, or even justify, <i icference to another
act to fix the time when too right t<> a pension is ro begin.
The word • manmn" not only has no relation to tune, but
it is used invariable to describe the mode or fashion m which
a puitieulor transaction 01 event tianspires, orthingexists,
m contiachstinetion to the time when it tianspues 01 exists.
And this Ut-e of the woid is distinctly -shown m the very -en-
tencc of the Constitution of the United States to which the
eouit leferredtoi a very different puipose. The times,
placet*, and viunncr of holding election* for Kenatois and
Itepieseiuahves '•hall be prescubcd in each Slate by tire Le-
gislature thereof; but that Congi ess may at any tune, by law,
make or alter such regulation*, except as to the places of
choosing ^enatois," Kays the Constitution. Here ihe woid
" mannci5- is used in its only pioper sense, as lefeirititf to
the mode how, as conliadistimjuidied lioni the tune's /r/ten,
and the place-* vhae; and it will be in vain for any one to
look into fheiionanes or books of synonuus, in the hope
of finding any instance in which it h:u> a dilfcrentsigiiihru-
tion.
Neither i-j there nin thing in the case of Ludlow's heir*,
23 Ohio Kcpoits, 571. citt'd by the court, which tends m the
opposite direction. Indeed, when eiitically examined, it
will be found that the lnuguagc of the eouit m that case is,
in point ot fad, opposed to the conclusion it was cited in
support of; for the word manner i-> Used in it m the sense
of the mode hon\ and it deelaies thatwhen m one statute
arefeieiue is made to an evisimg law in pier-cubing the
rule or manner ni which a paitieul.ir thing .-hall be done,"
u the efleet geneiully is not to icvive'' " the statute reterred
to lor the piiipo-e 101 winch il was oiigiiinllv cnactcd, but
mt'i cly for (he j> uypnsc of rm ri/i n '> into crccuti:>n thcstatufc
in irhirh Ihe ir/acmc it intuh\''> If tins tie tiue, and theie
can bo no doubt that it is, then the act of k-.">3 alone is lo be
executed ; and a-* that net is complete in iNelf, e\cept as to
the iiile utid duration ot the pen-ions gianted by it, the act
of 18-18 can be teietied to to a--ecit;un their late and duia-
tion only, and toi no other putpose whatever.
Yom committee, then, believe that, upon a fair interpre-
tation ot the words of the act of l8o3, in obedience to the
established Miles of statutoiv eon.-uuetion, the pension of
the petiiionei luditfully betran on the 3d day of March,
18.">3, the date ot the act ; and this view, as to the intention
of the law makei. is, in their opinion, Mippotted by the 1ns-
toiy ot the act itself.
On Januaiy 3, lt>53, the Senate took up the bill u to re-
vive a portion oi the act lor the iciief of widows of deceased
soldieis," and Mr. Hamlin (panes iSo, 18G of Congres-
sional Globe) moved to amend it by adding an additional
fcection This additional section ism the veiy woids of the
second section ot the aetoi 18.13, undei which the question
under consideiation has arisen. Mi. Rusk, in speaking of
the bill befoie the Senate, paid that " it revives the pen-
sion from the expiration of the act of 1B16;" upon winch
Mr. Holland icmaiked : i4 It commences ftom this time.5'
Air. liutlei then ob-.ci\eil 1 am cntnely contident the
last section, added by the Senatoi from Maine, [Ml. llum-
Im,] will have the eifect to give a pension fiom 1834,when
the act was passed
ri'h<* next dav the Senate teeumod the consideration of
the same hill, when the amendment of Mr. Hamlm was
concurred in without a division. Mr. Boilaml then satd,
(Congressional Globe, \M4, ;2()o:) u That, d turns the (Inclu-
sion ye>terdav, --oirie objection u:i« made to tins bill, upon
the fifioutui tint its phia^eoloiiy was not stifhciently p.ocjse
to dtfme at what tune the pensions pioposed by it should
commoner. I propo- c, thciefore, to amend the bill in the
first section, by addum, alter the woid • extended,' the
woids • f ami and attei the pa^aue of this act,' "> &c. This
amendment was ul>o nifieed to without a division, and the
bill was parsed.
The Seriate hill No. -177, which was icceived by the House
on the 6th of Jatnniy. J8">3, (House Journal, 11U) was a
different bill fiom the one |UM mentioned, a ? it was entitled
1(An act to continue halt pay to eeitain widows and or-
phan?.'5 The llou-.u amended this fast bill on the 17th of
Januaiy. (House Journal, 130, 1J7,") and *:cnr it back to the
Senate. When tin 5 bill went back to the Senate, as amende d
by the House, it lied but one section. Mr. Hamlm then
moved to amend it by adding as a second section the ;-ame
amendment that ha^'becn added as a fourth s-ection to tin1
bill <• toievive a portion of the act for the relief of decea>ed
soldiers," When Mr. Hamlnf made his motion he said:
" It wilJ be recollected by the Senate that a few days since
a bill passed this body which includes precisely what the
amendment of the House to this bill contains, but we also
added to that bill a section m the same words as that 1 have
now offered; and if we adopt it it will do precisely what the
Senate did in the passage of the bill to which I lefcr, and
I therefore hope that my amendment will be adopted."
This was agreed to, and the amendment of the House to
the onginal bill, as thus-amended, was concurred rn, and
the bill sent back to the House. The House disagreed to
this amendment of the Senate, which now constitutes the
second section of the act of 1853, and the bill containing it
did norbecome a law until after there had been a number of
disagreeing votes on the part of the House, and the contest
had given rise to two committees of conference. (House
Journal, pages J64, 201.)
From this narrative, it is certain that when the section was
first presented to the Senate as an amendment to the bill
" to revive a portion ot the act for the relief of widows of
deceased soldiers," it was intended that ail of the pensions
to be granted should commence at the date of the act; and
that theie could have been no intention on the part of the
House to extend the grant proposed to be made by the Sen-
ate, because the House was opposed to this particular grant
altogether, and only consented to its being ingrafted on the
original bill after a long contest. And as there is nothing
m the act itself,or in the ciicumstances connected with its
passage, to take the pensions created by it out of the rule
which makes all legislative nets take effect from their date,
when they contain no provision for their going into opera-
tion at another time, so neithei is there anything to take it
out of the rule, in the nature of the claim itself.
These pensions aie not civcri in payment of debts. The
beneficial ies under this, and all other acts of a similar char-
acter, had no legal or equitable claim on the Government.
The pensions confened on them aie mere liberalities be-
stowed by giatitude, and not lights yielded to justice ; and
undei such ciicumstances there can be no reason for wicst-
ing the words of the act from their usual signification, or
doing violence to the ordinary tules of interpretation, to en-
huge' its construction. If the Govei nment has not alieady
given enough to the objects of its bounty, embraced in the
piovisions of the act ot 18o3, it would be far better to make
additional provision foi them by duect legislation, than to
accomplish that puipohe by sanctioning a piinciplc m the
construction of statutes which will be brought into prece-
dent and may heioafter be applied so as to be productive of
great public mischief.
Pot these reasons your committee now report hack the
bill fiom the Coutt of''Chums with the recommendation that
it do not pass.
Tho following is the letter of the Secretary of
the Interior:
Depautmunt op the Inteiuok, February lA5, 1857.
Sir : !n obedience to the resolution of the Senate of the
18th instant, requesting me to repoit the " number of wid-
ows now di awing pensions, under the second section of the
act approved I'Ylnuaiy 3, 1853, and also what amount of
money will be required to pay said pensions fiom the 4th of
Maich, 18-18, up to the time ot the passage ot said act of
18,r)3," I have ihc honor to tiansnut herewith a communi-
cation and accompanying papeis from the Cominiissionei of
Pensions, by which it will appear that the number of wid-
ows now drawing pensions under the second section ot the
said act. J* two thousand seven bundled and t<-n, and that
the-um oftfl, 18730 will be lequircd to piy pensions of
this class from the -1th of Maieh, J848, to Fehnnuy 3, I8.>3.
ft may be olwi vrd, howevei, th.it this sum does not icach
tim amount which will be nece&saiy to inve full effect to the
decision of the Com t of Claims, since it must neeessanly be
augmented m propoition to the number ot pensioners which
may be added to the ioll< subsequent to the 30th of Juno,
18r>rt; and this additional amount derives creator impoit-
anee fiom the fact that the sin viving children of those wid-
yws who shall have died subsequently to the passage of said
act, without having been pensioned, would be. by the es-
tablished pi act ice of the Depaitnient, entitled to the ai rears
due 1'ioni the 4th ol Maich, 1848, to the date of their moth-
ers'' deaths, respectively.
In submittim.' these lacts, I deem it not irrelevant to the
object of the itKpuiies of tne Kenate to adveit buefly to the
giounds upon which the Department placed such a con-
si i uction upon the -second section of the act of l|leln uaiv 3,
1853, as limited the commencement of the gratuity provided
by it to the date of its passage.
l.sj. The allowance of huge amounts of arrearsof pension
is at vanance with the whole legislation of Congress upon
the subject, as will be perceived by refemng to the acts
grunting siieh giatuities. The aci of Man.li 18, 1H18, and
the supplementary acts of May 1, l^il), and March 1, 1833,
make the giatuities granted commence fiom the date of the
completion ol the pioot. Under the act ot May 15,1828, the
allowance i-> made to commence fiom March 3, 1826 ; and
the gi atuity piovidcd by the net of June 7,1832, commences,
by express piovtsion, trom Maich -1,1831 ; so with the acts
gi anting piovisions to widows : for, although the act of July
1, 1836, allow-' the pension to lun hack to the 4th of Mai eh,
1831, it \\ as eleaily tor the icasou that the husband had al-
ieady been allowed a pension undei the act ot 1S33, com-
ment-ing .it that date . -quce by subsequent legislation the
widow is prohibited fiom drawing a pension for the penod
dining which her husband attaally rcicivcd one under the
act ot 1832. ThegiatuiU gianted by the act of July 7,1838,
is made to commence on the. -1th ofMaieh, 18HG ; and that
given b\ the act of July JO, 18 i8. is. m like manner, made
to commence on the 4th of Maich of that year. Jt will he
obsci ved that the 0.7/?/distinction m these classes of female
pension*-*!.- is the Sat? of marri>inr ; .md that alone has been
[lie gutde tor Congie-s m fixing the date at which the pen-
sions should eommecce
•2d. That it was not, in fa<t, the intention of Congress,
in enacting the second section of the act ot 1853, (which
was mtioduced as an amendment to upending bill.^ togivo
it a rcrio- peotiveopcmiion, is sufficiently manifest 110m the
debate 10 which it gave n-e when the law was under con-
sideration m the Senate, {see Congressional Glob.} for Thir-
ty Second ( ongiess, second session, page ft scq ;) and
from the further fact that when laws have been passed
granting arrears of pensions, the date of the commencement
of the pension has been expressly stated in the act, so far as
I am informed.
3d. That the words " In the same manner," as used in
the second section of said act, even m their technical sense,
do not necessarily include the time designated in any pre-
ceding act, as the date at which the pension should'com-
mence, Two cases ate cited to sustain the contrary view;
but the fiist, (in which life opinion of Judge Hitchcock is
quoted,) would seem not to go beyond the practice of the
Tension Office, as his language is; " When in one statute
a reference is made to an existing law, in prescribing the
rule or manner m whichapaiticular thing shall be done,or
for the puipose of ascertaining the powers with which per-
sons named in the referring statute shall be clothed, the
effect generally is not to revive or continue in force the stat-
ute referred to for the pui poses for which it was originally
enacted; but meiely for the purpose of carrying into exe-
cution the statute in which the reference is made "
And the second, (the case in Congress,) if it can be re-
garded as having any beanng on the point m question,gives
j torce to the decision ol the buiean, since the House ofRcp-
; resentatives, after careful consideration, concluded thatthe
; word "manner,"in the Constitution, did not authorize
i Congress to prescribe to the States the single district sys-
, tem. Why should those words be held to have special re-
1 latum to the act of 1848 ? The widows who were pen-
1 sioned under the acts of 1836 and 1838, were married pnor
] to the yeai 1800. as well as those who were pensioned under
1 the act of 1848; and if the terms used, " in the same man-
I nei," can relate to the act of 1848, why may they not, for
I like reasons, be held to relate as well to the act of 1836,
! which made the pension commence from the 4th of Maich,
! 1831 ?
I 4th. By the act of June 7, 1832, pensions were pro-
I vided for those officers and soldiers of the revolutionary
| war who had served at least six months therein. Soon after
, the passage of this law, it was held that the widows and
; clnldien of such of those officers and soldiers as had died
i subsequently to the passage of the act, without claiming its
■ benefits, were entitled to the amounts due as arrears, and
; that the children of widows who were entitled to pensions
, under any ot the general pension laws, were likewise enti-
! tied to unclaimed amounts due then* mothers This prac-
tice has continued to the piesent time. The question as to
, its legality has been recently very fully considered; and,
1 although held to have been at the first clearly without war-
| rant of law, yet, m view of its long continuance, and the
! fact that Congress, by making successive appropriations
. (founded upon specific estimates) to pay such allowances,
I had gi\ en a legislative sanction to this interpretation of the
! executive department, it was not thought expedient to re-
; veiso the ptaetice at this time. If this course ha? been
, proper, if the actum of Congiess has thus legalized the
ptaetice as to arieais under the act of June 7, 1830, may it
not now with equal foicc be held that the interpretation
; given to the act of Februaiy 3, 1853, has in like manner
been sanctioned and appiovcd by the subsequent appropri-
I attorn made by Congiess; especially as the small amount
' of $24,000, estimated as sufficient to carry the act into ef-
] feet for a penod ot nearly eighteen months, (commencing
; at the date of the act,) was bo wholly at vanance with the
j idea of lelatmg the period of the commencement of the
I pension back to the 4th March, 1848 ?
! While it is competent foi Congress in its wisdom to di-
; reet that tins class of pensioners shall be paid from the 4th
of Match, 1848, or even fiom an earlier period, up to the
J tune at which they have been allowed to commence by the
decision of this Department, it is equally clear that the
' claim, as a ught, when presented to Congress, has no foun-
dation. The pensions granted by the act of 1853, as before
remai ked, ai e meie giatuities, and seem to have been viewed
I as such 111 the disen-«ion referied to, ami as such, future
1 payments may be wholly withheld, by the repeal of the law,
| should Congiess at anytime be so disposed, or the exigen-
cies of the country should lequire such action ; and this,
■ without the violation ol any legal or vested light.
: It is deemed pioper to add, that if there were a reason-
1 able ceitamty that the amounts of money now sought to be
diawn lioni ihe Tieasnry, 111 virtue of the legal construc-
| tion placed upon the act of 1853, by the Court of Claims,
I would, in the event of the favorable action of Congress,
, roach the hands of the designated beneficial ie«, without
1 abatement, the proposed appiopnation, huge as it is.might
| be less objectionable ; but the experience of the Depart-
1 ment establishes the fact that mteimediate paities are not
1 only the agents in the origin and prosecution ot such claims,
j but the largest sharers in the bounty their impoitunilies ex-
i tort from the Government.
j I am respectfully, your obedient servant,
I R. McCLELLAND, Secretary.
1 Hon. J. M. Mason, President of the Senate.
] The previous question was seconded, and the
' main question ordered.
j The amendment was agreed to.
j The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
I grossed and read a third time, and being engrossed,
1 it was ncp.ordinsjly read the third time.
; Mr. STANTON demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
, main question ordered.
; Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays.
Tiic yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 143, nays 35; as follows:
YI:A8—Mi'^rs. Abbott. Mil, Andei.-on, Andrews, Ar-
nold, Atlvin-:, Avery, Bennett, Bmyham. Bishop, Bliss,
uowie. avion, RufUnton. builmgame. Burns. Ca^e, Cav-
•anaugh, Chalice, John 15. Claik, dawson, Ckuk I> Coch-
; rane, John Coebtane, Cohax. Comius, Corning. Cox, Cra-
1 inn, James Craig, Curtis, Davidson, Davis ot Maryland,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean,
