#98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope thegen-
tleman does not propose to press the House to a
vote this evening.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I cannot withdraw
the demand for the previous question. I hope the
House will come to a vote without further delay.
Mr. STEPHENS, or Georgia. I hope the de-
mand .wail be voted down. I state, candidly, that
motion is one which I hope will not be adopted;
and if it is to receive the concurrence of a majority
of the House, I hope they will at least allow us to
state our objections to it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I cannot withdraw
the call for the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to make
one suggestion. If the previous question is. to be
applied to the motion, I hope the vote will not be
taken this evening. Let it go over until morning.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hope the vote will
be taken this evening.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move a call
of the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (at ten minutes past four
o'clock.) I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BOYCE. I move that when the House ad-
journs it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 80, nays 120; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bishop, Bowie, Boyce, Bryan, Burnett, Caskie, John
B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Clingman, John Coehiane, Bur-
ton Craige, Ciawford, Curry, Davidson, Davis of Maryland,
Dowdelf, Edmundson, Elliott, Eustis, t'aulkner, Florence,
Garnctt,Gartrell,Gilhs, Gilmer, Goode, Gieenwood, Hatch,
Hawkins Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, J.
Glancy Jones, Kent, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Lan-
« dy, Leidy, Letcher, MeKibbin, McQueen, Mason, Miles,
Miller, Millson, Moore, Pendleton, Peyton, Phillips, Pow
ell, Q.uit«mn, Reagan, Rieaud, Rulftn, Russell, Sandidge,
Savage, Scales, Henry M.Shaw, Shorter, Sickles. Stall-
worth, Stephens, Stevenson, George Taylor, Miles Taylor,
Underwood, Ward, Watkms. White, Whiteley, Wir.slow,
Wood^ui, and YVortmidyke—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Bennett, B11-
lmghur*t,Bingham,Blair, Bliss, Boooek.Brayum, Buffinton,
Burhngame, Burns, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee,
Chapman, Ezra Clark, Claw on, Cobb,Clark B. Coehiane,
Cockenll, Colfax. Coinins, Covode, Cox, James Craig, Cur-
tis, Damrell, Davis of' Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Devvart, Dick, Dodd, Durlee,
English, Famswoith, Fenton, Foley, Foster, (riddinss,Gil-
man, Gooch, Goodwin. Granger, Gregg, Grow, Lawrence
W. Hall, Itobeit B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Has-
kin, Hickman, Hill, Hoaid, Horton, Hovvaid, Jewett, George
\V. Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kehey, Kilgore, Knapp,
John C. Kunkel, Leiter, Lovejoy, Samu"l S. Maish.UI,
Maynaid, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Mor-
ris, Isaac N. Morns, Fieeman li. Moise, Oliver A. Morse,
Moti, Niblack, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pertit, Phelps, Pike,
Putrei,Pottle, Purviance, KeiUy, Ritchie,ltobbms, Robeits,
Royce, Seward, John Sherman. Judson W. Sherman, Sm-
gleton, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton,James A. Stewart,
William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Tnppe,
Wade, Walbridge, Waldrou, Walton, Wsuren, Cadwalader
. C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wa«hhurne, Israel Washburn,
Wilson, Wood, and John V. Wright—l*i0.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. TAPPAN stated that Mr. Cragist, who
was ill, had paired off with Mr. Branch.
Mr. MORGAN stated that Mr. Thompson had
paired oflf with Mr. Talbot, who was indisposed.
The question then recurred on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. SAVAGE. T ask the gentleman from
North Caroli na to withdraw his motion to adjourn,
to allow me to ask the unanimous consent of the
House to have the bill which I presented the other
day printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, objected.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 95, nays 112; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bishop, Bucock, Bowie, Boyce, Bryan, Burnett,
Caskie, John B. Clark. Clay, Clemens Clingman, Cobb,
John Cochrane, James Craig, Burton Craige, Ciawiord,
Curry, Davidson, Davis of Mississippi, Dmvdell, Eu: iis,
Faulkner, Florence, Garneti, GaitreJi, Giihs, Gilmer, Goode,
Gi-eemvoodjGregg, Hatch, Hawkins Hill, Houston, Hughes
Huyler, Jack&on, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Gluncy
Jones, Kent, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy,
.Leuly, Maelay, McQueen, Mason, Mavnard, Miies, Miller,
Millson, Moore, Niblaek, Peyton, Piielps, Phillips Powell,
Quitman, ltcagan, Rufiin, liusseil, Sandidge, Savage,
Scalcs, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Single-
ton, Stallworth, Stephens. James A. Stewart, George Tay-
lor, Miles Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Ward, Warren, Wat-
kins, White, Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, Wmtendyke,
Augustus It. Wright, John V. Wright, and ZolUeotfer—9.).
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews Bennett, Bil-
hnghufot, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Butlinton, Bur-
hngame, Burn.*, Burroughs, CampbfH, Case, CnatTee, Chap-
man, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane, Cockeril!,
Colfax, Comtns, Covode. Cox, Curtis, Damrell, Davis of
Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davi3 of Massachusetts, Davis
of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Eng-
lish, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foley, Foster,Gtddings Gilman,
Gooeh, Goodwin, Granger, Groesbeek, Grow, Lawrence
W. Hall, Robert B.IIali, Harlan, ThomasL. Harris, Haskm,
Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Owen Jones, Kellogg,
Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John O. Kunkel, Leach, Lester,
Lovejoy, MeKibbin, Humphrey Marshall, Somuel S. Mar-
shall, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
1-^aac N. Morris Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse,
Mott, Nichols, Olm, Palmer, Parker, Pettit. Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Purviance, lteilly, Ricaud, Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts.
Royce, Aaion Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman',
Robert Smith, Spinner. Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan,
Thayer, Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—112.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon the motion that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and-nays.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House take
a recess until half past seven this evening.
The SPEAKER. A motion to take a recess is
not in order.
Mr. BISHOP. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn until Monday next.
The yeas and nays were demanded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for tcll-
; era upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman
and Clemens were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes fifiy-five.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. REILLY. I move to amend the motion
by striking out44 JVfonday," and inserting "Tues-
day. "
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We are getting into a
snarl, and I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ The motion
of the gentleman from North Carolina is not in
order.
Mr. REILLY. I withdraw my amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can withdraw
it only by unanimous consent.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina cannot now be enter-
tained. Two other motions have precedence.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think this whole matter
may be compromised, and I will make a propo-
sition to gentlemen upon the other side of the
House. It is, that the several motions to adjourn
and to adjourn over be withdrawn, and that we
come to a direct vote upon the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Georgia, and the pending
amendment. [Laughter.]
The question recurred on the motion to substi-
tute "Tuesday" for "Monday."
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
There is a motion pending that when this House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Then there is a motion to strike out " Monday1'
and insert "Tuesday." My point js, that the
motion to adjourn until Monclay is not in order,
for the reason that that motion has been once voted
down to-day, and, therefore, the amendment de-
pending on that motion is not in order. I do not
know any better time to experiment than the
present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Ohio, and
states that the uniform practice of the House has
been to entertain the motion at any time;and the
gentleman from Ohio himself, only three or four
days ago, appealed from a decision of the Chair
on this same point. The House sustained the
Chair, and held that the motion was in order.
Mr. STANTON. We have not much to do,
now; and I take an appeal from the decision of
the Chair, and upon that appeal call the yeas and
nays.
Sir. SEWARD. I move t© lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. KEITT. I demand the yeas and nays
i upon the motion to lay the appeal on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB. I ask to be excused from vyting
on the motion to lay the appeal on the table; and
upon that request I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. GROW. I coll for tellers upon the yeas
and noys.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washborne
of Illinois, and Davis of Mississippi, were ap-
pointed .
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 50, noes 09.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRIPPE. I would like to inquire upon
how many questions the yeas and nays have been
ordered, and are now pending ?
The SPEAKER. Only five.
Mr. TRIPPE. And how many motions are
pending upon which the yeas and nays have not
been ordered?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot tell.
Mr. TRIPPE. Is not a motion to adjourn in
order? If it is, T make it.
The SPEAKER. A motion to adjourn is al-
ready pending.
Mr. TRIPPE. I thought it was a resolution to
adjourn over.
Mr. SEWARD. Is it in order to move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the stnte of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The Chair will
entertain the motion to adjourn.
Mr. TRIPPE. Then I make that motion.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. Them
was a motion made to adjourn. Some gentleman
then moved that when the House adjourns it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next. An amendment
was moved to insert "Tuesday" m the place of
" Monday." Now, by the rules, the motion to
adjourn over takes precedence of the motion to
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair entertains the mo-
tion to adjourn because of incidental questions
arising. The House will perceive that the House
will soon put itself into the position that it cannot
adjourn unless the Chair so rules.
'Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not appeal from that decision.
[ The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered
! upon the motion to adjourn.
; The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 92, nays 10G; as follows:
YE-\S—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale. Bishop, Bo. oek. Bowie.Boyce, Biyan, Buineit,Cas-
kie, John B. Claik, Clay, Chnginan, Cobb, John Cochiane?
James Craig, Burton Ciaige, Crawford, Ctm\, Davis ot
Mississippi, Dewarr, Dowdell, En^tis, Faulkner. Floience,
Garnett. Gmtielt, Giihs, Giimei,Goode, Gieen wood, Gregg,
Hatch, Hill, Ilopkiu-, Houston, Huyler, Jackson, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Glancv Jones, Kent, Kelly, Jacob M.
Kunkel. Lamar, Landy, Leidy, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen,
Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Mill-
son, Moore, Niblaek, Peyton, Phelps Phillips, Powell,
Quitman, Reagan, Uicaud, Ilu-sell, Savage, Seward, Shor-
ter, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Stallvvoith. Ste*
puens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, George Taylor, Miles
Taylor, Tnppe, Underwood, Ward.*Wairen, Walking,
While, Whiteley, WmsJow, Woodson, Wortendyke, and
Zolheofifer—92.
NAYS—Messrs Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Biayton, Buffinton, Bur-
hngame, Burns, Bui roughs, Camplvll, Case, Chaffee, Chap-
man, Ezra Claik, Clawson, Claik B. Coehiane, Cockerill,
Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cox, Curtis Damrell, Davis of
Maryland, Davih of Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dawes. Dean,
Dodd, Durfee, Engh-h, Famswoith, Fenton, Foley, Foster,
Giddmgs Gilman, Gooeh, Goodwin, Granger, Gioc«beck,
Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, KobertB. Hall, Harlan. Thomas
h. Harris, Ilaskin, Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Hovvuid,
Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kclsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C.
Kunkel, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, MeKibbin, Montgomery,
Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morn8, Fiee-
man'H. Mor^e,Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Nichols.Ohn, Palmer,
Parker, Pendleton, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance,
Keilly, Robbms, lloberts, Royce, Anion Shaw, John Sher-
man, Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spin net, Sianton,
William Stewart.Tappan,Thayer,Tompkins, Wade, Wai«
budge, Waldron, Walton, CadwaladerC. Washburn,Ellihu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—10&.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the cali,
Mr. DAVJS, of Massachusetts, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Wright, oj" Georgia.
I Mr. COVODE stated that Mr. Dick had paired
off with Mr. Hawkins.
Mr. HAWKINS stated that he had paired off
! with Mr. Dick.
! The question recurred on the motion to excuse
I Mr. Cobb from voting, upon which the yeas and
; nays had been ordered.
I Mr. MOORE, (at ten minutes after five o'clock,
p. m.) 1 move that the House do now adjourn.
| The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
' no business having been transacted since a sim-
1 ilar motion was voted down.
| Mr. HOUSTON. Have the yeas and nays
1 been called for on the motion to excuse my col-
league:
