1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2709
Lhck, Dimmick, Dodd, Dowdell, Edie, Edmundson,Elliott,
"amsworth, Fenton. Florence, Foley, Foster, Gartrell,
Gilhs Oilman. C'hr.c-, Gooch, Goodwin. Grejrir, Groes-
beek. Gtow, Lavvienu? W. Hall, Robert B. Ilull, J. Mor-
rison Ham-, Haskin, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hoaid, Horton,
Hughes, Uiuler, Jackson, J. Giancy Jones, Ou en Jones,
Kello^, Kebey, Kilgoie, Knapp, Landv, Leidy. Letter,
Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Maynaid, Moi-
gan. Moirill, Edward Joy Moms, Isaac N. Morris, Fire-
man 11. Moisc, Ohver A. Mor? *\ ftjott, Murray. Niblack,
Niebol^ l\uker, Pendleton, Petut, Pejton, Phillips, Pike,
Pottei, Puiviance, Ready, Really, Rieoud, Ritchie, Rob-
bins-, RobPits, Royce. Russell, Sandelire. Savage, Scott,
Reward, John Sherman, Shoiter, SicMes, Robe'it Smith,
Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stevenson, VVilhani
Stewart. Talbot, Tappan. George Taylor, Thayer, Tomp-
kins, Undeiwood, Wade, Walbridge, VVaidion, Walton,
Ward, Cilihu B. Washbuine, isiael Wa-hbum, White,
Whitelcv, Wilson, Wood, YY'od.-on. Woitondyke, Augus-
tus R. \Vi islu, John V. Wught, and ZolheofTet —143.
NAYS —Messrs. Barksdale, Bocock, I5oyce, Burnett,
Oasskso. CI aniens, Cobb, Ciawfoid, Cuiry, Davis of Indiana,
Gameit. Hailan, Hopkins. Houston, Geoige \V. Jones,
Iveitt, Jacob M. Knnkel, Lamar, Letcher, McQueen, Sam-
uel S. Maibhail, Mill-on, Moore, John S. Phelps, Cluit-
man, Reagan. Ratlin, Scales-, Aaion Shaw, HeinyM. Shaw,
Singleton, William Smith, Stalhvoith, Stephens, and Val-
landigham—iJu.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, stated, du ring the
call of the roll, that if he had been within the bar
when Ins name was called, he should have voted
" ay.55
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DA VIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a hill making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
Jure 30,1859; when the Speaker signed the same.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Before moving to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, with a view to take up the loan bill,
I ask that the miscellaneous appropriation bill,
with the amendments of the Senate thereto—of
which there are sixty-four—be taken up and re-
ferred to the Committee of Wavs and Means.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON Til C LOAN BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Comnnueeof the Whole on the state of
the Union; hut, befoie th\t mouoii is put, I move
that all debate in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, on the loan bill, be closed
in two hours after the committee shall again re-
sume the consideration of the same. I
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. :
That bill has not been considered in the Commit- ;
tee of the Whole on the stale of the Union, and it
is not, theiefoie, in order to close debate on it. i
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules (he
question of order. The bill has been considered i
m the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. It was taken up, and there was de-
bate upon it.
Mr. GROW. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself info a ,
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The SPEAKER. This being Friday, the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to go into
Committee of the Whole House takes pi  codonce. 1
Mr. KELSEY. I move to amend by the ad op- ,
tion of the following resolution, which I send to
the Speaker's chair:
Re^olveS, That the Hou-e go into a Committee of the !
Whole to day, and lake up the Pnvate Calendar, and such
bill-a-aie not objected to..-hall be laid aside to be reported
to the Hon- c. In cjrc objection made to a bill, five nntt-
iac?>hali be allowed to *tate objection-, and five minute*
shall be a! lowed to rep!v to -ueh objections, and a vote ^hall
then be taken wiiiiuut ituther debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 hope there will
he no objection to the resolution of the gentleman ;
from New York. !
Mi". GROW. I insist on my motion. j
Air. M AYNARi). Is this objection day ? !
The SPEAKER 11. ii>; and the re are ten pages ■
of private bills on the Calendar winch have never j
been read m committee. j
Mr. KELSEY. There are fourteen pages more i
of bills which have been on the Calendar the whole
session, and have not been considered at ail.
Mr. LETCHER. I think we can compiomise
this matter in some way. I propose that we go
into Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar to-day, and that to-morrow we take
up the loan bill.
Several Members. Agreed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to ask the
Chair if the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Har-
ris] did not give notice that he would call up the
Maryland contested-election case to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. He did.
Mr. GROW. We can postpone that case. I
insist on my motion.
Mr. CLEMENS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CLEMENS. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. SAVAGE. Is it in order to move to sus-
pend the rules to make the old soldiers' bill a spe-
cial order r
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will take precedence.
Mr. SAVAGE. I think my motion takes pre-
cedence.
The SPEAKER. Upon what ground J
Mr. SAVAGE. Upon the ground that the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
under a general rule allowing suspension. My
motion is one to suspend the rules specially.
The SPEAKER. The Chair diilers with the
gentleman.
The question was taken on the motion sub-
mitted by Mr. Grow; and it was decided in the
affirmative—ayes 108, noes 32.
So the rules were suspended.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Ready in
the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the Private Calendar. i;
This being objection day, the bills on the Cal- (
endar were called over, and those to which no ,i
objection was made were, without debate, laid :j
aside to be leported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that they do pass. j!
RIENOMONEE INDIANS.
A bill (PI. R. No. 329) to authorize the Com- '
missioncr of Indian Allans to adjudicate and set- '
tie ceitain claims against the Menomonee Indians. !
[Objected to by Mr. Smith, of Virginia.] j
GEORGE CHORPENNING. j,
A bill (H. R. No. 330) for the relief of George !!
Chorpcnning and Elizabeth Woodwaid, de-
ceased, and the children of said Elizabeth Wood-
ward. [Objected to by Mr. Kilgore.]
DENT, VANTJNE AND COMPANY.
A bill (H. R. No. 331) for the relief of Messrs.
Dent, Vantinc & Company, for provisions fur-
nished to Indians in California during the years
1851 and 1852. [Objected to by Mr. Smith, of :
Virginia.]
Mi. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 move that |
the committee rise, m ord«-r that the House may
adopt some rule by winch we can get on with the
business of the Calendar.
Mr. CRAWFORD. What does the gentleman
propose when we t into the House ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. To pass j
some resolution by which cases upon the Calen- ■
dar, objected to, and which have not been attended 1
to, may be heard.
Mr. KELSEY. I ask that my proposition may
be i ead.
ThcCJoik a^rain read Mr. Kel^ey's lesolution.
Mr. KELSEY. That affords all parties a
chance to be heard.
Mr KILGORE. I wish to withdraw my ob-
jection to the bill fortho relief of George Choi-pen- ,
nins; and Elizabeth Underwood.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I object. The ;
proposition of the gentleman from New York ;
suspends all the rules, and 1 hope that it will not :
be adopted. !
Mr. REAGAN. The proposition only allows :
five minutes' debate, and there aic upon this Cal- '
endar eases involving an well large sumsofmoney ;
as important principles. 1 hope that the time will J
be extended. |
Mr. QUITMAN. Docs the resolution pro- 1
pose that we shall commence with the Calendar,
or begin where we left off on the last day J
Mr. KELSEY. When we get into the House
I will modify my proposition so that I think it
will meet the views of members.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
tellers on the motion
Tellerswereordered;and Messrs.Clemens and
Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 45, noes 73.
So the committee refused to rise.
HIRAM PAULDING.
A bill (H. R. No. 337) for the relief of Hiram
Paulding. [Ohjpcted to by Mr. Hall, of Ohio.]
Mr. SEWARD moved that the committee rise.
The committee refused to rise.
JOHN M. BROOKE.
A bill (H. R. No. 333) for the relief of John
M. Brooke. [Objected to by Mr. Leiter.]
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the committee rise.
I am sure that we are only wasting time now in
the manner in which we are proceeding.
The committee refused to rise.
PETER VAN 13USKIRK.
A bill (H. R. No. 340) providing an increase of
pension to Peter Van Buskirk, of Washington
city, m the Distiict of Columbia.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr, CURTIS. 1 move that the committee rise.
From conversations which I have had with some
gentlemen, I believe that every bill upon the Cal-
endar will beoofected to. What is the use of our
sitting here and listening to reports read, unle
we accomplish something practical5
Mr. COLFAX. 1 wish to remind the gentle-
man from Iowa that last objection day he made
the same statement, that we would accomplish
nothing, and yet we went on, refusing to lise, and
passed some eighty-two bills.
Mr. LEITER. 1 wish to call attention to the
fact, that bills of as much meritas those laid aside
have been permitted to lemain upon the Calendar
unheard. Now, some plan should be adopted by
which all the cases should have an equal chance.
Mr. UN DER W OOD. I raise the point of order
that it is not m order for the gentleman to inter-
rupt the reading of a bill on this, objection day,
by making a motion that the committee rise. Let
us go on and transact the business properly.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Air. LEITER. Then I object to the bill.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The committee refused to rise.
Mr. BOWIE. I want to make a point of order.
Can a member object after a bill has been received
and read? If there be objection, it must be made
at the time it is called up.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
JOHN HARRIS.
A bill (H. R. No. 341) for the relief of John
Harris, of Wairen county, Kentucky.
The bill grants a pension, at the rate of ninety-
six dollars perannum, to John Harris, of Warren
county, Kentucky, commencing on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1850, and to continue during his natural
life.
It appeass from the evidence in the case, cor-
roborated and confirmed by the records of the Pen-
sion bureau, that the petitioner, now nearly ninety
years of age, enlisted in the year 1792, from the
State of New York, as a common soldier in a com-
pany of light diagoons, first commanded by Cap
tain Lee, and subsequently by Captain James Tay-
lor, and joined the Army of the United States in
what is called " Wayne's war;" that he served
faithfully from the period of his enlistment to the
close of this memorable war, when he was dis-
chaiged in 37S5; that in one of the hard-fought
battles m wh'ch he was engaged he received a
wound, yet visible upon his person; that the peti-
tioner, formerly a man of competency and good
estate, is now, by habitual kindneys and generos-
lty, reduced to great poverty and distress; that he
has heretofore applied for a pension, but because
his case was not embraced in any of the general
pension laws, his application has been rejected.
The committee, without recurring to many inter-
