1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§99
The SPEAKER. They have been ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is a very important
question, and i move that there be a call of the
House, in order that we may have a full vote on
this momentous issue.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine. Well, I sup-
pose \v<? had bettor have the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
Mr. KEITT. I ask for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr-. Houston] is not in or-
der; there is a motion for a call of the House
already pending.
Mr. HOUSTON". That is true; but this is
a very important issue which has been presented
to the House since the motion for a call of the
House has been smothered up.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call the gen-
tleman from Alabama to order.
Mr. LETCHER. What proposition is it that
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr, Cobb] wants
to be excused from voting on?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton] appealed from the decision of the
Chair. A gentleman on the left moved to lay the
appeal upon the table. Pending that question,
the gentleman from Alabama moved that he be
excused from voting upon the motion to lay the
appeal upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, if it be in order,
I move to be cxcused from voting upon that ques-
tion.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us have this question
decided first.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fromVirginia
[Mr. Letciier] is upon the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to know
whether the motion of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entertained ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Then I raise the
point of order that motions cannot be cumulated
m this way; and I appeal from the decision of the
Chair entertaining the motion. It may be im-
portant to have the practice established upon this
point.
Mr. COLFAX. It may be very important
hereafter.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table; and on that motion I ask the yeas
and nays.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, (at fifteen
minutes after five o'clock, p. m.) I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. 1 demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I withdraw
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. KEITT. I renew the motion.
Mr. COMINS. I call for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry. Would it be in order to move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet in
the old Hall? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, if it would
be in order, 1 would make that motion, and make
it in good faith. I think a majority of this House
are about ready to go back to the old Hall. I
think they are satisfied with this experiment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thmks the mo-
tion is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, I will make
it when it is in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Ahl, Anderson, Bmvie, Bryan, Ca«kie,
Clemens, Clmgman, Cobb, James Craig, Burton Craige,
Crawford,Davis ot Mississippi, Dowdeli, Eustis, Florence,
Gainett, Gartrell, Gillis,Gilmer,Greenwood, Hatch, Flaw-
kins, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jewctt, Geoige
W. Jones, Kent, Kelly, Jacob M. ICunkel, Lamar, Leidy,
Letcher, Maciay, McQueen, Humphrey Marshall, May-
nard. Miles, Millson, Moore, Ivibiaek, Peyton,Phelps, Pow.
ell, Quitman, Keagan, Ricaud, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge,
Savage, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Single-
ton, Samuel A. Smith, StalHvoith,Stephens, Miles Taylor,
Tnppe, Underwood, Ward, Wairen, Watkins, White,
Winteley, Woodson, Wortendyke, and Zollicoffer—71.
NAYS—>Ie*srs=. Abbott. Andrew*. Bennett, Billmghurst,
Bingham, Blair. Bli-s, Ki^yton, Bufilnlon, Bmluigame^
Burns, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark,
dawson, Clark B. Cochrane, Cockerill, Colfax, Comins,
Covode, Curtis, Dnmrell, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dean. Ootid, Durfee, English, Patu*worth, Foley,
Foster, Gtddings, Gihuan, Gooch, Goodwin, Grangei,
Cress, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. [fall. Harlan,
Thomas L. Harris, Elaskin, Hickman, Hoard, Ilorton, liow-
aui, Kellogtr, Kelsey, Kii ore, Knapp, John <>. Kunkel,
Leach, Leiter. Lovejov, MeKiblun, Samuel S. Marshall,
Morgan, MoinJI, Edward Joy Moin^'. Isaac N. Morn*', Olin,
Palmer, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purvianee, Redly, Ro'bbins,
ItoSipjfs, Itovee, Aaion Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W.
Sherman, Robert Smith, Stanton. William Stewart,Tap-
P'ui, Tnayei, Tompkins. Wade, Walbridge, Waldron,
Walton. Cadwalad'ir C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Isiael Washburn, Wilson, and Wood—92.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. KEITT, when his name was called, said:
I wish to ask the House to suspend the call at
this point and let me introduce a resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. KEITT. I vote "ay." We want a clerk
for my committee, and I wanted the House to
suspend the call and authorize us to employ
one.
Mr. GARNETT stated that Mr. Stevenson"
had paired off with Mr. Groesbeck.
Mr ADRAIN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Stewart, of Maryland.
The question recurred upon Mr. Letcher's
motion to lay Mr. Sherman's appeal upon the
table.
Mr. KEITT. Is that question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I withdraw the ap-
peal. Let the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House.
Mr. KEITT. Is the question now debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. KEITT. Is it not in order to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Letciier] his reason
for wishing to be excused from voting?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HUGHES. I offer the resolution which I
send to the Chair.
Mr. ENGLISH. I object.
Mr. HUGHES. It is a privileged question.
Mr. STANTON. I object to the reading of
the resolution
The SPEAKER. The resolution is objected to.
Mr. HUGHES. Jt is a privileged question.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman says he rises
to a privileged question; and if that is so, we ought
to hear what it is.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. He can state what
it is.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it be read, we can see at
once whether it is privileged or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that no
privileged question can intervene at this time.
The question recurs on the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Letciier,] that he be
excused from voting on the motion to excuse the
gentleman fromAlabama[Mr.CoBB] from voting.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. Upon that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. RICAUD. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
inasmuch as there is a motion for a call of the
House already pending.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GARNETT. I ask to be excused from
voting upon the motion that my colleague be ex-
cused from voting?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I raise the point
of order again whether motions of this kind can
be cumulated in this way after a call for the pre-
vious question >
Mr. BURNETT. I cali the gentleman from
Ohio to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has risen to a question of order. The Chair is of
the opinion that, under the rules of the House,
whatever may be the result, it is competent for
the gentleman to make the request; the rule allows
any gentleman to ask to be excused from voting
upon any proposition.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think we have got the ques-
tions a good deal complicated; and I move that
the House do now adjourn, in order that we may
investigate and see where we stand.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KEITT. I ask the House to excuse me
from voting on the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chaircannot entertain
the motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to make an inquiry.
Is it in order now to renew my proposition to
compromise this whole matter by coming to a
direct vote? [Laughter.]
Tho SPEAKER. Pending the motion to
adjourn, the Chair thinks it would hardly be in
order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 72, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aid, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barksi-
dalc, Bowie. Bryan, Burnett, Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay,
Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, John Cochrane, liurton Craige,'
Crawfoid, Cuny, Davis of Mississippi. Dowdell, Florence,
Garnett, 'Gartrell, Goode, Greenwood, Gregg, Hopkins,
Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson. Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel,La-
mar, Landy. Leuly, Letcher, Maciay, McQueen, Mayriard,
Milef, MilNon, Moore, Niblack, Peyton, Phelps, Phillip?,
Powell, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Ricaud, Ruffin, RusseM,
Savage. Scales, Henry M. Shaw. Singleton, Samuel A.
Smith. Stephens,Miles Taylor, Underwood, Warren, Wat-
kins. Woodson, Wortendvke, John V. Wught, and Zolli-
coffer—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Arnold, Bennett, Bil*
linghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Bur-
lmgame, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman,
Ezra Clark, dawson, Clark B. Cochran?, CockcriJ), Colfax,
Coniins, Covode, Cox, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dodd, Durfee, English, Parnswortb,
Fenton, Foley, Foster, Giddlngs, Gihnan, Gooch, Goodwin,
Grander, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Thomas L. Elan is, Has-
kin, Hickman, Ilorton, Howard, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgorn,
Knapp. John C. Kunkel, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, MeKih-
bm, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Mom*, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Olm. Palmer, Par-
kci, Petut. Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Robbins, Jtob-
eits, Royoe, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sher-
man, Robe it Smith. Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Waklion, Waiton,Cad'wala-
dei C. Washburn, Eilihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wilson, and Wood—93.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the vote,
Mr. ADRAIN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Stewart, of Maryland.
Mr. D AMR ELL stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Taylor, of New York.
Mr. GARNETT stated that Mr. Eustis had
paired off, till twelve o'clock to-morrow, with Mi.
MuRaiy.
Mr. CLEMEN'S stated that Mr. Faulkner
had paired off with a gentleman from New York.
Mr. KEITT stated that he took it for granted
that Mr. Cillis had paired off with somebody.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that
he had paired off with Mr. AViiite.
Mr SINGLETON stated that Mr. Ward had
paired off with Mr. Marshall, of Illinois.
The question recurred on Mr. Garnett's mo-
tion to he cxcused from voting onMr.Letcher's
motion to be excused from voting on Mr. Cobb 's
motion to bo excused from voting on the motion
to lay on the table Mr. Stanton's appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. GARNETT called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburne
of Illinois, and Trippe were appointed.
Tho Ilouse divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes forty-nine.
So the y«'as and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to inquire
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] if
he took an appeal from the decision of the Chair
in entertaining the proposition of the gentleman
from Virginia to be excused from voting?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I am satisfied with
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. STANTON. I think it would be well
enough to settle that question by a recorded vote;
and i will take an appeal from the decision of
tho Chair. It may be useful for future reference.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to Jay the appeal on
the table; and on that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to submit a propo-
sition as a soi t of compromise. Itis that all these
propositions should be withdrawn, and*that wc
come to a direct vote on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harris.]
The SPEAKER. Itis not in order.
Mr. WARREN, fat five minutes pas-t ■<  p.
