1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
had commenced on the 1st of January, 1857:
when would the appropriations for it have been
made r
Mr. HUNTER. Last year was the short ses-
sion. They probably would have been made in
the last of February, or beginning of March.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then that would have been
two months after the fiscal year began. If the
fiscal year commenced on the 1st of January, and
you made your appropriations for it at the end
of February, 1857, would not that have been two
months after the year began r
Mr. HUNTER. I stated that there was a par-
tial appropriation bill which might be passed in
December to meet the wants of the Government
for those two months, until the general bill could
be passed.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is the very fact which
I wanted to call to the attention of the Senate.
The Senator from Virginia said these deficiency
bills had been frequent in time past; but the fact
was that those deficiency bills, as he calls them,
wi't'o for the two first months of the fiscal year
that had not been provided for. They were new
appropriations, notdefieiencybills; and it was the
difficulty of providing the appropriations in sea-
son, the commencement of the sessi©n being on
the 1st of December, and the fiscal year com-
mencing in January, that led to changing the com-
mencement of the fiscal year t-o the 1st of July,
leaving the entire session of Congress m which to
make the appropriations. Therefore, the reason
which the Senator assigns for the present im-
mense deficiency bills fails; they could not have
originated from any such causc as he supposes
in times past. They result from a change in the
character of the administration of the Government
—not the change of the fiscal year. Now I should
II ke to ask the Senator how it is that the appropria-
tion® are made eighteen months ahead, as lie says.
At the lost session, Congress made the appropria-
tions for the present fiscal year.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say the appropri-
ations were made eighteen months ahead, but the
estimates are. They come in on the 1st of De-
cember, six months ahead of the commencement
of the fiscal year.
?\lr. SIMMONS. I want to call the attention
of the Senator to his proposition for changing the
fiscal year. He says he will do that as a means
of relieving us from these deficiency bills. Now,
Mr. President, there is a year's service estimated
for prior to the commencement of this session of
Congress that we are now in; to bring it home to
ourselves—and we can understand it better in that
way—that is, a year's service commencing on the
1st of July next, and ending July 1, 1859. There
is in every appropriation bill an amount sufficient
for every Department for a year; when five months
of the year have gone by, Congress comes here
again; and if we cannot come as near as five is to
twelve in providing for a year, I think we must
be very thick-headed. Here is a deficiency bill of
$7,000,000 for the Army; and that Department
must have exhausted all the appropriations for
the year ending July 1,1858. We are asked for
$7,000,000 of deficiencies; and I do not know but
that we were asked for it the first day we got here.
I do not know when this commenced. I do not
know but that this deficiency was ascertained and
reported to Congress at the commencement of the
session, when only five months of the fiscal year
had expired.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is mistaken.
These deficiencies were not reported in the annual
estimates. They were reported by special esti-
mate afterwards; nor are they all deficiencies.
They are some of them additional appropriations,
and if passed, some of them would be deducted
fi om the annual appropriations for the next fiscal
year.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand; and If they are
appropriations going into the next fiscal year,
they are improperly called deficiencies—most as-
suredly they arc. They are either appropriations
tor this year, to make up deficiencies in the ap-
propriations which were made at the last session,
or they are improperly m this bill. If they are
appropriations for the next year, let them go
i:i:o the nextyear's bill; they do not belong here.
T:idt is my notion about it, and I suppose the
Senator from Virginia will agree with me.
Air. HUNTER. If the Senator from Rhode _
Inland knew the reason, f think he would not i
express that opinion. We are asked to make these
additional appropriations a year ahead, because
we can transport the provisions to Utah more
cheaply when there is grass on the plains, and
the teams can be subsisted on it as they go, than
if we wait until that has disappeared. It is because
it is more economical to make them ahead, that
they are now asked. In regard to the name, I
acknowledge it is not a deficiency, if that is what
the gentleman stickles upon.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir; I never stickle about
names. What I mean to say is, that if we should
make an appropriation for the year ending on the
1st of July, 1859, at an earlier period than usual,
on account of the grass, let us make it at an ear-
lier period on account of the grass, and not call
it a deficiency. I do not see that there was any
necessity for making contracts a year ahead, or
before this bill had passed. I cannot conceive
of that necessity. But what I spoke of was in ref-
erence to calling the attention of the Senator from
Virginia to a mistake that I thought he had made
as to the convenience of having the fiscal year
end on the 30th of June instead of the 31st of De-
cember. It was a uniform difficulty to prepare
the estimates of appropriations in the course of
the month of December, for the entire year then
to come; and for the partial appropriations, as he
calls them, there was a proper appropriation bill,
and afterwards an additional appropriation bill.
For that reason the system was changed, and, I
think, judiciously changed. Everybody must see
that we are now, at this day in April, yet with-
out the appropriation bills passed; and, if the fis-
cal year commenced on the 1st of January, three
or four months would have elapsed before wc got
any appropriations; so that there is no reason for
a change. Such a change would not remove the
difficulty; and I think the Senator will admit that
we should be hurried to make the appropriations
in the four weeks of December, instead of having
five months, as we now have, in which to make
them.
With respect to the provision of the law of
1820,1 can see no difficulty that would result from
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire, except in a time of war, and if
the bill is about to be adopted, it ought to have
that provision in it. No forecast can provide
against contingencies that may happen during a
foreign war. Nor can I understand myself what
is supposed to have been the difficulty that sug-
gested this exception in the law. The Senator
from Virginia says that the experience of the war
of 1812 had suggested this modification. I do not
know that thereover was such a law before 1820.
Perhaps theie was; but if this is the first law that
limited the discretion of the Departments in this
respect, it is very singular that there should be
an exception that was suggested when there was
no law that limited the discretion. It does not
purport to be the amendment of a law; and we
went through the war of 1812, it seems, without
such a limitation on the discretion of the Presi-
dent or the Departments; and when Congress made
this law, it was probably suggested to omit the
matter of supplies and transportation for conve-
nience, because then the fiscal year commenced
on the 1st of January, and Congress only met
four weeks before, and it was a nice point to cal-
culate when eleven months of one year remained
before Congress would be together. But is there
any such trouble in calculatingexpenditures when
wc are to meet within five months after the fiscal
year begins? There is no such trouble; and I
say there is no man worthy of a seat in any De-
partment of this Government who cannot esti-
mate its expenditures so as not to be deficient be-
fore Congress comes together, when less than half
the year has expired; and I think the Senator from
Virginia will agree with mc that there is no dan-
ger of any inconvenience from it, except in time .
of war; and in time of war we might very easily '
confer this discretion.
I am willing to give enough to fight the enemies
of the country to the best advantage, and not
think much about the cost. That is my opinion
about fighting; but in time of peace, piling up
these little petty expenditures for the purpose of
making contracts, and making contracts for the
purpose of getting votes to carry expenditures,
is what I do not like. 1 want some restraint on
them. I do not like the notion of men making
contracts on account of the ^ being more
favorable in winter than it will be after the next
July. If there are any real deficiencies, I am al-
ways ready to vote them; I am not going to cavil
about a few dollars. I think we ought to make
fair, liberal, and just appropriationsrmake them
in season, and support the Government, and sus-
tain it in every department, and not be higgling
about small sums. But then I want to hold the
heads of Departments to a just responsibility as
to their estimates, and as to the execution of t'he
appropriations we make. I do not understand,
and cannot understand, by what authority an
Executive Department of this Government says,
when five months of the year have gone by, "we
will transfer seventeen millions of the appropria-
tions of last year over to the expenditures of the
next year." Why, sir, we might as well not have
any Congress if we allow that to be done. I see
in the Treasury report, made on the 8tli of De-
cember last, that there were somewhere between
| sixteen and seventeen millions of appropriations
j for this present year that we are going through,
i that had been decided to be postponed until the
next fiscal year. Where is the authority to do it?
I should like to know. When we undertake to
appropriate money for a year, to be expended in
that year, we doit with some intelligence, I take it.
We think it ought to be appropriated and it ought
to be expended; and the Executive is the man to
carry out the will of Congress in that matter, and
he has no more right to carry up seventeen mil-
lions of appropriations to another year than he
has to put his hand into the Treasury and take
seventeen millions out of it. I do not mean to
hold him to any nicety about these matters; but
when I 3ee millions appropriated by Congress last
year, to be expended in that year, carried over in
a lump to be expended in the next year, I want to
know what authority there is for it, and I should
like the Senator from Virginia to enlighten me,
because this is a new thing in my experience; I
never knew it to be done before.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator had looked to
the law providing for the surplus fund, he would
have found that it is especially provided that an
appropriation maybe used for two years, and after
that time it goes to the surplus fund, and cannot
be used. There is express law for it; and where
there are outstanding balances for one year ap-
plicable to another year under that law, the Sec-
i retary refers to that fact as a reason why he di-
i minishes his estimate for that service. There is
I a law for it, and always has been.
! Mr. SIMMONS. The statement in the Treas-
! ury report was, that there were $17,000,000 of
i the appropriation for the year ending the 1st of
j July, 1858, that would be carried over to the year
' ending the 1st of July, 1859. There may be some
j floating balances, for all I know; but I noticed that
i there was one item alone of two or three million
] dollars,appropriated to public buildings, that was
i to be carried over. I have no objection to its be-
ing carried over, if there is no money; but the rea-
son ought to be assigned why it is not spent in
the year in which it is appropriated to be ex-
pended. That is what I want. If the President
had said, " here are two, three, or four million
dollars appropriated for public buildings; we are
short of money, and I concluded not to expend
it," that would be a good reason. But this mere
carrying it over without assigning any reason, is
what I complain of. It is of the same character
with the making of contracts committing the faith
of the Government to expenditures without au-
thority.
I have n"o disposition to complain of these
tilings; but if we undertake to define the duties
of the Executive Departments ofthis Government;
if wc take the obligation upon ourselves to make
the appropriations intelligently, we ought to con-
fine the officers—no matter how high they are in
authority—to carrying out the true intent and
meaning of the law. As I said before, I can see
no practical difficulty in any Secretary of War, or
Secretary of the Navy, making proper estimates
when we meet here, before one half the fiscal year
has expired. If these contracts were made since
Congress came together, without notice to Con-
gress that the appropiiation was exhausted, they
were improperly made—there is no doubt about
that. We were here, and it was the duty of the
President or his Secretary to tell us that he needed
a further appropriation for transportation, cloth-
ing, &c.; that it had been exhausted on account
