1686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
of the troubles in Utah; and to ask for an appro-
priation. Was not that within his competency?
Was there any inconvenience in it?
I have no motive to make any charge against
the Secretaries at the head of our Departments. I
donotknow who these contractors are; I pay very
lit ie attention to these matters. My attention
would not have been called to them but for the re-
marks made by the Senator from Virginia, who
went back to the change of the fiscal year to cover
up what I suppose to be a very improper contract
made when Congress was together without con-
sulting Congress. I should like to know what the
appropriations for the War Department were last
year, for this item of transportation and subsist-
ence—perhaps many millions. If, on the 8th of
December that fund was exhausted, was it not the
duty of the President and Secretaries, in making
their reports, and submitting their estimates to us,
to state that these items of appropriation were ex-
hausted daring the first five months of the year,
and to ask an early appropriation to supply the
deficiencies for this year, and not have made con-
tracts until they got an appropriation ? If we had
refused to make the appropriation, the responsi-
bility would have rested on us. I have no idea
that the Congress of the United States would re-
fuse in such a case. At any rate my deliberate
judgment is, that the power to refuse is with us,
and with no other body. I am not going to part
with it on any pretense about altering the fiscal
year, or the enu of it, or the beginning of it. I
mean to hold this power as long as I sit here; I
mean to deal liberally with all the Departments of
this Government, but I mean to hold them to the
responsibility that the Constitution has imposed
upon them; that is, that they shall have the ap-
propriations before they make the expenditures,
and that they shall not commit the faith of this
Government without first obtaining the consent
' of Congress to such an act.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I think it will be
obvious to every member'of the Senate who will
give any attention to this matter, that the sixth
section of the act of 1820 wants some amendment,
because while the prohibition against entering into
contracts applies to some of the Secretaries, and
the exception applies to some of the Secretaries,
there are two heads of Departments who are not
mentioned either in the license or the exception,
and they are the Postmaster General and the Sec-
re taiy of the Interior, for the words of the law are:
" That no contract shall hereafter bo made by the Secre-
tary of State. or of the Trea^urj, oi of the Dcpntment of
War, oi of the Navy, except under a law authorizing the
same," &c.
So the restriction is not made to apply in ex-
press terms to the Postmaster General, or to the
Secretary of the Interior; but when it comes to
the exceptions, they relate to certain Departments
of the Army and Navy. The Postmaster Gen-
eral and Secretary of the Interior are left out alto-
gether.
Now, sir, the honorable Senator from Virginia
—I listened to him with a great deal of care—ad-
mitted that there was an evil. lie suggested no
remedy. I am perfectly satisfied that if you do
not adopt this remedy, there will be none. Adopt
it this year, and the evils which he imagines, will
not exist in point of fact. We got along in the
years 1853, 1854, and 1855 without any of these
extraordinary contracts being made by the War
Department. There was no deficiency asked for
either of those years. The Secretary of State and
the Secretary of the Treasury have no such au-
thority at any time, in peace or war, and my
amendment, if it passes, will simply leave the
other Secretaries under the same restrictions that
they now are.
The honorable Senator from Virginia hasagood
deal to say in commendation of this provision be-
cause it is an old one, passed in 1820. Well, sir,
I recollect that, a few years ago, a proposition was
made to repeal a famous act, passed in 1820, for
which he had not such great regard, and he was
one of the swiftest to repeal it; and the fact that
it was passed about that time, did not commend
itself to his particular favor. Nor should it be
said that the experience we have had under it dem-
onstrates its wisdom. Sir, the experience we have
had under it demonstrates its folly, and demon-
strates its mischievous tendency, which is to cre-
ate these very deficiency bills.
I made ons statement yestaday as to which
the Senator says I am mistaken in point of fact.
Well, sir, if there is one single department of this
Government in which I have unlimited confidence,
it is the ofiice of the Secretary of the Senate, and
the clerks under him. I never found any want of
accuracy or fidelity there, nor any want of dispo-
sition to accommodate those who had occasion to
go to their office. Knowing their proverbial accu-
racy, I went to that ofiice, and ascertained, from
an examination made at the ofiice by the clerks,
that 1844 was the first year we ever had one of
these bills passed. Then I turned to the debates
which had taken place when it was introduced,
and I saw that it was denounced on this floor as
extraordinary, and unconstitutional.
Nor, sir, have I said that literally a deficiency
bill is unconstitutional; but I have said, and I say
now, that it is a violation of the spirit of the Con-
stitution. I said it was an observance of its letter.
The letter says that no mon^y shall be drawn from
the Treasury, except in consequence of an appro-
priation made by law. We keep the letter of it,
but we as palpably violate the spirit of it when
we confer upon a subordinate officer the authority
to pledge the faith of the Government for a debt,
as we should if we authorized that officer to put
his hand into the Treasury and take the money
out, because it is substantially taking the money
out. The public faith is pledged; the public faith
must be redeemed; and the money is appropriated
whenever the public faith is pledged, and after
that the passage of an appropriation act is noth-
ing but a mere form. It is just exactly like a
treaty made by the President and the Senate.
They pledge the public faith to the payment of
certain sums, and the Congress of the United
States have always felt themselves bound by
honor, by their position, to meet appropriations
made by that Department of the Government, and
they always will. So, sir, it is virtually, not lit-
erally, a violation of the Constitution.
The honorable Senator from Maryland suggests
something like a remedy, but he will paidon me
if I say to him that it is no u-medy at all. It is
simply calling upon the President, if these extraor-
dinary emeigencies arise, when Centres5 meets
to submit the reasons which have indued him to
do it; and I am told by the honorable Senator from
Maine that there is substantially a law hkc that
now. Mr. President, we have tried this; we know
what the result is. We know that now we are
called upon for appropriations for deficiencies
amounting to nearly ten million dollars, seven or
eight millions of which are for the War Depart-
ment, a sum nearly equal to the whole expenses
of the Government thirty years ago, in 1828. We
are called upon, in addition to the £G5,000,000ap-
propriated last year, independent of any new ap-
propriations under the operation of this bill, to
appropriate this sum now as a deficiency. When
we sec the evil, when we see to what it has led,
why not apply this remedy? We have seen that
the Government have got along within a very late
period, in 1853,1854, and 1855, without any such
license; and if they got along m 1853, J8a4, and
1855, why may they not get along just as well in
1858, 1859, and 18G0?
Besides, sir, these appropriations, if you will
insist on giving this power, might be limited to
certain contingencies which should be first ascer-
tained to exist; but as it is now, it is an unlimited
license, and a license deposited in the hands sub-
stantially of one of the subordinate officers of the
Department of War, to wit, the Quartermaster
General. So far as that man is concerned, all the
machinery of the Constitution is virtually a nul-
lity under the operation of the sixth section of the
act of 1820, and there is no limit upon the power
which he may thus exercise, and no limit upon
the extent to which he may thus, in substance,
expend the public treasure.
1 should be glad if somebody that is in the
majority—somebody that is responsible for the
doings of this Administration—would suggest
some remedy by which this leak is to be stopped,
this evil is to be remedied, and this wrong is to be
redressed. But, sir, as those gentlemen do not
bring forward anything, as the Committee on Fi-
nancedo not propose anything, although I am in
the minority, and a small minority, in this body,
I cannot divest myself of the responsibility which
belongs to me as a Senator in suggesting what I
believe to be necessary for the redress of those
wrongs which I see perpetrated.
But, sir, it is said that Providence never sends
any affliction that does not bring a blessing with
it; and I rejoice and thank God that there will
grow out of what gentlemen are pleased to denom-
inate the great commercial crisis through which
the country has just passed, a stern law before
which even your Administration mustbend, pow-
erful as it is—and that is the law of necessity.
You have not got the money to spend, and you
cannot get it. We have already given the Ad-
ministration power to issue twenty millions, and
they will be here in a few days, asking for au-
thority to borrow twenty or thirty millions more;
and if this loose mode of appropriation continues,
we must go on spending and borrowing just as
long as anybody will lend to us.
I can hardly refrain from a smile when I hear
a man talk about the specific appropriations which
we make. X wish that somebody would look at
some dictionary, and see what " specific" means,
and then read some of the sections in this bill. I
will read one clause, to show how specific it is:
u For incidental expenses of the rpiarterinastei's depart-
ment, consisting of postage on letters and packages received
and sent by officers of the Army on public service ; expenses
of courts martial and courts- of inquiry, including the addi-
tional compensation to judge advocator, ieeorders, meni-
beis, and witnesses, while on that service, undci the act of
March 16, 1802; exnapay to soldiers employed under the
dnectionof the quartei master's department, m the ejection
of barracks, quarters, stoiehouses, and hospitals ; the con-
struction of roads, and other constant laboi, for periods of
not less than ten days, under the acts of March 2,1819. and
August 4,1854, including those employed as clerks atdivis-
lon and department headquarters; expenses of expresses to
and from the trontier posts, and armie* in the field ; of cseoiis
to paymasters?, other disbursing officers, and trains, when
mihtarv escort-* cannot be furnished; expanses of the inter-
ment of nou commissioned officers and soldiers; amhon^d
otlicc furniture ; lure of laborers in the quartei master's de-
partment, including bite of mtci pi eter<, spie.-, and guide-.,
for the Army; compensation of clerk to officers of the quar-
termaster's department; compensation of forage and wagon
master-*, authorized by the act ol July o, 1838 ; for the ap-
prehension of dosertetb, and the expenses incident to their
pursuit; the following expenditures requited /or the two re-
giment-1 of dragoons, the two logiments of cavaiiy, the regi-
ment of mounted riflemen, and such i ompames ot inianny
as may be mounted, viz, the purchase of traveling livers,
blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horse and mule shoes and
nails, iron and «teel lor shoeing, hire of veterinary surgeons,
medicines for hoises arid mules, picket ropes, and shoeing
the horses of those corps, ,"$190,000.
All these things are put together under one head,
and the sweeping sum of $190,000 appropriated
for them; and that is called a specific appropriation.
I should like to know, in the name of Heaven, if
that is a specific appropriation, what a general one
would be; for this puts together every imagina-
ble item that can possibly be thought of, some of
them as dissimilar as any two items can be, un-
der one head, and appropriates $190,000, and that
is called a specific appropriation. I am perfectly
satisfied that if we do not apply some such rem-
edy as this, we shall apply none. If we apply
this, and it fails, or any mischief comes from it,
Congress will be together in a short time, and it
can be repealed. But the great difficulty in the
way of my amendment is a very singular one.
We have been a nation about seventy years, since
the adoption of the Federal Constitution, and we
have been engaged in a foreign war twice; and
because it may be necessary to give this extraor-
dinary discretion to the Secretary of War m time
of war, we are going to make it a general pro-
vision, governing all time, both in war and in
peace. As was well said on another occasion,
what was intended as an extreme medicine to a
sick patient we propose to administer as his daily
food, and let the Government have the exercise
of a discretion every day in time of peace, which
it is admitted there is no possible excuse for ex-
cept in time of war.
I will not trouble the Senate any longer, but
merely close what I have to say by asking, that
wlien the question be taken on my amendment,
it be taken by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. I suggested to the honor-
able Senator from Maryland, that there was al-
ready a provision of law somewhere which I had
seen, as I thought broad enough to cover the sug-
gestion made by him. I will^call his attention to
it. It is a provision in the act of April 21, 1803:
u Sec, 5. JhiA be it further enacted, That from and after
the pacing of tins act, it shall be the duty of the Secretaiy
of the Treasuiy, the Secretary of War, the Secretary of the
Navy, and the Postmaster General, annually to lay beiore
Congiess a statement of all the eontiaets which have been
made in their respective Departments during the year pre-
ceding such report, exhibiting in such statement the name
