1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HUGHES. I move there be a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the motion
is not in order, inasmuch as the motion is already
pending.
Mr. MILES. I ask to be excused from voting
on the motion to excuse tho gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Garnett:] and on that motion call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Bingham, Blair, Bhas, Bowie, Hrayton, Buffinton, Buihn-
game, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Coekerill, Colfax, Co-
mins, Covode, Curtis, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis ot Iowa, Dean, Dodd. Durfee,Edmundson,
Farns worth, Fo-ter, Gartrell, Gilhs, Gooch, Good win, Gran-
gei, Greenwood, Grow. Roheit B. Hall, I-lailan, Ilorton, ■
Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson, J. Gianoy Jones, Kei- j
logg, Kelly, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Letter, Letch- j
er, Lovejoy, Maelay, Mason, Miles, Morgan, Moirill, Ed- |
waid Joy Monis, Laac N. Mollis, Oliver A. Morse, "Nib- !
Jack, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Phillips, Pike, ;
Potrie, Purviancc, Reagan, Reilly, Robbing, Robetts, Royee,
Kuffin, Russell. Savage, Scaled, Aaion Shaw, Judson VV.
Shciman, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stephens, William Stew-
ait, Tappan, Thayei, Tompkins, Walbiidgp, Waldron,Wal-
ton', Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, and
Israel Washburn—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Bennett, Billinghurst, Burnett, John B.
Clark, Clay, Clemens, Chngman, Cobb, Cox, Bui ton Ci.ug<',
Cravvi'oid, Dawes, Dewair, Do wdeM, English, Fen ton, Flor-
ence, Foley, Gilman, Lawrence W. flail, Thomas L. Har-
ris, Haskiii, Hatch, Hickman, Hill, Hopkins, Owen Jones,
Keitt, Lamar. MoKibbin, McQueen, Majnard, Millson,
Montgomery, Moore, Mott, Potter,Uuitman, Rioaud, Sew-
ard, Hemy M. Shaw. Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Stall worth,
Watkuvs, White, Wilson, John V. Wright, and Zoilicof-
fer—50.
So Mr. Miles was excused from voting on the
motion to excuse Mr. Garnett.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BURNETT said: I rise to a question of
order. I submit that the gentlemen fiom South
Carolina [Mr. Miles] has no right to vote. The
rule prescribes that a member shall not vote upon
any question in which he is directly interested.
The gentleman from South Carolina has voted
upon this question, in which he is directly inter-
ested. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER, The Chair is of opinion that
the rule has reference only to a pecuniary interest.
Mr. OLIN stated that Mr. Gilmer had been
obliged to leave the House, in conscquence of in-
disposition.
Mr. MILES. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to withdraw my vote.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
Mr. WARREN". I ask to record my vote. I
was not within the bar when my name was called.
Objection was made.
The question then recurred upon the motion
that Mr. Gahnett be excused from voting-.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 rise to aprivilegedquestion.
1 move to reconsider the vote by which Mr.
Miles was excused; and I would ask whether
that motion is debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that -motion.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clemens
and Waldron were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-seven in the affirmative and none in the
negative.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. As there
seems to be no quorum present, I move that
there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary that there
should be a quorum to order the yeas and nays.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. How does
the Speaker know that there is a quorum in the
House ?
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary at this
time for the Chair to ascertain that fact,
Mr. CRAIGE, of North_ Carolina. One fifth
of a quorum have not voted for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. More than one fifth of a
quorum have voted. The Chair decides that the
yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. WARREN. It is with great pleasure
that I generally concur with the Speaker in all
Jus decisions. But, sir, I must appeal from this
decision; and I ask the yeas and nays upon the
appeal. I dislike very much to do it, but upon
♦his occasion I must take an appeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks this is a
very good time to stop appeals, inasmuch as there
is one pending already. t
Mr. WARREN. I am very much obliged to
the Chair. I took the appeal very reluctantly.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 52, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Arnold, Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Bingham, Blan, Bliss, Bowie, Brayton, Buffinton,
Burhngatne, Burnett, Burroughs, Campbell, Case,Chaffee,
Ezra Clark, dawson, Olark B. Cochrane, Coekerill, Colfax,
Coining Covnde, Cox, Curtis, Davis of" Indiana, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of fowa, Dawes, Deau, Dewart, Dur-
i fee. English. Fenton, Foley, Foster, Gilman,Gooch, Goode,
I Goodwin, Grander, Grcgs,Grow,LawrenceW. IIalI,Hobeit
! B.HaH, ilaihin/riioma'* L.Han is, Ilaskin, Hatch, Hickman,
i Hoard, Hoiton. Howard, Huyler, Kellogg. Kiigore, Knapp,
I John C. Kunkel. Leach, Leiter, Letcher,"Lovejoy, Moigan,
Moriill, Edward Joy Morn*, Freeman 11. Mor*i , Ohvei A.
Morse, Mott, Niblack, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer. Paiker. Pike,
: Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Robbms, Robert, Royee. Ilitffin,
i Savage, Scales, Reward, Aaron Shaw, Hemy M. Shaw,
John Sherman, Judson W, Sherman, Stallworth. Stephens,
James A. Srewait, William Stewart, Tappan, Tompkins,
Trippe, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
White, Wilson, and Wood—106.
NAYS—Messrs, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Bryan, Burns,
Clemen*, Cliiurrii.tn, Cobb, John Cochrane, Buiton Ciaige,
Crawford, Dowdrll, Edmund*on, Farnsworth, Florence,
Gartrell, Gillis, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Jackson,
Jewett, J. Glancv Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kelsey, Lamar,
Landy, Madav*, McQueen, Mason, Mavnaid, Moore, Isaac
N.MoYih, Peyton, Phillip*.Quitman,Ready,Reagan, Iteilly,
Ricand. Ru^ell, Shorter, Sickles, Robeit Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, Spmuer, Thayer, Wlutelcy, Woodson, and Zolh-
colfer—51
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Pending the call of tho roll,
Mr. WARREN stated that Mr. Greenwood,
being indisposed, had left the Hall, and had
paired off with Mr. Pettit.
Mr MARSHALL, of Illinois, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Ward.
The question recurred upon the motion to ex-
cuse Mr Garnett from voting.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded the
yeas arid nays.
Mr. WARREN. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw his motion for a
moment, while I make a proposition which I ap-
prehend will meet the approbation of the whole
House.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I will hear
the proposition of the gentleman.
Mr. WARREN. It is this. We have been
talking about Kansas very unprofitably, and I
now move that we talk about Ar-Kansus. [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the sub-
ject is hardly in order now.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine. Gentlemen
upon that side of the House must be very anxious
to get a vote upon the President's message, and I
hope that we may hear any proposition to that
end, and  
[Cries of " Order !" " Order !"]
The SPEAKER, Debate is not in order.
The yeas and nay%were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
74, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson. Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Bocock, Bowie, Bryan, Burnett, John B. Claik, Clay, Clem-
ens, Chngman, Cobb, John Cochiane, James Ciaig, Barton
Ciai'je, Crawford, Davis of Mi-stssippi, Dmvdeil, Edmund-
son, Florence, Gairiett, Gartrell,Gilhs,Goode, Gregsr, Hatch,
Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson,
Jewett, J. Glaucy Jones, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar,
Landy, Leidy, Letcher, Maelay, McQueen, Mason, May-
nard, Miles, Moore, Niblack, Peyton, Phelps, Powell, Quit-
man,Ready. Reagan, Ruffin, Russell, Savage, Scales, Sooit,
Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton. Samuel A.
Smith, Stalhvorth, Tnppe, Warren, Watkins, White,
Woodson, Woitendyke, John \ . Wright, and Zolheoffer--
74.
NAYS—Messrs. Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst, Bing-
ham, Blah, Bliss, B i ay ton, Buffinton, Buihnsame, Bur-
inughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman. Ezra Claik,
Claw>on, Claik B Cochrane, Cockeiill, Colfax, Coming
Covode, Cox, Cuius, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dodd,
Durfee, English. Fenton, Foley, Fo^tei, Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger, Gjow, Lawrence W. Hall,Robeit D. Hall. Italian,
Thomas L. Hani*. Ha^km, Hoard, Horton, Howaid, Owen
Jones, Kellogg, Kilgoie, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach,
Loiter, I.ovejoy, Montgomei v, Morgan, Morrill, Edward
Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morns, Fireman H. Morse, Oliver A.
Morse, Mou, Nienol*, Olm, Palmer, Parker. Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Purviance, Reilly, Robbing, Roberts, Royee, Aaron
Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith,
Spinner, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins,
Wade. Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C. Wash-
bum, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn. Wilson, aad
Wood—95.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Garnett to be excused from voting on the
motion of Mr. Letcher to be excused from voting
on the motion of Mr. Cobb to be excused from
voting on the motion of Mr. Seward to lay on the
table the appeal of Mr. Stanton from the decis-
ion of the Chair ruling in order the motion of Mr."
Bishop that when the House adjourns it adjourn
to Monday next, upon which the yeas and nay®
had been ordered.
Mr. WARREN. Being peculiarly situated in
this behalf, I move to be excused from voting
upon the question; and upon it I demand the yeas
and nays. I dislike to make a request of that sort.
Mr. LEITER. Would it be in order to move
to hitch on the balance of those who want to be
excused ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. ENGLISH. I call for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. English, and
Craige of North Carolina, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes thirty-seven, noes none.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays are or-
dered.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
There was no quorum voting.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the other side of the-House to
allow mo to speak for one hour. I think my per-
sonal popularity is such that they will grant my
request. [Cries of " Object!" " Object!"]
Mr. SEWARD. Did the Chair decide my point
of older?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that a suf-
ficient number\oted for the yeas and nays, to
entitle them to bo taken.
Mr. SEWARD. But no quorum voted.
The SPEAKER. It iequires only one fifth of
the members present.
Mr. SEWARD How does the Chair know
that one fifth of those present voted ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair rs governed by
the vote taken.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 72, nays 31; as follows;
I YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Arnold, Bennett, Bing-
! ham, Bliss, Biayton, Buffinton, Case, Ezra Clark, dawson,
■ Olatk B. Cochrane, Comma, Covode, Curtis, Davis of In-
i tliana, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dm fee, Edmundson, Fenton,
: Fosfr, Oilman, Giow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L.
: llaius. [laskin, Hoard, Hopkins. Ilorton, Howattf, Jewett,
! Kelloait, Kiigore, Kn.ipp, Loiter, Lovejoy,Morgan,Morrill,
; Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Moms, Oiiver A. Morse,
I Niblack, Nichols-, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pike, Pottle, Rob-
i bmi, Roberts, Royee, Russell, Seward, John Sherman,
• Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith. Samuel A. Smith,
Spin tier, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
; Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwai-
j ader C. Washburn, and Wil&on—72.
! j\TAVS — Messrs. Billinghurst, Blair, Burlmgame, Bur-
i roughs, Chaffee, Clemens, Coekerill, Colfax, Cox, Davis
; oi Iowa,, Dawes, Dewait, English, Foley, Goode, Keliy,
I John C. Kunkel, Leach, Maynarri, Montgomery. Fireman
! 11 Moise, Moft, Potter, Purviance, Redly, Savage, Aaron
Shaw, Eihhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, and Wood
j —31.
]; No quorum voted.
II Pending the call,
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, stated that he
li had paired off with Mr. Damrf.ll.
;j Mr. CLINGMAN. Asaquorumhasnotvoted,
no motion is in order but a motion to adjourn. X
;i therefore move that the House adjourn.
-! Mr. WASHBURN, of Illinois, demanded the
j yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
33, nays 96; as follows:
YE VS—Messrs. Ahl, Bowie, Caskie, Clingman, Goode,
Gregff. Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Jewett, Kelly, Niblack,
ai,NAVS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bilhng-
hur-,t Bin bam, Biair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Burhn-
game', Burroughs, Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Fv/.ra. Clark,
dawson, ClarK B. Cochiane, Coekerill, CoHHk, Comins,
Covode, Cox, Curtis, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, English, Fen-
ton, Foley, Foster, Gilman, Gonch, Goothvm, Granger,
Giow, I*dwrcnce W. Hall, Robm B. Hall, Hailan, Thomas
L. Hams. Ha^km, Hoaid, Horton, Ilowaid, Owen Jones,
Kellogg, Kik'ore. Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Leitei,
Lovejoy, Mcivibbm, Montgomery, Morgan, Morvni,Ld\vard
