1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2711
An act (H. R. No. 169) making appropriations
for the payment of clerks employed m the offices
of Mie roisters of the land offices at Oregon City
and Winchester, in the Territory of Oregon;
An act (EI. R. No. 332J for the relief of Rich-
ard B. Alexander;
An act (H. R, No. 334) for the relief of Simeon
Stedman;
An act (H. R. No. 335) for the relief of Susan-
nah Redman, widow of Lloyd Redman;
An act (H. R. No. 344) for the relief of Captain
Stanton Sholes;
An act (H. R. No. 347) forthe relief of Joseph
Webb;
An act (H. R. No. 256) for the relief of Oliver
P. Hovey;
An act (H. R. No. 456) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Brevet Major John Jones, of Tennessee,
(with an amendment;)
An act (H. R. No. 453) for the relief of Robert
W. Cushman, formerly an acting purser in the
United States Navy;
An act (H. R. No. 455) for the relief of Mica-
jah Brooks;
An act (H. R. No. 490) for the relief of Isaac
Body and Samuel Fleming;
An act (H. R. No. 503) for the relief of Job
Stafford, of the Statu of New York;
An act (H. R. No. 504) for the relief of Eliza-
beth McBrier, only surviving child and heir of
Colonel Archibald Loushrey, deceased;
An act (H. R. No. 547) for the relief of Benja-
min Wakefield; and
An act (H. R. No. 572) for the relief of Lewis
W. Broadwell.
The Committee of the Whole House resumed,
and proceeded with the consideration of the Pri-
vate Calendar.
MARY ANN HENRY.
A bill (H. R. No. 3G2) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Ann Henry.
The bill authorizes and requires the Commis-
sioner of Pensions to inscribe the name of Mrs. j
Mary Ann Henry,of Pennsylvania, widow of the
late Captain Henry Henry, of the United States
Navy, on the naval pension roll, at the rate of
fifty dollars per month, to commence from the 26th i
of July, 1857, the day of his dead;, and to ccm- ;
tinue during herlifp,unlessshe shall again marry, I
in which case the pension shall cease from the
date-of such marriage. s
Mr. FLORENCE. I propose to amend that ;
bill by striking out " fifty dollars" and inserting j
11 thirty dollars" per month. j
The amendment was agreed to. • j
The hill was then objected to. ,
Mr. OWEN JONES. 1 move that the com- |
mittee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
HENRY MILLER.
A bill (H. It. No. 363) granting an invalid pen- j
sion to Henry Miller. 1
Mr. ELLIOTT. I can say that that is a very
just claim, and I hope the bill will be passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is a violation
of the general law.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the bill.
Mr. REILLY. It is no use trying to pass any
bill here; I therefore move that the committee !
rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I consider it an insult of- I
fered to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, who ,
have been engaged in investigatmgthesecases, and 1
have presented the bills in good faith, that these .
causeless objections should be made. •
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have a substan- '
tial objection to this bill.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I am willing that this bill ,
shall go to the House, and a vote shall be taken
upon it by yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will agree to
that. Indeed, I am willing that you may go
through the whole Calendar in the House, if you
will take a vote upon each of the bills by yeas !
and nays; but this is no way to legislate, begging
gentlemen to withdraw their objections, when .
they have substantial objections to bills.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the bill. ,
MART B. DUSENBERY. j
A bill (H. R. No. 364) for the relief of Mary j
B. Dusenbery.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would in-
quire if this case does not fall under the general
law passed yesterday?
Mr. BOWIE. No, sir; this is an original ap-
plication.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No law has ever
been passed providing for cases of this kind. The
husband of this lady was educated at West Point,
was in the quartermaster's department, a staff
officer, and died of sickness in time of peace.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not ob-
ject to the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to it.
JEREMIAH WRIGHT.
A bill (H. R. No. 365) granting a pension to
Jeremiah Wright.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That bill was
objected to the other day. It is upon the same
principle as bill No. 363. If gentlemen will give
us a vote upon it in the House by yeas and nays,
I will not object.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well,let us
lay bill No. 363 aside also, on the same condition.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object to having
the yeas and nays upon these bills in the House.
We occupy enough time upon them here.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say to the
gentleman from New York, that Congress pro-
poses to adjourn on Thursday next. The Gov-
ernment will pay him and every other member
his salary from now until the first Monday in
next December; and if these bills ought to be
passed at all, you ought to take time to do it.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Has bill
j No. 363, granting an invalid pension to Homy
; Miller, been laid aside also?
| The CHAIRMAN. It has not. It wes ob-
jected to- by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
! Smith.]
CREEK INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
A bill (H. R. No. 367) to provide for the ex-
i animation and payment of certain claims of citi-
i zens of Georgia and Alabama, on account of losses
j sustained by depredations of the Creek Indians.
I Mr. MORGAN. That bill is too importantto
i be passed without discussion. I object to it.
Mr. SHORTER. If the gentleman from New
j York will withdraw his objection, and let the bill
go before the House, we will give him ample time
for discussion.
Mr. MORGAN. I know how it will he, if the
bill goes to the House. The previous question
will be called, and there will be no chance for dis-
cussion.
Mr. SHORTER.. The previous question shall
not be called until there has been opportunity for
ample discussion; but we have been here for ten
years with this claim, and have never yet had a
heating.
Mr. RUSSELL. 1 will say to my colleague
; that this is a very worthy claim, and I hope he
! Will let it go.
! Mr. MORGAN. It may be a very worthy
claim, but I must object to it.
Mr. EUSTIS. It seems to be very evidentthat
: it is impossible for us to proceed with business.
| I have several bills upon the Calendar, but I am
| sure they will be objected to; and I therefore move
1 that the committee do now n^e.
i Mr. COLFAX. That motion has been made
and voted down a dozen times-1: and I think gen-
j tlemen ought to submit to the decision of the com-
1 mittee.
Mr. EUSTIS. I withdraw my motion,
i Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I wish to say that,
\ a few days since, 1 made objection to a joint res-
| olution in which my triend iiom Nuw York [Mr.
Kelly] is interest* d; and I desire now to with-
■ diaw that objection.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I trust we
shall go on with the le^iiar order.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 understand that the friends
of this bill are willing that, it it is brought into
the House, U shall be put in such a position that
it shall £o over to the next session, when it can
be discussed; and I have no objection to that.
Mr. STANTON. Let it be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it be post-
poned until some day certain next session.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I object to going back.
FERDINAND COXE.
A bill (C. C. No. 84) for the relief of Ferdi-
nand Coxe.
Mr. LEITER. I object to that bill.
Mr. COLFAX. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his objection. This claim is recom-
mended by the Secretary of State and by the
Court of Claims.
Mr. LEITER. It is no better off than thereat
of them. Cases which committees have unani-
mously recommended have been objected to.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to say that when I
made the objection to bill No. 367,1 stated that I
objected to going back. That was the objection
I made. If the point before the Chair did not in-
volve that question my objection did not apply.
Mr. MORRILL, i desire to make a proposi-
tion to the committee to which I think they will
agree. I propose that the committee shall rise
in order that I may offer the following resolution
in the House:
Resolved, That when the Home shall again have resolved
itself into a Committee of the Whole Ilou^e on the Private
Calendar, it s-hall be in order only to take up the Senate
bills in their order, and tho^e not objected to shall be re-
pound to flu: liou-e, wuli the leuommemlation that they
do pav-. and that upon all «sueh as shall give to discus-
sion, debate shall be allowed and limited to five minutes
for and five minutes again&t each bill, when the vote shall
he taken.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object to
that.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to the
pending hill ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to it, and
I desire to make a proposition to the committee.
I propose that all these bills, between this point
and the end of the Calendar, be objected to in
lump, and that we begin again at the top of the
Calendar. I tell gentlemen that that will obviate
a good deal of this difficulty.
Mr. GROW. The first part of the Calendar
has been called over three times, and there are a
large number of bills that have never been called
at all.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to sub-
mit a proposition to the committee.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object,
and 1 will state the reason. 1 do so because the
very next case is a case, which, at a former meet-
ing of the committee, was objected to. It is a
bill for the relief of Peter Parker, who was acting
charge in China, during the absence of the min-
ister, and this money is due to lum. It is recom-
mended by the Court of Claims, recommended by
the State Department, and recommended by the
committee. When that bill is passed I shall be
willing to do almost everything.
Mr. EUSTIS. It is perfectly evident that
neither that bill, nor any other, will be passed to-
day.
Mr. MORGAN. I believe the objection was
withdrawn to bill No. 84.
Mr. SMITH, of Vngtnia. 1 renewed it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I hope the gen-
tleman from Virginia, will allow it to go to the
House and a vote to be taken upon it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. No, sir; I have
made a suggestion that would save time and dif-
ficulty, but it is objected to.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
PETER PARKER.
A bill (C. C. No. 85) for the relief of Peter
Packer.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to that bill.
Mr. EUSTIS. I move that thecommittee rise.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for tellers on the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
, and Florence were appointed.
' The committee divided; and the tellers reported
! —ayes 63, noes 53.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Ready)
reported that the Committee of the Whole House
had, according to order, had the Private Calendar
under consideration, and had directed him to re-
port sundry bills to the House, with the recom-
mendation that they do pass, and one bill with the
recommendation that it do not pass.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. DicKiN ,thcirSecretary, informing the House
