1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1687
of the contractor, the article or thing eontiacted for, the
place where the article was> to be delivered, or the thing
performed, the sum to be paid for its performance on de-
livery, the date and duration of the contract."
Mr. PEARCE. I was very well aware that
there was such a law as that, requiring all con-
tracts to be reported to Congress; and mixed up
with the general mass of all contracts, our atten-
tion is not likely to be drawn to these special con-
tracts, made under authority of the act of May,
1820. I thought, therefore, we should have the
matter brought more immediately to our observa-
tion, arid have a more direct responsibility en-
forced, if there were special provisions requiring
a special report of contracts made in virtue of that
authority, to be submitted to us at the next ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know whether
the provisions of this fifth section of the act of
1808 have been followed or not. 1 am not aware
of any such document annually communicated to
Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. It is communicated annually
I think. For the last two or three years it has
not been printed, but it is annually communicated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know there has been a
very great call during the present session of Con-
gress for contracts made by the War Department,
and it has been somewhatdifficult to obtain them;
but if this provision of law had been complied
with, those contracts certainly would have been
laid before us—all that were made in the recess of
Congress at the commencement of the Congress;
and we should have had them before us.
Mr. PEARCE. You could not discriminate,
if they were.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We might very easily
discriminate, by looking over the report. If you
appended a provision of this description to every
appropriation bill, it might make the duty more
specific, and call it to the attention of the officers.
I am very much inclined to think that the duty
under this law has been wholly neghected.
Mr. President, so much has been said in rela-
tion to contracts made by the War Department,
that I have had occasion to inquire a little where
the authority originated, and how it has been ex-
ercised; and I have come to the conclusion, from
my examination, coupled with what gentlemen
have said as to the practice, that it must have been
before the act of 18*20 a common practice under
the lawsorgamzmg the Departments for the heads
of the different Departments to make contracts in
advance of appropriations whenever necessity re-
quired it. The law, in the different acts organ-
izing the Departments, specifically gives to the
heads of those Depai tments the power to make
contracts. It does not say expressly whether they
shall make the contracts when they have the money
to found them upon, or in pursuance of specific
objects prescribed; but says simply, m general
terms, that they may make contracts with refer-
ence to the affairs of their Departments. I pre-
sume, therefore, as that power had existed ever
since the formation of the Departments, that up to
the year 1820 there had beenasome what indiscrim-
inate exercise of the power, and that the effect of
the law of 1820, and the intention of that law, were
to limit that power; and it had an effect to limit
that power in all except these specified instances,
because the provision there is precisely the same
in its terms with the language of the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire, which, I
suppose, he took from the provision of tlm law
of 1820; and then follows the exception which he
now attempts to strike off. For reasons which
were satisfactory to the Congress at that time, I
suppose, Congress came to the conclusion to take
away the power from the heads of Departments to
make contracts except in'the specified exceptional
instances named m the law of 1820, referring to
the quartermaster's department and certain other
matters connected with the War and Navy De-
partments.
A few days ago the Senate, on my suggestion,
called upon the Secretary of War for an enumer-
ation of the contracts made by him during this
session without previous notice being given. In
reply to that, Ave find a report in which he tells us
thatsince Congress has been ir session there have
been some six or eight very important contracts
for transportation, and for the purchase of horses
and stores, and for one thing and another for the
Army, made without previous notice, without
calling for bids or anything of that description. It j
may not be known generally—I have not seen it1
adverted to anywhere, but the truth of the matter
is—that that power to make contracts without
previous noticc in that way, has been exercised
entirely against law, and exercised under the al-
leged authority of this provision of the act of 1820,
which does not give it. The act reorganizing
several of the Departments in 1809—the year suc-
ceeding the passage of the act from which I before
read—contains this provision:
" Sec. 5. That all purchases and contracts tor puppliesor
services which are or may acrordmg to law be made, by or
under the direction of either the Secretary of the Treasury,
the Secretary of War, oi the Secretary of the Navy, shall
be made either by open purchase or by'previously advertis-
ing for proposals iexpecting the same."
Then it goes on:
" And an annual statement of all such contracts and pur-
chase, and also of the expenditure of the moneys appropri-
ated for the contingent expenses of the military establish-
ment, tor the contingent expense;- of the Navy of the United
States-, and for the discharge of miscellaneous claims not
otherwise provided lor and paid out of the Trea?ury, shall
be laid befoie Congress at the beginning of each year by the
Secretary of the proper Depai tment."
There is a specific provision that in all cases,
I except where the Department goes into the mar-
ket and buys with money, all contracts made by
the Departments must be on previous notice
given. Well, sir, the provision of the law of
j 1820 does not change that at all, as will be ob-
served on reading it. It reads as follows:
" Seo. 6. That no contract shall hereafter he made by the
Secretary of State or of the Tiea-uty, or of the Depai tment
of War or of the N.ivj, except undei a law authoi iztn^ the
same, or under an appropnation adequate to its fulfillment;
and excepting. aHo, contracts for the subsistence and cloth-
ing of the Navy or Army, and contract? by rhe quartermas-
ter'? department, which may be made by the Secretaries of
those Depaitments/5
You will observe, sir, that although the last
clause of that section allows the Secretaries of
War and of the Navy, in certain excepted cases,
to make contracts without an appropriation, yet
the law of 1809 still remains in existence, and
that law provides that if they make them, they
must make them after previous notice. Well,
now, sir, the Secietury uf War, in half a dozen
instances since this Congress has been in session,
as proved by the papers on your table, has as-
sumed to make contracts for provisions of cloth-
ing, for transportation, for horses, and for different
things, which are enumerated m his communica-
tion, without any previous notice whatever. He
has taken the exercise of that authority upon him-
self. When this exception was made, in the act
of 1820, and Congress undertook to say that no
contract should be made except in pursuance of
appropriation, unless in certain specified cases,
the idea was that those specified cases should be
protected by the positive law of 1809, which pro-
vided that notice should be given and fair bids
received. But the Secretary of War, in repeated
instances, even since this session of Congress com-
menced, has, according to his own showing, made
contracts to enormous amounts, without any sort
of previous notice to anybody, and without afford-
ing any chance for competition. 1 presume there
can be no dispute about that.
That is the state of the case with regard to the
contracts. I have stated this because u seems to
be connected with the proposition made by the
Senator from New Hampshire to take away en-
tirely this power of making contracts. Whether
it is expedient to remove it entirely or not, 1 am
notexactiy convinccd. I think there is very much
in the suggestions that have been made by the
chairman of the Finance Committee on this sub-
ject, that with our very extended territory and in
'the situation in which we now find ourselves fre-
quently during the recess of Congress, probably
there may be cases where it is impossible to wait
for an appropriation when new emergencies arise.
Senators, however, have suggested that that
should be confined to a casse of war. Well, now, i
the trouble is. as suggested by the chairman of the
Finance Committee, that we are always liable to .
sudden wars—not with foreign Powers, but we ;
are eternally liable to difficulties with Indians, !
difficulties upon the frontiers. All appears to be :
very fair and smooth to-day, and to-morrow, by !
somebody's fault, whether the fault of the Indians
or the fault of the whites, we are plunged into dif- |
ficulties with the Indians, and compelled to re- i
move troops and to purchase supplies, to acquire j
what we had not before. The question then arises '
as has been stated, whether Congress shall br*
called together to meet that emergency, taking all
the time that it does to call Congress together and
legislate, or whether the power to purchase the
necessary articles for the time, those that are ab-
solutely essential at the moment, shall be lodged
where it is now, in the quartermaster's department,
but at the same time requiring, in order to protect
it and see that everything is fairly done, that it
shall be done in such a way as not to give power
to the Department to exercise favoritism, or to put
money into the hands of people more than ought
to be placed there for the purpose which is sought
to be accomplished.
However that may be, there is certainly one
thing which might be done. It is very certain,
as suggested by the Senator from Rhode Island,
that when Congress is in session there is not the
slightest excuse for the Secretary making these
heavy contracts without consulting Congress.
Instead of undertaking to make contracts in ad-
vance of appropriations, and contracts to the
amount of millions when he can come to those
who are, by the Constitution, entitled to exercise
the power of appropriating money for specific pur-
poses, for the support of the Army, it is his duty
to come there, and the duty of the President-to
come there, and not assume (under an exception
in the law which is intended to meet an emer-
gency when Congress is not in session) to make
these enormous contracts, and thus to carry out
objects that lie may choose to think ought to be
accomplished, without consulting Congress, who
are not only the power to appropriate money but
the war-making power in addition. Yet, sir, in
this particular instance this is what the Admin-
istration has done, there is no question about it.
Not only has it assumed to make contracts con-
trary to the express provisions of the law upon
that subject, and contracts to enormous amounts;
but it has assumed to make those contracts at the
very time Congress was m session here at the
Capitol, when all the Administration had to do
was to go to that branch of the Government in-
vested by the Constitution with the power to
appropriate money, and with the power to declare
war.
No one can hesitate to say that here is an enor-
mous abuse and an enormous assumption. It is
on the part of the executive Government taking
into its own hands two of the most important,
mostnecessary, most essential safeguards thrown
around our system of government. One is, that
the money of the Government shall not be used
except by the consent of Congress; and this safe-
guard is got rid of by the Executive making the
appropriations, not directly, but indirectly, as the
Senator from New Hampshire states. Next, they
appropriate money thus obtained, to be expended
by contracts for the materials which they wish to
procure by money, in order to carry out a pur-
pose which Congress, being in session, might not
approve, and upon which they should be called
upon to decide and judge.
It was with reference to that particular view of
the subject that I called for this information; and
the response to the call will showany Senator, on
the very face of the paper that is printed and laid
on our tables this morning, an admission by the
Secretary of War that that has been done m nu-
merous instances, and to large amounts. We did
not call for a still more important contract, which
I should like to see; but I believe it is mentioned
in a document in the possession of the chairman
of the Finance Committee; and that is th^con-
tractfortransportation,which I thmkis theWr«est
and most important of all. 1 believe that contract
was also entered into without notice, with Majors
& Russell. It is referred to in the documentgiving
a list of conti acts, which I believe came from the
other House. That contract covers the enormous
transportation of materials to Utah—I think for
twenty months ahead, giving the prices. I do not
know whether those prices are too high or too
low, or anything about it; but tho aggregate
amount is enormous; and you find this proved by
the amount called for in this bill to be appropri-
ated, between five and six million dollars, for the
transportation of the Army and of supplies alone;
and yet that contract, unless I am very much mis-
taken—and if I am mistaken the document will
show it—has been entered into since this Con-
gress has been in session, for the transportation
of troops and supplies to Utah, without any pre-
