mu
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several read-
ings, and was passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table. •
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHRISTIAN INDIANS.
Mr. LEITER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that Senate bill (No. 323) to con-
firm the sale of the reservation held by the Chris-
tian Indians, and to provide a permanent home
for said Indians, be taken from the Speaker's
table, and put upon its passage. It was unani-
mously reported by the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs in the Senate, and has the unanimous ap-
proval of the committee of this House.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman has been object-
ing to-day to meritorious cases; but as it is not
my habit to object to bills without good and suf-
ficient reason, 1 will not object to this one.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several read-
ings, and was passed.
Mr. LEITER moved to reconsider the vote by
■which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OP GUSTAVUS B. HORNER.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 ask theunanimous
consent of the House to discharge the Commit-
tee of the Whole House from the further consid-
eration of House bill (No. 325) for the relief of
the legal representatives of Gustavus B. Horner,
deceased.
Mr.-GROW. The gentleman from Virginia
has been objecting all day to bills in committee.
I believe his troubles all originated from his ob-
jecting to a bill for the relief of an old soldier, one
"hundred and three years old. I have no objection
to this bill; but, at the same time, I hope we shall
do justice in the other case, and discharge the
committee from the case which the gentleman from
New York [Vlr. Parker] wished to have passed
for the benefit of the old soldier.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection, if the
gentleman from Virginia will withdraw his objec-
tions to all the meritorious claims which he has
objected to in committee to-day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
bill
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to suspend
the rules.
The House divided: and theic were—ayes 87,
noes 35.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor )
The bill and report were read. The bill pro-
vides that the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury he required to settle the account of Gus-
tavus B. Horner, deceased, as a surgeon's mate
of the general hospital of the Army of the United
States during the revolutionary war, and to allow
his legal representatives compensation equal to
half pay for life of a captain of infantry in the ser-
vice of the United States on continental establish-
ment, from the close of the war to the time of the
death of said Gustavus B. Horner, without inter-
est; to be paid lo the legal representatives of Gus-
tavus B. Horner.
The report states that the petitioners are the
legal representatives of Dr. Gustavus B. Horner,
and they claim commutation of five years' full
pay, or half pay for life, as justly due to them for
his services as surgeon's mate; and they rest their
claim on the promise made by Congress on the
21st of October, 1780, the 17th of Januai y, 1781,
and by the act of March, 1783. 11 is clearly-proved
that Dr. Horner was a surgeon's mate of the gen-
eral hospital of the middle district, by commission
from the Continental Congress, dated in 1778; that
he was id actual service for about four yeai s, and
until the autumn of 1782, and after the French
forces had returned to the North from the surren-
der of the enemy at Yotk, in Virginia. It is prob-
able that, he was not again engaged in active ser-
vice during the lew remaining months of the war
which elapsed after that period; but it appears,
from the evidence filed with the petition, that he
(lid not, after the aforementioned actual service,
resign his commission, butonly retired as a super-
numerary, ready for service whenever he should I
be required; for, in addition to the other parol I
evidence, it appears that he held his commission j
till the end of the war; and the commission itself, j
left by him among his papers, is now produced j
by the petitioners. And as evidence of the view j
in which the Legislature of Maryland, of which
State he was a citizen, and in whose line he served, !
regarded his services, they also file a copy of a i
resolution of the General Assembly of that State, !
allowing to his widow a pension for her life equal j
to the half pay of a surgeon's mate, in consider- ;
ation of the revolutionary services of her husband ;
in the line of that State. The only question which ;
has arisen to obstruct this claim is, that in the i
resolution of Congress, in 1781, providing for the '
medicaland hospital department, surgeons' mates,
to nomine, are omitted, while physicians, sur- ;
geons, apothecaries, purveyors, and other inferior
and subordinate classes, all belonging to the hos-
pital department, are mentioned and provided for.
The committee believe that the omission of sur-
geons' mates, a class commissioned by Congress
as useful and indispensable to the service, was
cither accidental, (a casns omissus,) or was intend-
ed and regarded as embraced in the generic term,
surgeons, before mentioned, by the resolution of
Congress, in the list of officers of the hospital.
In either of these constructions, surgeons' mates
may be considered as within the law; but if not
embraced in the law, they certainly are within the
equity of the provision intended by the Congress
of the Confederation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I merely wish to
make a single remark why I object to this bill.
In the first place, surgeons' mates were not enti-
tled to half pay; and in the next place, if he is
to come under the resolutions of 1781, 1782, and
1783, he did not serve in the manner required by
those resolutions.
Mr. MORGAN. I wish to state, in a single
word, why 1 shall vote against this bill. The
gentleman from Ylr^,n'a has voted here to-day
to slaughter twenty-fhc good and honest claims,
and I will not vote to pass his.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 hope we shall pass this bill,
and then go back into committee, and we may be
able to transact some business.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 hope we shall defeat this
bill, and then go back into committee.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
know whether I understand this bill or not. Is
it merely to give half pay? It seems to me there
is a proposition to settle something.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is merely to set-
tle what is due the claimant under the icsolution
of 1780.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. At what time did
Dr. Horner die >
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not know.
Gentlemen arc mistaken m supposing that this is
a large claim. It is not a large claim.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Peyton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported —
ayes 70, noes 50.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 70, nays 54; as follows:
YEMessrs. Abbott. Andrews Bingham. Blair, Bliss,
Bianch, Brayton, Bmhngatue, Chaffee, Clemens, Cobb,
Coekenll, Collux, Cumins, James Uinig, Curry, Cuitis,
D.ivi" ot .Ma.i viand, Davis of Indiana. Dean, Dodd, Dm lee,
EiMt*, Fainsworth, Teuton, Folev, Fo-tei, Gamett.Good-
win, Giow, Hill, lioiton, Houston, flowatd, Geo*ge W.
•Tones, Owen Jon™, Kngoie, ICnapp, John C. Kunkol,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel t?. MaiMiali, Mason, Mav-
nardj Million, Morgan, Moiull. Muiiay, Palmer, Phillip-;,
Potter, Putviaucc. llobbnw, llohuiw, It owe, Scales, A,u on
Shaw, Ilemy M Shaw, lohn Shci man, Shorter, Stall worth,
William Sieuait, Talbot. Tompkins Underwood Wade,
Walbndge, Waldron, Elhhu B. Wa&hbume, and Wilson—
70.
iVA YF—Messrs. Aid, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Bowie. Boycc, Biidmton, Bmnett. Cafkie, Cavanauuh,
John B Clark, dawson. John Coolnane, Crajrin, Davidson,
jJnvi-s of Mi-^uNippi, Dawes Dowdoil, Elliott^ Flo.enoe,
Garnell, Gooeh, Granger, Giesi. Hopkins, Huyler, Jack-
son, J. Glancv Jone>, Kellogir, Leitei. Letcher. Lovejoy,
Mattesron, Niblack, Nichols, Paiker. William VV. Phelps,
Q,uitman3 fteiiiy, Rnffin, Russell, Sandidge, Judson W.
Sherman, Singleton, William Smith, Spinner, James A.
Stewart, George Taylor, "Vyalton, Israel Washburn, White-
ley, Woodson, and Woitendyke—54.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was laid pn the
table, and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Dickins, their Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the following
titles, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act (No. 54) to revive and extend an act en-
titled " An act for the relief of the representatives
of John Donelson, Stephen Heard, and others,"
approved May 24,1845, and the several acts ex-
tending, continuing;, and reviving the same;
An act (No. 327) to affirm certain entries of
land in the State of Louisiana;
An act (No. 414) to reimburse the corporation
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia, a
sum of money advanced towards the construction
of the Little Fails bridge;
An act (No. 421) to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to issue a land warrant to Benjamin
Ward;
An act (No. 426) to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to issue a land warrant to Russfell
Fitch, of Ohio;
An act (No. 427) for the relief of Thomas W.
Ward, late United States consul at Panama; ,
An act (No. 428) for the relief of James Myer;
and
An act (No. 429) for the relief of James T. "V.
Thompson.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of thia
House of the following titles:
An act (No. 238) for the relief of the heirs of
Richard Tarvm;
An act (No. 267) for the relief of Timothy
O'KeefTee;
An act (No. 269) for the relief of David Bruce;
An act (No. 321) for the relief of John B. Ro-
per;
An act (No. 452) for the relief of Dr. Thomas
Anns ell;
An act (No. 466) for the relief of Cornelius H.
Latham;
An act (No. 480) for the relief of Dr. Ferdi-
nand O. Miller;
An act (No. 528) for the relief of Judith Nott;
An act (No. 569) for the relief of Gardner &
Vincent, and others; and
An act (No. 573) for the reliefof Thomas Ha-
sam and B. S. Brewster.
Also, that the Senate had passed a.bill of this
House (No. 366) for the relief of John Duncan,
with an amendment, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senatehad indefinitely postponed
bills of the House of the following titles:
An act (No. 586) for the relief of the adminis-
trator of Horatio Boultbee, deceased ;
An act (No. 511) for the relief of Nchemiah S.
Draperand William Holden,heirs-at-lawof Mary
Draper, deceased; and
An act (No. 232) for the relief of Ebenezer
Hitchcock.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined, and found truly enrolled, hills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speakersigned the same:
An act (H. R. No. 219) for the relief of Wil-
liam Heine, artist in the Japan expedition; and
An act (H. R. No. 456) granting an invalid
pension to Brevet Major John Jones, of Tennes-
see.
JOHN SAWYER.
Mr. PARKER. I ask unanimous consent that
the Committee of the Wholo House be discharged
from the further consideration of House bill No.
ul9, for the relief of John Sawyer.
There being no objection, the committee was
discharged, and the bill taken up for consideration.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask for the reading of the
report.
Mr. PARKER. The report is at the printer's.
I will state the points of the case, if gentlemen
desire it. This bill is for an old soldier. He is
