1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1691
another year, or for an object for which it was not
appropriated. You may keep it on for two years,
and expend it for that purpose, until the money
is all gone and the purpose accomplished.
Mr. HUNTER. As the law now stands, you
cannot transfer an appropriation in the War De-
partment for more than one year, or to an object
different from that for which it was made. But
the point to which I call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Maine is this: that, under the exist-
ing law, an appiopriation—say for the quarter-
master's department—is applicable to claims upon
that department until it is more than two years
old. There is a great convenience in that, and I
do not see any harm that can arise from it. The
Senator, on the other hand, proposes to say it
shall be applied to nothing but to the service and
the particular object to which it was appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a matter of de-
tail, and that 1 grant; that is to say, so long as
the right of transfer exists, you may go on for
two years expending the money in that depart-
ment. That is precisely what ought not to be
done, in my judgment, and precisely what! want
to prevent. The Senator says here is an incon-
venience; that you have more money appropriated
for one particular branch of expenditure than you
have for another, and you may transfer, there-
fore, the balances one way or another to suit your-
self; and not only that, but from one year to an-
other.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator does not wish
to be in error?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not believe I am.
Mr. HUNTER. Here is the law:
" Appropriations made for a specific object in one fiscal
year >hall nor he transferied to another object after the ex-
piration of that year."
The power to transfer does not exist after the
year is over now, under the existing, law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I read that when I drew
this amendment; and I wanted to make the pro-
vision specific here, and notonly make it specific,
but go a little further, and say that it shall not be
changed from one head to another within the year.
What is the fact in reference to this matter? In
the first place, we make departments, offices, and
bureaus for every kind of subdivision almost that
can be made of the duties of a Department, and we
require estimates from them. Why should not
they be exact enough in making their estimates to
enable us to accomplish the purpose ? I do not
wish to change the responsibility from one to an-
other, and I do not want to give the Department
power to getappropriations under one head which
may be more than are necessary, and thus get the
powerofexpending the money underanothcrhead
to which we should not be willing they should ap-
ply the money That is the trouble, and that is
the difficulty 1 want to meet.
All that ihe Senator from Virginia objects to
that, and the only ground of his objection to the
remaining clause of this amendment is, that some
inconveniences may arise. It is possible that in
some cases they may; but the question is, is not
the object an important one ? I have specified one
particular instance in which money has been ap-
propriated, as the Senator will now admit, con-
trary to law—I allude to the cases of the money
that was taken from the appropriation of one year
for the Legislature of Kansas, and appropriated to
another object, and that was to pay another Le-
gislature in another year, directly in the teeth of
the provision of the law which he has now read.
That was done by the present Secretary of the
Treasury. We have this present Secretary of the
Treasury disregarding the law in reference to the
transfer of appropriations, and the Secretary of
War disregarding the law in regard to making
contracts without notice.
Mr. HUNTER. That is not a transfer of ap-
propriation. It was an appropriation for the ex-
penses of the Legislature. It is not a transfer.
That was a continuing and existing subject of
appropriation.
Air. FESSENDEN. That is true; butitisnot
the same appropriation. An appropriation is
made to pay the Legislature of one year, and no
appropriation is made to pay the Legislature of
another year? Are not those different things?
Does the Senator say that that is precisely the
same put pose, the same object? It is of the same
nature, the same character; but it is not the same
thins:.
Mr. HUNTER. We make appropriations for
the expenses of the two Houses of Congress, and
if there is a balance over, we expend it in the next
fiscal year. Surely we do. it has been consid-
ered a subsisting, continuing appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN, That cannot be.
Mr. HUNTER. It is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a very different ob-
ject, and so understood. The Senator perfectly
well knows that Congress refused an appropria-
tion for one of those years. Did Congress under*-
stand it to be the same thing? Certainly not; and
it is not the same thing. The two are of the same
nature, the same charactcr; but different in point
of fact, and therefore 1 say there was an utter
disregard and violation of the law in reference to
this particular matter.
However, that does not belong to this bill. I
was explaining the amendment I have proposed.
I grant that there may be some trifling inconve-
nience; but the question is, in putting money into
the hands of officers of the Departments to ex-
pend, are we to consider only the inconveniences
they may be subjected to, if those inconveniences
are trifling in their nature, and not likely to arise?
Is it to be supposed that our Departments and bu-
reaus cannot come within gun-shot of a correct
estimate of the money they want for a particular
purpose, and that therefore we must leave this
power in their hands? It should rather be sup-
posed they would make their estimates correctly.
There is another point that I deem to be of very
great importance; and I am perfectly willing,
when I come to speak on this bill at large, to ex-
plain at length the reason why. In regard to this
matter of contracts, the Senator says it is impos-
sible to give notice. Sir, does not the law require
notice ? Does thp Senator contend that the pro-
vision of the law of 1820 repeals the provision of
the law of 1809 ?
Mr. HUNTER. I say that seems to have been
the construction of one of our Departments ever
since that period.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I know nothing
about. If they have been going along in the very
face of the law, when the language is explicit and
clear that they shall not enter into a contract un-
less on previous notice, at all, under any circum-
stances, is it a sufficient answer to me, when I
call attention to that, to say, that is the construc-
tion of the Department, and they have always
violated the law? Is that the ground on which
the Departments are to be excused for setting at
utter disregard those provisions of law which are
thrown as safeguards around the Treasury? Why,
sir, this is a very singular doctrine; and I am sur-
prised to hear it from the honorable Senator, con-
servative as he is, and careful as he is to guard the
Treasury. Here is a provision existing in the
very law organizing these Departments, which
says most distinctly that in no case shall a con-
tract be entered into except on previous notice. I
show you that these officers have been making
these contracts over and over agyin, to immense
amounts, without previous notice; and when I call
attention to that subject, and wish to throw an
additional safeguard around them as far as I can
consistently with thu public service, the Senator
says they have always disregarded the law, and
it would be very inconvenient if you subjected
them to that restriction ! Sir, if it is not a neces-
sary restriction, repeal the law; but it exists, it
has not been repealed, and these repeated viola-
tions of it only show the necessity of enforcing it.
Well, sir, how far do I go? Not to say that
they shall in no case make any contract, but sim-
ply to say that while Congress is in session they
shall make none of these contracts, unless they
have the money on hand, or unless jhere is a
specific appropriation which will justify it. I say
they shall not undertake to run the country into
debt while Congress, which alone ought to have
the power to create a debt, is m session.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 will ask the Senator a
question, if he will permit me, on this point, and
take it in reference to these very contracts. Leave
out our Utah war, and suppose it an Indian war;
news reaches the Department here that there is
an outbreak committed on the frontier; there are
troops in St. Louis; the Department telegraphs
to the officer at St. Louis instantly to convey the
troops at St. Louis by railroad, as far as the rail-
road runs, and then to march them to the point
of difficulty: will you have him to wait, apply to
Congress for authority to make a contract, or
else advertise a contract which nobody can fill
but the railroad company ? There is a case of an
emergency for an immediate movement of the
troops. Surely, under these circumstances, we
could not blame a public officer for making a con-
tract of that kind; and if he believed the emer-
gency for the transportation of the troops was
just such as I have explained, what could he do ?
Come here and ask us to give him authority to
contract with the Pacific Railroad Company of
Missouri to take his troops ? Nobody else could
contract for that service. Put in an advertise-
ment? There was nobody to bid. It is a case
of what the civilians called vis major. He could
not help himself—he would be obliged to do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The case is very plausibly
put by the honorable Senator from Louisiana, and
I do not say that I would not justify the officer
for yielding to so pressing a necessity at the time,
and even going beyond, and not stopping to re-
quire an authority which he could not get in sea-
son. I am not speaking of this particular con-
tract. It might have been that the necessity ex-
isted here; but we do not accomplish anything by
putting extreme cases. The question is a ques-
tion important on principle. It is this: whether,
while Congress, which is the great power vested
by the Constitution with the authority to raise
money, is in session, the head of a Department
shall have the power (because it is a matter of
power) at his discretion to enter into contracts
for an expenditure of money that has not been
appropriated? That is the question. What is
the answer? The answer is, why there maybe
an extreme urgent case where he would fail to
accomplish what needs to be accomplished if he
did not do it without waiting for Congress. Is
there any doubt that in such a case he would be
justified in moving, even without authority ?
But tins case is put as an excuse for giving him
unlimited authority, and not controlling him at
all. Thatis what I am contending against. There
might be such a case as the honorable Senator
from Louisiana puts; and what should the Secre-
tary of War do if he could not have time to come
to Congress, if the thing must be done just as
quick as the telegraph would enable him to ac-
complish it? Doit. I would do it myself under
such circumstances, and then I would state to Con-
gress what I had done, and call on them to justify
me. If they did not, I would resign my office.
But it is a very different question when you come
to ask, shall we put this power into the hands of
every head of a Department of this Government
to make contracts at his discretion when Congress
is in session to appropriate money, to run the
country into debt simply because a case may
arise when he should act without authority ? Cer-
tainly not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Thegentleman will permit
me to say a word. I will go with him to the full-
est extent. I merely suggested, with reference to
these particular appropriations, that I understand
all that is claimed is, that this discretion shall re-
main vested in the Secretary of War alone, and
that only as regards transportation and supplies.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not that all Secretaries
should have the power at all times to make con-
tracts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Theprovision I am sppak-
ingof applies to this particular bill. Itissimply
this: that while Congress is in session, the head
of a Department shall not have power to make
contracts; and that when Congress is not in ses-
sion he shall make them on notice. That is my
proposition. The Senator talks about notice by
sixty days' advertisement in the Washington
papers. That is the suggestion of the Senator
from Texas, and I am opposed to it, because you
must leave the time of notice and the place where
to give notice in the hands of the Secretary of
War at his discretion. I am not saying that it
is absolutely necessary to be concluded that every
officer of the Government will cheat if he can. I
go on a different principle, and I would leave that
point to his discretion; but I want to carry out
what the laws have provided for heretofore, and
lay down a general principle. There may be a
case where it would be necessary to violate it; and
what Government would ever hesitate to sustain
an officer who honestly did it under such circum-
stances? But that is a different question from
