1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
one hundred and three years of age, and poor.
Under the general law, his term of service will
not entitle him toa pension; butunderall the cir-
cumstances of the case, the committee believe that
he deserves a pension from his country. He was
at the taking of Burgoyne. I hope that there will
be no objection to the passage of the bill.
Tiie bil! directs the Secretary of the Interior to
enter the name^f John Sawyer, of Garland, Pe-
nobscot county, Maine, on the roll of revolution-
ary pensioners, and pay him a pension at the rate
of twenty-four dollars a year, during his natural
life, commencing on the 4th of March, 1831.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded the
previous question.
Mr. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I hope thatno
one will object to granting a pension to a soldier
who, at the age of a hundred, u still lives," and
who assisted in the capture of Burgoyne.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third*time, and passed.
Mr. VV ASHBURN, of Maine, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed-, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
upon the table.
Thq, latter motion was agreed to.
LAND OFFICE AT VINCENNES.
Mr. INI BLACK. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report, from the Committee on
Public Lands, House bill (No. 302) to continue
the office of register of the land office at Vin-
cennes,Indiana.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. That office has been
continued several times already, and I object.
Mr. COBB. 1 think that there ought not to
have been any objection to the gentleman's prop-
osition. It is the first thing he has asked this ses-
sion. I move that the rules be suspended lor the
purpose lie has indicated.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. NI BLACK then reported the bill back from
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr K1LGORE. Have not the books and pa-
pers of that office been transfened to Indianap-
olis ?
Mr. N1BLACK. They were some years ago,
and then brought back.
Mr. KILGORE. I am not properly advised
in regard to this matter. I know that a number
of land offices in Indiana have been oidered to be
closed.
Mr. N1CLACK. They were closed, but re-
opened by special act. This bill is desired in
reference to the settlement of old donation claims.
Mr. K1 LGOR.E. I understand that the papers
of the office have been transferred to the seat of
government, and facilities for getting there are
very gvpat m that State. I will do as much as
any gendeman to accommodate my colleague; but
I hope that he will excuse me in objecting to the
propriety of reopening the land office at Vm-
cennes. There were land offices m the northern
part of the State more remote than this, and there
is no application for reopening thein.
Mr. COBB. 1 referred the question to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and he wrote a letter here
recommending the passage of this bill. The gen-
tleman from Indiana withdrew the letter and took
it to the Senate, or I would ask to have it read.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. How much land is there for
gale at that place?
Mr. NIBLACK. Two thousand acres. It is,
however, desired more for the settlement of old
donation claims.
Mi HOUSTON". Mr. Speaker, I understand
that this bill is important to adjust and settle old
claims. There is but $500 of expense, and it
seems to me that the bill ought fo pass.
Mr. LETCHER. J think it would be better
to give up the two thousand acres rather than re-
open the land office there.
Mr HOUSTON. The disposal of the two
thousand acres is only a small part of the neces-
sity for this bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. COBB demanded the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HENRY MILLER.
Mr. ELLIOTT. 1 move to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole House from the further con-
sideration of a bill (H. R. No. 363) granting an
invalid pension to Henry Miller.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the yeas and
nays are taken on its passage, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
such an arrangement.
Mr. E'LLIOTT. 1 move to suspend the rules.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask whether this bill
grants a pension fiom 1817 up to this time?
Mi. ELLIOTT. No, sir. It ^ives a pension
from 1817, the time this man's limb was ampu-
tated, up to 1850, when he was placed on the in-
valid pension list.
Mr! CLEMENS called for tellers on the sus-
pension of the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clemens
and Waldron were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 90, noes 31.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
The committee was then discharged from the
further consideration of the bill.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
inscribe the name of Henry Miller, of Kentucky,
on the invalid pension loll of the State, and pay
him at the rate of ei ht dollars per month from
the 28th of August, 1617, the pension to continue
during his natural life; w hat eve i amount of money
he may have received under the general pension
law to be deducted from the amount to which he
will be entitled by this bill.
! It appears from the report that said Henry Mil-
j ler enlistt d as a private soldier in the company of
. Captain Anderson, in the regiment commanded by
1 Colonel Games, Tennessee militia, in the month
i of Deceiubei, 1812; that he continued in service
j until the month of February, 1814, when he got
| Ins foot and ankle badly mashed whilst he was
I building a breastwork: that, subsequently, in the
; month of August, 1&17, his leg was amputated.
: He has been allowed a pension by the Secretary
' of the interior, said pension to commence in the
year 1850. The committee are of the opinion that
the pension allowed should have commenced at
the time of the amputation of his leg, in August,
1817.
Mr. ELLIOTT moved the previous question
on the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it wasaccord-
| inirly read the thud time.
Mr. ELLIOTT moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question orden d.
Mi. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 3G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Alii, Anderson, Audrrw*. Ar-
nold, Bsngham. Blan, IMiss, Bowie, Brayion, Bulfinton,
Burlimiciiiie, Bums, Ca^e, Cavanau^h, Chaffep, John B.
Clai k,dawson. John (Joclnaue, Coekerill, Col tax, Coming,
i Coining Cia m, James Craig, Curtly. Davi* ol Wa«>adiu-
1 sett*, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dui.ec'. l.ciie, Edmnnd-un,
i Farnswoith, Fenton, Floionco, Fi^I'.t, Giimer, (Jr.in'jer,
| Gro<: , Grow, Hatch, Hawkins, Iloiton, llmvaid, Kt Uy,
] Kel&ey, Kilzore, Knapp, Xjciicr. Lovejoy, Humphrey Mai
i fth.iil, Ma-on, Matu^on, Maynaid, l^iwaid .h y Mmn*,
j Freeman II Moi->e, Mutt, Muuay.NichoK Palmer, I'aikei,
I Peuoii, Potter, i'umance, Ilucbie, Rol)bin>, Roboit-j,
| Itoyee, Scott, Judj-on W. Sherman, >Spi nner, Talbot, Tliay-
j er.*Tliomp«on. Tompkm-., IJiiiKm wood. Wade, Walbi itliie,
,j Walton. 15 him H VVa.-liimuie. Isiael Washburn,Wlmeley,
j' VViUoii, Woodson, and Woitendjke—W)
1 ft YYr5—Mcm . Atkins-, Bo\o\ Burnett. demons, Cobb,
Crawford, Curiy, Davis of Mi-M^-sippi. Dodd, Cngh-h,
Faulkner, Foley, Gaitrell. Hopkins, Hoik-ton, Jackson,
George W. Jones, Owen Jono, Letcher, Samuel S. Mar-
shah^Moigan, Nibhiek, Phillips, Quiunan, Rutfio, Russell,
Scales, Henry M. Shaw. John Sherman, Robert Smith,
Stallworth, Stanton, William Stewart, Waidron, Wins-
low, and Zollieofler—36.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ELLIOTT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARY B. DUSENBERY.
Mr. BOWIE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
a bill (H. R. No. 364) for the relief of Mary B.
Duscnbcry.
There being no objection, the Committee ofthe
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill.
The bill directs the name of Mary B. Dusen-
bery to be placed on the pension roll at the sum
of thirty dollars per month, to commence on the
3d day of December, 1855, and"fcontinue for the
term of five years.
Mr. BOWIE moved the previous question on
the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be ensrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BOWIE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISSOURI TWO PER CENT. LAND FUND.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole House from the further con-
sideration of the House bill (No. 303) giving the
assent of Congress to a law of the Missouri Le-
gislature for the application of the reserved two
per cent, land fund of said State.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called for the yeaa
navs, and for tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 37, noes 88.
The bill was read, it gives the assent of Con-
1 gress to the act of the Legislature of the State of
; Missouri, entitled "An actsuppiemental loan act
! to amend 'An act to secure the completion of
; ceitain railroads in this State, and for other pur-
| poses,5 "approved November 19, l857,appropria-
j tm£ the two per centum of the net proceeds of sales
i of public lands in that State, reserved by existing
; laws to be expended under the direction of Con-
i gress, but hereby relinquished to that State; and
authoiizes and requires the proper accounting
officers of the Government to audit and pay the
accounts for the same, as in the case of the three
per centum land fund of said State.
The report states that the claun presented by
the State of Missouri is founded on the third ar-
ticle of the compact between the United States
and the State, contained in the fifth section of the
act of 6th March, 1820, (3 Stat., page 547,) entitled
" An act to authorize the people of Missouri Ter-
ritory to form a State government," &c., which
is in these words: " That five per cent, of the net
pioceedsof the sales of the public lands lying
within said Territory or State, and which shall
be sold by Congress from and after the 1st day of-
January next, after deducting all expenses inci-
dent to the same, shall be reserved for making
public roads and canals; of which three fifths
shall be applied to those objects within the State
under the direction of the Legislature thereof, and
the other two fifths in defraying, under the direc-
tion of Congress, the expenses to be incurred m
the making of a road -or roads, canal or canals,
leading to the said State." That portion ol the
fund which it is contemplated by this article shall
be applied by the State to improving its internal
communication?, has been duly paid over by the
Government of the United States. But the two
per cent, received by the United States in trust,
to be applied to communications leading to the
State, have not been so applied; the trust has not,
therefore, been duly discharged, and the money
which the article recognizes as the property of the
State, and to be applied for its benefit, should be
accounted for to the State by the Government of
