1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WM
Mr. STANTON. I hope there will be no ob-
jection.
Mr. COBB. I object. No man has a right to
compromise my proposition without consulting
me.
Mr. PEYTON. If there ever was a fair prop-
osition made, this is one; and I hope our friends
will accept it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. This is the same prop-
osition made last evening by the gentleman from
Georgia; but it was not understood.
Mr. COBB. I will, if it is the wish of the
House, withdraw my motion to be excused.
No objection being made, the motion was with-
drawn.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi is that the vote upon the
previous question shall be taken to-night, I ob-
ject.
The SPEAKER. That is the proposition in
part.
Mr. Q/UITMAN. If there be no objection, I
ask that my proposition be the understanding of
the House.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to.
Mr. TRIPPE. It is the same proposition we
have been all this time contending for.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It has not been so
understood by the House to-day.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. We upon this
side of the House have not understood that any
such proposition has been made.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The proposi-
tion I made was not exactly this proposition. It
did not cover the seconding of the pievious ques-
tion. in substance, the main thing was to get a
vote upon the matter on Monday.
Mr. PHELPS. As objection is made, I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
ill the negative—yeas 68, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Alii, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Aveiy,
Baiksdale, Boeock, Bowie, Bo3'ce, Bryan,Ca>lue, John B.
Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cobb, Bui ton Craige, Crawford,
Davis of Mississippi, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Flor-
ence, Garuett, Gam ell, Gilhs, Goode, Gicpg, Hatch, Haw-
kins, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, lUijloi, Jackson,
J.GIancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Lamar, Letcher, Maclay,
McQueen, Ma*on, Miles,Moore, Niblack, Phelps, Phillips,
Powell, Quitman, Jieilly, Ztuffin, Scales, tfeou, Seward,
Henry M. Shaw, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Stalhvorrh,
Stephens, Stevenson, Trippe, YVarien, Wat&ms, V\7lnte,
Whiteley, Worteiuhke, and John V. Wright—08.
NAYri—Missis.. Abbott, Andicw^, Bcnnutt, Bdlmglrmst,
Bingham, Blair, Blr-.^, Brayton, Butfinton, Bnrhn<Mine,
Burroughs, Campbell, Ca<e, Chaise, Chapman, Ezia
Clark, dawson, Clai U B. Coclnane, Cockenli. ('oli'ax, Co-
ming, Covode, Cox, Curti>, Drivis of Indiana, Davit- of
Iowa, Dawes, Dean,Dewait.Diek,Dodd, Durloe, Ln li^h,
Fenton, Foley, Fo-ter, Oilman, Gooeh, G.iodwin, Grander,
Groe*beek, 01 ow, Law i e net- W. Ilall, RoIm*! 11). 11 all, II ai-
ian, Thomas L. Hairi*., Ha^kui, Htektnan, Hoaid, Iloitnn,
Ihnvard, Owen Jones, Kellog«r, Ivilgnie, Knapp, Leach,
Letter, Lovejoy, McKibbrn, Montsomeiy, Moi^an, M'unll,
Edward Jov Morrn, Isaac N. Morris, Ftcrinan II Moi-jo,
Oliver A. Morse, Mott. Niehols, Olin, Palmer, Paiker, Pen-
dleton, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Puivianee, Robbm<, Roberts,
Royce, A.nou Shaw, John Sheimnn, Judson VV. Sherman,
Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan,
Thayer, Tompkins, Wade, Walbridse, Waldron, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, ElJihu tf. Washbnme, Israel
Wa&hbuin, and Wood—97.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. PIASKIN. Will it be in order now to
renew the proposition of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi?
Mr. McQJJEEN. I object.
Mr. PHILLIPS. May [ be permitted to say
why I objected to that proposition?
Mr. HICKMAN. X objcct to any discussion.
The Clerk then proceeding with the call of the
list of absentees for excuses, called the name of
Thomas G. Davidson.
Mr RUFFIN. I move that Mr. Davidson be
excused. He has been indisposed for several
days. He has paired off with tiie gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Damrell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I think he should be excused,
but I desiie to record my vote upon it; and there-
fore I demand the yeas ajjd nays.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wixslow
and Buffinton were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes forty-one.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move [at four o'clock]
that the House adjourn.
Mr. ENGLISH demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it w?s decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS — Mepsrt.. Anderson, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdale, Bocoek, Boyee, Biyan, John B. Clark, Clay,
Clemens, Cobb, John Cochrane, Crawford, Davis of Mis
sissippi, Dowdell, Edmundson, Florence, G;u nett,Gartre)l,
Gillis, Goode, Gres^r, Hatch, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins,
Houston, Hnyler, Jackson, J. Giuncy Jones, Keitt, Lamar,
Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Mason, Aftle.s Mooie, Nib-
lack, Phelps, Phillip*, ] u(fm, Scales, Scott, Henry M.
Shaw, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, Stallvvorth, Stephens,
Stevenson, Tnppe, Warien, Watkms, Wins-low, Worten-
djke, arid John V. Wuglii—.">7.
NAYS—Messrs Abhott, Andrews, Bennett, Bdlinghurft,
Bingham, Blair, Bhs^, Brayton, Buffinton, Biirhngame,
Bui roughs. Campbell, Ca*e, Chaffee,Chapman, Ezra Claik,
dawson, Claik U. Cochrane, Cockcnll. Coliax, Com.ns,
Covode, Cox, Ciutis, Dims of Indiana, Davis oi Iowa,
Dawes, Dean, Dck, Dodd, Durfee. English, Fenton, Fo-
ley, Fo«-tei. Gilman, Gooeh, Goodwin, Gi anger. Gi oe.-beck,
Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, llohwt B. Ilall, llnilan,Thomas
L. Han is, Ilaskm, Hickman, Hoard, Horton, Howard,
Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kilsjoie, Knapp,Leach,Leuei,Love-
joy, McKibbm, Morgan, Moinll, Edward Joy Mom*, I-a.ic
N. Morns, Freeman II Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott,
Nichols, Ohn. Palmer, Paikei, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purvi-
anee, Bobbins, Roberts, R.o>ce, Aaron Shaw, John Sher-
man, Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewart,Tappan,Thayer,Tompkins, Wade.Wal-
bridge, Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, El-
lilm B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, White, Whiteley,
Wilson, and Wood—97.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon the motion of Mr.
Ruffin to excuse Mr. Davidson, upon which the
yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. WARREN". I desire to submit a motion
to cxcu.se my colleague, Mr. Greenwood, lie
was here until eleven o'clock, and soon after left
the Hall.
The SPEAKER. His name has not yet been
called.
The question was taken on the motion to ex-
cuse Mr. Davidson; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 1^22, nays G; as follows:
YRA^—Mo^r-J Anderson, Andrews, Arnold. Avery,
Baiksdale, Bennett, Bingham, IMair, Blif-s, Boeock,Boyee,
Brayton, Biyan, Bufiinton, Buihngame, Burroughs, Camp
bell, Ca*c, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, dawson, Cobb, C.
B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Cockenli, C'omins, Covode,
Cox, Curtis, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, EdmumUon, Elliott,
English, Foley, Gartrell, Giddirigs, Gilhs, Gilman. Gooch,
Goode,Granger, Giegg, Grow, Lawrence W Hall, Thomas
L. Harris, Ha^kin, Hawkins, Hill, Hoaid, Hopkins, Horton,
Howard. Huyler, Jackson. J. Clancy Jones, Ifellogg, ICnapp,
Lamar, Leach, JLeiier, T>eteher, Lovejoy, Maclay, McKib-
bm, McQueen, Mdes, Moore, Moigan, Morrill, Edward
Joy Moms. Oliver A. Morse, Moit. Niblack, Ohn, Palmer,
Parker, P< y ton, Phelps, Phillip-, Pike, Potter, Pottlo, Pow-
ell, Purvianee, Qnitnian, llobhins, Rolieit^, Uoyee, UulTm,
KuV^'ll, Scale-, Scott, Aaron Shaw, Henry M- Shaw, Jolin
frherman, Jud-on W. Shennun, Sni^Ieton, Bobert Smith,
.Samuel A, Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Thavcr,
Tompkins,'Wade, Walhudije. Waldion, Walton, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn. Ellifiu B. Wa-hburne, I-rael Washburn,
White, WtUon, Wnislow, and Wortendvke^-ioo
NAYS—Me>sis Davn of Indiana, Houston, Kilgore,
Moatgomeiy, Stephens, and Wairen— G.
So All*. Damdson was excused.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move that all
further proceedings under the call be dispensed
with.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved (at four
o'clock and forty minutes) that the House ad-
journ; and upon that motion called the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HASKIN. Will the gentlemanfromGeor-
^ia withdraw his motion, to enable me to renew
the proposition of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi?
Mr. PlIELPS. I shall objcct to that.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in tiie negative—yeas 53, nays 83; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson. Arnold, Atkms, Averv,Barks-
dale, Boeock, Bryan, John B. Clark, CI jmons Cobb, John
J i 'oeluane. Burton Ciaige, Crawiord, Dowdell, Edmundsori,
| Gartrell, Giliib, Goode, Gregg. Hatch, Hill, Hopkins, Hous-
i ton, Hu'ihc^J Glanev Jones, Kent, Lamar, Landy, Letcher,
Maclay, McCiuecn, Ma-on, Mavnard, Miles, Niblack. Pey-
ton, Phelps, Phillips, Quitman,iiuftin. Scales, Scott,Heriry
M. Shiiw. Smeleton. Samuel A Smith, Stalhvorth. Ste-
phens, Stevenson, Warren, White, Whiteley, WmsJow,
and John V. Wright—f>«l.
NAYS— Me•sms. Abbott, Andrew?, Bennett, Bilhnghur&t,
Blair, Bli^s, Biavton, Bu'tfmton, Builingamt, Bunoughs
Campbell, Ca^e, ('haflee. Chapman, Kzra Claik,Clawson,
Claik B. Cochrane. Cockenli, Colfax, Comm-, Covode,
Cok. Cuius, Davis of Jowa, Davvus, Dean. D'jwart, Dodd,
Duriee, Ensl'sh, Fenton, Foster, Giddings, Gihnan, Gooeh,
Goodwin, Granger, Groesheck, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall,
Robert B' IIall,"Hurlan, Thomas L. Harris. Hasktn< Hick-
man, Hoaid, Horton, Howard^ won Jones, Kellogg, Knapp,
Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Ed-
ward Joy Morns, Uaac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oli-
ver A. RTorse, Mott, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Purvianee, Robbing, Roberts, Royce, Aaron Shaw,
John Sherman, Jud on W. Sherman, Robert Smith. Spm-
ner, Stanton, William Stewart. Tappan, Thayer, Tomp-
kins, Wade, Walbridjre, Waldron, Walton,Cad\valader C.
Washburn, Kllihu B. Washburne, and Israel Washburn—
88.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays, and be-
fore the result was announced,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that when
his name was called he was in the cloak-room,
which opens out of the Hall, and to which
there is no entrance except from the Hall, and
desired to know if he was entitled to vote under
the rules of the House prescribing what shall be
considered the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER decided that the gentlei^san
was not entitled to vote.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, took an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CLAY. I ask if it is not in order again
to renew the proposition made by the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Qajitman?]
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CLAY. Then I ask that the proposition
of the gentleman from Mississippi may be enter-
tained by the House.
Mr. LETCHER.- If that motion is amended
in one particular, I shall not object; if it is not, I
shall. That is in reference to seconding the pre-
vious question to-night.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Is it objected to?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands tho
remarks of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] as an objection. The gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] not being within
the bar of the House, according to the con-
struction of the Chair, claims the privilege of
voting. The Chair has held, pursuant to the inti-
mation and construction, he believes, of the com-
mittee appointed for that purpose, that the doors
leading into the Hall of the House were to be
construed to be the bar of the House. Any ono
to be within the bar of the House must be within
either of the doors leading into it, and where a
member is in either of the recesses he cannot be
considered to be within the bar. The^gentleman
from Mississippi appeals from that decision. The
vote has not been announced upon the last ques-
tion taken, and it is necessary to seLtle this
preliminary question to prevent confusion, and
therefore the Chair will put this question before
announcing the result on the other question.
Mr. STANTON. Is there not an appeal pend-
ing^
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. STANTON. Can another be entertained
while that is pending >
The SPEAKER. "According to the usual prac-
tice of the House it cannot; but the gentleman
will perceive that this question can alone be made
at this time, and before the vote on the pending-
question is announced, as it involves the right of
a member to vote upon that question. The Chair
would be very glad to have the House determine
whether the Chair has construed the rule of the
House properly.
Mr. MASON. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the appeal.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. ,
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 137, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Anderson, Andrews, Arnold,
Atkins.. Bartodale, Bennett, Billinghurst, Bmgham, Blair,
Bhsi, Boeock. Boycc, Brayton, Bryan, Bullmton, Buiiin-
ffame, Burroughs. Campbell,Case, Chaffee, Ch.'ipman, Fzra
Clark, John B. Clark, dawson, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane,
John Cochrane Cockerill, Coinms, Covode, James Craig,
Burton Ciaige,'Ciawfoid, Curtis, Davis of Indiana, Davie
of Iowa. Dawe-, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durtec; Fenton, Flor-
ence, Foiev, Foster, Gattreil, Giddings, Gilman, Gooeh,
Goode, Goodwin, Granger, Grcgi.', Grow, Lawrence W.
Hall, Robert B Hall. Harlan, Hatch, Hawkins Hickman,
Hoard, Hopkins, Horton, Houston, Howard, Hushes,
Jackson, J. GJancv Jones, Owen Jones, Kcitt, Kellog?,
Kilgore, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkcl, Landy,Leiter, Letcher,
Lovejoy, Maclay, McKibbm, McQueen, Mason, Mav-
nard, Miles, Moore, Moigan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morns,
Freeman IL Morse, Oliver A, Morse, Mott, Niblack,
Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Pike,
Potter, Pottle, Purvianee, Quitman, Robbins, Roberts,
