606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Royce, Ruffin,Scales, Scott, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw,
Jud*«ii VV. Sherman, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, iSpmner, Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson. William
Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Trippe, Wade, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Walton, Cadwaladi r O. Waahbuin, El-
littu 15. Washburne, Waikins, White, Wilson, Window,
ant} John V. Wright—137.
NAY'S—>les?-r . Avery, Davis of Mississippi, Thomas
L. Harris, Haskvn, and Powell—3.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER then announced the result on
the motion to adjourn, as before inserted.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Harris, of Illinois, that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have a prop-
osition which 1 wish to submit to the House,
which 1 think is a fair one. I hope they will hear
it read.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I object.
Mr. CLAY. 1 hope the gentleman from Ohio
will withdiaw his objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Let us hear what the
proposition is.
Mr, CAMPBELL. I think it due to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Q,uitman] that the
objection to his proposition, made upon the other
side of the House, should be withdrawn.
Mr. PHELPS, i demand the yeas and nays
on the motion of the gentleman from Illinois.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WINSLOW, (at twenty-five minutes to
six o'clock, a. m.) 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. iviORGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas aud nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 49, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Bark^dalo, Bowie, Ca^kie,
John 15 Clark, Clemens, Cobb, James Craig, Burton Oraiue,
Crawtord, Davis ot Mississippi, Edmundson, Gamett, Gar-
trell,Good«,Gregg, Hatch, ILtwktus, Hi 1, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Hughes,HuWur, J. Glancy Jones,Kent, Jacob M. Kun-
kel, Letcher, McQueen, Ma-on, Maynard, Miles, Moore,
Niblack, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, POWell, Quitman, Kutfin,
Russell, Scales, Scott, Homy M Shaw, Singleton, Stall-
worth, Stephens, Trippe, Watknis, Whiteley, and Wina-
Jotv—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bilhnghurst,
Bingham, Blair, Biayton, BufThiton, Buihiigame,
Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra
Clark, Clawson, Clark H. Coclnane, Cockcrill, Coliax,
Comms, Covode, Cox, Cuiti?, Davis of Indiana, Davis ot
towa, Dawes, D^an, Dick, Dodd, Durree, English, Fenton,
Foley. Foster, Giddtngs, Gilman, Gooeh, Goodwin, Gran-
ger, Giow, Robert 15.Hall, Harlan, Thomas, L. Hams, Ha->-
Kin, Hickman, Hoaid, Horton, Howard, Kellogg, Kilgoip,
Knapp, beach, Leiter, Lovejo.v, McKibbin, Moigan, Mor
fill, Edward Joy Morns, Isaac N. Moirts, Freeman II.
Morse, Oliver A. Moise, Mint, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer, Par-
ker, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Pinviance, Robbing Roberts,
Rojce, Aaion Shaw, John Sherman, Judson VV. Shi'iman,
Robert Smith. Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Thayer, Tomp-
kins, Wad«, Wuibridge, Waldton, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Wnvldtum, Eilihu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Wilson,
and Wood—91.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Thequestion recurred on Mr. Harris's motion.
Mr. HATCH. 1 do not rise, Mr. Speaker, to
make any remarks, if objection is made; but it
seems to me that this mode of proceeding; here
has gone far enough.
Mr. CLAY. I call the gentleman to order.
TheSPEAKER. It is not in order for the gen-
tleman from New York to proceed.
Mr. HATCH. Not if any gentleman objects.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
[Cries of44 Withdraw it!"]
Mr. CLAY. No, sir, I do not withdraw it.
Thequestion was taken on Mr. Harris's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
91, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Arnold, Bmghatn,
Bliss, Bowie, Bmce, Bi.i.vton, Buffinton, iUuhngmue,
Campbell. Case, Chaffee, Cnapman, Ezra Clark, Clawson,
Claik B. Cuelnane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Comm.-, Co-
vode, James Craig, Cuitis, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Xieau,
Dick, Dodd, Durfee, English, Fentori, Foley, Foster, Gid-
dmgs, Gilman, Gooch, Goode, Goodwin, Gianger, Ciow,
Robert B. flail, Hailan, Thomas L. Ham.-, Hatch, Hick-
man, Hoard, Hopkins, Hoi ton, Howard, Kullogg, Kelly,
Kilgore, Leach, Letter, Lovrjov, Moore, Moigan, Morrui,
Ed waul Joy Morn-, I-aac N. Morris, Freeman H. Motse,
Oiin. Palmer, Parker, Pike, Pottei, Pottle. Purvtance, iiob-
fiiiis, Roberts, Rnycc, Aaion i^Jtaw, John Shetman, Jud-oti
W. Sherman, Robert Smit'i, i3pinner, Stanton, Wiiham
Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Wade, Walbndge,
Waldron, Walton, CadValadei C. Waahbuin, Elhhu tf.
WashUuine, Uiael Washburn, Wutkius, Wilson, and
Wood—91. j
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson. Atkins, Avery, Baikfdale, j
Bilhnghurst Bryan, Burroughs, John B. Clark, Clay. Cox, i
Burton Craige, Crawtord, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mis- 1
«t s>ippj4 Edmundsou, Florence, Gamett, Gartrell, Hughes, I
iiuyler, J, Giancy Jones, Owen Jones, Keiu, Knapp. Jacob '
M. Kunkel, Lamar, Letcher, Maclay,McQueen, Ma<*on,
Maynard, Mile®, Montgomery, Mott, Peyton, Phelps, Phil-
lips, dmtman, Ruflui, Russell, Scales, Heniy M. Shaw,
Singleton. Samuel A. Smith, Stallworih, Stephens, Tuppe,
Wluteley, and Wins-low—49.
So all further proceedings under the call were
■J dispensed with.
!' Mr. STANTON. I wish to inquire if there is
i. not an appeal pending, taken some time yester-
• jday ?
j! The SPEAKER. There is an appeal pending,
i! taken by the gentleman himself,
j! Mr. STANTON. What would be the effect
i, of the withdrawal of that appeal ?
j: Mr. PHELPS. Stop a moment. We have
!' ordered the yeas and nays on that appeal,
j; Mr. STANTON. I withdraw the appeal,
j; Mr. PHELPS. I object.
TheSPEAKER.. The gentleman has a right
1 to withdraw it.
Ij Mr. PHELPS. Were not the yeas and nays
!; ordered ?
J', The SPEAKER. They were; but that does
|, not deprive the gentleman of iiis right to withdraw
the appeal, and ail the subsequent motions fall
with it. The question now is on the motion to
amend the motion that when the House adjourns
it adjourn to meet on Monday, by substituting
Tuesday for Monday.
Mr. GIUITM AN. I will again attempt to in-
troduce a resolution which I hope will receive
the unanimous approval of the House.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to hear the resolution?
Many Members. Let it be read for informa-
tion.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That this House do now adjourn over to Mon-
day next, when thesubj-ct under constdeiation shall be
resumed, and the vote upon the pending proposition shall
be taken without luither delay, debate, or dilatory motion.
Mr. STANTON. I think that is right. It is
as good as the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. What is the pending ques-
tion referred to in the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question.
Mr. AVASPIBURN, ot Maine. I will inquire
if the pending question referred to in the resolu-
tion is not the question upon the reference of the
President's message:
Mr. IvElTF. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 understand
this resolution to override the motion for the pre-
vious question, and to provide that the question
shall he taken on the reference without further
delay, debate, or dilatory motion.
The SPEAKER. The pendingqucstion is the
previous question, and the previous question is
not a dilatory motion.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to inquire if, under
that resolution, we shall be required to vote upon
the ten or eleven propositions now pending?
The SPEAKER. They fell with the with-
drawal of the appeal.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to inquire whether
there is not a motion pending from last Monday
to suspend the rules for the introduction of a res-
olution, and whether that motion will take piece-
dence of tins business?
TheSPEAKER. The Chairis of opinion that
this would operate as a special order.
There being no objection, the resolution was
adopted.
And thereupon (at twenty-five minutes past
six o'clock, a. m.) the House adjourned till Mon- ,
day next. '
IN SENATE. |
Monday, February 8, 1853. !
Prayer by Rev. H. N. Sipes.
The Journal of Thuisday last was read and
approved. ' :
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
( ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
; municating, in obedience to' the 8th section of the
act of July 22, 3854, for the action of Congress,
transcripts of certain private land claims in New
Mexico, which have been examined and approved
by the suiveyor general of that Ten itory; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a petition
of citizens of the United States praying that the
public lands may no longer be sold for the pur-
poses of revenue; but be held for the exclusive
use of actual settlers and cultivators; winch was
i referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BIGGS presented the memorial of Anna
M. McKenney, widow of William McKenney,
late a chaplain in the Navy, who died of disease
contracted in the service, praying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. JONES presented the petition of Louisa
Merrill, widow of an officer of the Army, who
was killed in the Mexican war, praying for the
renewal of her pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of James B.
Thomas, praying for compensation for Indian
depredations; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented four petitions of citizens of
Iowa, praying that the Des Moines river grant,
to the source of the river, may be confirmed to the
State of Iowa, upon condition that the State will
construct k railroad from Keokuk to the source
of the Des Moines river in Minnesota; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of George
Clermont and others, praying that the public lands
may be appropriated to the free and exclusive use
of actual settlers not possessed of other lands;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FITZPATR1CK presented the memorial
of the register and receiver of the land office at
St. Stephens, Alabama, praying that the compen-
sation of registers and receivers may be increased;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands,
Mr. GREEN presented two petitions of citizens
of Nebraska, and a petition of citizens of Mount
Ray, Kansas, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from St. Joseph, Missouri, to Pawnee
City, Nebraska; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. IYERSON presented a petition of Sheldon
C. Dunning, legal representative of John Love,
a surgeon's mate in the revolutionary war, pray-
ing for a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented the petition of C. E. Habicht,
administrator of J. W. P. Lewis, praying for the
payment of a balance due to him as agent for
building a light-house on Sand Key, in Florida;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. MASON. I have been requested by the
citizens of Georgetown, in the District of Colum-
bia, to present to the Senate a respectful memo-
rial or remonstrance against the passage of a bill
which has been reported to the Senate from a se-
lect committee, to prohibit the issue of bank notes
by corporations and associations, or individuals,
within the District of Columbia. The genileman
who brought me this petition asked that, inas-
much as the people of the District have no repre-
sentative m either House, I would be so kind to
them as to call the attention of the Senate to the
contents of the memorial. It is very numerously
signed by a number of gentlemen, many of whom
I know; they comprise chiefly, as I am mfotmed,
those who have principal charge of the commer-
cial and manufacturing interests of that town.
My own dispositions have always been to look
upon the citizens of this District with veiy pecu-
liar interest, from the fact that, by the terms of
the Constitution, they constitute the only portion
of the people of the United States who are dis-
franchised. I do not mean to give any opinion
on the bill against which they remonstrate, fur-
ther than to say that, so far as lam aware, it was
not introduced upon the request or petition of any
portion of the citizens whom it is intended chiefly
to affect. I am satisfied that, when itcomesup in
the Senate, it will receive that deliberation which
its magnitude to them requires. I move that the
memorial lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
indulge me with a remark on that question?
Mr. MASON. 1 withdraw the motion.
Mr. SEWARD. My attention has been called
to this subject by a portion of the citizens of the
