1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
169S
number of acres of land in use in the State of
New York, in 1825, was 7,160,967; in 1855, the
number had increased to 26,758,182 acres; but the
number of sheep had decreased so that there were
nearly three hundred thousand less than there were
thirty years ago; and within a period of five years
the decrease has been nearly fifty per cent., while
the decrease in the number of horses, cows, and
swine, is above fifteen per cent. In 1845 the prod-
uct of wheat was 13,391,770 bushels. It has stead-
ily declined since, until the product of the past year
did not exceed 6,000,000 bushels. The average
yield of corn per acre in 1844 was 24.75 bushels;
but in 1854 it was only 21.02 bushels.
The planting lands of southern States have also
greatly deteriorated, and some new fertilizer, be-
yond rotation of crops, is anxiously sought. The
average crop of wheatin Virginia, Tennessee, and
North Carolina for 1850, was only seven bushels
per acre. In Alabama and Georgia but five bushels
per acre. And even the largest of any State in
the Union, that of Massachusetts, was but sixteen
bushels per acre; and this, with the leanest soil,
proves her agricultural science far in advance of
her sister States. While the crop of cotton in the
new lands of Texas and Arkansas was seven hun-
dred to seven hundred and fifty pounds per acre,
it was but three hundred and twenty pounds per
acre in the older cultivated fields of South Caro-
lina.
In a southern journal I find the following state-
ment:
"An Alabama planter says that cotton has destroyed
more than earthquakes or volcanic eruptions. Witness the
red hills of Georgia and South Carolina, which have pro-
duced cotton till the last dying gasp of the soil torbade any
further attempt at cultivation ; and the land, turned out to
nature, reminds the traveler, as he views* the dilapidated
condition of the country, of the rums of ancient Greece."
In Virginia, the crop of tobacco in 1850, was
less than that of 1840, by over eighteen million
pounds. No crop has proved more destructive
to the fertility of the soil than the tobacco crop,
and this staple commodity, unless a cheap and
effective remedy can be found, must be either ban-
ished or it will banish the cultivators. In this
State, where tobacco, corn, and wneat have been
continued for a centuiy, many districts are no
longer cultivated. Liebig says, " that from every
acre of this land , there were removed in the space
of one hundred years, twelve hundred pounds of
alkalies, in loaves, grain and straw." In a letter
of General Washington, dated August 6, 1786,
to a friend (Arthur Young) in England, he writes:
" The system of agriculture, if the epithet system can be
applied to it, which is m usem this part of the United States,
is as unproductive to the practitioncis a  it is ruinous to the
landholder. Yet it is pertinaciously adhered to."
Writing to the same person at a subsequent
date, (December 5, 1791,) he says;
"The English farmer must entertain a contemptible opin-
ion ol'our husbandry, or a horrid idea of our land, when he
is to be infoimed that not more than eight oi ten bushels of
wheat is the yield of an acre "
Since these words were written, little has been
done to elevate the character of Virginia farm-
ing, and Mount Vernon itself, losing the eye of its
master, has lapsed into the general degeneracy.
While the yield of wheat has increased in England
to thirty bushels per acre, it has sunk to seven m
Virginia. The opinion of the " English farmer "
may be imagined.
In an address of the late Hon. A. Stevenson, in
1850, to the Agricultural Society of Albemarle,
in Virginia, he said;
"It can hardly be necessaiy to attempt to impress upon
you the depressed and wretched condition of the fanning
niteiests throughout the State at large, with the exception
of some few portions of it, which constitute honorable and
piaiseworthy excpptions."
Even in Ohio the wheat crop fe already less
remunerative than formerly, and fields long cul-
tivated are given up to pasturage. In Indiana,
Kentucky and Illinois, where so large an amount
of grain is sold and carried off, instead of being
fed out to stock, they are selling their lands by the
bushel in the shape of wheat and corn, and that
for a price utterly ruinous. Commerce, found-
ed upon such agricultural economy as this, must
come to an end, although the folly will continue
to be avenged on posterity even to the third and
fourth generation.
In the agricultural survey of Mississippi, re-
cently published, Mr. Harper, speaking of the
system pursued in that State, says:
"Tim agriculture has hitherto been 11 very cUuii-tJng
one. Mississippi is a new Stafu ; it dates its existence only
from the yeai 1818; and notwunstandni? all its fertility, a
large part of the land is already exhausted; the State is full
of old deserted fields."
A recent address issued by the agricultural con-
vention in South Carolina, declares:
" Our stocks of hogs, horses, mules, and cattle are dimin-
ishing in size and decreasing in number, and our puises are
being strained for their last cent to supply their places from
the northwestern States."
In the late message of the Governor of Georgia,
he eloquently discants upon the "educational
wants" of his State, and, among many other facts,
he notices "the exhaustion of the soil under a
system of agriculture that glories in excluding
the application of scientific principles."
My time will not permit a greater accumulation
of evidence on this point, although I have a cloud
of witnesses in reserve, nor is pointing out the
nakedness of the land an agreeable duty. The
leading fact, however, of a wide-spread deterio-
ration of the soil, stands put too boldly to be de-
nied. The great, irreversible law of American
agriculture appears in the constant and increasing
diminution of agricultural products, without any
advance in prices. It follows, just in proportion,
that capital is disappearing, and thatlabor receives
a diminishing reward. Our country is growing
debilitated, and we propagate the consumptive
disease with all the energy of private enterprise
and public patronage.
There is little doubt but that three fourths of
the arable land of our whole country is more or
less subjected to this process of exhaustion. It
has been estimated by Dr. Lee, of Geoigia, that
the annual income of the soil of not less than one
hundred millions of acres of land in the United
States is diminishing at the rate of ten cents an
acre. This would amount to $10,000,000, and in-
volve the loss of a capital of $106,666,666 annu-
ally. A sum greater than all our national and
State taxation!
Men waste hundreds of acres of land on the the-
ory that it is inexhaustible, whose entire wealth
might not purchase the raw materials—the mag-
nesia, hme, soda, potash, phosphorus, sulphur,
carbon,nitrogen,&c.—necessary to make a single
acre possessing primitive fertility. Thus the accu-
mulated store of ages passes away in a single gen-
eration.
And this waste of soil is not the only thing
wasted. For want of the knowledge and skill
which the institutions aimed at can alone impuit,
Colonel Wilder, a gentleman of well-earned fame,
estimates the annual loss of ths single State of
Massachusetts, in the one product of her cereal
grains, at $2,000,000. Another gentleman, in the
same State, of great experience in the line of
stock, dairy, &c,, reports the loss from the same
ignorance and unskillfulness in these interests, at
515,000,000 for that State alone. The loss of
New York, upon her four hundred and forty-
seven thousand and fourteen horses, (and Ohio,
by the census of 1850, had more,) through the
universal incompetency in the veterinary art, has
been reckoned at not less than two million dol-
lars. The horse, that " wonder of nature," so
universally adored by man, for the slightest ail-
ment, is handed over to the butchers of quackery,
whose practice is more fatal than that ascribed
even to Dr. Hornbook:
" Folk maim do something for their bread,
An5 aae maim Death."
We are indebted to Europe for our civilized in-
habitants, and for nearly all of our domestic ani-
mals, whatever the testimony of the rocks may
be as to the preexistence of the latter. The soil
we have acquired by the displacement of the red
man. The only thing we constantly dwell upon
with complacency is, that we surpass the stock
from which we sprang, and that we present our
land better than we found it. But this is not beau-
tifnl n nlp^is trnp '
We bring forth new States by the litter, and
when we want more, like our Norman ancestors,
we commit "grand larceny," and annex them.
This progress seems wonderful, but with it ap-
pears the bitter fact that these new States in half
a century—a brief time in the history of States—
become depleted and stationary. This early ma-
turity is followed by sudden barrenness.
Concerted effort is necessary to educate and ele-
vate whole nations. That effort is being made
abroad*with governmental aid in the lead. Here,
in tlie "model Republic," where a free repub-
lican government is installed to guard the gene-
ral welfare, no su$h effort'is being iftadb. ■ Gov-
ernmenthas notyetfollowed the lead of the people^
even afar off. We do not ask fc>t" constant and
persistent outlay and guidance; but a recogni-
zance for once, and in the most/ conveni^ntiriode,
of the propriety of encouraging useful knowledge
among farmers and mechanies, in order to enlarge
our productive power, give intelligence to those
who will esteem it a higher boon than land ot
titles, and relieve ourselves from the thraldom of a"
debt due to holders abroad, for the little agricul-
tural science we now have, and which is quite
unsafe to use, by reason of the great differences of
soil and climate.
Many foreign States support a population
vastly larger per square mile than wo maintain,
and hold their annual increase; but, by the sys-
tem of husbandry generally pursued here, the land
i is held until it is robbed of its virtue, skimmed of
11 its cream, and then the owner,selling his wasted
11 field to some skinflint neighbor, flies to fresh fields
i with the foul purpose to repeat the same spolia-
j tion; and this annual exodus which prevails over
' all the older States, and even begins upon the first
settlements of the new States before their remoter
' borders have lost sight of the savage, painfully
i indicates that we have reached the maximum of
| population our land will support in the present
I state of our agricultural economy. Our skill must
i be further developed, or here is our limit. A
j fever-and-aguish progress, warmed by speculative
I excitements, and chilled by panics, may be kept
J up while our unpeopled public domain is sup-
: posed to be inexhaustible, and while those who
• buy, buy to sell, and never otherwise mtpnd " fo
! hold or drive." Rut there is a barrier already
visible, more impassable than the Rocky Mount-
ains, the great sand plains stretching North and
! South, commencing near the ninety-eighth degree
of west longitude, or about the center of Kansas,
and running to the Rocky Mountains, so barren
of soil, water, timber, and al) vegetation, as to pre-
clude the possibility of settlement by civilized in-
habitants. Here the wave must be stayed; but shall
we not prove unworthy of our patrimony if we
M run over the whole before we learn how to man-
I iage a part?
j We are dilated with the notion that, as a na-
i tion, we may now claim rank with the oldest, the
i best, and the strongest. Our population is rap-
i idly increasing, and brings annually increased de-
: mands for bread and clothing. If we can barely
1 meet this demand while we have fresh soils to
, appropriate, Ave shall eaily reach the point of our
!; decline and fall. The nation which tills the soil
j' so as to leave it worse than they found it, is doomed
i j to decay and degradation. Ot her nations lead us,
■ not in the invention and handling of improved itn-
j; plements, but in nearly all the practical sciences
\\ which can be brought to aid the management and
! results of agricultural labor. We owe it to our-
selves not to become a weak competitor in the
! most important field where we are to meet the
!i world as rivals. It touches us in tenderest points,
ij our national honor as well as our private pockets.
!i While we ought to possess the granary of the
!! world, it has been but a brief time since brettd-
i stulls rose almost to starvation point, and indi-
■ cated the possibility that we might not forever
i escape the only test, that of famine, to which our
' institutions have not been subjected. Able to be
I independent, in a broader sense than any otlur
j people, having an area ninety-five times as large
! as England and seventeen times as large as Bt l-
; gium, yet over one hundred million of our imports
| of the last fiscal year were products mainly of the
| soil.
i It was not until Rome, deluded with military
] conquests and luxurious living, had become larjje-
J ly indebted to her conquered provinces for her
i agricultural products, that the " populous north"
: poured forth that rude horde which obtained the
; mastery and accomplished the downfall of the
Roman Empire.*
Agriculture undoubtedly demands our first care;
, because its products, in the aggregate, are not only
1 of greater value than those of any other branch
of industry, but greater than all others together;
and because it is not merely conducive to the
health of society, the health of trade and of com-
j; merce, but essential to their very existence. But,
[j while it is the most useful and earliest of arts, so
slui'sish have been its advances that we are yet
