1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Wf
District, and I rise for the purpose of letting it be
understood by them, that when the question
arises, I shaiJ desire to have it considered with ref-
erence as well to the interests of the public and
the country, as the views and opinions of the peo-
ple, who are to be immediately affected by it; and
that, as I understand the bill, whichisobjected to,
has not beonrefened to the appropriate com mittcc,
which, I suppose, is the Committee on the Dis«uict
of Columbia, T shall, when it rrtnips up, propose
that it be committed to that committee, together
with the memorial which is now about to be laid
on the table.
Mr. MASON. The bill to which the memotial
refers has been reported to the Senate by a select
com mitree.
Mr. SEWARD. Oh!
Mr. MASON. It has been suggested by an
honorable Senator near me, that inasmuch as the
subject of the memorial has been acted on by the
committee, it would be as well to have it printed.
1 move that the memorial be printed.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. That motion will
go to the Committee on Printing.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
EDUCATION OF SHIPS' CREWS.
Mr. BIGLER. I present four memorials ofciti-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to pro-
vide a system of instruction on board of oar ships
of war. The memorialists, entertaining a high
regard for the interests of the Navy, and desirous
that it should command the universal respect of
all nations, and prove to our own people a great
moralizing agent in time of peace, as well as a
defense in time of war,believe ihatthe only way
to effect this is to obtain improvement in the per-
sonnel of our ships' crews. To attain this object
they believe that a system of instruction on board
of our ships of war would be a powerful means;
apd that to convert our ships of war into great
floating scholastic institutions, as well as con-
servators of peace and avengers of aggression,
would give to the Navy and to the countiy a
proud distinction, especially if the United States
showed itself to be a pioneer m this improvement;
while it would increase, rather than diminish, the
capability of our men-of-war in every element of
a well-disciplined, orderly, and efficient Navy.
For this purpose, schoolmastcis should be ap-
pointed by act of Congress at a pay sufficient to
insure the services of competent poisons to super-
intend the instruction of the youth, boys, and
such men among the crew as desire to avail them-
selves of such provision; and be required to pass
a preliminary examination, to determine their fit-
ness (as is now the practice in the appointment
of boatswains, gunners, &c.) in leading, writing,
geography, history, mathematics, including navi-
gation, &c.; and, to guard against undue famili-
arity when not engaged in scholastic duty, should
rank and mess with the forward officers. They
set forth that a sufficient supply of the necessary
slates, stationery, books, and mathematical in-
struments, should be provided, and that some ad-
ditional expense would necessarily be incurred in
effecting these provisions; but they believe that
the improvement they would introduce in the/w-
sonnel in the ships' crews, and the greater facility
in shipping men and youth at our recruiting sta-
tions, would more than counterbalance that addi-
tional expense: for when it was known that agood
common-school education would be provided to
lads entering the Navy, parents, guardians, and
friends of boys would be anxious to place them
there, especially if unable otherwise to provide
such education for them. The memorialists, there-
fore, pray Congress to enact a law to carry out
their wishes. I move that the memorial be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 am requested to present the
memorial of citizens of the United States, sug-
gesting to Congress that schoolmasters should be
appointed by act of Congress, at a pay sufficient
to insure the service of competent persons, to su-
perintend the instruction of the youth, boys,and
such men among the crews of our national ves-
sels as desire to avail themselves of its provisions.
The subject is one of very great interest and far-
reaching importance. The number of subscribers
to this petition is small; they are, however, about
twenty, and they seem to be clergymen connected
with the Episcopal Church in the United States.
The memorial is signed, in the first instance, by
Bishop Potter, of the State of Pennsylvania, and
other very eminent clergymen.
I have a similar memorial which is subscribed
by a large portion of the principal merchants and
insurance companies of the city of New York. The
two memorials together combine two very great
and highly respectable influences, and I commend
the-subject to the consideration of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, to which I move that the me-
morials be referred.
The motion was agreed to.
THE LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. ALLEN presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of the State of Rhode Island and Prov-
idence Plantations, instiuctirig the Senalois and
requesting the Representatives of that State in
Congiess, to vote against the admission of Kan- I
sas into the Union as a State under the Leeomp-
ton constitution; which was read, and ordered to
be printed.
PAPER'S WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Ordered, That James D. Cobb liave leave to withdraw
In* petition and papeis.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the tnomonal ot David Butler, on (he files
of the Senate, he referred to the Committee on Miluaiy
Afthirs and Militia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIGGS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was leferred the petition
of Joseph Chaires, executor of J. B. Chaires, de-
ceased, and Gad Humphreys and Pedro Miranda,
submitted a report, accompanied byabill(S No.
12C) for the relief of the heirs and legal represent-
atives of Jose de la Maya Arredondo. The bill j
was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report wan ordered to be printed.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of George
Phelps, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 198) for the relief of George Phelps. The
bill,was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED. j
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con- j
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. !
127) to repeal the fifth section of an act entitled j
" An act to authorize the register or enrollment i
and license to be issued in the name of the pres- !
ident or secretary of any incorporated company !
owning a steamboat or vessel,"approved March !
3, 1825*, which was read twicc by us title, and re- i
ferred to the Committee on Commerce. t
BILL BECOME A LAW. !
A message was received from the House of .
; Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its Cleik, an- j
! nouncmg that the President of the United States j
| had appioved and signed, on the 5th instant, an j
| act (H. R. No. G3) to supply an omission in the i
j enrollment of a certain act therein named. j
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. j
The message further announced that the Speaker !
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills:
t An act (H. R. No. 3) making appropriations
I for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
j the United States, for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1859; also, an act (H. R. No. 22) to alter
the time of holding the courts of the United States
for the State of South Carolina; which thereupon
received the signature of the Vice President.
PRINTING OF THE KANSAS MESSAGE.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
j which was referred to the Committee on Printing:
i llesoJ red} Th;it ten thousand copies of tile messageofthe
President of the United States communicating a eonstittl
tion fioin Kansas a^ a State, and presenting Ills views ill
relation to tlie aliiur.i of that Ternloi v, be printed fur the use
ol'the Senate.
DATE OP IMPORTS.
Mr. GWIN. 1 noticed on the reading of the
Journal that a resolution offered by the Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] in reference to ihe
valuation of goods imported 011 which duties are
paid, has been referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. .It certainly pertains to the finances of the
country, and ought to go to the Committee on
Finances, I hope it will take that reference.
Mr. CLAY. 1 have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will atate
to the Senator, that he is mfoVmed the author of
the resolution had the reference made to the Com-
mittee 011 Commerce.
Mr. GW1N. I move to discharge the Com-
mittee on Commerce from its consideration, and
that the subject be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. I3AVIS. In the absence of the Senator
from Louisiana, I hope no action will be taken on
that proposition. I think it proper that he should
be present when it is considered.
Mr. STUART. We can discharge the Com-
mittee on Commerce and then let the question of
reference remain before the Senate until the Sen-
ator from Louisiana comes in.
' Mr. DAVIS. Let the whole subject go over.
The subject was passed over by common con-
sent.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senate now to take
up and pass a resolution of inquiry which I offered
on Thursday, calling for information from the
President in regard to certain facts and the returns
of votes in the Territory of Kansas. I presume
it will be disposed of m a few minutes.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to offer some resolutions
of inquiry.
Mr. DOUGLAS. This is only a resolution of
inquiry.
Mr. I VERSON. I rise to a point of order. I
have petitions to present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses it is his duly to call first for petitions and
then for repoi ts of standing committees during the
morning hour. He does not know what the prac-
tice of iho Senate has been in reference to a motion
to change the order of business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. During the morning we have
petitions, reports, and resolutions, indiscrimin-
ately, and I was only calling up this resolution
in accordance to the practice of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairdoesnot
suppose it is in the regular order of business; but
he doubts whether the Senator has not the right
to make a motion to take it up.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senator will withdraw
it, and let me offer a resolution to go tb the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But if I withdraw my motion
for .one f shall have to withdraw it for others.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to ask of the Chair if
the standing rules of the Senate can be dispensed
with ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will waive my motion that
petitions may be received as they take priority,
if my motion will be considered as the first mo-
tion pending after them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not suppose it is in the regular order of business
at this time.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose the motion stands;
but if petitions take priority gentlemen can goon
presenting them, and the motion can afterwards
be acted on, taking priority of other business.
That is my understanding of the rule.
Mr. HALE. I have a resolution to offer which
I suppose will go to the Committee on Printing,
as a matter of course.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I inquire if my resolution
does not take priority ?
Mr. HALE. This will not take a minute.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My only object is to get an
answer to a certain resolution of inquiry. I do
not wish to push it contrary to the sense of the
Senate, yet I cannot feel that we have the inform-
ation before us that we ought to have, until we
get that which is called for by this resolution. I
wish for the action of the Senateon the adoption
of this resolution of inquiry. I do not propose to
stand in the way of any gentleman who desires
to offer other resolutions. I supposed mine was
one of form, like any other.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rise to in-
quire whether the call forpetiuons has been gone
through with?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not. Peti-
tions are being offered,and resolutions and reports
of committees also.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Ihuve some
petitions to offer.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I consider that petitions tako
