1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27 It
A bill (No. 341) for the relief of John Harris,
of Warren county, Kentucky;
A bill (No. 342) for the relief of John Camp-
bell;
A bill (No. 361) for the relief of William Rich;
A bill (No. 3ti3-) granting ein invalid pension to
Henry Miller;
A bill (No. 364) for the relief of Mary B. Du-
senbury;
A Dill (No. 365) granting a pension to Jere-
miah Wright; and
A bill (No. GJ9) for the relief of John Sawyer,
a soldier in the war of the Revolution.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate:
An act (No. 226) for the relief of Mrs. Harriet
O. Read, executrix of the late Brevet Colonel A.
C. W. Fanning, of the United States Army;
An act (No. 318) for the relief of Keep, Bard, <
& Co., J. Caulfield, and Joseph Landis & Co.;
and
An act (No. 323) to confirm the sale of the res-
ervation held by the Christian Indians, and to
provide a permanent home for said Indians. i
Also, that the House had concurred in the
amendment of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. 456) granting an invalid pension to Brevet ,
Major John Jones, of Tennessee. j
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. !
The message further announced that the Speaker 1
had signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolution; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President:
An act for the relief of the heirs of William
Tarvm, deceased;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Jean Bapttste Devidrine;
An act for the relief of James Ruraph;
An act for the ldief of Alonzo and Elbridge G.
Colby;
An act for the relief of John Dearmit:
An act for the relief of Stuckey and Rogers;
An act for the relief of Shove Chase of New
York;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of John McDonough, deceased, of Louisiana;
An act for the relief of Lieutenant Loomis L.
Langdon;
An act for the relief of William Heine, artist
in the Japan expedition;
An act granting an invalid pension to Brevet
Major John Jones, of Tennessee;
An act for the relief of David McClure, de-
ceased; and
A joint resolution fur the relief of Henry Orn-
dorff.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House ©^Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 341) for the relief of John Harris,
of Warren county, Kentucky—to the Committee
on Pensions.
A bill (No. 342) for the relief of John Camp-
bell—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 361) for the relief of William Rich
—to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
A bill (No. 363) granting an invalid pension to
Henry Miller—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 364) for the relief of Maty B. Du-
eenbury—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 365) granting a pension to Jeremiah
Wright—to the Committee on Pensions.
A°bill (No. 619) for the relief of John Sawyer,
a soldier m the war of the Ilevolution—to the
Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 302) to continue the office of regis-
ter of the land office at Vincennes, Indiana—to
the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 303) giving the assent of Congress
to a law of the Missouri Legislature for the ap-
plication of the reserved two per cent, land fund
of said State—to the Committee on Public Lands.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. BIGLER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, (the Home of Representative-* concmimg,)
Tluit tlie resolution dncetmg the Pii'^ident ot the Senate
and Speaker ot* the Hou^e ot llepic-'entcitivos to decinre
their respective Houses adjourned si e die onTliuisday the
lUth or' June, at twelve o'clock, m., be and the same is
hereby rescinded; and that the Pie-ident of the Seriate
and the Speaker of the Ilouse of Representatives dcclare
their respective Houses adjourned sine die on Monday the
'21st of June, at twelve o'clock, m.
DEATH OF MR. HENDERSON.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, a few short
months ago it was my painful and melancholy
duty to announce the decease of my late lamented
colleague, General Rusk. That announcement
had been postponed in consequence of the absence
of his successor, who I desired should be present
on the occasion; but he was not present. The
duty again recurs, melancholy truly in its char-
acter, to announce the decease of my more recent
colleague, General J. Pjnckney Henderson, the
successor of General Rusk. These events are
very well calculated to impress the mind with the
instability of all human affairs, and to admonish
us that " in the midst of life we are in death."
The proud hopes and anticipations of both have
been cut down, and-1 am left the solitary repre-
sentative of my State in this body. A recurrence
to the scenes which have passed in relation to
both these gentlemen awakens emotions difficult
I to repress, and inexpressible in their character.
! General Henderson was born in Lincoln coun-
; ty, North Carolina, in 1808, on the 31st of March.
< He leceived a liberal education, and chose the
I profession of the law as a pursuit, in which he
! soon acquired a prominent position. His health
becoming impaired, lie was induced to make a
' visit to the Island of Cuba, where it was partially
' repaired. Returning, he selected a location in the
| State of Mississippi, and resumed the profession
i of tho law. In the awakening scenes of the South
i consequent on the invasion of Texas by the Mex-
: leans, he was aroused from his professional pur-
1 suits, and induced to busy himself much in rous-
I mg the chivahy of the South to repair to the rescue
1 of that devoted countiy. On his ui rival there, in
i association 'with companions, he was selected
| by the Governmental interim, and leceived the
! appointment of brigadier general in the army.
The army soon after being disbanded, ho stepped
I into the walks of private life, but was soon called
j by the Executive of the constitutional Govern-
ment, then inaugurated, to the office of Attorney
. Geneial of the Republic. He continued in it for
I some months, when the decease of General Aus-
1 tin, the distinguished lather ot Texas, an lllus-
, tnous citizen, created a vacancy in the State De-
partment. and Geneial Henderson, after General
. Rusk had declined the position owing to his pro-
fessional engagements and private business at
1 home, was selected. He held that Department
until the latter part of 3837, when he was appointed
- Minister Plenipotentiary and Envoy Extraordina-
| ry to England and to France, to negotiate for the
j recognition of Texan independence. Pie contin-
i ued in that position, employed busily for the at-
! tainment of the objects which had been assigned
' to him, until 1840, when he returned to Texas,
I and agd.m resumed the piucticu of the law. He
: located himself m San Augustine, and was asso-
| ciated in practice with General Rusk. He con-
i tinued there until 1843, declining, in the mean
! time, a situation in the. new cabinet that was
formed in December, 1841, preferring to pursue
his profession.
In 1843 he was appointed, by the Executive,
an adjunct to Mr. Van Zandt, the resident minis-
ter here at Washington, for the pui pose of nego-
! tiaung a treaty for annexation. The treaty was
i negotiated, but the Senate of the United States
j failed to ratify it. He again returned to Texas
; and resumed his legal practice, and so continued
: until the annexation of Texas was consummated
' and a convention was called to frame a State gov-
j ernment. He was elected a member of the con-
I vention from the county of San Augustine, and
: acted a conspicuous part in that body in forming
; the constitution of the new State. He was sub-
| sequently elected the first Governor of the State
i of Texas. After remaining some time in the dis-
j charge of the duties of that office, a requisition
, was made upon Texas m consequence of the
j Mexican war, for troops to aid General Taylor,
i The troops of Texas were called out, and, by a
1 resolution of the Legislature, Governor Hf.xder-
j son was authorized to assume the command,
; which lie did, and he acted a conspicuous part in
; the battle of Monterey. He was one of thecom-
j missioners, on the part of the American forces,
| to negotiate the articles of capitulation ofthegar-
i rison of Monterey. On his return from the war
he resumed the duties of Governor, and continued
to execute them during the term for which he was
elected, declining a reelection. Sincc that time,
he has assiduously pursued the practice of the
law, distinguished in his profession, and eminent-
ly successful m the practice, until the meeting of
the last Legislature, when he was elected unani-
mously, I believe, to fill the place in this body
vacated by the lamented event of General Rusk's
death.
Thus, gentlemen, you will perceive that he was
no ordinary man. He itiade his mark upon the
history of Texas; and the nation js not unac-
quainted with his reputation. He will be long
remembered. He was a bold, enterprising spirit;
a man of indomitable will, of daring enterprise,
and firm of purpose. His intellect was of a high
order, and cultivated to the extent that opportu-
nities of professional engagements would permit.
This is the colleague whose loss 1 have to de-
plore. I regret his death. To me, individually,
it is but little; the bereavement fails not upon me
as it will upon others. His friends had confi-
dence in, and were ardently attached to him; they
were deeply devoted to him; and the chord that is
broken will be one of thrilling sensibility. When
we contemplate the ties which bind man to man,
we know that the course of eVents causes their
separation: but, sir, when we contemplate the
deep agony of an affectionate wife that is now the
bereaved widow, and the prattling children that
arc orphans in the world, here is a scene that
closes the picture of true distress, and tells us that
"The paths of glory load hut to the grave."
Mr. President, I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, unanimously, That the member* of the Senate,
fiom a smooie dcMre of rdiowmg every mailc of respect to
the memoiy of the Hon. J. 1'inckm.y IIenperson, de-
ceased, a Senatoi hom the State of Texas will go into
mouinmg for the lesidueof the present session by the usual
mode of wearing etape on the left aim.
Resolved, unanimoiu-ly, That tlie tnembeis of the Senate
will attend the ltmeiai of the deceased from the Senate
Chamhei, at thiee o'clock, p. m., to-morrow; and that the
committee of ananuomotit?., confuting of Messia. Ba.ya.rp,
Cameron, Clay, Wade, Hammond,and Seward, super-
intend ih<* ^ame.
Otdcred, That the Secretary communicate these pro-
ceedings to the House of Representative*.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, in rising to sec-
ond the resolutions, my long acquaintance with,
and warm attachment to, the deceased,impel me,
however feebly, to pay some tribute to his char-
acter. It is not at a time when the heart is agi-
tated by sudden and poignant grief, and sympa-
thetically responds to the wail of the widow and
the orphan, that we can hope to do justice to the
public and private character of one whom we have
lost. In both relations it has been my fortune to
know the deceased intimately and long. Together
with him I have shared toil and danger; and the
association taught me to esteem him more and
more with every succeeding trial. Associated with'
him in the attack on Monterey, his command and
my own closcd the activc operations of that event-
ful siege. On the third and last day of the attack,
when night was closing around us, and we were
near to the main plaza, we learned that we were
isolated; that orders had been sent to us to retire;
that the supports had been withdrawn; and that
we were surrounded by a large number of the
enemy. A heart less resolved, a mind less self-
reliant, than Henderson's, might have doubted,
waveied, and been lost. The alternative was
presented to him of maintaining a post which he
was confident wo could hold, or of retiring, when
it was doubtful whether we could cut our way
through the enemy: he asked no other question
than, " Are we ordered to retire?" On learning
that such was the fact, he decided, at whatever
hazard, to obey; and narrowly, on that occasion,
he escaped with his life. The sense of duty rose
with him superior to all other considerations; and
he obeyed an order which he might have been
justified in disobeying, because of the dangers to
which it would subject him. It was the same
trait in his character which hastened him on when
coming to take his seat in the Senate. He had
paused at the Island of Cuba, in a condition to
warn him not to meet this rigorous and changing
climate; but the news reached him that Texas
required his vote in this Chamber, and it was
enough. Dutypointed the path, and he hesitated
not to tread it. He came;'and the sacrifice of his
life wti  the result.
