1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1695
tivation of land cling to a people from generation
to generation. In all ages farmers have been sta-
ble, conservative, and reverent to antiquity. The
same plow as described three thousand years ago
at
11 Athens, the eye of Greece, mother of arts
And eloquence,"
is still in use among the modern Greeks. _ The
habitant of Canada as much believes to-day in the
propriety of placing the yoke on to the horns of
the ox, m order to secure the entire strength of the
animal, as he did in the days when he owed allegi-
ance to the Grand Monarch. The old Roman plow,
sometimes drawn, in the days of Nero, " by a
wretched ass on the one side, and an old woman
on the other," still retains its place in Italy, and
in parts of Spain and the south of France. If we
turn to the descendants of the Puritans, we shall
find some of these yet kill their pork and plant
their corn in " the old of the moon." In all ages,
and in all countries, the habits, as well as the vir-
tues of agriculturists, remain fixed.
Agricultural men dwell apart. Their business
keeps them at home, and they cannot combine to
secure general improvements, or to make their
complaints heard. They suffer in silence—the
rolling years only noted by seed time and har-
vest."
All over the highest civilized parts of Europe
we find the different Governments alive to the
wants of agriculture. They have established min-
isters of instruction, model farms, experimental
farms, botanical gardens, colleges, and a large
number of secondary schools, with no otherpur-
pose—and they need no higher or nobler—than
the improvement of the industrial resources—the
farms and the farmers—of the respective coun-
tries. All these are chiefly supported by large
annual expenditures of the different Governments,
except so far as any may be self-supporting in-
stitutions. The effect is in the largest degree fa-
vorable to the peopleand to increased production.
But the teachings of European professors are of
little consequence to Americans, even if they could
be comprehended and instantaneously adopted,
as they are rarely suited to our circumstances.
Can we not have something that we may claim
as our own? Young Americans should have some
chance to study agriculture as a profession, and
be attracted to it as to a learned, liberal, and in-
tellectual pursuit. Is it true, as our detractors
assert, that science can flourish only under the
patronage of royalty?
This system of education is known to be more
complete in Prussia than m any other nation of
Europe. It may be said that all the children at-
tend school until they are thirteen years old; and
agricultural colleges, and schools for the mechanic
arts and higher trades, are liberally sustained,
and with a much larger staff of professors than
is common in the United States. This nation is
making rapid progi ess in wealth and intelligence.
In Saxony they have a number of experiment
stations, or experimental farms, with 'laboratories
attached, and five or more schools exclusively for
agriculture. There is no country in the world
where agriculture and all branches of industry
are pursued with more enterprise and success
than in the little monarchy of Saxony; and there,
of 315J85 children between the ages of six and
fourteen years, 311,454 were, in!851, in actual
attendance at school.
Belgium has its agricultural schools also, and
great opportunies for general education are given,
especially in the larger towns. Here farming is
conducted most on a scientific basis; and Bel-
gium, supporting a population of three hundred
and thirty-six to the square mile,in a climate in-
ferior to that of Kentucky or Virginia, averaging
only twenty-six and twenty-three to the square
mile, is the first in rank as an agricultural State
in Europe. Its once noted battle-fields are now
equally noted as model farms. This preeminence
is chiefly the result of scientific attention to ma-
nures.
Prance, from the time of Napoleon, has done
much for agriculture. Beet-sugar, the mulberry,
the grape, as well as Merino sheep and the Thi-
bet goat, have received imperial attention. No
expense in France is shirked in the cause of agri-
cultural science. Her botanical gardens, chemical
laboratories, physiological museums, and schools
for instructions in the vetciinary art, surpass all
others in existence, and with her five agricultural
colleges, and almost one hundred inferior agri-
cultural schools arc performing herculean labors
for the elevation of the farming population of the
empire. The Revolution and the successive wars
loaded France with an immense debt; but this
was rapidly extinguished from the never-failing
resources of her soil. The abrogation of the game
laws and many other feudal enactments has aided
her progress, but the breakingup and division of
every estate at the death of the owner, doubtless
retards much of permanent improvement. But for
this abuse of a true principle, and the illiterate
condition of her people, France would have been
the pioneeer of rural economy.
As it is, we look more to England and Scot-
land, and to Ireland to some extent, for princi-
ples and facts for our instruction. Here we find
agriculture developed in all its noblest attitudes.
Science, wealth, taste, mind, and rank, combine
to increase its profit, beauty, and honor. The
large fortunes of individuals enable Science to
delve constantly in its behalf;butthe Government,
far from thinking that enough, annually contrib-
utes liberally to the same object, especially in
Ireland. Colleges and schools of agriculture are
numerous in Great Britain, but their usefulness
is greatly restricted on account of the limited
attendance arising from the jealousies of caste.
Agricultural improvement is imposed on such a
people from necessity. The heavy taxation, the
enormous consumption of luxuries, and density
of population, could not be otherwise supported.
Science, like the rod of Aaron, has touched the
soil, and behold ! the crops are doubled. Nothing
but this in Ireland could have checked the disper-
sion of a nation—a nation, too, that in ten years
preceding 1846, exported more grain than all of
the United States. Notwithstanding the magnifi-
cent proportions of her commerce, freckling all
seas with its flag, and notwithstanding her all-
embracing manufactures,with their countless fires
blazing day and night, England, were her agri-
culture to retrograde, or the land fail "to yield her
increase," would be numbered wjth things that
were, and the earth no more rock at the sound of
Trafalgar or Waterloo.
The Government of Russia, the growing giant
of Europe, has recently taken a conspicuous lead
in the education of its people, and the cause of
agriculture there holds a deserved prominence.
Of colleges, schools, and special schools devoted
to agriculture, Russia maintains agreater number
than any other nation, France only excepted. No
nation has arisen in the political firmament with
a steadier splendor than the great northern bear,
which, instead of pawing, like Milton's lion, "his
hinder-parts to get free" from the mud of the Nile,
is struggling to get free from the Polar ice of ig-
norance. The back-bone of Russia, in her recent
contest, lay in her agricultural forces, and against
these but half>tu to red icsoiuces uf men and wealth,
half the strength of Europe could only wage a
drawn battle. Here we find a despotism, from
motives merely of governmental policy, elevating
labor, placing it within the power of her agricul-
turists and artisans to become educated and skill-
ful, while our people with the Government m their
own hands, parley on the brink, and do nothing
for their own benefit.
Spain is weak in all her industry, because, while
an uneducated Spanish gentleman, it is said, can-
not be found, so neither can a peasant be found
who can read or write.
Italy, anciently far in advance of ail her cotem-
poraries, in theory and practice, is now behind
all other States in her farming and industrial pur-
suits, and here wc find but one person in fifty pro-
vided with any instruction whatever.
I might contrast Bohemia with Saxony, and
even Ireland with England, or the different can-
tons of Switzerland with each other, to show the
difference between ignorantand educated culture
of the soil, but I have not space.
Thus, we behold the suffrages of all the wiser
civilized nations in favor of the measure contem-
plated by the bill under consideration; examples
as much to be imitated as those of an opposite
character are to be shunned. If other nations ad-
vance, though we but pause, we are distanced.
The voice of our country, if it could find utter-
ance, is believed to be overwhelmingly in favor
of the establishment of these institutions on our
' ■ ' ill be
coun-
VI lilt. UdlClUUSIl 1UC!JI U1
own soil. They are as much needed and will
us gratefully accepted in one direction of our co
try as another. More than four fifths of our pop-
ulationareengaged in agricultural.and mechanical
employments. This vast number out of. thirty
millions of people now, to.be increased to fifty
millions in less than twenty years, will forever
furnish an inexhaustible supply of pupils who,
will not forsake their calling, is ft not of gr^ive
importance to give this vast force an, intelligent
direction ?
In 1850 there were, between the ages of five
and fifteen, 5,106,257 inhabitants of our country.
There were engaged in the professions of law,
medicine, and theology, 94,575citizens, and in all
the colleges of the United States there were 27,159"
pupils only. If these pupils required two hun-
dred and thirty-nine colleges forf/ieirinstruction,
how many ought we to have for the sons of the
millions engaged in agriculture? Why, sir, the
number winch it may be hoped will be provided
for under the auspices of this bill will hardly do
more for some years than to supply teachers that
will be required in secondary schools.
At the close of the Revolution there was much
difficulty about these lands. The States within
whose boundaries the ungranted. crown lands
were situated felt disposed to claim them, unjustly
as the other States thought, as State property.
But finally all yielded to the Union, using in their
conveyance words of like import—that the lands
should be considered a common fund for the use and
benefit of all. Since then the revolutionary debt
has been extinguished; gratitude for military ser-
vices has been acknowledged to the extent of
forty-four million one hundred and nine thousand
eight hundred and seventy-nine acres; new States
have been properly treated with statesman-like
liberality; now by this bill the old States, by whose
blood and treasure the public domain was so
largely acquired, will be alio wed some direct share,
but not greater than that of others, in the distri-
bution. What clause in the constitution inter-
poses any barrier to this ?
It cannot be pretended that this is one of a class
of cases; for here is one where four fifths of all
the people are directly, and all the restindirectly,
interested. No other can come up representing
more than a fractional part of the remaining fifth.
Our Government is also directly interested, as
the holder and dealer in large tracts of land. If it
be for the interest of small holders of land, it must
be for the interest of a largo holder. There is not
even an exclusion of those who do not cultivate
their land. If the measure shall in any degree in-
crease the future profits of cultivators, the value
of all land, wherever it nmy be, whether held m
small or large quantities, will be augmented. The
cotton-gin has hardly done more to raise the price
of estates in the South, than would now the dis-
covery of a remedy for the boll-worm, and other
destructive insects, which gore and gorge the
cotton-plant; norhave the reaping machines been
of more advantage to western wheat fields, than
would be a cure for the wheat midge. These in-
vaders may not be overcome; may not be within
the reach of human enginery; one sixth part of the
cotton and wheat crop may still he lost; hut some
resulting improvements may safely be predicated
upon the labors of thirty-two or more institutions
actively engaged in scientific agriculture. There
can be no doubt that the benefits to be derived,
will prove an ample consideration for the lands
disposed of. One of the most adequate consider-
ations ever received for any estate by parent, is
called, in legal parlance, " love and affection;"
and that also will not be wanting here.
These considerations are tendered by those elder
States, to whose toils and expenditures the mar-
ketable value of our public domain is so largely
indebted. Blot out the canals and railroads of
Pennsylvania, New York, and Ohio, costing over
two hundred million dollars, and the buffalo and
the fur-trader on the western prairies might strive
for the mastery, but civilization would postpone
her triumphs over the savage to a remoter age.
Our " western empire" might be taxed the whole
cost of the New Yoik and Erie canal, and then
be the gamer; and yet the bill I am advocating
will not appropriate, among all the States, one
fifth part of its original cost, and not one half of
the amount of the yet unpaid canal debt of New
York.
The third section of article four of the Constitu-
tion declares:
"The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make
