610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
ened, and not put in one word of warning to the
people from whom he anticipates it—not tell them
that they will be compelled to bow to the will of
the majority, that they will be compelled to obey
the laws of the land ? Why, sir, it is the strangest
thing to me that a Chief Magistrate of the coun-
try holding this position should not say, as one of
his great predecessors said before him, that the
Constitution should be preserved; that the Union
Should be preserved; that when the action of Con-
gress was legal, no matter upon what subject,
the power of the Federal Government should be
brought to bear on any people or any portion of
people whatever who undertook to make any agi-
tation which endangered the safety of the Union
of these States; but we hear nothing of that from
the present President.
Strange to say, too, he is all the time talking
about law; he tells us that the people must obey
the laws; that the course of things in Kansas has
been legal on the one side and illegal on the other;
and he is very ready to read lectures to that peo-
ple and to us on the subject of obeying the law,
while he conveys no intimation to anybody that
if the laws are broken, or attempted to be broken,
in one region of country, there will be any interfer-
ence from him, or even any words of reprobation
from him.
Now, sir, as to the facts stated: let us look a little
at what the President has stated in his message.
He has made all the intimations of which I have
spoken; but what has he gone on to say? He
charges, substantially, that the majority (for he ad-
mits it to be a majority by saying more than once
in his message that the people of Kansas, unless
he had prevented them by military force, would
have overturned the Government; thus admitting
that they had the power as well as the will to sub-
vert the territorial government there established)
had a design, and have had from the beginning,
to subvert the government by force. Is there any
proof of this? What proof docs he adduce? The
desire to establish the Topeka constitution, as it
has been called; and on the strength of that fact
he even charges Governor Robinson with having,
in the very first sentence of the message which
he communicntcd to the Topeka Legislature, ex-
pressed the same design; when, if you come to
look at it, (I will not trouble the Senate with read-
ing it,) there is not a single word, not a single idea,
not a single intimation, in that clause of Governor
Robinson's message, which has been referred to
by the President, intimating any design or wish
of the kind. I deny, hero, the whole foundation
of the President's charge and argument on that
point. There never has been a design to establish
the Topeka constitution by force. No such de-
sign has ever been avowed, and no each design
has ever been attempted to be carried into exe-
cution.
1 know very well that the honorable Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] in his speech which
he made at the first part of this session, stated that,
if he had not believed it was the intention of the
people of Kansas to carry that constitution into
effect by force, and establish a State government
under it by force, he would not have been dis-
posed to interfere, for they had undoubtedly as
good a right to petition, in that form, as another
poition of the people had to petition in another
form; but I should be glad to have gentlemen point
me to the proof, in any part of the proceedings
in the Territory of Kansas, showing that that
people ever designed or expressed the intention
to establish that constitution and a State govern-
ment under it by force. The very first step they
took disproves it. They sent it here to Congress,
and petitioned to be admitted under it as a State.
They chose a Legislature; and that Legislature
met, but passed no laws; itadjourned. It avowed
ihen, that its design was not a forcible one—not
to establish a State government by force; but to
establish it by the weight of opinion in fhe Ter-
ritory, under an application to Congress to be ad-
mitted under it; and yet this has been alluded to
over and over again, more than onee on this floor,
and by the President himself and by other offi-
cials, as establishing the fact that there was rebel-
lion existing in Kansas. Sir, the adoption of that
Topeka constitution, and the choice of State of-
ficers under it, and all they ever did, no more goes
to make out rebellion against the constituted gov-
cmmerjkthan would a town meeting called to pass
resolutions on the same subject.
What is rebellion ? It is a desire and an at-
tempt to overturn a government by force. Re-
bellion- does not consist in words; you must have
forcible acts. It is not enough to express abhor-
rence of agovernment; itisnotenough toexpress
detestation of the officers who carry on the opera-
tions of government; it is not enough to call town
meetings; it is not enough to frame a constitution
j and submit it to the people for adoption; it is not
' enough even to pass laws under it, so long as there
is no design to put them forcibly in execution and
enforce the execution of those laws thus passed.
The people of Kansas have done no more than
this. On that ground, Senators on this floor, and
others elsewhere, have repeatedly charged, and
the President echoes the cry, that here is rebellion
existing in Kansas; and the people are denounced
as rebels against the constituted authorities. Leav-
ing out of the case the fact that the territorial
government was a usurping government in the
beginning, (as it was,) and granting it to be a
legal one, still I aver that there has been nothing
done in reference to the Topeka constitution from
the beginning to the end, on which any man who
values his opinion asaconstitutional lawyer could
predicate the idea of rebellion. I said so the other
day, and I say it again; and it is as little made out
by long labored quotations from letters of Gov-
ernor Walker. Governor Walker seems to be
very good authority with the President on one
point, and no authority whatever with him on
other points. When Governor Walker tells him
that a great majority of the people of Kansas are
opposed to this constitution, he does not believe
him, forhedoesnot.referto the fact. When Gov-
ernor Walker tells him there was fraud in the ar-
rangement made in reference to the State officers
that should be corrected, he does not believe a
word of it, nor do gentlemen here. When Gov-
ernor Walker tells him of the great frauds that
were committed at various precincts which have
| been spoken of by the Senator fiom Massachu-
j setts [Mr. Wilson] and others, he does not be-
| lieve a word of it. But he does refer to Governor
| Walker's letters, and makes many extracts from
I them, to establish the fact of rebellion; but they
| produce no such convictions—they prove nothing
i of the kind. Take them from the beginning to
the end,and they make outno forcible resistance.
They are nothing butstatements; there is no fact
on which to predicate them. The country might
j understand, from the statements thus made in dc-
] tail, that the President really believed there was
| a dangerous rebellion in Kansas, and that unless
! he interfered with the troops of the United States,
the Government would be overturned !
It has been remarked by my honorable friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] that it will be
observed that these letters of Governor Walker
were written immediately after his arrival in the
Territory. Who was Governor Walker? A
friend of the Administration, a leading Democrat,
a southern man, with all his prejudices excited
against the free-State people of Kansas,all his feel-
ings and wishes in favor of adding to the strength
of the slave States, by making Kansas also a slave
State. He went there with these impressions; he
carried them with him; he began his administra-
tion with them; he carried them, I am happy to
say, not to the end. On arriving there, whom does
he meet? PIis associates are the very persons
who have been practicing these imquitiesin Kan-
sas. His suspicions are awakened, his mind is
excited upon the subject, and he looks upon all
these demonstrations as actually constituting a
rebellious disposition on the part of the people of
Kansas!
What are the proofs that he gives? They
amount to nothing. As I remarked on a former
occasion, one is that the people of Lawrence
j undertook to form a city government for muni-
! ctpal purposes. They had a right to do so; they
: did so; and they put that government in operation,
| not to be enforced on those who were unwilling,
| but to be enforced with the consent of those who
i agreed that that should be done under the very
] strong necessities of the case. He looked upon it
I as rebellion; he denounced it as rebellion; and they
denounced him in their turn. He did not under-
take to prevent them, and did not prevent them.
Again, another reason was the formation of a
military organization. For what avowed pur-
poses ? For the purpose of protecting the polls—-
a legal purpose, a constitutional purpose—aright
which arose from the constitutional right of the
peopip to bear arms for their own protection, which
cannot be taken away from them. That was the
argument, because Governor Walker said he be-
lieved that was not the design I Has there been
any evidence that it was not the design ? It was
the design avowed, the Gnly one; and yet this is
all the proof we have, coming from these state-
ments, to make out the charge made by the Pres-
ident of the United States, that there was rebellion
in Kansas which called for the use of the military
power.
Sir, there are some things which the President
forgot to state. He forgot to state that this was
a usurping government. Did he not know that
fact? The honorable Senator from Illinois, in his
speech,which we all remember, excused the Pres-
ident, or attempted to excuse him, for not know-
ing and understanding what was the absolute
meaning and intent of the organic act of Kansas,
or a certain portion of it, on the ground that he
was absent from the country at the time of its
passage. He was absent from the country at the
time the events happened of which I have spoken.
Does any gentleman here undertake to deny that
the first Legislature was forced on the people of
Kansas by a foreign invasion? The proof is in
the record. It is in the record taken by the House
of Representatives. Was not the President fa-
miliar with that ? Ought he not, as a statesman,
to have been familiar with that ? Can he give any
excuse for not knowing it? Is it enough for the
President of the United States to come into office,
and say he does not know some of the leading
facts which have taken place within a very short
period before his election and inauguration ? No,
sir, it is no excuse; and the President of the Uni-
ted States ought not to, and shall not, avail him-
self of it before the people of the country. He
docs not know the other facts which i have stated
with reference to the disclaimer of the people who
framed the Topeka constitution from the begin-
ning, of any intention to subvert by force the es-
tablished government of that Territory.
His next allegation is a very singular one, and
it calls for more particular notice. He avers that
the sense of the people was taken on the question
of whether they would have a convention or not;
and he holds them accountable, therefore,for not
voting on that question. Mark you, he is now
communicating information to Congress; this is
one of the items which he communicates, that the
sense of the people of Kansas was taken on the
question of a convention! What opportunity did
they have to express their sense ? Could they ex-
press their sense on a convention under the force
of a test oath that was applied to them? Is it
not matter of notoriety; is it not upon the book;
is it not matter of record, that, coupled with the
right to vote on the question of calling a conven-
tion, was prescribed an oath to be taken by every
person who should offer himself as a voter on that
occasion? What was that oath? It was stated
by the Senator from Missouri the other day. It
was an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States; to support the organic act of the
Territory; and, beyond that, to support the fugi-
tive slave law. Now, sir, who in any country—
1 will not say in any free country, but Who in
an]/ country—ever before heard of a test oath
made a prerequisite to the right to votn ? 1 have
heard of an oath administered at the polls to show
a person's qualification; that he comes under the
description of persons who are allowed to vote;
but I believe this is the first time, in the history
of any country where the people are allowed to
i exercise the right of suffrage at all, in which an
; oath has been prescribed by way of test to sup-
J port certain measures of Government and certain
! laws, as a prerequisite to the right of suffrage.
! Is it not well known, does not the whole coun-
I try understand, that, throughout the free States,
1 there is the greatest abhorrence of the fugitive
j slave law; that in many of those States that act
i has been held to be unconstitutional; that a large
! portion of the people not only consider it uncon-
< stitutional, but a much larger portion consider it
[ oppressive and unjust, and derogatory to their
| rights? Is not that well understood? And yet,
j when people from the free Statps, with these teel-
' ings and impressions, present themselves in Ivan-
: sas, and show that they are qualified, under the
I organic act of Kansas and the laws of the Terri-
I tory, to exercise the right of suffrage as persons,
