1696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20.
all needful ru/es and t emulations I expecting the territory or
othci property belonging to the United States."
Here is the whole of it; and there is no restric-
tion save that in the deeds of cession. Our public
lands arc no longer pledged for a national debt;
and, if held for the common benefit of all, how
can it be wrong to give all their rightful and exact
proportion to the limited extent now proposed ?
Who will be wronged ? "What better thing shall
we do with them? Whatever discordantopinions
there may have recently existed touching the true
interpretation of this clause, as to persons, no one
will pretend that it does not give complete control
over the land (the property) belonging to the
United States; and the measure I am considering
is a literal compliance With the powers conferred
in that it proceeds 44 to dispose of and make all
needful rules and regulations" respecting so much
as is embraced in the bill.
Grants of lands during and since 1850 have been
made to ten States and one Territory, to aid in the
construction of more than fifty railroads, of an
extent of about nine thousand miles, amounting
to 25,403,993 acres. These grants were made on
the argument of " prudent proprietorship," and
alternate sections were given away to double the
price of the remainder. Whether the policy will
result in any loss to the Government or not, these
States were treated with a liberality they will
never forget. As a prudent propiietor, may we
not do that which will not only tend to raise the
value of all land, whether owned by individuals or
by Government, but make agricultural labor more
profitable and more desirable as a pursuit in life ?
Up to the 30th of June, 1857, we had ungrudg-
ingly donated to different States and Territories
sixty-seven million seven hundred and thirty-six
thousand live hundred and seventy-two acres oi
land for schools and universities. No one shall
be twitted for such acts by me; but, if the purpose
be a noble one as applied to a Territory sparsely
populated, it is certainly not less «o to States
thickly peopled. If such donations are constitu-
tional to inchoate States, can they Ik; unconstitu-
tional when proposed to the Old Dominion, the
Empire, Keystone, and Little Ithody ? Is there
a more urgent demand for such aid m behalf of
the people of a Territory free of debt, whose frame
of government is supported by the nation, than
in behalf of States bearing all the debt and bur-
dens of the national Government, and bending
under $245,211,259 of present Stale indebtedness?
Surely the endowment of agricultural colleges
ought not to depend upon the resource* of States
already so oppressively laden, nor upon the come-
by-chance charities of individuals, but upon the
liberal administration of the Government which
has been expressly constituted the trustee of an
ample store for the common benefit of all the
States.
The executive and legislative precedents which
can be arrayed to sustain the principles embodied
in this measure are of great weight and authority.
Commencing with those coeval with the Consti-
tution, and continuing to a recent date, we have
the opinions and acts of men that few at the pres-
ent day would not think it robbery to claim for
any favorite an equality.
Washington brought the subject of agriculture
before Congress in his first message. He thought it
a subject within the constitutional jurisdiction, and
his experience increased that conviction; tor m
his last message, December 7, J79G, he recurs to
it with elaborate argument. lie says:
" It will not be doubted that, with tefeience either to in-
dividual or national welfare, agriculture is or piunu'v im-
portant'*;. In propounm as mm on-? advance in population j
and other circumstances of maturity, tins ta--k becomes; |
more appaiout, and render?; the cultivation of the soil more j
ami more an object of public patronage. Tnsututions lor j
piomotmsj it gimv up, suppoitod bj the public pur^e : and j
to what object can it be dedicated with grentet propnety?" j
Thus we have the very germ of the whole pro-
ject. " The cultivation of the soil," institutions
" supported by the public purse," he exclaims,
" to what object can it be dedicated with greater
propriety It cannot be doubted that donations •
of land for agricultural colleges would have re- '
ceived the approval of Washington. He pro- |
ceeds: j
a I have heretofore proposed to the consideration of Con- i
gress the expediency of establishing a national univeiMty,
and al-o a nnhtuiy academy. The de-ualjk-ne-s of both
these nonunion-, ha* so constantly increased with every
no* view ] have taken oi the subject, that I cannot omit
the opportunity of. once for all, recalling your attention to
them.
4' The assembly to which 1 address myself is too enlight-
ened not to be fully sensible how much a flourishing state
of the art* and sciences contributes to national pro'speuty
and reputation. Tiue it is, that our country, much to its
honor, contain* many seminaries of learning, highly ic-
spectable and useful; but the funds upon which they rest
are too nanow to command the ablest professors in the dif-
ferent depaitments of liberal knowledge for the institution
contemplated, though they would be excellent auxiliaries."
This will be. enough to satisfy all as to the opin-
ions of Washington. Let us now see what were
the opinions of Jefferson. In his sixth message
he thus speaks:
<s Education is here placed among the articles of public
care; not that it would be piopoaed to take its ordinary
branches out of the hands of private enterpuse, which man-
ages so much better all the concerns to winch it is equal;
but a public institution can alone supply those sciences
which, though raiely called for, aie yet noce*saiy to com-
plete the enele, all the paits of winch contribute to (he im-
provement of the country, and some of them to its preserva-
tion.'5
The message goes on to show that if public
moneys were to be used for roads and canals, an
amendment of the Constitution would be neces-
sary, but that land might be used for that purpose
without an amendment. He then proceeds to urge
his favorite university thus:
"The present consideiation of a national establishment
for education, paitieulaily, is rendoicd pioper by tliii en-
cumstance also, that n Congre^*, appioviny the pioposition,
shall yet think it more eligible to found it on a donation of
land*, i hey have it now m their powei |o endow it with those
which will be amongst the earliest to pioduee the necessary
income. This foundation would have the advantage of being
independent in war which may suspend other unpiovo-
j menis, by requiring for ns own purposes the lesourees des-
' tined foi them."
j I submit that here the whole question of con-
■ stitutioiml power is covered, as well ns a power-
! ful argument suggested, by Jefferson.
j For want of tune, all reference to Madison,
i Moni or, and Adams, must be omitted. Jackson
; wos the steadfast friend of apiculture, and the
:• fust, in 1837, to call info the PatentOllice a prac-
tical fanner (Mr. ftllsworth) to collect statistics.
As Senator, General Jackson voted a township of
j land to La Fayette. He approved, June 30,1834,
i of giving thirty-six sections of land to the Polish
| exiles expelled fiom Europe by Austria. lie ap-
proved, Apul 2, 1830, of a bill giving land to a
( State for the consti uction of the Miami canal,
i January 13, 1831, he approved of a bill granting
| a single section for schools, in Lawrence, Mis-
1 sissippi. March 2,1833, an act was passed chang-
j ing the Illinois canal grant, to a railroad grant,
, with obligations attached. This was approved by
General Jackson. That part of the Cumberland
road m Ohio was surrendered in 1831,and thatm
Virginia in 1833, to the respective States, with a
compact that they should keep the same in repair
and collect the tolls—approved by Geueml Jack-
son, and the act decided since to be constitutional
! by the Supreme Court of the United States. Gen-
■ eral Jackson rejected the land bill of 1833, mainly
j for the reason that it first gave to the States
I wherever the lands might be, twelve and a half per
; cent, before there was to be any division among
j the other States. This he denounced as injustice
; and inequality. It is enough to say that no such
, objections can be raised against the division pro-
posed now. Theie can be no question that Gen-
' oral Jackson and the men who cooperated with
, hnu would have approved of grants of land to all
j the States for the benefit of agricultural colleges,
i The bill donating lands to the State of Connee-
; ticut, for a seminary of learning for the deaf and
dumb, passed the Senate in 1319, without even a*
, call of the yens and nays. The bill approved Jan-
uary 29, 16:27, donating lands to Kentucky for a
seminary of learning for the deaf and dumb, passed
! the Senate by a vote of 27 to G; and we find such
! men as King of Alabama, Johnson of Kentucky,
■ Benton of Missouri, Eaton and White of Tennes-
i see, and Woodbury of New Hampshiie, voting
J for the measure. In the House, the bill passed by
- 120 to 43; and among the yeas will be found the
• names of James Buchanan, James K. Polk, Oam-
breleng, Livingston, MeDuffie, and Wickhife.
1 Surely these are no mean authorities on constitu-
tional questions, to be added to the names of Craw-
! ford,Monroe,Calhoun, Webster,Clay,andCfay-
i ton. In 1833, a township of land in Florida was
' granted to Dr. Henry Pernne, to " promote the
cultivation of tropical plants " In 1843, there was j
donated to eaeh of the new States five hundred !
thousand acres of land. The present law, now on i
our Statutes at Large, is, that when duties are
brought down below twenty per cent., the pro-
ceeds of the public lands are to be distributed to
the States. Congress donated to the State of Ten-
nessee, August 6, 1846, of unproductive lands
lying m that State, one million three hundred
thousand acres, on the condition that the State
should endow and establish a college, at an ex-
penseof notless than forty thousand dollars. Over
fifty million acres of swamp lands have been given
to different States. President Taylor, in his mes-
sage of1849, says:
"No direct aid has been given by the Genera! Govern-
ment to the improvement of aguculture, except by the ex-
penditure of small sums for the collection and publication
of agricultural statistics, and tor some chemical analyse-,
which have been, thus fai, paid for out of the patent fund.
Tiny aid, m my opinion, i« wholly inadequate."
President Fillmore, in his message of 1850,
says:
" Agriculture may justly be regarded as the great interest
of oui people. Font fifths of our active population are em-
ployed m the cultivation of the soil; and the expansion of
our settlements ovei new territory w daily adding to the
number engaged in that vocation. Justice and sound policy,
theicfciic, alike lcqune that the Government should use .ill
the means autliou^ed by the Constitution to promote the
interests and welfare of that important class of our tellow-
citizcus. And yet it is a singular (act that, whilst the man -
ufactuiing and commercial interests have engaged the at-
tention oi Congie^s dining a Iaigo portion of every session,
and our statutes abound in provisions for their protection
and encouragement,little has yet been done ducetly foi the
advancement of agucultme. It is time that this reproaeii
to oui legislation should be removed ; and X sinceieiy hope
that the present Congress will not close their labors without
adopting efficient means to supply the omissions of those
who have pieceded them."
The constitutionality of a measure does not
depend upon the amount, but upon the principle
involved. The citations made show that there is
a great preponderance, almost uninterrupted from
the foundation of the Government, of executive,
legislative, and judicial authority, to prove that
the power of Congress to dispose of the public lands
at its discretion is plain, absolute, and unlimited.
The derivative title to a moiety of the lands im-
poses a condition upon the disposal of that portion
so derived—a condition itself persuasively urging
our present object—which is " for the use and
common benefit of all the States."
While agriculture has been a neglected field of
legislation, it does not now call for the exercise
of novel constitutional power. Congress has long
asserted the right to dispose of the public lands
to establish school funds and universities, and no
one now questions the soundness of such a policy.
This measure is but an extension of the same
principle over a wider field—wider in its applica-
tions, but not wider in its amount, for the num-
ber of act es now proposed for all the States is
scarcely larger than have been donated to indi-
vidual States. It is general and not local in its
reach. If we have the power to make special
grants, in particular and individual cases, we cer-
tainly have the power, and it would be far more
just and expedient to exercise it, in its general ap-
plication. Pass this measure and we shall have
done—
Something to enable the farmer to raise two
blades of grass instead of one;
Something for every owner of land;
Something for all who desire to own land;
Something for cheap scientific education;
Something for every man who loves intelligence
and not ignorance;
Something to induce the father's sons and
daughters to settle and cluster around the old
homesteads;
Something to remove the last vestige of pauper-
ism from our land;
Something for peace, good order, and the bet-
ter support of Christian churches and common
schools;
Something to enable sterile railroads to pay
dividends;
Something to enable the people to bear the
enormous expenditures of the national Govern-
ment;
Something to check the passion of individuals,
and of the nation, for indefinite territorial expan-
sion and ultimate decrepitude;
Something to prevent the dispersion of our pop-
ulation, and to concentrate it around the best lands
of our country—places hallowed bychurch spires,
and mellowed by all the influences of time—where
the consumer will be placttfl at the door of the pro-
ducer; and thereby
