1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
they find that the so-called Legislature which or-
dered the calling of a convention have prescribed
that no man shall vote, if challenged, unless he
takes an oath to support that very law, which
they knew perfectly well could not be taken with-
out a violation of the conscience and the honor of
those who presented themselves.
Is this taking the sense of the people of Kansas ?
Is this the mode in which the President would
allow the people of Kansas to express fairly their
views on the point, whether a convention should
be called or not? This was the only mode pre-
sented to the people of Kansas, and this is held
out by the President to the people of the country
as sufficient to entitle them fairly to express then-
own sense on the subject thus submitted to them.
That is information communicated to the coun-
try ! I pray Senators who hear me, as they are
already familiar with it, and those who are here-
after to consider it, to remember the fact that he
states for our information, that the act passed for
the election of delegates was fair in its provisions
Why does he not take the testimony of Governor
Walker and Mr. Stanton on that subject? What
fairness was there in it? It provided for a census
and apportionment. As has been stated, in that
census and apportionment one half the people of
the Territory were excluded.
Mr. COLLAMER. That objection applies not
to the law, but to the execution of the law.
Mr. FGSSENDEN. I know that. He states,
however, that they had a fair opportunity to act.
I am speaking of the result, and inquiring whether
there was any such fair opportunity as to entitle
-him to consider the people of Kansas bound by
the result which followed ? I may have expressed
myself incorrectly, and I am obliged to my friend
for suggesting that this evil was not in tne law.
The law may have been fair on the outside. That
is the argument; all these laws have been fair, and
a fair opportunity has been presented! My ques-
tion is with reference to the opportunity; what
kind of opportunity was presented to the people
of Kansas to settle that question? Although a
census and apportionment were provided for, it
is perfectly notorious—and we have testimony
by which the President is bound, because it is
the testimony of his own officials, of Governor
Walker and Secretary Stanton; we have their
testimony to the fact—that one half the Territory
of Kansas was entirely neglected and unprovided
for. I will not say one half the people, because,
perhaps, the counties thus omitted might not have
been so populous as the rest; but the President
undertakes to say, sneenngly, that it is no objec-
tion that a few scattered people in the remote
counties did not vote. Sir, it has been shown that
a very large and important portion of the Terri-
tory was not included in the census; and we know,
moreover, as a fact which cannot bo contradicted,
and has not been, that even in the counties where
the census was taken, a large number of the peo-
ple were omitted; they were not registered; there
was comparatively avery small numberregistered;
in fact, not one half the people of the Territory.
That matter was so conducted as not to present
to the majority of the people of the Territory an
opportunity of being heard on the election of del-
egates; and yet the President undertakes to say
to the Senate and to the House of Representatives,
and to the world, in this manifesto w hich he has
put forth, that here was a fair opportunity pre-
sented for the people of that Territory to select
delegates of their own peculiar shades of opinion j
to carry out their own will and desire! It is a ;
verycuriouslcind ofinformation he communicates, i
I stated that, in many respects, he had foigotten '
facts notorious,and in other things he had stated i
as facts things notoriously untrue; and I think I ;
am borne out by the record in the assertions I '■
have thus made. Whyshould hespeakofthecom- 1
parativcly few voters omitted ? Did he know how
many there were ? Has there been any census I
taken of those voters in the Territory? Not at '
all. Whence does he derive his information? It I
is a statement without book; an assertion without i
authority; an allegation without proof. What
right has ho to come before the country and thus :
make an assertion which is not upheld by an y '
evidence from any quarter? I
He makes another allegation, which is well
worthy the serious notice of the countrv. It is ::
in a very few words, and I will read it: " 'j
"Tito question of shivery ivai submitted to i,n election ii
of the people of Kansas, on the 21st of December last, in
obedience to tile mandate of the constitution. Here, again
a fair opportunity was presented to the adherents of the
1 opeka constitution, if they were the majority, to decide
tins exeumg question < in their own way,5 and thus restore
peace to the distracted Territory; but they again refused to
exercise their right of popular sovereignty, and again suf-
fered the election to pass by default.
Fair opportun ity to decide the question of sla-
very ! Why, sir, the President makes this alle-
gation on the whole facts before him; with the
constitutions before him, which were submitted
to the people. Calmly and deliberately, in an
argument presented to the people of this country,
he comes before them ^nd says, in his official
character, as communicating information relative
to the state of the Union, that the question of
slavery was fairly submitted to the people of Kan-
sas on the 21st of December. Did not the Presi-
dent know that it was but a choice between two
slave constitutions—two constitutions, both of
which recognized and established slavery in that
Territory ? The facts are familiar to all of us in
the Senate. I hope they are equally familiar to
the country. ^ One of those constitutions author-
ized slavery in the ordinary form, providing that
slaves might be^ brought into the Territory and
held there, but it allowed the people to change
that constitution and that provision; the other
prohibited the introduction of slaves into the Ter-
ritory, but it provided for the perpetuity of the
slavery that already existed there. Those there
were to remain slaves, and their children were to
remain slaves to the remotest ages, and the peo-
ple were prohibited from changing that provision
at all.
Is it not the height of assumption—I will not
use a stronger word with reference to the Presi-
dent of the United States—to put upon paper and
send here, and before the country, the broad as-
sertion that the question of slavery was submitted
to the people of Kansas? Sir, that question never
has been submitted to the peonhi of Kansas.
Nothing has been submitted to that people but a
choice between two slave constitutions; and, for
my life, I am unable to tell which was the worst
of the two. Will any gentleman undertake to
demonstrate to me the contrary? Is there any
possibility of disputing the assertion, and did he
not know it? Had he not read those constitu-
tions? Had not his attention been called to them ?
Does he never read a newspaper? Is he not
aware of what is transpiring before the country
every day, and is admitted as a fact before and by
the people of the country ? It is a matter of as-
tonishment to me that a man occupying that em-
inent position, speaking to the country in a State
paper, speaking in the face of papers which are
to go upon the record, and by which his truth,
or his neglect of it, may be adjudged, could haz-
ard his fame on an assertion so utterly destitute
of foundation, so entirely opposed to fact, as this
assertion.
, lie follows it up by the remark that they had a
| fair opportunity to settle the question of slavery,
j They could only vote, nottoreject both these con-
j stitutions, or one or the other, but they could vote
j to choose between the two, provided thev would
j previously take an oath that they would "support
j the constitution which might have the majority of
j the votes. A man opposed to slavery, believing
; to be wrong, believing it to be unwise, believing
i it to be a curse to the people anions whom it ex-
ists, is presented with two constitutions,and told
tnat ne may vote on one of them provided he will
take an oath to support that which lie believes in
his secret soul to be wicked, and at any rate he be-
lieves to be disastrous to the community in which
it is established; and this is submitted on the
word of the President, on these facts, as a present-
ation fairly of the question of slavery to them, not
only wit.i reference to the question presented, but
to the mode in which they were to act upon and
determine it. I think it requires a wonderful de-
gree of courage in any man, especiallya man hold-
ing the posmon which the President of the United
plates holds, to make an assertion thus unfounded
m fact.
But, sir, he offers us some remedies; he offers
the people of Kansas remedies. He tells us that,
atter alt, it they do notlikc this constitution, there
if no diiKculty in getting i id of it; that is to say,
tjiat the constitution may be changed. Does he j
not know, do we not know, is there a man among
us who does not understand, that when that con-
stitution is once fastened on the people of Kansas,
it is next to impossible to get rid of it for a; series
of years, although a majority may exist against
it, except by violence ? WhM have we witnessed ?
w e have seen the votes of two thousand five hun-
dred people—for Secretary Stanton says that is
about the number—or, at most, three thousand
people in favor of slavery overweigh and override
the votes of ten thousand, or twelve thousand,
or fifteen thousand people; I do not know how
many, but four, or five, or six times as many.
We have seen this result over and over again pro-
duced by the act of their officials. How easy is
it for unscrupulous men to control the polls, hav-
ing the authority which has been exercised by
those men there heretofore, and is exercised now ?
If Mr. John Calhoun and his associates can get
majorities as he has obtained them recently, how
easy will it be for them, when in possession of all
the forms of law of which the honorable Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has spoken, and in
possession of the Government, to control it still?
Let us look at the operation of it for a moment.
A Legislature is to be elected. The judges of the
election have control of the polls; the individuals
desirous of producing a certain result have control
of the election; they record the votes; they return
the votes; they may make any number of them
as they have made any number of them. What
chance is there, then, to obtain a Legislature who
will submit the question of a change of the con-
stitution to the people? And if it is submitted to the
people, with the same men having control of the
polls who have had it before, or men actuated by
the same principles, what opportunity presents
itself for a fair vote of the people on it ? The only
remedy is revolution; and the President knew it
when he suggested the idea of changing the con-
stitution as a remedy. The only remedy is the
last resort to arms and physical force; and what
chance would the people of Kansas have then?
The Governor or the Legislature calls on the Chief
Magistrate of the nation and states to him that
there is domestic insurrection in Kansas. The
troops of the United States, of which my friend
from New York is so ready to vote an increase,
are under tile control of the President, and on his
requisition are marched to Kansas for the purpose
of suppressing that insurrection. What is the re-
sult? What opportunity, I ask again, would the
people of Kansas have under those circumstances
to rid themselves, by a change of their constitu-
tion , of that which had been thus forced upon them?
But the Presiden t makes another very singular
suggestion, one which shows his great regard for
law and his great knowledge of the principles of
law. He suggests one remedy they will have;
that after they have come into the Union as a
State, they will then have the power to punish
i those who have committed these frauds. It is
very much like shutting the stable door after the
steed is stolen, if you can do it; but this is the
first time 1 have ever heard it suggested by the
I Chief Magistrate of the nation that an ex post
j facto law could be passed and persons punished
I for committing frauds for which there was no pun-
I ishment at the time they were committed. What,
sir, here are frauds committed in the Territory of
Kansas, and the President tells us that it is very
easy to get along with them because, after you are
admitted as a State, you may punish the persons
who have committed these frauds ! I should like
to know of my honorable friend from Louisiana,
[Mr. 13enjamiv,] with all his acutenessand knowl-
edge of legal and constitutional principles, in what
mode he would set about to do it? If yo  could
do it, it would afford buta very poor satisfaction,
after the whole evil for which the frauds were
committed had been consummated.
|: The whole argument of the President is founded
j | on the idea that all the proceedings in Kansas
|! have been legal on the one side and illegal oil the
'! other. I propose to examine that position. If
I you read the message of the President carefully,
j you will see that that is the outline of the whole,
j It wastheargumentofthehonorableSenatorfrom
j Georgia, [Mr, Toombs,] the other day, that here
| was legality on the one side and illegality on tho
; other; and that having these two to choose be-
i tween, of course he must sustain that which was
legal. How does the President undertake to es-
| tablish it? In the first place, he asserts that the
■ organic lav/ establishing the Territory was in
