THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY", JUNE 8, 1858.
New Series No. 171.
the memory of Hon. J. Pinckney IIenoehson, deceased,
late a Senator from the Suite of Texas, will go into mourn-
ing, for the residue of the present session, by the usual mode
or wearing crape on the left arm.
Revived, unanimously, That the members of the Senate
will attend the funeral of the deceased, fiom the Senate
Chamber, at three o'clock to morrow ; and that the com-
mittee of arrangements, eoii^istin^ of Messrs. Bayard, Cam-
eron, Clay, Wade, Hammond, and Seward, superintend
the same
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate these proceed-
ings to the House of llepief-entatives.
Attest: ASBURY D fCKINS, Secretary.
Mr. BRYAN. Mr. Speaker, the announce-
ment just made from the Senate reminds us that
another has been stricken from the roll of great
men.
Texas again sorrows. She has lost her Rusk
and her Henderson- !
She comes amon-j you, Representatives of the
States united, a stricken State, llermi^hty men
have fallen. She weeps for the loss of tho gifted
and the able, the eloquent and the chivalrous.
Henderson was a soldier by nature, a statesman
by experience, knowledge, and wisdom; a good
man from heart and reason.
He stood in the front rank of southern patriots
and Texan heroes. True to his friends, false to
nent success, until he was called by the voice of
his State to fill the place of the illustrious Rusk.
This position he did not seek; it was thrust upon
him. Would that he had never accepted it; for,
had he not, lie would now be within the influence
of the balmy clime of Cuba. He was in Havana
when the political strife upon the Kansas ques'
: cation that the members from Texas desired that
I should take part in adding a tribute to the tnem-
] ory of their deceased Senator. Withoutany prep-
aration, therefore, I come before the House to
; give my full approval to all that has been so elo-
, quently said by my friend from Texas [Mr. Biiy-
I A;j"l 'n regard to the talents, character, and virtues
sir,
tion within these Halls was at its height. Re- |l of the lamented Senator from Texas' It is
lieving that his duty to tho South and country ,, hut a few months since I was called upon simi-
required his presence here, he came; he came to j Jarly in this House to make some remarks upon
fall a martyr to his fidelity to the totate oi Ills love j. the melancholy announcement of the death of the
and the institutions of his section. \ late Thomas J. Husk,Senator from Texas. Since
Although for a Ions; time he refused to accept : that time our sister State* yetgrievin0* for the loss
©fhee, yet, m retirement, he never forgot the du- ; of her distinguished and deceased Senator, pro-
ties of the citizen. He was an active State-rights ceeded to select, from among her most patriotic
Uemociat, of the Calhoun school; and, as such, j; and well-tried men, a representative of her sov-
contnbuted us much as, if not more than, any other j! ereignty, to fill the place vacated by the death of
man in his State, to bringing Texas to the present ; the lamented Rusk. Following die direction of
high position she now occupies among her sisters j! general public sentiment, the Legislature unani-
oftheboulh. ^ ^ 11 mously selected for th is prominen t and responsible
1 Le regarded the continued agitation of the sla- station J. Pincknky Henderson, whose lamented
j very question as full of peril to the Union, and as
; humiliating to the sovereign States of the South,
: and destructive of their lights in the Union. He
| regarded the opposition to slavery as having en-
, tered into tho head and heart of the great masses
honest, in entei laming this opposition. He bc-
! lievcd that nothing could save* the South in the
j Un ion hut union and decisive action on the part ter wot Id.
no man or cause, he was elevated to the seat that 1 j °t* the people at the North, and thai they were
death has just vacated, by the unanimous voice of
the Representatives of his State—a place once
filled by a Rusk; and which, had health and life
been aecoided to him, would have been honoied
by ft hf vdiirsont.
You cannot know him as uv in Texas knew
him. liad he been spared to us in his usefulness
and vigor of health and mind, you would have
admired, esteemed, and loved him. His character
was frank and liberal, of indomitable will and pu-
rity of purpose, with great originality of thought
and action. He scorned everything like trick or
artifice; with a free spirit and an un trammeled
mind, he would have been the Rusk and the Clay
of the Senate. This may strike some as language
too strong. It is what I mean, and, because be-
lieving it to be true, I speak it. Engaged by his
bed-side in his last moments, and since in his be-
half, I have had no time to prepare such remarks
■ death has just been so eloquently announced by
i the member from Texas, [Air. Bryan.]
, The gailands cast upon the tomb of the late
; illustrious Rusk are scarcely withered ere we are
j again called upon to sympathize with our sister
, State in the los«5 of an equally worthy and dis-
: tingmshed successor, who had scarcely taken his
seat befoi t; hu wit* summoned to another andbet-
of theSon'h. For he thought, until the South
11 convinced the North that they were united in wis-
dorn, fueling, and action, upon that great ques-
;j tion, which rises superior to every other, so long
j! would they of the North regard the protests of the
11 South as idio tales made for political effect only.
!| Hence he was opposed to any concession in the
,, late contest upon the Kansas question. AVe cor-
i; dially confeired and acted together up to the vote
;i upon the conference bill.
ij A short time before the vote was taken in the
!! House, he sent for me to come to him m the
j! Senate Chamber. We then finally determined
our course. We were both opposed to the meas-
|! ure. He said that he could not vote for it; but,
ji rising superior to and far beyond the feelings of the
as are appropriate to the occasion. Consequently, |; politician, looking at the future with tho forecast
I can give but little information as to his early life, i; of a statesman, he said, " I cannot vote for the
Horn in Lincoln conntv. North Onrcmnn. on tho b bill, but I cannot be instrumental in dividing the
Horn 111 Lincoln county, North Carolina, on the
31st of Match, 180d, he grew up in that State, in
body and 111 mmd, as stiaight as the pines of the
old North State. He fitted himself for tho law,
and was practicing with success his profession
when the wail of Goliad and the stern cry of the
Alamo reached his ears.
His noble soul was moved to decisive action,
lie left the scenes and friends of lus childhood
for the rough life oPa Texan soldier. He came
to Texas as a volunteer m 183G, and entered the
army as a bngadiergeneral. When the army was
disbanded, he was appointed Attoi ney General in
the cabinet of the President of Texas. Ho was
bill, but I cannot be instrumental m dividing the j
South: I would rather know that I am right than j
aid error for the sake of appearing right; conse- |
quently, I will not vote at all." These statements j
1 make as an act of justice to the lamented Sen- j
ator, so that it may go back to his people that he '
was ever mindful of the interests and honor of |
Texas. He died yusteiday of disease of the lungs, .
at half past five, p.m., with his accomplished and 1
bereaved wife, Ins physician, my colleague, and :
myself, at Ins bedside. j
He letained his consciousness to the last mo- .
ment. Ilislast intelligible words were, " It is my ,
'.ist prayer.'' ile has too soon followed (to join'
afterwards appointed Secretary of State. In 1638 |> his ftiend and partner, the noble Rusk. Texas
lie was sent as minister to France, where he re-
mained three years. He here met with his wife,
Miss Cox, of Philadelphia. On his return to
Texas ho was offered a situation in the cabinet,
which he declined.
He commenced the practice of the law, with
General Husk as paitner, in Eastern Texas, In
1843 he was associated with the lesident minister
at Washington, Mr. Van Zandt, to negotia'e a
treaty of annexation with the United Suites Gov-
ernment. Ho was a member of the convention
that framed the State constitution of Texas, and
was inaugurated the first Governor of the State
after annexation.
In the war with Mexico, as major general, he
commanded the Texan troops called into the ser-
vice of the States. His gallantry at Monterey
placed upon his brow the laurel of the soldier,
while his ability as a statesman had previously !l
obtained for him the civic wreath. :!
Upon the expiration of his gubernatorial term |
he returned to his home at San Augustine, nnd '
resumed the practice of his profession, with emi-
171
moutns the loss oi' her noble sons. A great peo-
ple weep over their bier. I
" There i-, a teai ioi ail who the, '
Ami/iuiii'i o'fi the hunible-f >_' ave ; ;
J5nt nation-- •swell the ttnietal «. i \, !
And ti111idp!i wiviij a!)u\o the brave." '
Mr. Spenkei, 1 o:Fei the following resolutions:
ileiolccd, Thai the oi" it •]ire>enlativc> oi the ['lil-
ted State* li.iv reeuiv. ;! v  ilh 'he de'MK^t . euMuJi! > inU !h-
ireiico oft lie <lc;itU oi J. l\ JIl*<olr&o.v a Seua'oi nom the
Suto oi'Tersar-
llaolrcth Tiia! the ami member;- of the House of
llc|).-e.sei,tative* u ill wear the u.-iul kiikre of j.ioiuuuu,' for '
tinny <Uys, a - a t. sinnony of .he iexpect this, UouMi untcr- i
tain* for the i>ieinor\ of the deceased. '
Resolved, That the ofnoeis and men.hers of the IIou«e of i
Repieseiitiinve?, m a body, will am ml the Inaeiai ot J. P. :
Hi:ndj:ks-.o\' on to-inonow at thmy o'clock, p. m., in the i
Chamber of the Senate.
Ilesoheil, That the pioceedin^ of tins Ilou-e. in iclauon ,
to the death ot J. 1', Hi njl-hmin. be coininunieatud to the !
famiiv '">t* tho deceased iiy rho Tiei-'c I
ilc-.o/re.', Tiiat,o- n father m..:k of re-=p^ct for the mem- •
ory of tne deceased, Jlou>e do now adjouiu. i
Mr. QJTITMAN. It was but an hour before |
the meeting of the House that J received a notifi- 1
Thu^, in the short s'pace of a few months, we
have twice been called upon to mourn with Texas
m her irreparable bereavements. There is, Mr.
Speaker, a retnaikable parallel between the his-
■ tory and character of timsc two men, who have
sueceedt.d one another so rapidly in tho Senate. '
They were friends, and at one time partners in
the practice of their profession. Roth, for simi-
lar reasons, emigtaled to Texas in 2H3G; both
! took prominent part in the war of their independ-#
: ence, and m the construction and afterwards the
1 administration of the government whieh wns
! founded upon the success of that war. Doth were
i ardent friends of annexation; and, at last, both
; were appointed representatives of their State in
! the Senate of the United States, and died in the
1 performance of their duties. Both enjoyed tho
entire confidence of the people of their State, and
I both departed to then* long homes withouta stain
! or imputation upon their private character.
I General Husk had, from his long services in
: the Federal counciN, acquired more reputation
beyond the limits of Texas: but it is believed by
all who knew General that, had he
been favored with an opportunity of displaying
his talents and statesmanship, the high traits of
chaiac'er which he possessed, he would soon
have been placed amongst the first statesmen of
the country.
I knew him personalty well, both ns a soldier
and statesman. We were associated m the attack
upon Moirn r<-y, i;i th'  war with Mexico. Wo
assimilated in pohucnl ererds, and after the Mex-
ican war we frequently corresponded upon polit-
ical subjects. General ilEXDmi^ex's. public and
private character was unblemished and without
a stain, and he had traits of chaiocter which at
once attneted the iUtention of nil who had the
<rood fortune to form lus acquaintance. lie was
fiank, hi'^h-toned, and honorable, without gosh-
oi du-iituulaUun. Abhoning deception in politic ti
matters, as wull as in private transactions, he gave
his opinions on all subp'cts with candor and truth,
never prnencjng or countenancing dissiimilatKm
on any subject. It was these bold and prominent
ti aits that ..equina! for him in his own State that
high reputation and confidence which few ever
acquire timotr; then- feiiow men. It was these
noble qualities that drew forth my admiration and
respect. I rose, however, Mr. Speaker, nn-n.ly
to add a few woids to what has been mid by rny
fuend from Texas,and to second the resolution*
which have been presented by him.
The resolutions were then e'jreed to; and the
House aecouhn^ly (at two o'clock", p. m.) ad-
journed.
