1612
TffiE 'OONGRISSSgdNAL
February 8,
itself an enabling act. 1 suppose that I might as
.•well leave this point to the examination of the
honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.]
He will deal with it, X have no doubt, when the
time comes; but I think he must have been as
nauch surprised as X was when he found the Pres-
ident asserting, in plain and unmistakable lan-
guage, that there was no need of an enabling act
from Congress, because the Kansas organic law
itself provided one. The idea is new. I never
heard it suggested until it was hinted at by the
honorable Senator from Missouri on a previous
occasion, and he did not seem to make much of
it; but the President has taken it up. I should
like to know of any Senator here whether the
idea, as thus presented, is notone that comes upon
him by surprise from the authority from which
it emanates on this occasion.
Now, I wish to read this clause of the message
for another purpose, because there is something
remarkable about it:
c£ That this law recognized the right of the people of the
Territory, without any enabling act lrom Congress, to form
■a State constitution, is too cloa'r for aigumcnt. For Con-
gress ; to leave the people of tiie Territory perfectly free,'
in framing their constitution, 'to tonn antl regulate their
domestic institutions in their own way, subject only to the
Constitution of the United States,' and then to say that they
Should notbe permitted to proceed and frame a constitution
in their own way without an express authority tioiri Con-
gress, appeats to be almost a contradiction in terms."
Be it remarked that in order to establish this
position, the President is obliged to interpolate
words into that clause of the organic act which are
not found in it originally. Those words are: "in
framing their constitution." There are no such
words m the act. Undoubtedly, if that clause had
provided that the people might, in framing their
constitution, have arranged their institutions to
suit themselves, the idea might be supported; but
the words are not in the original provision. He
assumes that they are. He makes that lntei pre-
tation,and then draws his own inference from that
interpretation thus introduced into the organic
act.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Maine will
allow me, I will, in that connection, show that the
author of the Kansas bill puts precisely the same
interpretation on it which the President does. In
the report made to Congress on the J 2th of March,
1856, by the Senator from Illinois,! find this lan-
guage:
" Is not the organization of a Territory eminently neees-
saiy and piopci a-- a moans of enabling tile people thereof
to lotin and mold their local and domestic institution;-, and
establish a State government uiuier the authoiuy of the
constitution, preparatory to its admission into the Ltjhoii ;'j
I read from page 4 of the report, in which it is
stated to be eminently proper and necessary for
two purposes; first, to enable tbem to regulate and
mold their institutions to suit themselves; and,
second, to form a constitution preparatory to then-
admission into the Union. If the author of the
bili put that interpretation on it in a report made
to Congress,! see nogreatharm in the President
putting the same construction on it. I think it
was the true interpretation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It makes no difference to
me what construction the Senator from Illinois put
on that act at any time. I do not, however, agree
with the Senator from Mississippi, that the lan-
guage he has read carries any such idea with it;
but I shall leave it to the Senator from Illinois, if
ho chooses, to settle that question with the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, and with the President.
What I have to do is to comment on what the
President says. I say that it is a new idea, never
before suggested in my hearing, (and I believe I
have heard this controversy from the beginning,)
that the organic iaw was to be construed as an en-
abling act, until it comes authoritatively, for the
first time, from the President of the United States.
f do not blame him in one sense; it was neces-
sary to his argument; without it, that argument
fails; but in another sense I do blame him for it,
and that is this: in undertaking to quote the lan-
guage of a clause in a law of Congress, I think
he should not interpolate words into it which are
not there, and hold out the idea that those words
actually exist, or are clearly and distinctly implied,
when there is nothing in the act itseif to authorize
anything of that description. Let me read this act.
It has been read some thousands of times before,
but perhaps it cannot be read too often—I mean
this clause:
" It being the true intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavery into any territory or State, nor to exclude it
therefrom, but to leave tile people thereof"—
Here the President inserts " in framing their
constitution, "but" in framing theirconstitution"
is not there.
—" perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic insti-
tutions m their own way, subject only to the Constitution
of the United States."
It is very plain that it was not intended that that
should be an enabling act; because, if it had been
so intended, it would have been so specifically
stated. The words, "in framing their constitu-
tion," would have been inserted. At any rate,
some particular portion of that act would have
been found, in which the authority was specifically
given to the people of Kansas to frame a consti-
tution under it, and under that constitution to ask
admission into the Union; but nothing of that
kind is found. Isit possible, can anybody believe,
that the Congress of the United States in framing
a law to organize a Territory, and intending by
that law to confer on the people of the Territory
the power to frame a constitution, and under that
constitution to come into the Union, would have
left it to be inferred from language which, in fact,
conveys no such idea? The idea is preposterous.
Again, we all know that nothing of the kind was
ever held out in any debate that took place on that
occasion. Nobody supposed that under that or-
ganic act there was authority conferred to frame
a State constitution preparatory to admission into
the Union. There is nothing in the terms of the
provision which I have read, nothing in the terms
of the act anywhere, which could lead to the con-
clusion that any such authority was either given
or intended to be given in any manner what-
ever.
I should like to ask any man, and the President
of the United States particularly, who contends
that this is an enabling act, of what benefit in that
clause are the words "subject only to the Consti-
tution of the United States," if the clause was
intended to say and only to say to the people of
the Territory of Kansas,"you are at liberty, when
you frame a constitution preparatory for admis-
sion into the Union, if you choose, to frame your
domestic institutions in your own way ?" Of what
benefit, let me ask anybody, is it, to add at the
end uf the sentence " provided you do not in any
manner contravene the provisions of the Consti-
tution of the United States !" Mustnottbe State
constitution when framed come before us? Must
it not be presented to us for our action, and if
there is a provision in itcontrary to theConstitu-
tion of the United States, have we not power to
reject it? The very fact that the words " subject
only to the Constitution of the United States,"
are left in the act, goes to prove most conclusively
beyond all dispute, that the object was not to con-
fer on the people of XIansas that authority when
they were forming their constitution, but to con-
fer oil them that authority to be exercised while
they wore a Territory, and with reference to their
territorial institutions alone. The people of a
Territorymay very well be thus limited while they
remain a Territory. While they are acting under
their organic law framing institutions to regulate
themselves at that time; confining themselves to
that, it may be very good sense to say that while
you are thus a Territory you shall frame no insti-
tutions that are contrary to the Constitution of
the United States; but if it was conferring on
them the authority toform a constitution, of what
use is it to say—are not the words thrown away
as perfectly inoperative—" subject to the Consti-
tution of tiie United States?" that is, you may
make a constitution, but it must be such a con-
stitution as does not contravene the Constitution
of the United States. That very clause shows
that it was not intended as an enabling act.
It was not considered to bean enabling act. I
should like to ask the honorable Senator from
Georgia, if he considered it an enabling act, why
he so soon afterwards introduced a bill into this
body, which was passed by the Senate, to enable
the people of Kansas to form a State constitution ?.
Was that construction put on it at the celebrated
meeting at the house of the Senator from Illi-
nois, when that enabling act was agreed upon to
be reported to Congress, and to be carried through
Congress, if possible ? Was it supposed that the
organic act itself contained an enabling act, ren-
dering that unnecessary, and that under it the peo-
ple of the Territory of Kansas might go forward
and form a State constitution preparatory to being
admitted into the Union? It was not the construc-
tion placed on it by the Democratic party, by the
friends of the bill, and the honorable Senator
from Georgia thinks the friends of the bill are
those who alone are competent to understand and
construe it, and that nobody else can understand
itproperly. I point his attention, therefore, to his
own construction, and! ask him if he considered
that clause of the organic act on which I have
been commenting, and on which the President
commented, and into which he interpolated the
words of which I have spoken, as an enabling act
authorizing the people of Kansas to frame a State
constitution ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I will answer the question with
pleasure. I did not then, do not now, and never
have so considered it. Nor do I consider an ena-
bling act necessary. I think it oftentimes a con-
venient mode. I act with or without it, according
to the circumstances of the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very happy to get
that admission from the Senator from Georgia.
It is made with his customary frankness and clear-
ness. Having admitted it, I propose to ask him
another question; if it was not an enabling act,
where does he get the legality of all these proceed-
ings of the Legislature of Kansas ? If they had no
authority conferred on them by Congress to call
a convention for the purpose of framing a constitu-
tion preparatory to the admission of that Territory
into the Union as a State, where does the legality
of their action come from ?
Mr. TOOMBS. The Territorial Legislature.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What authority had they?
They had no such authority conferred on them.
They might call a convention to petition; they
could not make it binding. Unless Congress con-
fers the authority on a particular Legislature to
do that very act, what authority has that Legis-
lature more than another? What can they do but
petition? What can they do but recommend? The
authority is not given them; they must derive it
from somebody. True, they have power to legis-
late; but this is not a proper subject oflegislation
unless the authority is conferred on them to make
it binding. My answer to the whole of the Pres-
ident's argument on that point, and to the argu-
ment of the Senator from Georgia on that point,
is, that if this is not an enabling act, which the
Senator from Georgia admits it is not, then there
is no more legality in the act of the Legislature of
Kansas, in calling a convention, than there is in
the act of the people of Kansas calling the To-
peka convention. They can do it in the one form
or the other, provided they do it peaceably; and
yet, on that the whole argument is predicated.
The President, or the person who drew this mes-
sage, whoever he may have been, saw the diffi-
culty. It was a part of his object to show and to
convince the country that here was legality on one
side and illegality on the other; and therefore he
interpolates the words of which I have spoken
into this provision of the organic law, and says,
after that interpolation, that the organic law is
itself an enabling act. If correct in that, he is cor-
rect in his conclusion. The Senator from Georgia
says he is not correct in it. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Georgia, and therefore, as I think, the
conclusion does not follow. There is no legality
in it; that is to say, there is no binding legality.
What right had the Legislature to act conclusive-
ly on that subject? to say " we appoint a place of
meeting at such a time; the people of Kansas may
come and vote at such a time; and we prescribe
a test oath to those who may choose to vote on
thequesdon of callinga convention ?" Who gave
them authority to make that test oath, and ap-
ply it to the people of Kansas ? Where did they
get it? It is precisely as much rebellion as was
the formation of theTopeka constitution, against
the constituted government, although done by the
Legislature. This Legislature having no such au-
thority conferred on them, not having the right
to call a convention given them by the original or-
ganic law, undertake to say that at such a day, and
such an hour of the day, the people of Kansas shall
vote on the question of whether a convention shall
be called to make a constitution, and only such
persons as take a particular kind of oath shall be
allowed to vote. Where did they get the authority
to make any such rule ? From the organic law ?
No, says the Senator from Georgia; no, say I,
and no must every man say who is not at liberty
