1698
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
April 20,
Maclay, McQueen, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Millson,
Moore, Edward Joy Morris, Mott, Parker, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Phillips, Pike, Purvianee,ReiJIy, Ritchie, Ituffin, San-
didjfe, Scales, Searing, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, John
Sherman, Singleton, Samuel A- Smith, William Smith,
Stall worth, Stanton, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Taibot,
George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Walbridge, Israel Washburn,
White, Whiteley, Wilson, Winsiow, Woodson, Worten-
dyke, Augustus B.. Wrigbt, and John V. Wright—97.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CURTIS stated that he was opposed to
the bill in all its forms, and had paired off with
Mr. Faulkner.
Mr. COBB stated that he voted " ay," be-
cause, as the previous question had been ordered,
there would be no opportunity to amend the bill,
but they must take it just as it stood.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the fol-
lowing substitute [Mr. Dodd*s] for the Senate
bill, reported yesterday from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union:
A bill to establish an efficient police for the city of Wash-
ington.
That the boards of the City Council of the city of Wash-
ington shall forthwith appoint commissioners of election,
according to the charter of said city, who shall, on four
days' nonce after the passage of this act, hold an election
for the choice of four commissioners of police, in manner
following: At such election each voterof the city of Wash-
ington shall vote for two persons for commissioners of po-
lice, and no ballot shall be counted that contains more than
two names j and the four persons having the highest num-
ber of votes shall be declared elected, and two of them shall
hold their offices for two years, and two of them for one
year from the day of said election; and the person having
the greatest and the person having the lowest number of
votes shall be the two to go out of office at the end of one
year; and if any two have the same and the highest or the
lowest number of vote^, such two shall draw lots between
themselves to determine which shall go out of office; and
there shall be an election on the same day every succeed-
ing year, held as above directed, for two commissioners of
police, at which each voter shall vote for one person only,
and no ballot shall be counted that contains more than one
name; and the two persons having the highest number of
votes sbali be declared elected, and shall hold their office
for two years from the day of their election; and the said
four commissioners of pniiee shall constitute a board, to any
act or resolution whereof the assent of three of said board,
entered on its minutes in writing, shall be necessary ; and
said board is hereby invested with power to apjioint and re-
move, at their pleasure, the police force hereinafter provided
for, and also to appointand remove, at their pleasuie, such
police force as now exists under the'authority of the boards
of the City Council, or may be hereafter established; and
the said board shall make rules and regulations for the gov-
ernment of all the said police authorized by this act or by
the said boards of the said City Councils.
Sec. 2. .find be it further enacted, That there be estab-
lished a police force for the piotection of public and piivate
pioperty, and for the enfoicemcnt of the police insulations
of the city of Washington, toeonsistof acluefat an annual
salary of $2,000, one captain at an annual salary of.^l.SOO,
four lieutenants at an annual salary of SdOOeach. and one
hundred men at an annual salary of $6oG each, to be paid
monthly.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the guard hereby
established shall be divided by the chief into squads of con-
venient s-ize; and the chief is authorized and empowered to
establish guard-houses at such points in the city of Wash-
ington as he m^y designate, subject, however, to the ap'
proval of the commissioners aforesaid.
Sec. 4. Andbeit further enacted, That there shall be paid
to each commissioner chosen and serving under this act an
annual salary of $1,000.
Sec. 5. Jlndbeit further enacted^ That the sum of $5,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated annually as a con-
tingent fund, to be expended under the direction of the com-
missioners of police, to carry out the purpose* of this act m
the suppression of crime ami detection of criminals m the
city of Washington.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That eacli member of
the guard shall be required4-e wear a uniform dress at all
hours whyn on duty, and on his hat. or cap, or brea.-t, bueli
number as may be assigned him. The captains and lieu-
tenants, at all times, day and night, shall wear an official
badge; and said uniform?, badges, and numbers, hereby
required to ba worn, shall also be prescribed by the chief,
and shall be made public in the newspapers in Washington
for one month after first prescribed, and shall not thereafter
be changed.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted^ That the sum ofg75,000,
or so much thereoi as may be necessary to carry this act
into efleet, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of
anv money in the Treasuiy not otherwise appropriated.
bEc. 8. And he it further enacted, That each member of
the police force, before entering upon the discharge of his
duty, shall take and'subscribe an oath or affirmation to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States, and faithfully
and impartially discharge his duties as such.
Sec 9. And he it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts heretofore passed, authorizing or relaiing to the em-
ployment of an auxiliary watch, or guard, be, and the same
are hereby, repealed.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I understand that, if the substitute
of the gentleman from New York should be voted
down, the House would then be brought to a vote
upon the Senate bill, just as it came from the
Senate.
The SPEAKER. Without any amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. What will be
the precise question if the substitute shall be voted
down r
The SPEAKER. The only remaining prop-
osition for the House to vote upon will" be the
Senate bill as it came from the Senate, without
amendment. The question will be upon the third
reading of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. What has become of the
House bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair believes the House
bill is in Committee of the Whole. It was not
reported to the House.
Mr. HUGHES. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 90, nays 101; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst,
Bingham, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Bur-
roughs, Case, Chaffee, Ezra. Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Co-
mins, Covode, Cragm, Damrell, Davis of Maryland, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Durfiee, Edie, Eustis, Farnswortb, Fenton, Poster, Giddmgs,
Gilman, Gooch, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
J. Morrison Harris, Hill, Hoard, Howard, Kellogg, Kilgore,
tCnapp, Leach, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Maynard,
Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac
N. Morris, Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Mur-
ray, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike. Potter,
Pottle, Purviance, Ricand, Ritchie,- Robbing, Roberts, i
Royce, John Sherman, Judson W.Sherman,Spinner.Stan- 1
ton, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe, Un- 1
d^rwood, Wade, Walbridge, WaJdron, Walton, Israel
Washburn, Wilson, and Zollicoffer—90. :
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Aid, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, 11
Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock, Bonhara, Bowie, Boyce, Bur- i
nett, Burns, Campbell, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay, 1
Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, John Coehrane, Cockerill. Corn- ',
ing, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, i
Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Dewart, DowdelUEdmundson, j
Elliott, Florence, Foley, Gartrell, Goode, Greenwood, j
Gregg, Groesbeck, Lawrence W.'Hall, Haskin, Hatch,
Hawkins, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jewett, George W.
Jones, J. Gtancy Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Landy, }
Lawrence, Leidy, Leiter, Letcher, Maclay, McKibbm, ;
McQueen, Mason, Miles, Miller, Millson, Moore, Niblack, <
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Quitman, Reagan,
Reilly, Ruffin, Russell, Suiulidge, Seales, Scott, Seward, '■<
Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Siugleton, William '
Smith, Stalhvorth, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, 1
George Taylor, Miles Taylor, YVard, Warren, Ellihu B. 1
Washburnc, WaiKins, White, Whiteley, Winsiow, Wood,
and John V. Wright—101. ;
So the substitute was rejected.
Pending the call of the roll, :
Mr. READY stated that he had paired off upon
this vote with his colleague, Mr. Smith.
Mr. HARLAN stated that Mr. Kelsey was
confined to his room by illness.
The question then recurret^on ordering the bill
to a third reading.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that i
i the bill be laid upon the table, and on that motion :i
I demand the yeas and nays. !i
The yeas and nays were ordered. j:
The question was taken; and it was decided in 1
the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 79; as follows: 1
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Avery, Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Blair, Bh s, Brayton, Buffinton, Burllngame,
Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson,
Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cox,
Cragin, James Craig. Crawfotd, Damrell. Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mas>achusetts, Davis of :
! Iowa, Dawes, Dick, Durfee, Udip, Eu^tis, Farnswortb, i.
: Fenton, Foley, Foster, Gihnan, Gooch, Goodwin, Grangei, .
' Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Hailan, J. Mor- ,
i rison Hruns,ThomasL. Harris, flaskm, Hill, Hoard, How- |
ard, Kellogg, Kilgore, Knapp, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, ■
Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Montgomery, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman i
H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Niblack, Nichols, 1
Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Phelps, Pike, Potter, Pottle, :
Purviance, Quitman, Ready, Reagan, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rob- ;
bins, Roberts, Royce, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Judson .
W. Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Thayer, Thomp- J
son, Tompkins, Tnppe, Underwood, Wade, Walbridge, j
Waldron, Walton. Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, • j
Wilson, Wood, Woodson, and Zollicoffer—II1. ; •
NAYS—Messis. Adrain, Ahl, Atkins, Barksdule, Bishop, ; j
Bocock, Bonham. Bowie, Boyce, Burnett, Chapman. John !
B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Chngman, John Cochrane, Cock- |
erill, Corning, Burton Craige, Curry, Davidson, Dewart, ;
Dowdell, EdrrfUndson, Elliott, Florence, Gartrell, Goode, :
Greenwood, Qregg, Hatch, Hawkins Houston, Hughes', i
Huyler, Jackson, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy i
Jones, Owen Jones, Kent, Kelly,"Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, !
Letcher, Maclay, McKibbtu, McQueen, Miles, Million, '
Moore, Pendleton, Peyton, Phillips, Reilly. Ruflin, ^an-
didge, Scales, Scotr. Sealing, Seward, Henrv M. Shaw, j
Shorter, Singleton, William Smith, Staliworth," Stevenson, '
James A. Stewait. Talbot. George Taylor, Miles Taylor, 1
Ward, Warren, White, Whiteley, Winsiow, Wortendvke, .1
and John V. Wright—79. 'i
So the bill was laid upon the table. ji
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to 1
reconsider the vote just taken, and also move that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CUNGMAjNF. I demand the regular or-
der of business.
PURCHASE oV LAND FOR FORTIFICATIONS.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the special committee appointed by this
House to investigate the fhcts and circumstances connected
with the purchase of Wiilett's Point, in the State of Nevv
York, by the Government of the United States, be directed
to extend their investigations to the facts and ciFcimfrtaiice*
connected with tiie purchase of Clark's Point, in New Bed-
ford, in the State of Massachusetts, by the same.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce a bill for ref-
erence.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order
is House bill No. 2, donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts, on which the previous question has
been called.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. Seward in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN stated the first business in
order to be a bill (H. R. No. 62) making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1859.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the iirst
reading of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to; and the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read the bill by sections for amendment.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I confess,
Mr. Chairman, that, after the long discussion
which we have heard here on this floor in regard
to the question of the admission of Kansas under
the Lecompton constitution, I feel no small de-
gree of embarrassment in approaching that sub-
ject. Indeed, after having refrained from enter-
ing the chase while the game was fairly afoot, I
should not, at this late hour, have sought the in-
dulgence of the committee, were it not for the
strange and extraordinary speech of my colleague
from the fifth district, [Mr. Gilmer,] which it is
now my purpose to review in the brief hour
which is allotted to me on this occasion. In do-
ing this, I desire to premise that I have no com-
plaint to make on account of my colleague's
votes against the admission of Kansas, although
I believe they are in direct opposition to the rights
and interests of his constituents and mine, and
tending to the perpetration of an act by this Con-
gress which is characterized by the leading Know
Nothing organ in North Carolina as an 44 unpar-
alleled outrage." That, however, is a matter be-
tween him and the people who sent him here to
uphold their rights and defend their honor; and
they, I doubt not, will in good time pass upon
his conduct. But, sir, it is my right to examine
with all freedom, as 1 trust I shall with equal
fairness, the sentiments he has expressed, and
the positions he has assumed, and to repel in a
proper spirit the attack he has thought proper to
make upon the Executive and the Democratic
party.
I regretted, Mr. Chairman, to hear the rebuke
administered by my colleague to those southern
gentlemen who have spoken, perhaps with intem-
perate heat, of the many aggressions of the North
upon the rights of the South. It is true that
in the outset of his remarks he disapproved the
violent assaults of northefn members also; but,
throughout his whole speech, there seemed to be
a disposition to ignore the wrongs we have suf-
fered. Not one word to indicate that we are the
party assailed, and that the Black Republicans
have no just ground upon which they can base
,the malignant attacks they are constantly making
upon us. Sir, I do not myself approve the tone
and temper which some gentlemen on this side
hav  indulged in. I do not admire that sort of
