1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G^OBE.
to do as the President has, and that is to interpo-
late into that clause the words " in framing their
constitution,"and thus to make out the argument.
The whole foundation of his argument fails, and
therefore his allegation, that here has been legality
on one side and illegality on the other, fails. I
aver that the Topeka constitution is as legal as
that, as legal in its form, as legal in its inception,
as legal in all the steps that have been taken with
regard to it, in every particular, as much within
the purview of the powerof the people under that
clause in the organic law, as the action of the
Legislature.
1 deny the legality of the first Legislature as I
stated; and I deny, too, the assertion of the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia, that it has ever been
admitted or recognized by Congress.- I say it has
never been recognized in any shape or form. The
Senator appealed to the fact that at the last session
of Congress, in the general appropriation bill, we
made a provision for the payment of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas. Congress, at the previous session,
refused to make that appropriation. When we
made it at the last session of Congress, it applied
only to a future Legislature. Itapplied to the one
now in existence. It could not go into operation
until the beginning of the fiscal year, last July,
going forward to next July. The first Legislature
had become defunct; it had ceased to perform its
functions; a new one was to be elected, and that
fact being known, Congress made provision for
its payment—not for the last one; that has not
been made to this day; and under a law of Con-
fress which the chairman of the Committee on
inanee well understands, the President cannot
apply money thus appropriated for the service of
the current year, from last July until the next
July, to the payment of a preceding debt for a
Legislature whose term of office had expired.
But admitting the legality of the Legislature,
usurping though it was, and admitting also that
it had been recognized by Congress, nothing fol-
lows except that its action was advisory. So was
the action of the Topelta. Legislature. The peo-
ple were not bound by one more than the other;
one was not more rebellious than the other; one
had as much force as the other, because the sub-
stratum, the authority from Congress to the Le-
gislature to call a convention and prescribe rules
for that convention was wanting.
If 1 am right in this position, the only question
that remains is, does it fairly represent the peo-
ple of Kansas? Docs the vote taken under these
ciicumstances at that particular period of time,
represent the will of the people of Kansas,
fairly expressed ? I have commented on that. It
is a question of fact, and it is a question of fact
for us to settle; and we are not precluded by the
assertion that here is legality on one side and ille-
fahty on the other. Have the people of Kansas,
y any act of theirs, under any circumstances,at
any time, manifested clearly to the Congress of the
United States, their desire that the Lecompton
constitution should be accepted, and that they
should come into the Union as a State under it?
That is the question submitted to us as the tribunal
to decide it. What have wc against it? What
have we to reply? To what facts can we appeal
as an answer to any allegation that it was so?
We have in the first place the admitted unfairness
and dishonesty of the whole proceedings from the
beginning. 1 have adverted to them, and they
are matter of history. If it was supposed that
they would fairly represent the will of the people
of Kansas (and it was designed they should) why
not submit the whole constitution fairly to them ?
Why present to them two slave constitutions, and
bid them take their choice between those two?
Why accompany those two with an oath to sup-
port one or the other, both being abhorrent to a
large portion of the people of Kansas? Why
place the question in that form? If it was the
will of the people, if they had any idea that a
majority of the people of Kansas would sustain
it, why not submit the question fairly to the peo-
ple of Kansas without any of those restrictions?
It is not a sufficient answer to satisfy my mind, to
say that all legal forms have been complied with.
Why was it not done ?
Another answer is made in the thunder tones
of the last vote of the people of Kansas, when,
the question being submitted to them by the Le-
gislature now existing m that Territory, they ,
threw a majority of over ten thousand votes i
against that constitution ? Is that no answer ?
Shall we not receive it as proof?
The honorable Senator from Georgia, on this
particular matter, said, in answer to the inquiry
which I now make why the present Legislature
might not repeal the convention law, or might not
order a new vote to be taken on the constitution,
to ascertain what is the will of the people of Kan-
sas, that its power was exhausted. What power
was exhausted ? Where do they get any power
on the subject ? He admits that they had no power
from the Congress of the United States. There
was no enabling act; no power to frame a consti-
tution had been conferred on them from any quar-
ter whatever; and yet he says the power was
exhausted. The power that they assumed was
exhausted; but, if it is in the power of a legal Le-
gislatureof Kansas to call a convention, andhave
the action of the people on a portion of the con-
stitution, is it not in the powerof another Legis-
lature of the same Territory of Kansas to call a
meeting of the people, m due form, to pass upon
another question connected with the same subject,
and the whole subject? If he had shown us where
the powerwas derived from,, if he had shown that
the Congress of the United States had ever con-
ferred any power on the Legislature of Kansas
to act on that question, it would be one thing; but
denying that, and admitting that no such author-
ity was conferred, he yet says, in answer to a
question put by the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, [Air. JDoouttle,] their power was ex-
hausted. I should like to have him, or some other
Senator, show me, and show the country, whence
was the derivation of this power; and to answer
the question decisively, if they had none conferred
on them, how they could exhaust that which they
had not themselves ? and why the existing Legis-
lature has not the same right and authority to put
the question to the people of Kansas that the pre-
vious Legislature had ?
The President and the honorable Senator from
Georgia agree on one point, and that is, as to
who are the people; and 1 agree with them. The
people, in the language of this law, and as we un-
derstand it with reference to suffrage, are those
people who are legally qualified to vote. Such
questions, I also agree with them, are not to be
settled in mass meeting and without form, but arc
to be settled in due form by those who have the
authority to exercise the right of suffrage. Rut
this statement which was argued at such length,
and which nobody would ever think of denying,
avoids the true question at issue. The question at
issue is, whether a fair opportunity has been ac-
corded to this very people to exercise the right of
suffrage on this question; and that the President
and the Senator from Georgia, who undertakes
to defend the message, have not discussed at so
much length. They assume it; they take it for
granted: we deny it. What is the argument to
sustain it ? Simply that, in ascertaining the will of
the people, in the form prescribed, at the time
prescribed with reference to the Lecompton con-
stitution, all the forms of law prescribed by the
Legislature have been complied with. I dislike,
exceedingly, to hear as the sole answer to such
allegations, that the thing was formally done
The honorable Senator from Georgia is an emi-
nent lawyer, and he knows that that is no answer
in courts of law. It is no answer to an allegation
of fraud to say that the forms have been com-
plied with; and, as a matter of history, we know
that there is no more dangerous mode of attack-
ing the liberties of a people than under fhe forms
of law. It has been well remarked that, for hun-
dreds of years, Rome was a tyranny, exercising
at the same time the forms of republican institu-
tions. Tyrants always keep up the forms as long
as they are able when they are defrauding the
people of their rights, because in that manner
they are able to prevent, perhaps, that outbreak
which would arise from a resort to absolute phys-
ical force. Charles the First lost his liead for
tyrannizing under the forms of law; James, his
son, lost his throne for the same reason; and our
ancestors wrested this country from Great Britain
for attempting to tyrannize over us under the forms
of law. Yet this is the only answer that is made—
"here is a legal form." The Legislature thus
forced on the people of Kansas assumed to ap-
point a time for a convention to provide a mode
of voting; and that convention assumed to make
a constitution. They assumed to put it to the
people; they prescribed theirownfortos, and fol-
lowed out their own manner of doing it; and now,
when we come forward and sky that from the be-
ginning to the end they designed to defraud,and
diddefraud,the people of Kansas, the. answer is,
" Wc cannot go into that subject, for it was all
done under legal form." My reply is a very
Slimple one: that fraud vitiates everything.
What were these forms > Let us enumerate
them,in distinct order, so that they may be un-
derstood-by the people. A Legislature was forced
on the people of Kansas in due form by a Mis-
souri invasion. Does the honorable Senator from
Missouri (I do not see him in his seat) want
proof of that? The proof is found in the records
of the committee of the H,ouse of Representa-
tives that investigated the subject. Nobody has-
undertaken to deny it. The Legislature acted
without legal right, as I have demonstrated, but
in due form, in appointing a convention, but they
prescribed a test oath, which rendered it unavail-
ing. My honorable friend from Vermont, who
sits beside me, [Mr. Collamer,] informs me that
I am mistaken on that point, and he says the test
oath had been repealed. A portion of it might
have been repealed, but the whole of it was not.
Mr. COLLAMER. Thatportion requiring an
oath to support the fugitive slave law had been
repealed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was part of the test
oath. That may have rendered it less odious; but
still the objection lies to the principle that no Gov-
ernment in the world, such as ours, acting under
a republican form, has aright to establish any test
oath at all, with reference to the exercise of the
right of suffrage, or go any further than adopt
such measures" as are necessary to show that a
man is qualified to vote. That was the next
step.
A census was taken in due form, not including
one half of the people of the Territory. Next, the
members of the convention forfeited their pledges.
What were those pledges? If we may trust to
what has been cited here, and not contradicted, a
large proportion of the members of the convention
pledged themselves to submit the whole constitu-
tion to the people. These pledges were forfeited;
and I heard a very singular excuse given for this
the other day by the honorabteSenator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Browk,] who said that their con-
stituents had released them from their pledgees;
that they had been released by the people to whom
they had given them. I should like to know how
or in what form that release was given ? They
held themselves out to the people on paper pledg-
ing their honor that, if elected delegates to the
convention, they would submit the constitution to
the people. They refused to do so; they forfeited
their word after they were elected- Having been
elected, they refused to perform their promise. It
is charged on them; and the cxeusc is, that those
to whom they made the promise released them
from tile obligation of keeping it. I should like
to ask the honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,! with his high sense of honor, and I be-
lieve it is higher with no man, whether he could
be excused trom an obligation thus given in writ-
ing, by any individuals who might come to him,
and say, " We do not hold you to it; party pur-
poses require a little different disposition." Hon-
orable men never would make such an excuse for
breaking their word of honor thusgiven. Solong1
as there was a single voter who threw his vote for
me, or might have thrown his vote for me, on my
written word, or my spoken word, that I would
act in a particular manner, I should deem myself
base if I could retain the office thus bestowed on
me, and at the same time refuse to redeem the
pledge that I had made.
Tiie next step that was taken under the forms
of law was to present two slave constitutions, as
I have before stated, and tell the people of Kan-
sas they might take their choice between them,
provided they would swear to support the one
which might get the majority of votes.
The last step in this proceeding, under the forms
of law, was to return six or seven thousand votes
as cast on the constitution, on the 21st of Decem-
ber, when it is satisfactorily shown that no more
than two or three thousand were thrown. Does
any Senator ask me where I get my authority for
this ? I get it from the same authority to which
the President appeals to show that there was re-
bellion in Kansas—Governor Walker and Secre-
