1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ie©9
warfare; and, with duo deference to them, I do
not think southern gentlemen oughtto participate
in it; but when we remember that for many years
the South has been assailed in her dearest inter-
ests; her constitutional rights disregarded; laws
passed in accordance with a plain and unequivo-
cal provision of the Constitution, designed to pro-
tect her in her slave property, nullified and tram-
pled under foot in several of the northern States;
efforts made by a powerful party, sectional in its
character, and led on by talented,sagacious,and
unscrupulous men, to deprive the South of her just
participation in the administration of the Federal
Government, and openly declaring it to be their
settled determination to prevent the admission of
any more slave States; when we have been com-
pelled to sit here, day after day, week after week,
and month after month, and hear the slaveholding
States held up to the scorn and detestation of the
world, our people stigmatized as infidels, vilified
and abused in the coarsest billingsgate to be found
in the Black Republican vocabulary, by the fa-
natics who crowded around my colleague, and cor-
dially congratulated him, at the conclusion of his
speech; is it strange, is it to be wondered at, that
southern members of this House, thus goaded,
should be found sometimes yielding1 to the honest
impulses of their nature, and denouncing, in severe
but just terms, those common disturbers of the
public peace, and traitors to the Constitution and
theUnion? Mr. Chairman, unlike my colleague,
I can forgive something to the spiritof patriotism;
and while 1 may not approve the intemperate
speeches sometimes made on this side, 1 cannot
but con trast their course with that of my colleague;
while I admire the zeal and devotion to the rights
of their own section which prompt them, especi-
ally as I feel and know that it is only by an un-
compromising adherence to their rights that the
Union can maintained.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina allow me to put an interrogatory
to him ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to any questions.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is a very brief one. I
desire to inquire whether the gentleman knows
that his colleague [Mr. Gilmer] is absent, hav-
ing paired off with Mr. Caruthers, who is in bad
health; and that he is not present to respond to his
remarks ?
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I am aware
of that fact; and some of my friends know that I
sought earnestly to obtain the floor while my col-
league was still here. And 1 desire to say to the
fentleman from Ohio, that no word which I utter
ere, will I refuse to proclaim in the face of my
colleague here, or elsewhere.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not question that, at
all.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. What I say
here will be published, and will reach the eye of
my colleague. I will therefore be doing him no
sort of injustice. I would have preferred that
jny colleague were present. But—he having dis-
charged his Parthian arrows—because he is now
absent, I cannot consent to lose the first opportu-
nity which presents itself, and no doubt the only
one I shall have, to make my reply. The poison
which he has emitted is, even now, being circu-
lated in North Carolina; arid T am unwilling it
should be administered without the antidote I in-
tend to prescribe.
Mr. Chairman, if I have correctly compre-
hended the speech of my colleague, he bases his
opposition to the admission of Kansas under the
Lecompton constitution, in other words, to her
admission as a slave State, upon three points of
objection: first, that the Green amendment affirms
the right of a majority of the people to change the
constifution at anytime they pleaso; and that, by
the establishment of that principle, slavery may
be excluded whenever a majority of the people
choose; second, that the population of Kansas is
not sufficient to entitle her to admission; and,
third, that the constitution framed at Lecompton
is not the will of the people of that Territory. I
propose to examine these several points.
Now, sir, with all due respect for my colleague,
I say the Green amendment affirms no such thing.
Here is the amendment, word for word, and letter
for letter:
" And that nothing in this act shall be construed to abridge
or infringe anyjiglit of the people asserted m the constitu-
tion of Kansas at all times to alter, reform, and abolish their
fonn of government, in such manner as they may think '
proper, Congress hereby di->el.umms$ any authority to inter- I
vene or declare the construction of the constitution of any !
^taie. except to see that it be republican m form, and not
m conflict with the Constitution of the United States." j
What is a fair construction of that amendment? \
Simply that we do not intend by the act of ad- j
mission to deny, as we do not affirm, any right [
of the people of Kansas, as asserted in their
constifution, to alter or abolish their form of
government; at the same time it unequivocally
declares that Congress has no right to intervene other-
wise than to see that the constitution presented is
republican in form, and not in conflict with the Con-
stitution of the United States. This question re-
quires no argument—it admits of none—the lan-
guage is so plain that to state it is to explain it.
Now I am free to confess that I preferred the bill
without that amendment; not for the reasons as-
signed by my colleague, but because the premises
amount, in my judgment, to a truism which no
man who understands the true theory of our sys-
tem of government would ever think of contro-
verting. I therefore voted to strike it out. Mr.
Chairman, the Congress of the United States
might solemnly resolve, every legislative day in
the year, from now " till the crack o'doom,'"'
that the people of North Carolina had, or had not,
the right to alter, amend, or abolish their present
form of government to suit themselves; but, sir,
would their rights be thereby affected one way or
another? Not at all; not at all—every State hav-
ing the unquestionable right to alter or amend her
constitution in her own way.
But suppose my colleague's construction of the
Green amendment is correct; admit, for the sake
of the argument, that it does affirm the right of the
people of Kansas to alter their constitution at any
time they please, regardless of the restrictions in
the instrument itself: docs my colleague repudiate
the principle? If he does, I call upon him to say
how, as a member of the Senate of North Caro-
lina, solemnly sworn to support the constitution
of that State, he voted for the proposition of Gov-
ernor Graham to call a convention to amend the
constitution, in a manner totally different from that
prescribed in thnt instrument ? Then let my col-
league yield his objection to th*  Green amend-
ment, or acknowledge that he is but"availing him-
self of that "poifci/," which, to use his own
language, is practiced hi onr little electioneering
souffles in our country, and which ought not to obtain
in the Congress of our nation
Having listened to the gentleman's denuncia-
tion and ridiculc of the Green amendment in his
speech of the 30th Match, who, Mr. Chairman,
could have supposed that m two days thereafter
he would have been found voting for it! And yet
he did! On the 30th of March it was wrong in
principle, and rendered the Senate bill worthless
to the South; on the 1st of April, only two days,
I repeat, after he denounced and ridiculed it, when
the gentleman from Mississippi moved to strike
it out, he voted with the whole body of the Oppo-
sition against the motion! Voted against striking
out an amendment which, in his opinion, so com-
pletely emasculated the bill that it was deprived
of every power of generating a single principle of
the least value to the South?
But the gentleman may say that he voted against
the Green amendment in order to save, if possible,
the House bill. I do not by any means admit
that he can thereby find a sufficient justification
of his vote; but I am willing, for the sake of the
argument only, to give him the benefit of that
position; and now let us see whether he is justi-
fiable in taking the Crittenden amendment in pref-
erence to the Senate bill. The gentleman, in the
outset of his remarks, charged the Democratic
party with praticmg the unwise policy of encour-
aging foreign immigration into the new States and
Territories, by granting to aliens not naturalized
the right of suffrage, and by making them eligible
to offices of emolument and honor; and he held
up this policy as one that ought to receive the
unqualified condemnation of the people, especially
of the South, as it was injurious to her best in-
terests. Now let us compare the two bills in
reference to these questions which my colleague
thinks so vitally important. The Senate bill,
which he condemnsand voted against, proposes to
admit Kansas under tho Lecompton constitution,
which, in the first section of the eighth article,
defines the right of suffrage as follows:
^ Sfc. ]. Evcrv male citizen of the United States, above
the age of twerjtv one years, liaviua: re. ided in thi> Stare
one year,, and in tho countv, city, or town jn which he may
offer to vote, three months next preceding any election,
shrill havo th" qualifications of an clcctoi, and be entitled
to vote at ail elections."
Here, then, is a principle which he decrm
of vital importance to the South fully secured in
this constitution. The Crittenden bill, which he
voted for, proposes to refer the whole subject bock
to thej>eople of Kansas. My colleague says the
majotity m that Territory is opposed to the Le-
compton constitution; of course, then, the Black
Republicans would frame and establish a new con-
stitution, in case he should succeed in crushing out
Lecompton; and what kind of provisions, think
you, that constitution would contain in reference
to this question, which, lie tells us, deserves the
serious consideration of the South ? Why, sir,
the latest intelligence from that Territory, fruitful
of constitutions as Niobe of tears, represents that
the Black Republicans, anticipating the action of
my colleague in the rejection of the slaveholding
and anti-aiicn-suffrage constitution of Lecompton,
have already made another, which, as we are in-
formed, not only confers this inestimable privilege
upon foreigners, but upon negroes also! Now,
what becomes of my colleague's Know-Nothing
principle in rofrrenre to this subject? It has
clearly been sacrificed to something; I leave him
to say what.
The Lecompton constitution contains the fol-
lowing provisions in regard to eligibility to office,
(article four:)
u Skc. 3 The Governor rliall ho at lea-.t thirty years of
age, shall have been a eiuzen of the Tinted States lor twen-
ty years, shall have resided in tin* State at least live years
next preceding the day ot his election." &c,
" Skc. 11. A I lieutenant Govei 1101 shall he elected at the
same time and !or the same tcuu as the Gov< nior, and ins
qualifications, and the maimer h'u e!ee:ion> bhaU be thu
same in all respect*."
Here, then, is another principle which he com-
mends to southern politicians. Now, I leave it to
my colleague to say whether, judging from what
we have already heard of the constitution lately
framed atLeavcnworth, he has any good reason to
expcct that any other which may be adopted,
should lie succeed in defeating the Lecompton
constitution, will be likely to come up to his stand-
ard of excellence in this regard? In reference to
this question, however, I am inclined to think, not-
withstanding what my colleague has said upon
this subject, he does not, after all, look upon it as
anything more than that sort of "policy practiced in
our little electioneering scvffl.es in our country;" for I
well remember that when he was a member of the
North Carolina State Senate, he recommended a
regular, full-blooded Milesian, one PatMcGowan,
for a Federal office under General Pierce, thereby
proving very clearly that, in reference to this prin-
ciple which he so seriously commended to south-
ern politicians—and the same may be said of his
opposition to the Green amendment also—he is,
if he will permit me, by way of illustration, to use
one of the elegant anecdotes with which he em-
bellished his speech, i( a sorter so, and a sorter
not so, and rather more a sorter so than a sorter
not so." He commends the principle of exclud-
ing foreigners from office, and gives tho influence
of his name toward procuring office for one of
that class. He denounces the Green amendment
in his speech, and then votes for it!
But, Air. Chairman, there is another of my col-
league's long cherished principles which I think
he sacrificed to his hostility to Lecompton. For
many years he and his party in North Carolina,
have contended that the public lands were waste-
fully squandered upon tho new States, to the great
prejudice of North Carolina and the other old
States. This matter has been presented to the
people of our u beloved South," (to borrow the
gentleman's term of endearment,) and enforced
with an array of statistical tables that would appal
old Mr. Daboll himself. With the most eloquent
and disinterested appeals the people of North Caiv
olina have been urged to send to Congress gentle-
men of my colleague's political faith, who would
be sure to guard the public domain, and see that
they got " their full share." Now, sir, how has
my colleague proposed to secure for North Caro-
lina her just and rightful interest in the immense
public domain in Kansas, amounting, as I think,
to about eighty millions of acres?
" Sec. 2. And ba it further enacted, That the State of
Kansas is admitted into the Union upon the express condi-
tion that said State shall never inteifere with the piimary
