1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2723
ington, praying'a donation of land or an appro-
priation of monpyfor the permanent endowment
of the Columbian College in the District of Co-
lumbia; a memorial of the trustees of Columbian
College, at the city of Washington, praying a
grant of land for the endowment of said college;
a memorial of the Minnesota Legislature, pray-
ing i eliof to those settlers whose preemption claims
have been lost by the grant of lands to Minne-
sota for railroad purposes; a petition of R T.
Walton and.other heirs-at-law of Jehu Walton;
a memorial of the Minnesota Legislature for an
amendment to tiie second section of an act grant-
ing land to Minnesota for railroad purposes; a
petition of commissioned officers of the rifle com-
pany of the fourteenth regiment of the fourth di-
vision of Michigan militia; a resolution by Mr.
Jones instructing the Committee on Public Lands
to inquire into the expediency of establishing two
new land offices inNebraskaTcrritory; a petition
of citizens of the town of Fort Scott, Kansas; a
petition of citizens of Bourbon county, Kansas,
settlers on lands known as the New York Indian
lands; a petition of S. Gilbert and others, pray-
ing that a grant of land may be made to aid in
the construction of a ship canal around the Falls
of Niagara; a petition of Noah Gammon; a me-
morial of the Legislafui e of Missouri, praying
that the unsurveved swamp lands may be pat-
ented to that State without being surveyed; res-
olutions of the Legislature of California in favor
of the enactment of a law granting to that State
five per cent, of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands in California for school purposes;
resolutions of the Legislatuie of Wisconsin in
favor of a donation of land to aid in the construc-
tion of a ship canal around the Falls of Niagaia;
a resolution of the Legislature of California m
favor of the enactment of a law granting land to
actual settlers in that State; a petition of E. G.
Spaulding and othet s, that the public lands be not
granted to corporations; resolutions of the Le-
gislature of California in relation to school lands
m that State; a communication from A.J. Moul-
der, superintendent of public instruction of Cal-
ifornia; a memorial of the Legislature of Ne-
braska in relation to the establishment of a new
surveying district and the office of surveyor gen-
eral for that Terntory; a petition of citizens of
Buffalo, New York, against the granting of the
public lands to corporations, and that they be re-
tained for actual settlers only; asked to be dis-
charged from their fuither consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the memorial of the register and re-
ceiver of the land office at Detroit, Michigan; a
memorial of the register and lecc-ivei of the land
office at Huntsville, Alabama; a memorial of the
legister and receiver of the land office at Helena,
Arkansas; a memorial of the register and receiver
of the land office at Fort Des Monies, Iowa; a
memorial of the register and receiver of the land
office at Jackson, Mississippi; a memorial of the
register and receiver of the land office at Indian-
apolis, Indiana; a memorial of the register and
receiver of the land office at Fort Dodge, Iowa; a
memorial of the register and receiver of the land
office at Montgomery, Alabama; a memorial of
the register and receiver of the land office at
Huntsville, Alabama; a memorial of the register
and receiver at the land office at Fayette, Mis-
souri; a memorial of the register and receiver at
the land office at New Orleans, Louisiana: a me-
morial of the register and receiver of the land office
at St. Stephens, Alabama; a memorial of the re-
gister and receiver of the land office at Superior,
Wisconsin; a memorial of the legihter and re-
ceive! of the land officc at Washington, Missis-
sippi; and a memorial of tiic register and receiver
of the land office at Mineral Pouit, Wisconsin,
severally praying an increase of compensation,
asked to be discharged from theirfurther consid-
eration; which was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were inferred the following bill andjoint
lesolu'ion, reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 342) for the relief of John
Campbell; and
A joint resolution (II, R. No. 36) giving con-
struction to the second section of the act of Feb-
luary 3, 1853, " to continue half pay to certain
widows and orphans." j
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the i
|i Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
I; the bill (H. R. No. 259) for the relief of Augus-
: tus J. lvuhn, reported it without amendment.
| Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
i sions, to whom was referred the petition of cit-
■ izens of Barnstable, Massachusetts, asked to be
[ discharged from its further consideration; which
| was agreed to.
! He also, from the same committee, to whom
i was referred the bill (H R. No. 264) granting a
; pension to Thomas Allcock, of Rochester, New
I Yoik, reported it with an amendment.
| Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
1 nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. II. No.
553) making appropriations for the transportation
of the United States mail by ocean steamers and
otherwise, during the fiscal year ending the 30th
June, 18,>1), reported it with amendments.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referied the petition of William R
Whiung; icsolutions of the Legislature of New
York, relative to pensions to soldiers of the In-
dian wars of 1791 and 1795; the petition of Mar-
garet McGiure; and the memorial of Elizabeth
Spear, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; winch was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, ftom the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom were referred the papers
relating to the claim of Louis Roberts; the papers
in relation to the claim of Alexander Wood, ad- j
mimsttator of the estate of William Wood and '
and George M. Wood; the papers lelatingfo the j
claimof Adam P.Siieglev: the papers in lulation !
to the claim of John N". Dodgson; the papers m !
relation to the claim of Alexander Wood, admin- i
istrator of the estate of Josiah W. Stewart; the i
memoi ml of George T. Dm ham; and the petition :
of Samuel J. Hensley;asked to In; discharged fiom
their fuither consideration; which was agreed to.
M r. A LLEN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were refeirod two memorials of
citizens of New York and Biooklyn, praying the ;
adoption of measures to ascertain the correctness !
of certain alleged discoveries of guano in Jams .
and Bakors's Island, in the Pacific ocean, the qnal- J
ity of guano, and its accessibili ty to merchant ves- '
sels, submitted a repoi t; which was oideicd to be
punted.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message fiom the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allen', its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concuiience of the Senate was lequested:
A bill (No. 647) to change the time of holding
the spi mg term of the disci ict court of the United :
States for the western district of Texas: and i
A bill (No. 648J for the relief of Gottlieb
Schterer.
The message further announced that the House j
had passed the following bills of the Senate: i
A bill (No. lor the relief of Joseph Hardy
and Alton Long; and
A bill (No. 230) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Daniel Hay, deceased
WARY A. M. JONES.
legal rep
V
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. On Friday
last, the bill (H. R. No. 4*2) granting a pension
to Mary A. AT. Jones, was passed; but after-
wards, a motion was made to reconsider, and that
motion was taken up and agreed to. I ask that
the bill may now be taken up and put upon its
final passage. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill; the question
bein^ on its passage.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the Senator from New
Jersey upon what principle this bill is founded;
what are the grounds on which this pension is
excepted from the general law of the land, which
does not allow it? and then, if he thinks proper to
answer the question, I have some observations
to make.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. Let the re-
port be read.
The Secretary read the following report, made
in the House of Representatives by All. Flor-
ence, on the 12th of March last.
The Committee on Invalid Pension®, to whom was rc-
fened the pennon of Mrs Mary A M Jones, widow of the
late Brevet Majoi General Ro^er Jones, lepo'rt:
That they have carefully examined the claim, and fully
concur in the report made to the Ilou e by the Committee
on Invalid Pensions at the first session of the Thnty-TIiird
Congress. That report is herewith annexed and made part
Of tills.
In thtc House of Rfpresentatives, June 33, 1854.
Mr. Duit, fiom the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
made the following report:
Tne Committee on invalid Pensions, to whom was re-
feued tiie petition ot Mrs. Mary A. M. Jones, widow oftiic
late Brevet Major Geneial Ilo^er Jones, report:
That the petitioner is the widow of the late Brevet Major
General Roger Joae«, who entered the military service of
his counti y in 1809, and so continued to the day of ins death,
j July lo, 1852; that ho reived throughout the war of 181^
and \va«. du;tin«m«hcd in almost eveiy action fought on the
Canada frontier; wtw wounded wnh a bayonet in one,and
wa^ twice bievctted for gallantry on the field of battle; that
he filled the impoitant post of Adjutant General fiom 1825
to the day of hia death—m the language of the Commander-
; j ni-Ch n't of the Aimy, >• bunging to the discharge of its highly
i difficult and le^pon^ible dune?; an intelligence, hone^tv of
puipoge, and untiling devotion, which eairied him tlnough
! i eveiy emergency wiih ciedit to lmnM'lf and advantage to
j. the public .-civicc That his di->tini>m^hed and valuable
|' sei viee< dining tho Mevican war won lor linn the brou etof
11 mitjoi ireneial, it being the fifth bievet won by him lor gal-
l.mt and mmtorious hciviccs*. It h cleatly proved by ins
|' attending phyvioian and othet toptnnonv, that the oIopc and
contmin d confinement, occasioned bv the accumulation of
; ImMne?* m the Adjutant Geneta!"* office during the Me.\-
! n.an wai. impjuod his health, undermined hi-, constitution,
J ami ahudued hn life ; in fan;, that tho unintrnnittmg and
I aiduou.^ labot-i called lor by the exigencies of the public sor-
[ vice — labois which he peiseverintrK and often painfully ok—
I charffcd at times when In- enfeebled health demanded a io-
j lavanon of his official duties—weie eventually the cause
J of his death.
| The petitioner wa^ left, bv the nntirnclv death of bei hus-
: band, with a tamilv of eleven rhildien, eight of whom are
| infants and daughter-, without adequate means loi their
; education aiul suppotr, winch has compelled her to appeal
[ to the equity and ju-aer: of Congie^ for jehef bv way of
1 pension, accoidmg to the u-age in such ca>es, furnishing
j numoioiis precedents of tiie las-t and p:e>enf Confess m
1 c;w's auaioiiou^ to hei>. The commute, in view of the
! facts, the Ions and distinguished services ot General Jones-,
, and the nupoveils-lied condition of the widow and childien,
, repott a biti.
; Since tho dat" of that repoit \onr committee have le-
, ceived the following letter 1'iom Major Geneial Wmfieid
 icott on the subject:
! February 9, 3 8.38.
j r bog to cav to the Hon. Mi. JewetL and the Ilou->e Com-
I imtt<je on JViwoiw, that F w.u innnniielv acqnainied,
tlnou'ihont Ins long seiviees, with the hue Major General
Jones, having otten seen him in battle, nnd almost daily, for
. a yieat many \oar-', in In-* eapaeiiy of Ad|utant Con< i.il. X
i am, theroloie, enabled to r-ay.fi om person.d knowledge, that
neiulval! the i.tcts set fouh in the within memoi nil I know
j to be p"rfeoily uuc, ami those not witnessed by me I fully
believe lobe tine So much moi it, enntmncd iuvano n
, \vav-- tor so ina.iv ye:i>it would be difficult to cxatigeiate,
as u would be the met its ot die family seeking relief at the
hand.; of a gieat and hbeial couniiv
j W1XFIELD SCOTT.
; Yotn committee repoit a bill.
; Mr. TOOMBS. I moved the reconsideration
of tins bill because it was establishing a precedent
1 as to pensions to which I am opposed. The offi-
cer to whose widow it is sought by this bill to
' give a pension wos a gentleman of character, and
did Im duty—a brave and toutng<'nus man; but
for the Ia.-)t thirty yeai.'s of his life he was in this
city as Adjutant General of the Army of the Uni-
ted States. This is not one of tho eases in which
■ the law of the country, and I think the policy of
the country, have entitled the family to a pension.
„ He died after a residence of mote than thirty years
in tins city, in the bosom of his family, with a
: compensation the greatest allowed in any Army
: in the world. There are no special reasons of
■ any sort connected with this case. During tho
| Revolution no man's widow was pensioned unless
. he died in action. For fifty years afterwards no
, man's widow was pensioned. It was in 1832 that
! the first pensioo to widows was granted, on the
| ground that they had shared with the soldiers in
, the toils and privations of the revolutionary stiug-
j gle. Subsequently it was canied to those who
| were married before 179J, and then to 1800; and
within the last four years you have given pen-
sions to those who were widows of revolutionary
: soldiers, no nuiuer when they were married. It
! was the geneial relaxation of principle under the
l tendency of the country, day by day increasing,
i of squandering the public money upon any object
, whatever
j Now, sir, this bill establishes a principle which,
I if it be a sound one, ought to be universal, and
ouebt to be extended to the case of every man
: who has done his duty, as long as he lived. As
to so much of the report as states that the life of
General Jones was abiidged by attending to his
duties, it is discreditable to the committee of tho
other branch to report if. It is not a reason. He
attended to civil duties fi\ e or st\r hours of the day,
and lie lived to a ripe old age. I believe he passed
the ordinary period of life which the good book
