1700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
disposal of the public lamb, or- wuh any regulations which
Congie s may tinri necessary for securing the title in said
linds to the bona fide purchaser and grantee thereof, or im-
pose or levy any tax, a^essmoni, or imposition of any de-
scription whatever, upon them or other property of the
United States within the limits o{ -said State."
Here is the just and rightful claim of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to all the unsold
lands in Kansas, fairly "nominated in the bond,"
and thereby secured for the benefit of .North Car-
olina and all the other States alike. My colleague
voted against this just and necessary measure'of
security; and while he told us that the President
is unworthy of our confidence, he nevertheless
proposed not only to depait from the constitu-
tional mode of admitting Kansas by act of Con-
gress, hut to confer upon the President the power
to brine; her into the Confederacy by his own mere
ipse dixit, so soon as she. should offer to him a con-
stitution, regardless qf its provisions. Now, sir,
suppose that the people of Kansas (the bill for
which my colleague voted having become a law,
and the President invested with that stupendous
power) should reject the Lecompton constitution, ,
and my colleague takes the ground that they
would, for he voted against the Senate bill because
he says it is not the will of her people, and then 1
proceed to frame another constitution, m which I
they solemnly declare that the entnc public do- \
main within her borders belongs of right to the '
sovereign State of Kansas, and can be used for
her benefit alone—that constitution bcinif pre-
sented to the President ho will lie eotnpeiled, in
obedience to the Crittenden bill, to induct her into
the Confederacy: would my colleague, as a law-
yer, undertake to prosecute the claim of North
Carolina to her just and equal share of those
public lands ' Sir, how would he bring his action,
and in what court, pray ?
Another objection to the admission of Kansas
  (It J villi rtflO (
(under the Lecompton constitution, mark you) is the !
insufficiency of her population. To this objection
1 shall devote but few words. Admitting very
fully the general principle that a State ought to
have the number of population fixed by tlie law
for the time heinjj as the representative ratio, I
am not piepared to deny that, under peculiar cir-
cumstances, ai tin  underasound discretion, Con-
gress may depart from the rule. In the present
ease, however, it appears to be admitted on all
sides, so far as I know, that Kansas has the requi-
site population. General Pierce seems to have
been of that opinion as far back as the last Con-
giess. Mr. Buchanan is evidently of the same
mind. It is not controverted either in the report
of Judge Dodoi.as, or that of Messrs. Coi.lamp.r
arid Wade, made during the present session; and
I know of no one, except my colleague, who has
raised the question. So far as he is concerned, I
shall cispose of it in a very few words. My col-
league offered a bill himself for the admission of
Kansas; and I have only to say, that if the pop-
ulation o. that Territory be sufficient to justify
her admission under his bill, it strikes my poor
judgment that it is equally sufficient to justify her
admission under the Senate bill.
The other point made by the gentleman from
North Carolina is, that the Leconipton constitu-
tion is not the will of the people of Kansas. In
order that I may be properly understood in what
1 shall say upon this point, it is necessary that I
should refer, as briefly as may be, to the legisla-
tion of Congress in reference to slavery, and to
the events which have transpired m Kansas. Oil
the application of Missouri to become one of the
States ot the Union, she was refused admission on
account of the slavery feature of her constitution,
in vain did southern members, and the conseiva-
tivo portion of northern men, urge that Congress
had no right to reject a State fur any other reason ■
save that her constitution was anti-iepublican. A
Jitter contest arose, which excited serious appre-
hensions on account of the safety of theUmon. At !
length the proposition contained m the eichtli sec-
tion oftheactof March 6,1820, by which slavery '
was to be excluded from all the territory of the Uni-
ted States north of the line of 360 30', was offered,
and, in an evt! hour, accepted by the South. This
was to be a compact, a bond of peace! and yet,
m the very next year after its adoption, it was set
at defiance by the INortb. Again and asjain, sub-
sequently, when the South applied for the admis-
sion of iit-\v slave States, this sacred compact, as
it has been called, and for which my collogue has
so much veneration, wag utterly repudiated by
that section which had forced it upon the South
as a measure of peace and harmony* At length,
after the conclusion of the war with Mexico' by
which we acquired extensive territory, some of
which was south of the Missouri restriction line,
in utter violation of that compromise, and in total
disregard of every principle of justicc, an effort
was made to oxclude us from a just and equal par-
ticipation in the fruits of that glorious war by the
application of the Wilmot proviso, thereby in-
tending to exclude us from all that vast territory,
acquired, as it had been, by a common expend-
iture of blood and treasure, of which—and I do
the North no injustice when I say it—the South
contributed her full share.
At this crisis the South agreed to run the Mis-
souri line through t# the Pacific, and thus forever
settle the dispute: this offer was persistently re-
jected by the very men who have since proclaimed
that compromise a sacred compact, binding as the
Constitution itself! Denied even this small con-
cession to our just demands, nothing was left the
South 'but to fall back upon her constitutional
rights, and to insist upon equal pi ivileges in all
1 ho Territories. Aftci a struggle which shook this
Ilepublic to its deep foundations, the question was
disposed of, so far as Utah and New Mexico were
confined, by the legislation of 1850. I shall not
stop here to mqune into the wisdom of the com-
promise measures ot that year. I may say, how-
ever, enpaiiant, that according to my honest opin-
ion, the South fared in this as she had done in
every other compromise to which she hasgi vrr her
assent. Pcaoe, 01 rather a trucc, was obtained for
a brief period, until at length Congresj undertook
to organize the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska, in 18; 4. In the mean time both the po-
litical parties then struggling for power, adopted
m then* platforms the principle of non-interven-
tion asserted in the legislation of 1850. In order
fairly to carry out that pimciple in oigamzmg the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, it became ne-
cessary to repeal the Missouri restriction, which
excluded slave property fiom those IVu itones.
The time had now come when the soundness of
Ihc two parties, and their fidelity to the principles
asseited in 1850. and affirmed 111 both party plat-
forms in ] wei ^ to be tested The result proved
that the northern win^of the Winer party, which
in the days of us ;;n\it leaders, Clay and Web-
ster, had always j^tven evidence of the possession
of some conservative principle, was utterly un-
sound, and it soon fell into that grave to which
it was so justly consigned. The Democratic party,
aided by most of the southern Whigs, repealed
the Missouri rcstnction, and firmly established
the principle of non-intervention.
I'he Territory of Kansas was thus opened up
for settlement by southern as well as northern
men, and the Black Republican party, which had
crawled forth from the ruins of the Whig party,
like a huge serpent from among- the fallen columns
of some magnificent temple, soon found that if
hit to herself, and emigration permitted to flow
j through its natural channels, Kansas would be-
| come a slaveholding State. An emigrant aid so-
ciety, with a capital of $5,000,000, was chartered
by the Legislature of Massachusetts, whose object
was the settlement of Kansas wi th a free-soil pop-
ulation, to wrest that fine Territory from the
South, and thereby prevent another slave State
fiom being admitted into the Union. Maddened
by the pious eloquence of such fanatics as Parker
and l'eecher, and inflamed bv the vehement dec-
lamation of the Black Republican leaders, thou-
sands of Kansas-shriekers, armed with rifles and
revolvers, rushed into the Territory.
The laws passed by the Territorial Legislature
were repudiated; the regularly constituted author-
ities set at defiance; and a spurious go\eminent
April 20/
set up by these traitors, who placed themselves ill
a state of open rebellion. Sir, is this picture over-
drawn ? Will my colleague deny that tile Free-
Soil party in Kansas, whose violated rights he
so feelingly deplores, was in a state of rebellion
asainst the government established by Congress ?
We have the ofiicial evidence of Governor Walker
to sustain the declaration.
In his proclamation to the people of Kansas,
after making most earnest appeals, he says:
"A lebclhon so iniquitous, and necee^r.nly involving such
-vt'ul consequences, has never before ditgiaced any a.^e or
awful consequences.
country.
Permit tne to call your attention, u«, sun claiming to be
eituen; of the United States, to the je^ults of your icvoju-
nonary proceedings. You are inaugurating rebellion and
revolution; you are disregarding the laws of Congress and
of the territorial government, and defying their authority ;
jou are conspiring to overthrow the Government of the
United States in this Territory. Your puipose, if carried
into effect m the mode designated by you, by puttin® your
la\v  forcibly into execution, would involve you m the guilt
and crime of treason."
Fie further says:
" Under these circumstances, you have nroceeded to es-
tablish a government for the city of Lawrence in direct defi-
ancoot the territorial government, and denying its exigence
and authority. You have imposed upon all those officeis
the duty of taking an oath to support this so-called Stato
constitution ; thus distinctly superseding, so far as in your
power, the territonal government created by the Congress
of the United States."
Governor Walker, in his letter to the Secretary
of State of July 20,3857, says:
41 / here is imminent danger, unless the territorial govern-
ment id bu> turned by a laij c bodvof the ttoops of the United
fciaies, that, for all practical pmposes, it will beoverthrown,
oi icdueed to -i condition of alvolute imbecility. I ain con-
strmni'd. therefore, to inform ymi that, with a view to sustain
the authonty ot the United States in this Teintory, it is
lndij-p-iwibiv^icees'-arv th.it we should have immediately
stationed at Foit Leavenworth .it lea-t two thousand regu-
lar troop?, and that Gcnei-il Ilainey should be retained in
command."
If this evidence is not complete, I will add that
which my colleague cannot gainsay. In hisissuo
of the 10th February, 1858,'the editor of the Ra-
leigh Register says:
"The unreasonable, unjust, and treasonable course of
the l' ree toilers and Topoka men of K,\n>-ui3 js propeily set
tonh bv the President, who. when lin denounce1* them as
rebels, uses the woid bo-<t calculated nmp.nly to character-
ize their conduct. The^e men have committed thevny
I ottensn in Kan*-as which the Mormon** p'Mpenatedm Utah,
j I hny have defied tin* authonty of the laws and the Gov-
I eminent, and attempted to *et up an imperium in unperio
1 in kdfK«<i . To say, theK Ibie, that the bowlings of these
tiaitou and rebels jhouid can^o the lejeeiion of the Le-
, compton eoiiMitution h to countenance lawlessness and
; rewaid treason."
! Discord then reigned in that unhapj^r Territory,
| and it became evident that the only mode by which
' quiet could be gained, and peace restored to Kan-
sas and the country, was by piocuring heradmis-
sion as a State into the Confederacy. An act was
therefore passed hy the Toiritoi ml Legislature to
provide for taking the sense of the people as to
the expediency of calling a convention to frame
a constitution. At a regular and fair election thus
log-ally authorized, the people voted with great
unanimity in favor of a convention. The next
Legislature passed an actio provide for the elec-
tion of delegates to a convention to be composed
of sixty members, who were to be apportioned
among the several counties of the Territory in pro-
portion to their population, which was to be as-
certained by taking a census. This act was vetoed
by Governor Geary because it contained no pro-
vision for submitting the constitution to the peo-
ple for ratification or rejection. The Legislature
then passed it over the Governor's veto by a two-
thirds vote, and it thus became a law.
The convention thus elected assembled at Le-
compton,and lutmod the constitution under which
Kansas now asks for admission into the Union,
|! My colleague says it does not embody the will
ij of the people, and he therefore is against it. IIjs
ji language is:
" I niit^t say that when I hear it asserted heie, and every-
where, and thcpioofs strongly tending to show that the
government of Kansas was, m the lir-t instance, ruthlessly
siidt< bed 11om the people, unconstitutional t<"-t oaths ap-
plied, by winch the minority, ivho bv tV.iitd obtained the
control of the government, and by which the majoutv were
kept from pai Ucip.itniy in the government; when I am told,
and the piuot tends th.it w;u, that nor more than one half
of the counties ot the Terutoi> woe permitted to be lepte-
sented 111 the convention, I doubt the propriety of support-
ing the constitution named thus."
Government of Kansas ruthlessly snatched from
the people! test oaths! majority kept from a par-
ticipation in the governmentnot, more than half
the counties permitted to be represented m the
convention ! These are the charges which have
been made and so often icpeated through a!f the
n different moods and tenses by the whole Clack
Republican school, and now gravely affirmed by
[j my colleague. Sir, if the name of the senior mem-
!j ber from Ohio had been affixed to the above ex-
tract instead of my colleague, would any one have
i doubted its authenticity? Says Mi. (biddings:
j " Usurpations and brute force were resorted to for
| the purpose of extending and supporting slavery."
j Says Mr. Wilson*: (< In this contest, slavery has
J startled the nation by a series of acts of violence
| and frauds," &c. So said Mr.Seward, Mr. Hau-
i lan, and other Black Republicans who have
