170-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
in?. Neighboring nations have been robbed, men have been
reducccfto ^aves within the shadow of Faneuil Hall, and
the hi"her law lias been denounced and derided, infidels
to humanity, acoiTeia at the law of God, and recreants to
freedom, have reveled jn power and plunder. But a day of
reckoning is at hand. The nation's heart throbs with new
feelings. Hope is giving place to despair, and freedom is
asserting its claims to reverence. Everywhere at the North,
and evert in the South, we see that the spirit of liberty
(Abolitionism) is woi king among the people, an tithe recent
vote in Congress ii but an index of that feeling. This
awakening of the conscience of the people should inspire
us with new zeal, and load to redoubled efforts in the cause
of ficedom (iilack Republicanism.) The overthrow of the
slave power is approaching."
Mr. Chairman, I have not said all that I desired
to in reply to my colleague. My time will not ad-
mit. I am admonished that it has already nearly
expired; but I cannot resume my seat, without
giving expression here in my place to the indig-
nation I felt on seeing the senior member from
Ohio offering his congratulations to my colleague
at the close of his speech. Once before, during
my legislative experience here, it has been my
lot to witness a similar exhibition. Once before
•have I seen the enemies of the South congratu-
late a southern man on account of a speech he
had made upon a question in which the rights of
the South were involved.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him ? Did I understand the gen-
tleman to say that I went to Mr. Gilmer and
congratulated him? May I correct lum in that
statement ?
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I am aware
that the gentleman from Ohio congratulated him
upon his speech. I saw the gentleman approach
my colleague as he approached another gentleman
upon a former occasion, who had made a speech in
lolerence to southern rights. I saw the gentleman
approach hnn with both hands extended, and I im-
agined thathe waspronouncmgabenediction upon
my colleague, which would be a withering curse
upon him to his grave.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman intend
to represent me as congratulating Mr. Gilmer?
Does he understand that 1 went towards Mr.
Gilmer to congratulate him p
Mr. SIIAW, of North Carolina. I say that
the gentleman did go townuls him, shake lum by
the hand, and, 1 suppose, congratulate him.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Let me say that the gentle-
man is entirely mistaken.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. Why, air, I
saw it with my own eyes, and there wcic 'rontle-
inenupon this side whose attention was called to it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will correct the gentiunmn.
Let me explain it.
Mr. SHAW, of NoriU Carolina. I beg the
gentleman not to interrupt me.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wi.-'h to correct the gen-
tleman. {Loud cue* of Order!"]
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I ask the
gentleman fi om Ohio, lhen, if he did not approach
my colleague, at the conclusion of his speech,
shake lnm by the hands, and oiler his congratu-
lations ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I did not. Mr.Gilmer, was
in his place, and I was in the aisle. I inquired of
hi n if he intended to compare my name with that
of James Buchanan. I neither ya\ e lnm my hand
nor took ins.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I know not,
nor do I pretend to sav, what occurred between
she gentlemen 1 say, again, that 1 not onlysaw
the gentleman approach my colleague and extend
towards him both hands 
Mr, GIDDINGS. I did not. The gentleman
is mistaken. I did not. [Loud cries of "Order!"]
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I not only
saw liirn, but some fifteen or twenty others saw
hnn appioat'h my colleague; and I must be per-
mitted to say that, when I witnessed that spec-
tacle, I felt, as I feel now, that whenever the ;
time should come  j
Mr. GIDDINGS. I say the gentleman is en- .
hrclymistaken. [Renewed and deafening shouts :
ol "Order!" hom tne Democratic side of the:
I call the gentleman to
House.J
Mr. CLING MAN.
order.
Mr. KEITT. I insist that order shall be pre-
yrrved in the committee. The gentleman from
North Carolinai.3 entitled to the floor,and declines
to yield it.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman fromSouth
Carolina is out of order
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman from Ohio 
[Loud and continued shouts of " Order '."from
the Republican side of the House.]
Mr. KEITT. Let the blackguards over there
act thus outside of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from North
Carolina is entitled to the floor, and will proceed.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. As I said be-
fore, I do not undertake to say what passed be-
tween the gentleman from Ohio and my colleague.
I know not what the gentleman from Ohio said,
but I know he said something very gratefol to
my colleague's feelings, for there was a smile of
complacency on his face.
Mr. GIDDINGS. _ I say I did not take Mr.
Gilmer's hand. [Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. Many gen-
tlemen here know that the scene occurred as I
have described it; and, sir, as I was about to say
when I was interrupted, when I witnessed it, I
felt, as I feel now, that if ever the time should
come when I should be so far capable of misrep-
resenting the honorable and confiding constituen-
| cy which had sent me here to protect their rights
: and defend their honor, as to make a speech that
' would bring down upon my hend the approbation
' and congratulations of the gentleman from Ohio
and his allies upon that side, I should instinctively
raise my hands to Heaven and, in the language of
the Indian prince exclaim, "What have 1 done
that the enemies of my country should praise me?"
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. PHELPS. It appears that nobody de-
sires to discuss the bill, and I hope, therefore,
that we shall report it to the House.
Mr. STANTON". I understand that Lhere are
some amendm< nts to be proposed.
Mr. PHELPS. It will take but a short time
to dispose of them. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion.
Mr. STANTON. Weil, I withdraw it.
• The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
■ clauses for amendment
I Mr. S. GLANCV JONGS. I move to strike
out the ninth, tenth, and eleventh lines, and to m-
■ sert in lieu thereof " $112,yu6;" so as to make
j the clause read:
I For pay of officers, instiuctor<=, cadets, and miiMcrW"*,
' $ 1
' Mr. Chairman, aft^r this bill was acted on by
the Committee of Ways and Means, a question
j arose in relation to the twenty per cent, allowance
! to the professors of the Academy at West Point.
! After an examination of the authorities, and the
i decision of iho Sce-tetaiy of War, the committee
I decided in five- of the allowance of twenty per
, cent, to the pro;<>sK>rs at West Ponit. U v/esde-
I cided by the. Drpaitment that they were held to
i be comni'ssioneil olTiceia. it merely allows the
; twenty percent, (which was granted load others)
; to the professors at the West Point Academy.
| Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Chahman, we are m
the Committee of the Whole on the slate of the
j Union, and I will say a few words in reply to what
i has been stud by the gentleman from North Car-
! olina, [Mr. Shaw.] I undeistood him to nssert
■ that, when one of his colleagues [Mi. Gilmer]
1 had concluded his speech, 1 went to him,extend-
ing my hands and taking his, and congratulated
II hnn on his speech. I endeavored to put the gen-
1' tleman right at the time he was making this state-
i ment, but there was so much noise and contusion
, I am not sure whether gentlemen heard or undor-
j: stood me. However that may be, i desire the
l country, this House,and thegentleman, to know,
! that th'eie was not one word of truth in what he
j uttered on that point. I went no nearex to the gen-
' tluman's colleague [Mr. Gilmer] than the aisle up
; which I was passing; and, instead of congratu-
I lating him on his speech, i inquired whether he
. had used my name with the name of Mr. Buch-
anan. I remarked, further, that if he did, I should
II hold hnn responsible for it. I did not congratulate
j him on his speech; nor did I hear the remark of
!; the gentleman, except as it was told me by other
j: gentlemen. This is nU there was of it. I did not
!i congratulate him; I did not extend my hand to
; him; and I did not leave the aisle in passing up.
i1 Mr. CAMPBELL. In corroboration of what
ij my colleague hcisju&t stated, I desire to say at this
!. point that I was near the honorable gentleman
I from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] when he made
his speech. My colleague, who has just taken hia
seat, passed up the aisle and protested against the
use which had been made of his name in connec-
tion with that of James Buchanan, and then he
passed on.
Mr. CURTIS. I wish to say a word on the
amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My colleague [Mr. Shaw]
is out of the Hall, and I state this lest it be im-
agined that what has been said passed unnoticed
by him.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Let us have a vote
on the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Curtis] has the floor.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman from North Carolina will insert this
rectification in his speech.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope I will be allowed
to say a word.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Why not let the facts
come out ?
Mr. CURTTS. 1 yield to the gentleman.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I dislike to interfere be-
tween my colleagues; but as the one who has
spoken to-day [Mr. Shaw] "is out of the Hall, I
think injustice would be done him if I did not
say a word here. I was sitting nearly where I am
now when my colleague [Mr. Gilmer] made his
1 speech. As he sat down, I saw a crowd gather
; round him. A gentleman near me said: " Look
J at the Black Republicans, how they congratulate
Gilmer." I looked at that moment, and saw the
; gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] near enough
i to put his hands upon my colleague and lean for-
| ward. I saw this, and I think I have eyes as good
; as most people; I did not hear what was said; I
| do not know that they grasped hands. They were
j near enough to do it. The gentleman from Ala-
j bama [Mr. HovsroN-] oxebimed loudly: "Kiss
jhim! Kiss him!" calling the gentleman from
Ohio by name. I looked at it, and many others
' did; I do not know what was said between them.
| This statement is due to my colleague. All of
us supposed that it was a congratulation. The
' gentleman from Ohio knows exactly what did
' oecur.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I was near enough to hear
i the words. My colleague protested against, the
use of Ins name in connection with that of James
Buchanan.
Mr. McQUEEN. Did the gentleman congrat-
ulate him ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did; fori thought then,
and think now, that he made a damaging speech
for Lecompton.
Mi. McQ,UEEN. How many copies of that
speech did the gentleman subscribe for?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Throe or four hundred;
and they are so good,I wish I had more of them.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Seward reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the Military Academy appropriation bill, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
STADE DUES.
Mr. KELLY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to oiler the following resolution:
Ilc-olvcd) That the PrcMdent be lespecttully solicited to
c<'!jnnu'""r:itc to the Ilou^e of T'f pre-entativc-, it not, in
Ins opinion, incompatible with liio public interest, any and
all information in possession o:'the otate Depaitmenl on
the subject of the dues" or v" tolls levied and collected
h) the loyal llanoveitan Government at Stade, upon the
cargoes of all vessels sailing up the Lower Kibe to the
commercial cities of Hambuigand Altona, a> to their oiigm
and foundation; the amount theieof, and the mode ofco!-
h'etion ; whether said mfoimation be denied lioin cone-
spondence or otherwise, either with rh" llanovenan Gov-
ernment dnect, or indirectly thiough the American consul
at Ifambutg,m his correspondence with the authoi tie>; to
state whether it be true that the iiarioven.ui Government
levies tribute upon the cargoes of vessels Mihny upon the
Lower Elbe (one of the highways ">t nations) without ren-
dering any equivalent or letuin therefor; :i'.~o. whether, in
his opinion, these "'dues" or " toils" aie not similar in na-
ture, and equally as unjust in principle, as the old Tnpohtan
tribute was, and more so than were the Danish ^ound dne^ ;
and if so, whether, in the opinion of his Excellency, notice^
ought not to be at once given by oui Government to that of
Hanover, that on and after the expiration ot six months,
our tieaty with that Kingdom would tciimmito, mid that
