1*858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1708
after that time our Government would not recognize the
right of Hanover to collectthe" Stade tolls" upon our com-
merce ascending the Lower Elbe to Ham burg undAltona.
Mr. STANTON, I object, unless the resolution
I send to the Chair be adopted. That will give us
all a chance.
Mr. KELLY. Let the gentleman's resolution
be read.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I object to
that resolution unless the last half be stricken out.
The resolution of Mr. Stanton was then read,
as follows:
Resolved, That the States and Territories be called for
bills, of which notice had been given, for the purpose of
reference, and resolutions which .shall not be objected to,
and continue the call without interruption, until all the
States and Terutones be called.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
And then, on motion of Mr. J. GLANCY
JONES, (at four o'clock,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jlpril 21, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. R. Eckard.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report of the
Secretary of State, in answer to the resolution of
the Senate, of the 5th instant, calling for copies
of the instructions given to Mr. Reed, Commis-
sioner to China; which, on motion of Mr. Bright,
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CAMERON presented two petitions from
citizens of Philadelphia, praying that an appro-
priation may be made for carrying the mails be-
tween that city and Southampton, in England,
in the Collins line of steamers; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. KENNEDY presented the memorial of
Ambrose VV. Thompson and his associates, pray-
ing Congress to establish a line of mail steamships
between certain ports in the United States and
Lfverpool, in England; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
tie also presented a memorial of citizens of
Cumberland and Allegany county, Maryland,
praying that Cumberland may be selected as a
suitable place for a national foundery; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Miliiia.
Mr. IIAMLIN presented a petition of citizens of
Maine, praying that a law may be passed, granting
.pensions to the officers and soldiers of the Army,
and to the officers and seamen of the Navy during
the war of 1813; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented papers in relation to the claim
of Abner Merrill, for an increase of pension;
which were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. GREEN presented the petition of Robert
F. Gibbs, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying to
bo allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PUGH presented papers in support of the
claim of Adam Sener, a soldier in the war of I8i"2,
for a pension; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of the le-
gal representatives of William Bond, and the legal
representatives of William Douglass, officers m
the revolutionary army, praying to be allowed in-
terest on their half pay, paid under the act of Juno
30,1834; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FOSTER presented the memorial of cit-
izens ofNew London,Connecticut, remonstrating
against the repeal of the law establishing the Light-
House Board; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. DURKEE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, against the admission
of Kansas into the Union as a State under the Le-
compton constitution; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of John
H. Merrill, prayingfor payment for services ren-
dered,and expensesincurred, as sheriff to a court
established by the alcalde 'in San Francisco, in
1849; also for expenses incurred in the relief and
support of sick and disabled seamen; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of R. L. Beall, and other otli-
cerj of the Army, on the files of the Senate, be refened to
the Committee on Military Affairs and Mihtia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
20) to amend an act eutitled " An act to provide
for holding the courts of the United States in the
case of sickness, or other disability, of the judges
of the district courts," approved July 29, 1856,
reported it without amendment, and that it ought
not to pass.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of Albert
G. Alien, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 277) for his relief. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the resolution re-
lating to restrictions on the immigration or im-
portation of foreign paupers and criminals into
the United States, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Commerce; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a bill (S. No.
278) concerning the courts of the United States in
the district of Arkansas; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
papers relating to the claim of the heirs of Thomas
Aladdin, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the papers, and that leave be
granted to withdraw the same; which was agreed
to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to lhti oduce a joint resolution
(S, No. 27) authorizing the suspension of the sales
of public lands in the Territory of Kansas; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
279) for the final adjustmentofprivate land claims
in the States of Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Missouri, and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. PUGH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a b:il (S. No. 230) to
repeal the twenty-fifth section of the net to es-
tablish the judicial courts of the United States,
approved September 24, 17S9; vhieh was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. TOOMBS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous eon-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Jud.enn-y have
leave to punt, for the use of the committee, a bill before
them for the establishment of uniform law-? "on the sub-
ject of bankruptcies throughout the United States.'5
ABNEIl MERRILL.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pennons be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of meiea-ing th'1 pen-ion of
Abner Memli, of Maine, in consequence of nicieased dis-
ability.
BUTTERFIELD'S PRIMING xYPPARATUS.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of War he requested^ to
trans-mitto the Senate a copy of the lepoit of >I.i|oi Wil-
liam II. Cell, made Apiil 1, I&oS, giving the ivMiir of the
trial, at the Washington arsenal, of Bu:tetfield's pruning
apparatus, m companion with Maynaid's primer.
SAN FRANCISCO POST OFFICE.
Mr. BRODERICK. I submit a resolution of
inquiry, and ask for its consideration now:
Raolvcd, That the Postmaster Geneial be i"coie-t,ed to ,
furnish the Senate with a quarterly statement shewing the
aggregate amount collected at the post oOlcelit San -Fran-
cisco, over and above the lawful postage^for bo^'-rehtsfrom
July 1,1654, to Uecenibei 31.1857, and that he5 he requested
to mfoim the Senate what law. or what regulation oC. tb$
Department, authorizes the collection of the same; aodafeo
whether the postmaster has any legal authority-to discrim-
inate against one cla-s of citizen*, and in <avoi of another
class, by withholding letters—as letters are withheld at the
San Francisco post office—fiom those who wilbnot submit
to the exaction for box rents?, until at least an hour after let-
ters aie delivered to those wlio do thus submit to the cxac
tion.
Mr. YULEE. I hope that will lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It lies over
under the rule.
DUNCAN ROBERTSON.
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives-for the relief of Duncan
Robertson, have directed me to report it back, and
recommend its passage. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to consider it now. I will
briefly state the object of it. The Senate will
recollect that the Norwegian bark Ellen saved
a number of the passengers of the Central Amer-
ica. She was subsequently put in p;ood repair in
one of our yards at a cost of $750, which has been
paid by the Swedish consul—the consul of the
country to which the vessel belonged. The House
promptly passed the bill, on the recommendation
of the Secretary of State, to refund to him that
amount of $750, and I think it eminently proper
that the bill should pass the Senate now. I ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate, therefore,
to pass the bill at once.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, pioceeded to consider
the bill (II. R. No. 359) for the relief of Duncan
Robertson.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Duncan Robertson #749 9*2, in full
for moneys paid by him to the navy-yard at Gos-
port, it being the amount expended for repairs of
the Norwegian bark Ellen, for damages encoun-
tered by the bark m aiding and rescuing the pas-
sengers of the steamer Central America.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JENNETT H. M'CAIX.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the bill (S. No.
130) for the relief of Jennett H. McCall, only
child of Captain James McCall, of the revolution-
y war, was read a second time, and considered
| as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Jennett II. McCall, only child of
Captain J a mi s McCall, of GeneralPiclcens'tf brig-
ade, in the South Carolina regiment, during tiie
war of the Revolution, the seven years'ha'f pay
of a captain, as allowed by tlio resolution of Con-
gress, passed August ^4, 17b0, amounting to
*2.100.
Mr. KING. Let the report in that case be read.
The Clcik read the following icport, made by
Mr. Ijvans, on the 9th of February:
T''c < 'ommittee on Revolutionsy Clmm?-. to whom \v\i3
teieired the petition of Jennett 11. McCall, o.-ilv child of Col-
onel James McCall, ot the rcvohmonaiy \v<ir, havu.4 had
the -same under consideration, i-ubunt the follow inj jeport.
„ The petitioner is an aged woman, eigluy-MX > can old,
and from her nnaiicy lias laboied under a deformity m her
feet, fciiieis the only clnid and iteit ot James MeCail. known
m the history of the revohuionaiy war. m South Cdiolma
and Geoigia, as Colonel Jame^ .YleCall. it appears fiom tlie
hi-toiy oj Geotgia, and fiom other i citable ^wree-:, that ho
j?ei ved with di-unciion and singular biavei y m both of these
States duung a latge poition ot the war, and wav in neatly
all the battles winch were fought dining the invasion and
possession by the ftutish annv oi tho- e States. Durmgtho
gieaici pan of the tune In; \v;id only a mihti-i officer, under
the command of General Pickens, but it is behoved, al-
though no vciy eondtwve eudence of the fact can now be
obtained, that u 'nil Hie new oiganuatum of the army took
place, in the f;iii of 17?*:), he w a- appointed to a command in
one of the three ic<unicm:s ordeied to be rai^eu in South
Carolina a> her p;m of the continental army, a* it is said in
the Instotv of the limes that he commanded Uie neu levies
of that £iafe at the battle of th" Coivpens'j whom Morgan
obtained a sigt-a! victor/ ovei Tailton.
in Ins account1-', copies of which have been furnished
fiom the eompnoliri otnee of South Oaiohna, ite is styled
sometimes eapuiin, and sometimes colonel. The latter title
ua- piob.ibly a nr.htia title, as the s-emce was peiformed
undci Geneial Pickens a militia general. His rank in tins
new continental retfimwit of the s?tate of South Carolina
wa-i probably that ot a captain. Your committee do not,
under the e^ideuee of the facts of the case. ft;eJ authorized
to give him any higher rank. It appeals, Fatiifactoj i!y. that
m tin* du-cnatge ot Ins nnhtfiiy duty he wa\- atlaekul with
the small-pox. of which he died" ;n the year 1781. Vo  i com-
