1704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
imttee are therefore of opinion that the petitionerisentitled
to the seven yarns' halt pay of her father, she being at the
tune of 1ns dcatii only eleven years of age, and report a hi!!
for that purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
bill read again. It strikes me that it is a very
singular case.
T'he Clerk again read the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, it seems
to me that this is a very singular bill, and founded
on a very curious state of facts. It does not ap-
pear that this man was anything; more than a
militia officer at all. The report itself admits that
he was nothing more than a militia officer, for it
says there is no conclusive evidence that ho was
anything else. I believe the resolution of 1780
only gave half pay to those who enlisted and
served during the war.
Mr. EVANS. Those who served to the end
of the war.
Mr. TOOMBS. And died in the service. If
they died during their service they were entitled
to it; but it appears that this man does not belong
to the class, and that is a sufficient argument.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is the first attempt
of the kind I have ever heard of to introduce into
that class persons who manifestly had no con-
nection with it.
Mr. EVANS. There was no intention, and the
report shows it, to introduce a new class. The
only question was, whether this man belonged to
the class provided for by the i esolution. Itisonly
stated in the report that he belonged to General
Pickens's brigade. That is the fault of the one
who drew the bill. 11c had belonged to General
Pickens's brigade as a militia man, and General
Pickens's brigade was nothing more than militia;
but m 1780, on the reorganization of the army,
three new regiments were ordeicd to be raised in
the State of South Carolina; and the only question
j.*$, whether this man did not belong to t hat portion
of the army. It is stated in the history of the
times, that at the battle of the Cowprns he com-
manded new recruits. Well, the new iecnuts were
those that were ordered to be raised by the reso-
lution of 1780. If so, ha belonged to the regular
army; and if he belonged to the lcgular army,
this biii is all right, it is stated very candidly m
the report, that the proof was not entirely satis-
factory; but the best conclusion I could come to
from all the facts was, that lie did belong to one
of those thive regiments.
Mr. IUGGS. 1 should like to inquire of my
friend from South Carolina if ihis bill does not
come witlnn the principle of the bill discussed at
large at the last session of Congress, to which the
Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] was opposed,
and against which he made a speech ?
Air. EVANS. JNotat. all. That was a bill to
pay, over and above the com mutation which they
had received, the half pay for hie. '(Mint was the
pi ineiple of ihat bill. it docs not alVcct this ,it all.
Dills hki' this hove been passed from year to year
ever since I have been here. The only question
is, whether the man belonged to the class which
was provided for by the resolution ol 1789. My
best judgment was that he did belong to the class,
and therefore the bill was reported.
Mr. BIGGS. I understood, and if I am mis-
taken I desire to be eoi reeled, that on Kiidaylast,
when this bill came tip for consideration, u was
objected to by the Senator from Alabama, not now
m Ins seat, [Mi. Cl\y.J J am awaic, .ts tin-Sen-
ate is, that the Senator from Alabama js v< i y well
posted in regard to these questions of pensions; 1
believe he is a member of the Committer on Pen-
sions, and his exposition of the case m icgard to
the revolutionary pensions, was certainly listened
to by me with a great deal of intciest, and I dei ive
a gieat deal of information from it. His investi-
gation has been a very thorough one of this whole
subject; and I should be unwilling to consent that
this bill should be put upon its passage in his ab-
sence, without the benefit of the light which he
could throw upon it, as he objected to it the other
day. I move, therefore, to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Air. BROWN, i am not going to oppose the
motion to postpone; but 1 am merely about to say
this: the postponement of a bill because Senatois
are not in their places, does not seem to me to
treat claimants outside with justice. The Senate
is the place where Senators ought to be. I did
not noticc, at the time I made the motion, that the
Senator from Alabama was absent; nor was I I
aware that he said anything more the other day, ;
than simply that he objected to the bill, probably
because, as I supposed, he did not precisely un-
derstand it, or wished to look into it. If the point j
is made, I shall not urge the consideration of the i
bill now; but m consenting that it shall go over, j
I do not wish to be understood as giving a con-
sent to the principle that bills must be postponed ;
because Senators are not in their places. They
ought to be in their places. I am perfectly will-
ing that the bill shall be passed over until to-mor-
row.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
RELATIONS WITH PARAGUAY.
Mr. MASON. A short time since, the honor- j
able Senator from Illinois, whom [ do not now ;
see in his seat, [Mr. Douglas,] made a report j
from the Committee on Foreign Relations con- j
ceming the difficulties between the United States 1
and the Republic of Paraguay in South America, j
The report was upon a reference made to that :
committee of a part of the Ptesident's message, [
which I will ask to have read. The committee j
have reported a resolution upon which I ask for |
the action of the Senate. The circumstances are |
of general and public interest, because, as shown ■
by the message of the President, a very gratuitous i
and gross insult was offered to one of our ships by !
the Republic, of Paraguay whilst in a river which i;
formed the boundary between that and the adja-
cent Republic, which remains unatoned for. In j
addition, the President of that Republic has com-
mitted very great spoliations upon the property
of American citizens from the State of Rhode j
Island, who had gone theie under the instigation j
and under the auspices which he held out. I ask \
that the resolution may be taken up for consider- !
ation, and that that part of the President's mcs- ;
sage may be read. j
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded j
to consider the following resolution: ;
Ilesnli'L'i, Thai fni the purpose of adjusting the ditfe>oiices
between the trieted States and the Republic ot Pru.tuiti.iy,
m connection. \\ it lube attack on the United States  ic.iincr
Watct Witch, and with otiier matters relet led to in the an-
nua! message the President, he lie, and i*. hereby, autism -
ized to adopt Mieii measures and um; such foiee a-- mi hts |
judgment mav he neoc-^aty and advisable, in the event ot' '
archival of jiM ?atiM«iehon by the Government of I'ataguay. ,
Air. MASON. I ask that the resolution may
be modified so as to make it a joint resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be so
modified, unless objected to. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr". AlASON. 1 now ask the Clerk to r<jad
that pait of the President's message to w1ik.1i I
referred.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" I tegict !<> infonu \ou that the Incident Par urmv
h;w let'uM'd to ratilv the ticaty between the''titled Suite*
and that Slate, a- amended h\ the Senate, the Mgnafmc ol
winch was mentioned in liie message of mv piedei r^soi to
Conure-,-. at the opening of us m-jmoii in Dcenibet,
The icasons aligned (or tbi-j refusal will appear in the coi-
revpotidcnce herewith submitted.
kk if Ik it is do-iiable to a^cci tain the fitrior-sof the rivet J ,a
Plata and its mhiitaiie< tor navigation by ^ team, the I Tinted
States Meamei Watei Wuch w.is sent thither for that pur-
pose in l ?*,■>.'{ Tin* cntetpn>e wa< successfully can led on
until I-'ehruniy, !when. winNt in the peaceful ptovoca-
tion of bet \oya«xe up the t'aiana uvei, the steamer was
/tied up«m bv a f\n;i<:uayuu fort. The fp-e wa-  lenirned;
but -Is th<' W.ttei \Yii< it w a> of small !<>( v c. and not denned
l>ir oflensive one; alio it-*, Mie i etjied I join the conflict. The
pi."te\t upon v\bieh the a'faek wa-. made was n decree of
the President o' Paia-niny,ot <h to'ioi, it") 1. pin'.iibitmg lor-
oi'? i \ e>-t ( i.<= o{ u ai 11 <mi nnvuzainig the r>v ei^ ol that .State.
A- i\i.agua\ . h'>we\ ci. wa-? the owner ot but one bank of
the i i\vr o; that name, the ot!ier behmgmg to Coi neute-. a
Siar,- of ilio Ai^entme C< nt','iciatj' n, the ic/ht <>f U-, (Jov-
ei n'iien t to expect that 'ueii 'i dervo u on hi he ob'-vcfl. c m-
noi be aeknou I edged. IJutthe \Y.it"i Witch w\i-* not. ptop-
eil.v .-peaking, a \ ew.l-of wat. Sin u'as a small ^teamci,
engaged in a scientuic cute: pi j-c intended fui ti>o ad \ an; age
ofcommeieial States generally. Und'-r thc^e cncum-rtances
( am con-tianied to eon^uiei the attack upon her a<< nnju--
tillable, and a«: catling tor >atbfaction fiom the r.uajcuajan
(wivciiituent.
•'finzen'i of the t/nited States, also, who were o-tah-
!'s!ied in hu-ine*s in I'ataguay, have imd their piop< rty
>e:/ed and tiken liom Ihem. and have otb'M\\i>e b in
tu'iued by the authnt j:ies in an in-.iirin!j .md aiinh aiy man-
ner, which requites iodre^,
'• A demand tor tliese pu'po.^cs wil! he made m a Ilnaimt
conc iliatoi v t pit it Tin-? wii! the moic p.obably be sa anted,
if the Executive shall have authority 10 u-c oihet meain m
the event of aret'u-ui. This in aceoidingly recoumieiut-d
Mr. MASON. Prom the report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, I will ask leave to
read a very few extracts, which will show what ;
led thai comniittec to oiler the rcoomtion whicii
has been read to the Senate. In speaking of tlw?
attack upon the steamer Water Witch, the report
says:
'■ The only reasons ever given for the attack are that
(the President of Paiaguay) had,«ome years after the Water
Witch had been in those wateis, publu-hed a decree for-
bidding foreign vessels-of-war to enter ins nveis. Emihsii
and Fiencli vessch of war now vi^it them. The place
wheie the Water Witch was stuveying was not under the
jurisdiction of Paraguay. Slie was in waters over which
the Argentine Contederauon had, at least, concurrent juris-
diction, and in these she was engaged by authouty of the
published decrees of the Government of that Confederation,
as well as by the direction of our own Government. She
vva?, moi cover, engaged simply in scientific investigations.
With the i'lcudent we concur that this pretext cannot tie
admitted as any excuse for tins attack, and that it was an
outrage winch calls for satisfaction from the Paraguayan
Government."
Tn the attack that was made upon the Water
Witch, by a fort upon the Paraguayan side of the
river, Parana, the man at the helm was killed, and
three others were wounded, and several shots
were fired into the hull of this small steamer. It
was stated by Captain Page, in his official report,
that at the time it was done a large portion of his
crew were absent with him upon an exploring ex-
cursion on shore. The steamer was in command
of the first lieutenant, Lieutenant .Tellers, who ic-
turnrd the lire, but with no other artillery than
small boat-how tzers, which could have no effect;
and finding the frc continued upon him, he was
obliged to wiihdiaw and retreat down the river.
The impossibility even of defending the steamer
was ca'used by the absence of a large portion of
her crew with lite commanding officer, under the
circumstances 1 have mentioned. It is stated in
the report, in addition:
" As early as 18-45, the Government issued decrecs iuvit-
iiu? 101 eiifneis to iMi'n? (D his countiy tlit: implement, mean1*,
and processes otVninu'.it the indn^tty of the countiv, and
pionmmg them the -ame jiitvilcjre extended to inventors.
" IJndei those hpeeial oncourajicnents, arid relying upun
the ptotectton of tf.v? Governnu nt whih: engaged in lawitil
cntei pi^c, a numbe! ot Amcnean merchants sent tlneo
stcamer<, with a huso vauety of the nn|>lemcnts ot Amci
icau industry, to th it countiv, and employed iliere mniu
than twenty Atiiciic.ins in puuin« ihem m opeiation Titty
purchased lands and ejected buildim;--, with the con-entof
(roveinment, e->tablisited ei ar lactones, and the hist saw-
mil! erected east of tin; Ande* and south ol the cquatoi; built
whaives nnd commenced the steam navigation of tho^e
waters. They employed huge numbers of the people of the
country, teaching them the processes ofmanutactures. But
this pucccsrf, being to  their benefit ami the benefit ot his peo
pie. but veiy indirectly enhanced the wealth of Lopez,''' who
was the Pic^ident of the llepubhe. " Jl was not in accoid-
aif'e with the spirit of ln> monopolies, though h« tiaded
with the compativ to some evu-nf !!-■ fir t endeavored to
induce the trained employe of the company to leave their
service ami entei into his own Failing m this, lie pub-
lished the most ai biliary decicr^ ; among others, fo i bidding
toreiL'riers to meet, except for purpose- of societv oi inno-
cent diversion ; thus, o( eoui-e. putting a stop to business.
Also, mi bidding loieiyneis to make pontiles with peon? ot
servant*, e.\e>-pt tipon tetms notified to, and accepted by,
the Government—that i-, hmwli
" lie also induced the people of the eny, who, until tho
eompanv excited his |)'alon-\ nt.d displeasure, had ttcat'^i
ihe Americans with tb.it giat(>tiil kindness which was n.it-
uial towauN honest and well-pajmg employes and bene-
taetor^, to chause that conduct.
'' Tlw Amei icarns vci e cxpn^od to the areatc-t oontunKtc}',
m<ult, and ;is-r-ults m the Afreets and in then houses, which
were the moie inees.-ant when undci the umveisal piotcc
Tion of the police.
"When their enterprise w as thus hioken up, and them-
selvc«: compelled to leave the country, Lopez leln- ed them
pa^poiK and pcimtH lot then cmbatkaiion, unless they
would give up the title of then piop-Mtv; and not without
the mtci position of Connuamfci Pa e would he \Mtlwhnw
his claim and allow them the pofsibiluj' ot escape to their
own eouuirv '
It npp>is from the documents accompanying
this leport that merchants, I think chiefly from
tho St.ite of Rhode Island, under the inducements
held out bv the Gowrnment of Paraguay, had
sent these steamers with a very large supply of
maehmeiy of various kinds—which they were en-
abled safely to carry to that country—which they
put up and put into successful operation, and by
the permission of the Government, they had em-
ployed a number of peons, as they are called—
the natives of the country, the Indians—in their
employment. They weicm very successful op-
eration when they were thus suddenly, violently,
and without cause, broken up and driven off by
Lopez, who was the President of the Republic,
Fur this, I think very properly, the President of
the United States, in his message, states that ho
wJi take measures to demand redress; and I am
informed, unofficially, that a vessel of proper size
—a small one, however—has already been sent to
that country, and that it is the intention to send
out Captu:n Page, who will sail probably asearly
as the 1st of May, in & small steamer, to coop-
