618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
tions and telling them to choose one of them, for
they shall go no further, and then we shall have
peace!
Sir, let me tell the President of theTJnited States,
and all others, that the opposition to slavery in
this country is now a sentiment, an idea—not to
slavery as it exists in the States, not a desire to
interfere with your institutions anywhere; but a
determination, if possible, to arrest its progress
over the free territories of this country, because
it is believed to be a curse. Although that senti-
ment was covered up in the ashes of the compro-
mise of 1850, buried so deep that it seemed as if
it would never again spring into life, you your-
self exhumed it; you added fuel to the sparks that
were buried; you kindled that sentiment into a'
flame; you have been heaping combustible mate-
rial on it from that day to the present, until at last
you are in a fair way to make it a conflagration.
Upon you be the consequence if it be so. It is
not forthe President to cry " Peace!" at the con-
summation of an outrage, when the very begin-
ning of it excited the detestation of the commu-
nity in which he was born and bred.
But, sir, we go further than that. That is to
be the consequence on the one side. What is to
be on the other ? We are told that we are to have
a crisis, and the Union is to be dissolved. I ex-
pressed ray opinion on that topic four years ago.
We have had resolutions in the newspapers from
the State of Alabama, that if Kansas shall not be
admitted under the Lecompton constitution, it
would be time to look about and see how this
Union could hold together. We have had itstarted
in one or two other of the States of the South.
We have had it from the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] and from other Sen-
ators. They tell us that then will be a crisis;
the moment the people of this country get divided
into parties,North and South,on a question that
is important to them,and the people of the North
triumph at the polls under the Constitution, then
the time has arrived, the crisis has come, when
the Union is to be dissolved ! Sir, if 1 did not
think it was to be a very serious matter in some
respects, I could laugh at this idea. At any rate,
it reminds me of a story familiar to all of you
probably, though I never saw it until yesterday.
This disposition, which gentlemen have on all
occasions, to get up a crisis whenever anything
looks against their peculiar view of a subject, and
to inform us thut the time has arrived, with the
idea that people can be frightened from their pro-
priety, is illustrated by a story which I saw in the
newspapers, something like this: A celebrated
general ill the last war is said, in one of the bat-
tles 011 the advance to the city of Mexico, to have
rode up to Captain Duncan, who was in charge of
a battery, anu, with a very grave and sober face,
told him: " Captain Duncan, fire; the crisis has
arrived." Duncan turned to his men,with matchcs
all lighted and ready, and gave the order to fire.
An old artilleryman walked up to him and said:
" Captain, 1 do not see any enemy within range
of our guns; what shall we fire at?" " Fire at
the crisis," was the response; " did you not hear
the General say the crisis has come; file at that."
[Laughter.] So it is with gentlemen, I think, in
reference to this matter. They are always charged
and ready to fire at the crisis. 1 believe it has
arrived half a dozen times within my recollection.
What I wish to say on that point is, that I look
on it with great seriousness, but without a particle
of apprehension. We in the free States have
rights under the Constitution of the United States,
and we have determination enough to enforce ami
sustain them. We are not to be driven from the
position we have assumed by any threats of a dis-
ruption of the Union. We have no particular pre-
tentious exclamations to utter with regard to our
great attachment to it. Let that attachment be
proved by our works. We willstand by the Union
of this country so long as it is worth standing by;
and let me say to gentlemen that the moment the
time arrives when it is to be used as an argument
to us, " you must yield on a question which you
consider vital to your interest and your rights, or
we shall take measures to dissolve the Union;" my
answer is, that if we do yield, the Union has
ceased to have any value for me. So long as I
stand upon American soil, a freeman with equal
rights with others, and power to enforce them ac-
cording to my ability, unrestricted, unrestrained,
and unterrified, too, this Union is valuable to mc;
but when the hour comes when that privilege, no
longer exists, when I hold my rights by the tenure
of yielding to weak fears, I am willing to see any
consequences follow, so far as I am concerned,or
so far as my people are concerned. Let not gen-
tlemen indulge themselves with the hope that so
far as the people of the free States are concerned,
all these resolutions passed by southern Legisla-
tures about dissolving the Union, and all these
mass meetings held for the same purpose, and all
intimations thrown out here to the sameeffect, arc
to produce any possible result so far as the determ-
ination of free-State men is concerned on this
question.
The Senator from Mississippi spoke of com-
promises that had been made, and said he wanted
no more compromises. Sir, I want no more com-
promises on this matter. There is no room for
compromises. I agree with him that there have
been compromises enough. As addressed to a
northern man, if the Senate will aliow me to quote
poetry again, and I shall not trouble them much
in that way, it means this and this only:
*( Northward it hath this sense alone
That you, your conscience blinding,
Should bow your fool's nose to the stone
When slavery feels like grinding."
Sir, I want to be ground no more under such
compromises. The question that is presented to
the people of this country is a simple question;
shall slavery, with all its blighting and ail its po-
litical power, be extended over the free Territo-
ries of the Union? Not by my consent. Never
will I compromise upon one single point, so far as
I am individually concerned, that will allow what
I consider to be a death-blow to all the free prin-
ciples of our institutions to be extended over one
solitary foot of free soil beneath the circuit of the
sun.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I do not
rise for the purpose of entering into the discussion
to-day, as it has been very generally understood
that we arc to lake the vote on the motion for ref-
erence. I merely rise to give notice that when the
report of the Committee on Territories shall be
i presented, and the question shall be before us, on
some tangible issue upon which our votes may
determine what is to be the fate of this measure,
I shall take occasion to answer, as best I may,
some of the extraordinary arguments and propo-
tions put forth to-day by the honorable Senator
from Maine. I shall not characterize them any
further. They have been put forth with great in-
genuity and power, but I think they are utterly
incompetent to stand the test of examination or
analysis.
Mr. CLAY. With the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, who has just taken his seat, I do not
propose to say anything on this question at this
time. I agiee with the majority of the Senate,
that it is proper it should be referred at once to the
committee to which it properly belongs; but inas-
much as the Senator from Maine alluded to some
late legislative action of the State which I have the
honor in part to represent, I wish to take occasion
now to say, that I shall endeavor, at the proper
time, to show that the State of Alabama has only
taken the ground which has hitherto been assumed
by every southern State of this Confederacy, with
' perhaps the exception of one or two. I am pre-
pared to sustain that ground; and 1 shall endeavor
to fortify it by arguments which are unanswer-
able, and which are derived from the Constitution
of the country and its political history. I shall
not protract this discussion at the present time;
but in reply to what the Senator from Maine has
rather vauntingly said, I say that when the prin-
ciples which arc enunciated in these resolutions
of my State are forgotten or unheeded by Con-
j gress, then, like him, I may say, this Union will
have no charms for me. I trust that my State
, will never dishonor herself by retreating from the
j position which she has assumed.
| Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, at some proper
I time I shall have some opinions to express on
j this great question, which I regard as presenting
I an important stage in the advance of civilization
; on this continent; and I hope, when that time
| comes, I shall have listened to the arguments
; which have been promised us by the very able
Senator from Louisiana and the very able Sen-
ator from Alabama. If they shall convince me
that their positions are in accordance with the
Constitution, I shall surrender any prejudices I
have to the contrary. But I confess that I have
very little expectation of that kind. I think that
if those honorable Senators will turn their atten-
tion to the question whether it is possible that
African slave labor can be made, by any applica-
tion of human wealth, or human talent, or human
power that can be combined, to rescue the unset-
tled portions of this continent from the invasion
of free labor, increasing as it is in this country,
and increasing by the immigration from abroad,,
they will find a profitable subject of inquiry. I
regard that as totally impossible; and therefore I
regard this attempt to force slavery into Kansas
as abortive, as one that must utterly fail and bring
on those who have been engaged in it the morti-
fication of attempting to carry out, through the
patronage of the Federal Government of the United
States, a scheme not more destructive to the best
interests of society than it is incompatible with
the laws of nature.
Mr. President, I did not rise to say this so much
as to say that I regret to hear Senators express
the opinion that in any case, or under any circum-
stances, this Union will cease to have a value for "
them. I have no belief that the Union is going'
to cease at all; and I have no belief that it will
cease to confer on all of us all the benefits for
which it was designed; and whatever our indi-
vidual opinions and feelings may be, as evolved
in the heat of this debate, I do not believe at all
that we shall reflect the opinions of ourconstit-;
uents, the people of the several States,if we suffer-
ourselves to believe that thoy sympathize in such -
utterances. The people of the United States will
have this Union. There has been found at last
in this country a Government which is a Govern-
ment of the people, and in which every man who
exercises the rights of a freeman exercises also
the powers of a sovereign. That end having been
attained in this country for the first time, I believe
that those who suppose the people can be induced
to overthrow it utterly miscalculate the character
of mankind in general, and especially the character
and the intelligence of the people of this Union.
Sir, whatever may be the decision of this ques-
tion, 1 am prepared to see the people of that region
of country m which I reside still upholding the
Union; and I believe that they are of the same
race, the same kindred, and the same education
with the people of all the other portions of this
Union, and that the Union will survive not only
all threats and all alarms, but all fears, and will
come out triumphantly. I believe it will come
outa free nation in the highest and proudest sense
of the term. I expcct to see this Union stand
until there shall not be the footstep of a slave im-
pressed upon the soil that it protects, although
that soil will be extended, for ought I know, from
the north pole to the Caribbean sea, as it has
already extended from the Atlantic to the Pacific
ocean.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to be the general *
impression that the debate had better be postponed
until the subject shall be reported back from the
Committee on Territories; 1 hope, therefore, it
will be the pleasure of the Senate now to take the
question. I agree entirely with the opinion that
it is far better to postpone the debate until then,
and take up the subject when the report is made,
and when we shall all be better posted in regard
to the facts. Otherwise, I should be pleased my-
self to express my cordial concurrence with the
policy which has been recommended by the Chief
Magistrate of the United States in this message,
which I think is unjustly and harshly dealt with
un the other side of the House.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to express my concur-
rence not only with the message of the President,
but my hearty approbation of the high motive
which actuated him when he wrote it. In that,
paper breathes the sentiment of a patriot, and it
stands out in bold contrast with the misetahle
slang by which he was pursued this morning. It .
may serve the purposes of a man who little re-
gards the Union to perpetrate a joke on the haz-
ard of its dissolution. It may serve the purpose
of a man who never looks to his own heart to
find there any impulsesof honor, to arraign every-
body, the President and the Supreme Court, and
to have them impeached and vilified on his mere
suspicion. It ill becomes such a man to point to
southern institutions as to him a moral leprosy,
which he is to pursue to the end of extermina-
tion, and perverting everything, ancient and mod- •
