1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
610
ern, to bring it tributary to his own malignant
purposes. Not even could that clause of the Con- ■
stitution which refers to the importation or mi- !
gration of persons, be held up to public consider- j
ation by the Senator in a studied argument save j
as a permission for the slave trade. Then every- |
"thing that is most prominent in relation to the |
protection of property in that instrument he holds j
to have been swept away by a statute which pro-
hibited the further importation of Africans. The
language of that clause of the Constitution is far
broader than the importation of Africans. It is
not confined or limited at all to that subject. It
" The migration or importation of such persons as any of
the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall
not bo prohibited by the Congress prior to the year 1808,
but a tax or duty may be imposed oh such importation, not
exceeding ten dollars for each person."
That was a power given to Congress far broader
than the slave trade; and yet the Senator gravely
argues that when that prohibition against the fur-
ther importation of Africans took place by act of
Congress, thenceforward the constitutional shield
which had been thrown over slave property fell.
Sir, it is the only private property in the United
States which is specifically recognized in the Con-
stitution and protected by it.
There was a time when there was a higher and
holier sentiment among the men who represented
the people of this country. As far back as the
time of the Confederacy, when no narrow, mis-
erable prejudice between the northern and south-
ern men governed those who ruled the States, a
committee of three, two of whom were northern
men, reporting upon what they considered the bad
faith of Spain in Florida, in relation to fugitive
slaves, proposed that negotiations should be insti-
tuted to require Spain to surrender, as the States
did then surrender, all fugitivesescaped into their
limits. Hamilton and Sedgwick from the North,
and Madison from the South, made that report—
men, the loftiness of whose purpose and genius
might put to shame the puny efforts now made to
disturb that which lies at the very foundation of
the Government under which we live.
A man not knowing into what presence he was
introduce, coming into this Chamber, might for
a large part of this session have supposed that
here stood the representatives of belligerent States,
and that instead of men assembled here to confer
together for the common welfare, for the general
good, he saw here ministers from States preparing
to make war upon each other, and then he would
have felt that vain indeed was the vaunting of the
prowess of the one to destroy another. Or if,
sir, he had known more, if he had recognized the
representatives of the States of the Union, still
he would have traced through this same eternal,
petty agitation about sectional success, that limit
which cannot fail, however the Senator from New
York may regret it, to bring about a result which
every man should, from his own sense of honor,
feel when he takes his seat in this Chamber, that
lie is morally bound to avoid as long as he retains
possession of his seat. To express myself more
distinctly, I hold that a Senator, while he sits
here as the representative of a State in the Fed-
eral Government', is in the relation of a minister
to a friendly court, and that the moment he sees
this Government in hostility to his own,the day
he resolves to make war on this Government, his
honor and the honor of this State compcl him to
vacate the seat he holds.
It is a poor evasion for any man to say, " I
make war on the rights of one whole section; I
make war on the principles of the Constitution;
and yet 1 uphold the Union, and I desire to see it
perpetuated.M Undermine the foundation, and
still pretend that he desires the fabric to stand !
Common sense rejects it. No one will believe the
man who makes the assertion, unless he believes
him under the charitable supposition that he
knows not what he is doing.
Sir, we are arraigned day after day as the ag-
gressive power. What southern Senator, during
this whole session, has attacked any portion, or
any interest, of the North ? In what have we
now, or ever, back to the earliest period of our
history, sought to deprive the North of any ad-
vantage it possessed ? The whole charge is, and
has been, that we seek to extend our own insti-
tutions into the common territory of the United
States. Well and wisely has the President of the
United States pointed to that common territory
as the joint possession of the country. Jointly
we held it, jointly we enjoyed it, in the eailier
period of our country; but when, in the progress
of years, it became apparent that it could not
longer be enjoyed in peace, the men of that day
took upon themselves, wisely or unwisely, a
power which the Constitution did not confer; and,
by a geographical line, determined to divide the
Territories, so that the common field, which broth-
ers could not cultivate m peace, should be held
severally for the benefit of each. Wisely or un-
wisely, that law was denied extension to the Pa-
cific ocean. I was struck, in the course of these
debates, to which I have not been in the habit of
replying, to hear the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale,] who so very ardently opposed
the extension of that line to the Pacific ocean, who
held it to be a political stain upon the history of
our country, and who would not even allow the
southern boundary of Utah to be the parallel of
36° 30', because of the political implication which
was contained in it, the historical character of the
line, plead as he did, a few days ago, for the con-
stitutionality and legality,and forthe sacred char-
acter, of that so-called Missouri compromise.
I, for one, never believed Congress had the
power to pass that law; yet, as one who was will-
ing to lay down much then, as I am now, to the
peace, the harmony, and the welfare of our com-
mon country, I desired to sec that line extended
to the Pacific ocean, and that strife which now
agitates the country never renewed; but with a
distinct declaration, "go ye to the right, and we
will go to the left; and we go in pcace and good
will towards each other." Those who refused
then to allow the extension of that line, those who
declared then that it was a violation of principle,
and insisted on what they termed non-interven-
tion, must have stood with very poor grace in the
same Chamber when, at a subsequent period, the
Senator from Illinois, bound by his honor on ac-
count of his previous course, moved the repeal of
that line to throw open Kansas; they must have
stood with very bad grace in this presence, to
argue that that line was now sacred, and must be
kept forever.
The Senator from Illinois stood foremost as
one who was willing, at an early period, to sac-
rifice his own prejudices and his own interests, if,
indeed, his interests be girt and bounded by the
limits of a State, by proposing to extend that line
of pacification to the Pacific ocean; and failing in
that, then became foremost in the advocacy of the
doctrkieof non-intervention; and upon that I say
he was in honor bound to wipe out that line and
throw Kansas open, like any other Territory.
But, sir, was it then understood by the Senator
from Illinois, or anybody else, that tit rowing open
the Territory of Kansas to free emigration was to
be the signal for the marching of cohorts from one
section or another to fight on that battle-field for j
mastery? Or did he not rather think that cmigra- j
tion was to be allowed to take its course, and soil
and climate be permitted to decide the great ques-
tion ? We were willing to abide by it. We were
willing to leave natural causes to decide the ques-
tion. Though I dillerod from the Senator from
New York, though I did not believe that natural
causes, if permitted to flow in their own channel,
would have produced any other result than the
introduc ion of slave property into the Territory
of Kansas,! am free to admit that I have not yet
reached the conclusion that that property would
have permanently remained there. That is a
question which interest decides. Vermont would
not keep African slaves because they were not
valuable to her; neither will any population whose
density is so great as to trade rapidly on the sup-
ply of bread, be willing to keep and maintain an
improvident population, to feed them in infancy,
to care for them in sickness, to protect them in
age; and thus it will be found in the history of
nations, that whenever population has reached
that density in the temperate zones, serfdom, vil-
lenage, or slavery, whatever it has been called,
has disappeared. Ours presents a new problem,
one not stated by those who wrote on it in the
earlier period of our history. It is the problem
of a scmi-tropical climate, the problem of mala-
rial districts, of staple products. This produces
a lesult different from that which would be found
in the farming districts and cooler climates. A
race suited to our labor exists there. Why f
should we care whether they go into other Terri-:
tories or not? Simply because of the war that'
is made against our institutions; simply because
of-the want of security which results from the
action of our opponents in the northern States.'
Had you made no political war upon us, had you
observed the principles of our Confederacy as
States, that the people of each State were to talje
care of their domestic affairs, or, in the language
of the Kansas bill, to be left perfectly free to form
and regulate their institutions in their own way,
then, I say, within the limits of each State tne
population there would have gone on to attend to
their own affairs, and have had little regard to
whether this species of property or any other was
held in any othe'r portion of the Union. You
have made it a political war. We are on the de-
fensive. How far are you to push us?
The Senator from Alabama has been compelled
to notice the resolutions of his State; nor does
that State stand alone. To what issue are you
now pressing us ? To the conclusion that because
within the limits of a Territory slaves are held as
property, a State is to be excluded from the Union.
I am not in the habit of paying hp-service to the
Union. The Union is strong enough to confer'
favors; it is strong enough to command service.
Under these circumstances, the man deserves but
little credit who sings paeans to its glory. If'
through a life, now not a short one, a large portion'
of which has been spent in the public service, I
have given no better proof of my affection for this
Union than my declarations, I have lived to little
purpose, indeed. I think I have given evidence
in every form in which patriotism is ever subjected
to a test, and I trust whatever evil may be in store
for us by those who wage war on the Constitu-
tion and our rights under it, that I shall be able
to turn at least to the past and say, " up to that
period when I was declining into the grave, I
served a Government I loved, and served it with
my whole heart." Nor will 1 stop to compare
services with those gentlemen who have fair
phrases, whilst they undermine the very founda-
tion of the temple our fathers built. If, however,
there be here those who do really love the Union
and the Constitution, which is the life-blood of
the Union, the time has come when we should
look calmly, though steadily, the danger which
besots us, m the face.
Violent speeches denunciatory of people in any '
particular section of the Union; the arraignment
of institutions which they inherited and intend to
transmit, as leprous spots on the body politic, are
not the means by which fraternity is to be pre-
served, or this Union rendered perpetual. These
were not the arguments which our fathers made
when, through the struggles of the revolutionary
war, they laid the foundation of the Union. These
are not the principles on which our Constitution,
I a bundle of compromises, was made. Then the
navigating and the agricultural States did not war
to see which could mostinjurc tho other; but each
conceded something from that which it believed
to be us own interest, to promote the welfare of
the other. Those debates, whilst they brought
up all that struggle which belong to opposite in-
tercuts and opposite localities, show none of that*
bitterness which so unfortunately characterizes
every debate in which this body is involved.
The meanest thing—I do not mean otherwise
than the smallest thing—which can arise among '
us, incidentally, runs into this sectional agitation
as though it were an epidemic, end gave its type
to every disease. Not even could the committees
of this body, when we firstassembled, before any
one had the excuse of excitement to plead, be or-
ganized without sectional agitation springing up.
Forcibly, I suppose gravely and sincerely, it was
contended here that a great wrong was done be-
cause New York, the great commercial State, and
the emporium of commerce within her limits,
was not represented upon the Committee of Com-
merce. This will go forth to remote corners, and
dcscend, perhaps, to after times as an instance in
which the Democratic party of the Senate behaved
with unfairness towards its opponents; for with
it will not desccnd the fact that the Democratic
party arranged for itself its portion of the com-
mittees, taking the control of them, and left blanks
on the committees to be filled by the Opposition;
that the Opposition did fill the blanks; that the Op-
position had both the Senators from New York;
but did not choose to put either of them on that
