mm.
erate with that expedition. It is for the purpose
of authorizing the President to use such force as
he may deem necessary to procure proper repa-
ration from this distant Power that the resolution
has been offered by the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
It would appearfrom the report of Captain Page,
which is embodied in the report of the committee,
that he had gone into those waters notonly under
the decree, but by the express invitation, of the
Argentine Confederation, and was in the river
Parana, over which, at least, that Confederation
held concurrent jurisdiction with the offending
Power, the Republic of Paraguay. He was absent
for some three years and four or five months, and
during that time succeeded in penetrating a num-
ber of those rivers, with the assent of the adjacent
country, and obtained a great deal of valuable in-
formation for the mercantile interests of our coun-
try and for mercantile intercourse; and at one
time I think he went, with a small steamer which
drew nine feet of water, as far as seventeen hun-
dred miles from the ocean by the river, when he
was compelled to return because of this violent
and unprovoked attack upon him by the Republic
of Paraguay. I hope it will be the pleasure of the
Senate to pass the resolution.
Mr. AjLLEN. Mr. President, I am well ac-
quainted with those merchants of Rhode Island,
who were concerned in investing a very large
amount of property in the expedition to Para-
guay. They are of the highest character, and
men of great responsibility. Their investment, I
presume, amounted to several hundred thousand
dollars, which has nearly all been lost. I hope
some measures will be taken to obtain redress.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will simply add to what
the chairman of the committee has stated, that I
investigated this subject thoroughly as a member
of the Committee on Foreign Relations; examined
all the papers accompanying the report; and I con-
cur fully in what the chairman of the committee
has said.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have heard this report.
Now, Mr. President, in relation to all countries,
unless they are uncivilized and barbarous, having
no regular forms of government, and not reeip- j
rocatmgthe interchange of proper representatives
and ministers, the course of proceeding: has been
uniform, in cases of any violence, for the Execu-
tive to send to them the proper messengers, the
proper officers, organs, and representatives of the
Government, to demand redress. Negotiations j
are opened, and, if possible, redress is effected,
or satisfaction in some way furnished or given.
The Executive, in performing this duty, undoubt- j
edly may use the naval force which we have, and j
which tlie President is now using, by sending [
steam-vessels, or other proper ships or frigates,
to represent the country there. But as to using
the force, the usual course 1 say has been this:
after the executive Government have exercised
all their powers, after they have exhausted all
peaceful measures of obtaining redress, then they '
lay the matter before Congress, stating what they
have done, submitting the correspondence which i
they have held, and the communications which
have been had, and leave it to Congress to say
whether they will order reprisals, or whether they 1
will declare war, or what other measures they will
authorize.
That has been the uniform course of our Gov-
ernment. I understand this resolution to go much
further than this, and to propose the use of force.
The President says he will use his means; he will
send the proper officers and messengers to obtain :
redress, and he will endeavor to obtain it peace- I
fully and quietly. Very well. We further nr.- ;
derstand that he proposes to send some show of j
naval force there with his messengers. Well, sir, J
that may be a wholesome dieting of the people. |;
That is all very well, if he will not use force and jj
violence, so that he may show at least an appear- j!
ance of being in earnest. i;
Eut, sir, the proposition now is to clothe this !j
President with powerto use absolute force, if I un-
derstandit aright. Itis in effect to authorize him j'
to make a war, to use force and violence in rela- !j
tion to that people, if he cannot obtain redress by
peaceable means. I have nothing to say by way 11
of objection to what is necessary, for times and ij
occasions may arise when it may be necessary to ij
use force; but that is war de facto; and while the ;!
Constitution has reserved to Congress alone the 11
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1705
power to declare war, I am unwilling, and it is
an unprecedented thing, 1 think, to clothe the
President with power to exercise war, actual force
and violence, against any civilized peopig.
These are the difficulties which I have, and
which,for the present, will prevent my voting for
the resolution until it be in some way explained,
or until some parallelism between this and some
precedent heretofore exercised by our Govern-
ment, shall be furnished.
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on Foreign
Relations doubtless have given this subject the
consideration which it demands. It is a very
grave question. It is a grave question in thislight:
the commerce of the Province of Paraguay is
one of the most important on the whole La Plata.
It has not yet been engrossed by any foreign
country. Non-intercourse has been the policy of
the Administration there. We are just about
seeking to establish ourselves as favorites in this
commerce. Some of our vessels have found their
way up the river already. It appears to me to
be a very novel method of establishing friendly
relations with Paraguay, to clothe the President
with power to send an armed vessel to seek re-
dress for past grievances. I would not venture
this opinion in the face of a committee who have
examined the subject, had I not the best author-
ity for saying that the Government of Paraguay
are ready at any moment to make any proper re-
dress for any grievances we have suffered at their
hands. If I am correctly informed, the son of the
late President, General Lopez, who may now be
at the head of affairs there, is the influential per-
son in the Administration of the country. He has
said, and said frequently and openly, that had he
been present—he was commanding the military
force of Paraguay when the outrage was commit-
ted—he would have prevented it; and that when-
j ever the time came to make redress, he would
I see that it was made, acknowledging the wrong.
i Up to this hour, we have taken no legitimate
and proper steps to right this wrong. We formed
a treaty. It is a matter of public notoriety, pub-
lished in the English papeis, that the treaty was
rejected by Paraguay, or rather not acted upon,
because it had lain for two years at the mouth of
the river, at the city of Buenos Ayres. We sent
a minister; we charged him with the affairs of
Paraguay. He did not go within one thousand
eight hundred miles of his proper destination; he
remained at Buenos Ayres the whole time, and
never went to Paraguay. When we sent a charge,
subsequently, he found the treaty still remaining
in the office of the minister, and Paraguay had
never heaid of it. This messenger carried it to
Conception. When General Lopez saw it, as the
English papers state, he found fault with the
American Government, because the Senate had
made thirty-three amendments to a treaty which
he had negotiated, and which would have expired
by its own limitations ft very short time. He
immediately offered to make a now treaty, ac-
knowledging the wrong inflicted on our vessel;
and he desired to right it, and said he wished to
have the most friendly relations with the Ameri-
can Government; but our agent had no authority
to make a new treaty, and reported that fact to
this Government.
Now, sir, I am exceedingly anxious to see
measures taken to right the wrong complained of
by these Rhodo island merchants; but I venture j
to say that, whenever this matter shall be inves- j
tigated, we shall find that they have not been with- j
out wrong on their side also, and that some of the j
complaints of General Lopez, the President of j
Paraguay, are founded injustice, and that we our- :
selves will have to acknowledge it. There are j
concessions to be made on both sides. I submit j
here whether or not it would not be best to strike j
out as much of the resolution as authorizes the j;
President to use such force as exigencies may de- j
mand there. There would be no force required, j
Send an agent to Paraguay who understands the !
theory of the Government, who speaks the lan- j
guage of the country, and you will deal with an j|
Administration not only anxious to right those i"
wrongs, but anxious to be placed on the most 1
fiieiidiy footing with the Ameiican Government. !
We shall find that we are dealing with friends,
not enemies. She is a young Republic, and is now
on the tferge of a war with Buenos Ayres, which,
under the name of the Argentine Confederation,
has been overshadowing all (he other Republics i.
there. It would be exceedingly ungracious to send
a message of this kind' to her when sfteis on,the
eve of a war with a large Power."
,Mr. HUNTER. The hour has now* arrived
for the consideration of the special order; I call
for it.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to inqaire
whether the report of the sclect committee, ac-
companying the bill for the ascertainment and set-
tlement of claims for French spoliations, has been
printed? I have not seen it. It was made long
ago. If it has been printed, I desire merely to give
notice that I shall, on Wednesday next, desire to
call upthat bill for consideration. If there has
not been an order for printing, I hope one will be
made.
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly it ought to be made.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I supposed one had
been made on my motion. I certainly so under-
stood.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that both the report and bill have been
printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then I will say, that
on Wednesday next, if it be the pleasure of the
Senate, I shall call up that bill for consideration.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
306) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1858, the pending question being on Mr.
Fessenden's amendment to add the following ad-
ditional section:
Rec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no part of the
amount appropriated by tins act for the service of any one
fiscal year shall be used for, or applied to, the service of any
other year, nor be translated to or used for any other branch
of expenditure than that for winch it is specifically appro-
priated. And no contract for Army supplies, or service of
any description, shall be hereafter made during the session
of Congress, except under a law authorizing the same, or
under an appropriation adequate to its fulfillment; nor shall
any such contract be made hereafter, at any time, without
previous public advertisement for proposals respecting the
same.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to ascertain from
the Senator from Maine if he desires to accom-
plish what I think that amendment will provide
in this respect. The moneys which are appropri-
ated in this bill are appropriated for this fiscal
year. Does he mean that they shall be applied
only to services to be performed within the fiscal
year? Now, it is known that a large portion of
this appropriation is especially designed, although
it is in what is called a deficiency bill, for the ser-
vice of the next fiscal year—so far as subsistence
is concerned, for twenty months ahead. There-
fore, if his amendment be passed, none of this
money could be used for the very purposes which
were contemplated when the bill was brought in.
It could only be used for service performed within
this fiscal year. If anything should be required
. after the 1st of July next, no'part of this appro-
' priation could be used. Is that his intention ?
! Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill, Mr. President,
j may need amendment m that particular. There
I is another amendment, which I have laid upon
j the table, and which I propose to offer in case this
| be adopted, which would be an answer to the
1 question put by the Senator from Virginia. The
! difficulty with this bill is, that it confounds ap-
propriations for different terms. In my judg-
ment it is very inaccurate, and should have been
amended. The account of what is necessary to
be appropriated,going to make up this aggregate,
may be found in one of the miscellaneous docu-
ments which the Finance Committee had before
them. That document sets out that there isade-
fioiency under several heads of expenditure, as
tlie chairman undoubtedly recollccts, for the year
1357. It also states that there will be certain de-
ficiencies for the year 1858, this present year; that
is to say, that there is a want of a sufficient ap-
propriation to meet the calls of this year. It then
goes on to state that another very large amount,
making more than half the sum appropriated in
the bill, is required for the purposes of the next
fiscal year, and of the fiscal year succeeding the
next, up to a certain point; tnat is to say, for the
year closing July I, 1859, and a part of the year
closing in July, I860, and all these appropriations
ore prospective, and have reference to prospective
operations in Utah.
