1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2729
Speaker of the House had signed the foMowing
enrolled bills; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Vice President:
An act for the relief of John B. Roper;
An act for the relief of Timothy O'Keeflee;
An act for the relief of David Bruce;
An act for the relief of Ferdinand 0. Miller;
An act for the relief of Judith Nott;
An act for the relief of Thomas Hasam and B.
S. Brewster;
An act for the relief of the heirs of William
Tarvin, deceased;
An act for the relief of Cornelius H. Latham;
An act for the relief of Dr. Thomas AntiseH;
An act for the relief of Gardner Vincent and
others;
An act for the relief of Keep, Bard & Co., J.
Caulfield, and Joseph Landis & Co.;
An act for the relief of Mrs. Harnett O. Read,
executrix of the late Brevet Colonel A. C. W.
Fanning, of the United States Army;
An act to confnm the sale of the reservation
held by the Christian Indians, and to provide a
permanent home for said Indians; and
An act for the relief of Peter Parker „
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 5th instant, an act for the relief of Thomas
Plienix, jr.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, from the House of Repre-
sentatives, weie read twice by their titles, and
refened to the Committee on the J udteiarv:
A bill (No. G47) to change the time of holding
the spring' term of the district court of the United
States for the western district of Texas; and
A bill (No. 648) for the relief of Gottlieb Schre-
rer.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. I3IGLER. I move that the special orders
be postponed for the purpose of taking up the
joint resolution to extend the session of Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. I will suggest to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that to-morrow, m the morn-
ing hour, we can dispose of that. If he should
succeed m getting it up now, the whole effect
would be to have a debate on it, and postpone
action on the appropiialion bills. We had better
go on with them, at least, after the morning hours.
The motion was not agreed to.
ng liour«.
,v
N.AVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate,as m Committee of the Whole,pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 199) making
appropriations for the naval servicc for the year
ending June 30, 1859, which had been repoited
by the Committee on Finance with an amend-
ment, to msertafter hue two hundred and twenty-
three:
To enable the Secretary of the. Navy to pay the salary or'
Profosor James I'. Espv, $2,000. the payment to be made
m the same inannei and under the like control a- lonner
appiopriations for meicoiologR.il observations: ProculeJ,
Thatthe einplovmentof a meteorologist, undei the contract
of the riecretaiy of the Navy, thail cea e on and alter the
30tlvof June, IboJ.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, if there was not some
action of that committee on this subject? It stukes
me there was. !
Mr. MALLORY. None.
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment is one in
which I feel no interest. I do not see in his seat
the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] who
does feel an interest in the matter. I understand
it is to allow Mr. Espy to hold his salary for one
year, and no more.
Mr. TOOMBS. The amendment is a very mer-
itorious one, and I hope it will prevail. It will
close the whole work. The Senator from Mary-
land, on the Financc Committee, has attended to
the matter, and understands it. £ have looked
into it for some years past, and I understand that,
with this appropriation, he will be able to con-
tinue his observations, and close them within the
year. It is only for a year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I have some amendments
to offer from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The first is, on page 1, after line six, to insert:
That the Secretary of the Navy, under the direction of
the Pr^ident of the United States, be, and he is hereby,
autuonaed to cause a stone dry-dock lor the naval service
to be constructed upon the mo>t appioved plan at the navy-
yard at Pensacola, Floiuia; and thcu, towaids defravmg
the expense thereof, the sum of .$100,000 he, and the same
is hereby, appropuated, to be paid out of any money m the
Tieasury not uthcnvise appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the Senate will not
agree to commence such a work at this time, and
on this bill. I do not know that it is recommended
by any Department; I do not know that wc have
any estimate of its cost; I do not know that we
have laid before us any statement of the depth of
water on the bar, to know wh-ether we could get
a ship of the line over, if we had the stone dock.
It seems to me that this is a most unpropitious
time to commence the work, and I hope the Sen-
ate will notagree to do it. We are making large
appropriations if we go to the amountthat is esti-
mated for; but if we exceed that amount and add
as now proposed by undertaking these costly
works, it will be impossible to bring the expend-
itures of the Government within the means which
are provided for the next fiscal year; and this is
a matter of so much importance that I hope the
Senate will consider it well before they add any
such expenditure. It is to be commenced with
an appropriation of $100,000; but will ten times
$100,000 finish it? Is this a time for it, when we
have no estimate, and when wc have no proof of
the capacity of this harbor for ships of the line,
even if we were to build the dock ? I hope it will
be postponed.
Mr. MALLORY. I am sorry to see my friend
front Vngmia so much in error on this occasion,
for he is usually very accurate. He says we have
no estimate. Sir, the estimate has been before us
two years. A detailed report has been before us
two years. It lias been twice recommended to
this body; and the Senator from Virginia himself,
two years ago, advocated this very measure, and
voted for it. I anticipated his opposition now®
and looked at what he said two years ago; and
here is his language: " I believe we are acting
wrongly in this matter in opposing this amend-
ment. The wooden dock at Pensacola, it is said,
is worn out." The. report then had come in, of
a board of three engineers, announcing that the
dock would last five years from that time, and no
longer, unless it were reconstructed; " and, it so,
they are entitled to n new one. I must vote with
the Senator from Florida upon this question."
Now the Senator from Virginia turns round, upon
this occasion, and votes against it on the ground
that there is no estimate. Why, sir, the estimate
is here, printed in duo form. That disposes of
that ground. The depth of water on the bar of
Pensacola has been before us for four years—
twenty-four feet—and the dock will admit such
vessels as will pass over the bar. There is now
no means of repairing either a national or a mer-
chant vessel south of Virginia. We have no docks
there. What is the use of having a navy at all
in the Gulf of Mexico, if we are obliged to take
one of the ships from there and send her North
for repairs? You constructed a wooden dock at
Pensacola, and you ordered a hoard of engineers,
consisting of a naval, a civil, and a military engi-
neer, to examine it. They have reported that in
that climate the wooden dock is inapplicable, that
it would be useless in five years from the time
they made their report; and you arc expending
large sums of money every year to keep a useless
dock in repair, and in three yeais it will be worth
nothing without reconstruction. The construc-
tion of a dock is a work of long time. You can-
not, in a moment of necessity, construct a stone
dry-dock. If we had a naval d'nnculty to-morrow,
where is the fleet in the Gulf of Mexico to go for
repairs? For a repair which would be done in
two days with a stone dock, you have to with-
draw her from the station, and send her North,
or not do it at all. If we are to maintain a navy
in those seas, we must have a dry-dock; and to
have it, you must commence it by degrees. It is
a work of time; years will be required to accom-
plish it. Here is a paltry sum of $100,000 for a
great national work. I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator has found a vote
of mine at a time when there was an overflowing
Treasury. Now, sir, in regard to that I have this
to say: that when the Treasury is full, if he will
choose a more auspicious time, and can show me
that there is water enough on the bar to make a
I stone dock useful for ships of the line, I shall not
| then object to it, because I think Pensacola would
I be a very good place for a naval station or a navy-
j yard in the Gulf of Mexico, but I am utterly op-
posed at this time to commencing any of these
expensive structures, and especially without an
estimate. The Senator says it was recommended
two years ago. I spoke of the estimates of the
present year. I see none from the present Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and I believe, in regard to
this matter, we might wait, and if the Senator
will show that it is a proper place, that there is
water enough on the bar to enable ships to get
over it in order to get into the stone dock, without
being floated as they now are into the wooden
dock, as I said before, when the Treasury is in
a better condition, I shall be willing to vote for
something of the sort; but I am not willing to vote
for it at this time, and especially when they have
the balance dock, or wooden dock, which has.cost
j us so much money. I understand the officers to
[ report that such a structure is perishable in the
j waters at Pensacola, but I do not undei stand them
j to say that it is not very useful at this time. It
j has not yet rotted; this dock, as I understand,
! can still be used. What is the report in regard
i to it? The bureau of yards and docks, in their
annual report, say:
a Th<? balance floatms dock, basin, and railway at Pensa-
cola have been eaiofully attended lo. and aic in good con-
dition. but the effect of the climate at tins place is such aa
to piudnce rapid decay, and consequently liequent repairs
will be required upon ihe&e woik&.*'
I understand at present the dock is in very good
condition. Why not wait? There will be time
enough to substitute something elwe hereafter,
when wc shall be in a better condition to meet
such expenditures; but for the present this dock
, seems to be doing very well, and I am not sure,
; if it should turn out that there is not water enough
| on the bar, but that it may be the best sort of
i dock for ports that are situated as this is said to
| be. At any rate, this is not the time to commence
I these expenditures.
Mr. MALLOrcY. The Senator from Virginia
I will find that 1 did not come here half prepared,
i as he has, on this subject. lie says if he is in-
l formed that there is water enough, he will do so
and so. If he will look at the public documents
given to him years ago, he will find the draught
' of water stated m the coast survey report. There
i are twenty-four feet of water on the bar at high
: tide. We do not ask for a dock for a ship of the
i line; we ask for a dock commensurate tor the
I depth of water on the bar.
I Mr. HUNTER, llow much is it at low tide?
[ Mr. MALLORY. Twenty-one feet. Here is
! the official document showing it. Now, as to the
present condition of the wooden dock, they have
never docked but one small sloop-of-war m it, be-
cause they are afraid to use it. That is its pres-
ent efficiency. The estimate was made in iVJarch
by the bureau of yards and docks, the very bu-
reau from whose report the Senator reads. Their
estimate ispublished in thedoeument which i hold
in my hand, m these words:
" The boatd ot rnirmccrs u ho examined the dock report,
under date ol nth Decomhpr. —
that is the icpoit to which I alluded—
—that, aftei the lap-e of live yeaif.[tiom that date] it wiH
be h.i/s.udou-j to do< k a ship unlV-s- thunder of the dock and
ita jrateri shall have first been recoiisti ueted.''
As to the cost of building a new dock, they es-
timate it at £1,524,980 for the largest stone dock
they can construct there. We ask $100,000 to
commence. 1 say there has never been but one
ship put into the present dock, because it is haz-
aidous to dock a ship there. The commander of
: that ship himself told me he regarded the vessel
as in very great danger, and he never felt so happy
as when the ship came out of the dock. It is an
immense structure, a scow of not the slightest use.
You have an estimate this year for repairing it,
when this report tells you that m five years from
185G it wiU be worthless without reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What is the cost of re-
pairs ?
Mr. MALLORY. I think the average is about
fourteen thousand dollars a year.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator from Flor-
ida if he has any estimate from the present Sccre-
i! tary of the Navy or from the head of the bureau
li of yards and docks ?
