1706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Now, sir, the amendment which I have laid
upon the table proposes tq. appropriate all that is
desired for the deficiencies of the year 1857; also
all that is desired (so far as I am able to come to
any conclusion from looking over the document
referred to) to make up the supposed deficiencies
for the year ending June 30, 1858. I propose to
go no further, but to strike out of the bill all that
is proposed to be appropriated for any period after
the existing year, because that is not properly a
deficiency, supposing thatifanything more is ne-
cessary to be done, as we have arrived nearly to
the end of the session, there will be ample time to
make all the appropriations that may be neces-
sary for the year 1858-9; that is to say, so far as
we can constitutionally and properly go into the
year 1859.
The difficulty is, that after stating all these
things as needful, in order to carry on the opera-
tions, the Department has jumbled them all to-
gether under the appropriate heads;that is to say,
instead of giving us distinctly the appropriation
wanted for the year 1858, for instance, it states
the amount necessary, then the amount necessary
for another year, and the amount of deficiency in
1857, and puts them altogether in one item of the
bill; thus compelling us,"under the head of defi-
ciencies at this period of the session, and without
having the regular estimates for the next year be-
fore us, and under ourconsideiation, to make all
these appropriations, as well what are not defi-
ciencies as what are deficiencies: and to give our
sanction to the proposed action of the Govern-
ment, as well as to give our sanction to what is
necessary to pay the debts already incurred, which
1 deem to be entirely improper.
Then I Answer the question put by the chair-
nun thus: I do design to accomplish just that
purpose, because I have laid my other amend-
ment on the table with that, view, to appropi iat«
specifically all that is demanded for the deficiencies
of the year 1857, all that seems to be demanded
for the necessities of 1858, stopping there, and leav-
ing the other matter to be disposed of in I lie regular
course of appropriations for the coming year,
which will l>e in ample time for that puipose.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator will find,
when he comes to examine the document to which
he has alluded, that it is impossible for him to
disci immate between the deficiencies which prop-
erly belong to the year 1858, and the money which
will be necessaiy to cairy out contracts that aie
made in tins year. Some of these appropriations
were asked on the ground, not that they were
deficiencies, but because if we should make them
ahead, it wis said the supplies could be trans-
ported much more economically to the Govern-
ment, than if the period of making the appropri-
ation was delayed so as to throw* the transportation
in the season of the year when the grass had
failed on the plains.
I recollect, sir—1 have it by me—seeing a table
which was presented by my colleague in the
] Touse of Representatives, who had charge of this
bill, showing the deference in the cost of trans-
portation if we availed ouiselvesof this particular
season, which doses, I think, on the 31st of Au-
gust, and if we waited until it was over. I think
the cost is neatly double. The Department, then,
m order to avail itself of this peculiar season, and
in order to transmit the supplies m time, (because
it is not proper, if there should be difficulty, if
there should be collision and war, that the Army
tdiouhl be exposed to the risk of wanting supplies
of any sort, either of arms or of ammunition or
of food,) proposed that we should appropriate
enough now to accomplish the object of carrying
the tioopswho have been ordered to Utah and
the supplies necessary for them. The contracts
embiace both, because it would be impossible for
the Senator to discriminate, or, I believe, for the
Wai Department itself.
Now, sir, if the Senate should think that it
is not proper to furnish supplies for any except
those troops who are already there, or if they
should think itis not proper toexpend this money
for any other services than those that are ren-
dered in the year 1858, that object can only be ac-
complished by providing by law, that no part of
the money appropriated shall be expended for
anything else, except for services rendered in the
year 1858. The Senator may draw up a legal
pi ovision j requiring the mode m which this money
shall be exptnded to be reported, and to foibid
any part of it to be expended except for services
rendered in this fiscal year, if that is his purpose,
and the Senate concur with him in that purpose.
1 think it is a fair question for the consideration
of the Senate. I believe the effect of doing this
would only be to expose the Governments addi-
tional expense, and perhaps to expose our Army
to the danger of inconvenience from a want of
supplies at the proper season.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Notatall. I thinktheSen-
atoris mistaken, because the other contracts which
are supposed to have been, a&d which undoubted-
ly have been made, and which were of a very
singular character, some of them, run through the
next fiscal year; and it is not to be supposed that
any very material part of the money appropriated
by this bill will be called for during the present
fiscal year—that is to say, but very small parts of
the contracts can be performed during the present
year for transportation. The furnishing of the
wagons, horses, and those things, for which pro-
vision is made, may undoubtedly be concluded
during the present fiscal year; but the contracts
run through the whole of the next year, and, in-
deed, the succeeding year. That being the case,
the refusal to allow the use of the money appro-
priated to this year for the service of the next year,
will not at all mterfeie with the peiformance of
those contracts, because we can very easily make
an appropriation in the general appropriation bill
for the Army, at the end of this session, covering
all these contracts. If the Senate are disposed to
assume them, to sustain them, and to sustain this
policy of the Administration, there is no difficulty
about it. Their not appropriating the money at
this moment will not alfect the matter at all. We
can appropriate the money in the general bill.
My object is to appropriate now all the money
that can possibly be culled for during the lesidue
of this fiscal yeat,and 1 think my amendment
meets it; and then if we are disposed to sustain
tins course of the Administration and carry out
these contracts, there is abundance of time during
this session of Congress to make all the appropri-
ation necessary to go on with them. As things
are now, the Senator will see. by the very docu-
ment to which 1 have referred, that the money
will not be called for for several months.
Mr. HUNTEil. The, Senator has failed to
show that under his amendment the inconvenience
would be provided for which 1 have stated. The.se
contracts run through that period. It is true we
are to pay so much a pound for what is trans-
ported; but if you limit the appropriation so lhat
we are not able to pay for the transportation of
what will be necessary for these five thousand
troops, of course the Department will not send
them by the contractor; they will ceasc to dispatch
these supplies; they will waituntii the general ap-
propriation is made; and if they do wait until it
is made, they will lose the favorable season for
transposition.
;j If the Senate were to adopt such an amendment
as this, it would not be proper for the Secretary
11 of War to send forward supplies m advance of the
,j money appropriated; and if he waits until itis
| appropriated m the regular bill, he will lose this
season. If the Senator means to appropriate it
;[ at last, what good purpose will be answered by
i dividing ltinto two installments,appropriating a j
j part now, and a residue of the amount in the gen- |
| ckiI bill? It is a mere dtfteience as to the time !
of appropi lotion, if you appropriate the whole
amount now, this season, which is a short one,
'j can be used for the purpose to which I have re-
I fcrred. If you wait to appropriate the other por- \
tion until the regular bill is passed, then, when j
this money is exhausted, they will stop sending !
■ ' forward supplies under these contracts, because !
[ I non constat that Congress will appropriate money
j for it. The Department will not take the risk, 1
■j especially after such a vote as this. These sup- j
! piies arc necessary in order to provide for the I
/ wants of the troops who are converging from all j
qtuu ters of the Union towards the valley of Utah, j
; There are something like five thousand troops in j
motion. These supplies are wanted to provide j
i for them on the way, and to provide for them after |
= they get theie. We have no means of discriminat- j
! ing and saying how much money will be wanted I
! to supply the transportation which is necessary j
!; up to the 1st of July, 1858, and how much \vill be i
- wanted afterwards. The Department can ascer- j
tain that the general service will probably require 1
this amount, and therefore they estimate for this
amount in gross; but they specially state that part
of it is not a deficiency, but is an additional sup-
ply, and they give the reason why it should be
granted.
I think if we intend to furnish supplies to that
amount of troops, we ought to do it now. There
is a decided economy in doing it now. If we. do
not, if we mean to limit the expedition, or if we
mean to stop the expedition, we ought to do so
in plain and specific terms; we ought to do so in
terms which cannot be misunderstood, instead of
curtailing the supplies on principles which may
mean one thing or may mean another. If it be
the purpose of the Senatorfrom Maine,and if the
Senate concur with him in that purpose, to stop
any addition to the troops who are now in Utah,
let him say so in his amendment, and let him pro-
vide that no part of this money shall be appro-
priated to any addition to be made there. If, on
the other hand, he does not intend to interpose so
as to prevent troops from going forward, as they
have been ordered by the commanding general
and by the Secretary of War, with the approba-
tion of the President; if he does not mean to pre-
vent their being concentrated in this valley, then
he ought to be willing to adopt the readiest, the
speediest, and the most economical means of fur-
nishing them with the proper transportation and
supplies.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The two amendments
which I have proposed cannot, of course, be very
well considered together, but they are parts of the
same whole, and, perhaps, necessarily in some
degree dependent on each other. One of my ob-
jects is undoubtedly to say, most distinctly, that
Congress does not at present authorize the pro-
posed movement on Utah of this large additional
body of troops. If Congress should refuse to
grant the supplies asked for—that is to say, should
confine itself to those which are necessary to the
ordinary expenses of the Army, as at present lo-
cated, taking into consideration the two thousand
five hundred troops that arc in Utah now, and
should go no further—that is one thing; and I
have drawn the amendment so as to present as
distinctly as I can to the Senate, the question
whether they will leave the matter as it is now in
reference to the movement on Utah, or whether
they will distinctly recognize and authorize the
movement of this large additional body of troops,
about three thousand or thirty-five hundred, I be-
hove—I do not know how many—a very much
larger force than is there now.
The proposition contained in the bill is to make
appropriations to a sufficient amount to pay all
the expenses of transportation and supplies for the
whole body; and not only that, but to go twenty
months ahead, considering the distance of the
country. I did not propose to say anything upon
that point precisely in this connection; but in my
judgment wc have not now information enough
upon which to justify that action. None cer-
tainly has been communicated to us by the De-
partment. What I propose to do, therefore, is to
go just so far as this: to appropriate all that seems
to be needed for the army located as it is at pres-
ent, and for transportation purposes, so far as the
army at present m Utah is concerned, and to con-
fine the use of this money to the year and to (he
objects for which it is appropriated. Then, sir,
if, when we are considering the general appropri-
ation bill for the service of next year, it seems
good to Congress to make these additional appro-
priations, and to authorize this large proposed
increase of force m Utah, that is another thing.
Now, as to the question of economy, it does not
come up atall,and the Administration has relieved
us of the necessity of considering that question.
It has made its contracts; it has taken it forgranted
that all this would be done. It is not for the Ad-
ministration to say now, after these contracts are
made, that it will not f>end forwaid the supplies,
and will not take any steps. They have not re-
served that power.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will reflect, he
will remember that they certainly have. The con-
tract is to send forward the supplies which the
Administration may send, at so much a pound;
and if you diminish the appropriation they may
not send them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The contract for beeves
specifies a particular quantity.
Mr. HUNTER. They are to be delivered as
