2730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir; I am reading from
his report, made in March last. He says:
" The cost of repairs, including the expenses of mooring
the dork, fiom the 1st of July, 1853. to the 31st of Decem-
ber, 1857, (four years and a half,) is $88,908 42, making an
average annua! expenditure of $>15,312 98."
I ask the Senator from Virginia, if, with the
lights I give him, having a dock so perfectly use-
less, in which we {ire afraid to place a ship, he is
willing to expend $15,000 a year to keep it in re-
pair, when in three years it will be worthless,
instead of commencing at once a structure which
the interests of the country require and which
will only take §300,000 now?
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator from Flor-
ida if he can show me any estimate from the De-
partment for this stone dry-dock recommending
it or stating what it will cost. He refers mc to a
document, which document is a report of a board
made in 1856, saying that the wooden dock would
be worthless in five years. I show you a report
from the bureau of yards and docks two years
afterwards, in which they say it is in good order.
Mr, MALLORY. This report is made in
March, 1858. The Senator is entirely mistaken.
The report is dated March 25,1858, in which the
bureau refers to the report of the engineers made
in December 1856. Here is the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, dated April 3, 1858.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us hear the letter of the
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. MALLORY. Here it is:
Navy Department, Jlpril 1, 1858.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the recejptof your
letter of the2-3d ultimo, desiring certain information in re-
lation to the floating dock at the Pen <icolanavy-yard, and
asking the opinion of the Department as to the expediency
of constructing a stone dock at that yard.
Having referred your letter to the chief of the bureau of
yard* and docks, I inclose, herewith, a copy of his reply,
dated the 2oth ultimo, which affords all the information de-
sired, except the opinion of the Department, as to the ex-
pediency of constructing a stone dock at the Fon&acola
yard.
Mr. HUNTER. " Except the opinion of the
Department as to the expediency" of the work.
Mr. MALLORY. That ttfPfcuroau was not
called on to give; but the head of the Department
proceeds to give his opinion:
1 am clearly of opinion that a floating dock is but a tem-
porary expedient; and tiiat, in view of its penshable na-
ture, for a scries of years a stone dock would be the most
economical.
As the board of engineer:* who examined the floating dock
at Pcn^acola, in 1&3C, state that it would be hazardous to
dock a blnp in it, altei a lap-c of five years, without a re-
construction of very material parts, the advantage of a stone
dock is veiy ctppaienl.
I am, very u>spectfiilly, your obedient seivant,
ISAAC TOUCEY.
Hon. S. R. IVKllory, Chairman Committee Naval
United States Senate.
The estimate was transmitted by the Secretary
at that time.
Mr. HUNTER. That is as near to rothingas
anything I have ever heard road. The Secretary
makes no recommendation, but merely gives an
abstract opinion as to the superiority of a stone
dock over a wooden dock. We knew that before;
that, I believe, is a universal opinion; but he does
not state what it is to cost us, nor does he say that
the present dock is not in good order. On the con-
trary, the chief of the buieau of^locks and yards
lias told us that so far from this being out of or-
der it is in very good order, and why not continue
to use it until we have more lime and more money
to leplace it by some other kind of dock, if that
yard be fit for a stone dock ? I do not know how
that will turn out to be. I f it be, and there were
plenty of money in the Treasury, 1 would vote
for a stone dock there, because 1 think the loca-
tion is an excellent one for a navy-yard; but in
the present condition of the Treasury 1 would not
vote for it, even if the Senator were armed with
an estimate, which he is not; he cannot show us
what it is to cost, or whether the head of the De-
partment is of opinion that this stone dock ought
to be made. In regard to these wooden docks,
and this hearsay statement of the officer, I have
to put the experience of California of a similar
dock, which, I am told by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, works admirably. He says they have
docked the largest steamships upon it, and it
works admirably. If it wotks in California, I do
not see why it cannot be made to work in Pensa-
cola, at least until wc can get time and money to
replace it with something better.
Mr. MALLORY. In reply to the question of
the Senator from Virginia,why, ifitworksin Cal-
ifornia it should not work in Pensacola, let me
tell him that the difference in climate constitutes
the difference between using the wooden dock in
Pensacola and in California. You have to get a
dock coppered. That lasts five years; and then
it has to be recoppered. The sea-worm at Pen-
sacola eats six inches of wood through in twelve
months. It does not do so in San Francisco. The
d ry-rot in Pensacola will destroy this work twenty
times sooner than in San Francisco. The differ-
ence in climate constitutes the difficulty. The
wooden dock never should have been placed at
Pensacola; it was a- blunder. Now, the Senator
says we have no estimate. He is entirely mis-
taken. I have given him the estimate sent here
with the letter which I have read. That estimate
was sent in under the Secretary's own hand; and
he says that according to the estimate made by
the engineers appointed by himself, the cost will
be $1,524,980. The Senator voted for this meas-
ure before, and he now gives as a reason for op-
posing it, only that we have not the money in the
Treasury. If he could vote for it in 1856, the
reasons for his voting for itnow are greater, be-
cause the dock is in a worse condition now than
it was then. He speaks of its good condition
now. If he will look at the estimates he will find
that $15,000 are asked to repair the dock and
put it in condition. It has never had but one
small sloop-of-war in it. If he could vote for it
before, I say he has greater reason for voting for
it now; and his sole objection is that the money
is not in the Treasury. If the dock were useless
to-morrow, and it were found necessary, to repair
our fleet, to have a dock there, we could not con-
struct one. It is a work of years. The excava-
tion and the caisson works would require six
or seven, or eight or nine years; and I propose
merely to appropriate driblets of money to keep
the work going.
# Mr. TOOMBS. I shall oppose this amend-
ment, with my friend from Virginia, and I will
very briefly state the reasons on which I shall do
so; and I wish to call the attention of the Senate
to some of our past legislation on this subject. I
want some real responsibility; I want some offi-
cer of the Government, some of those distin-
guished engineers whose eulogies we heard this
morning, or somebody else responsible, and I
will tell you why. About seven years ago, two
sets of rogues came to Congress; one of them had
a floating dock, and the other a sectional dock.
They bored along in the other House and this
House for one session, and neither could succeed
because the other was in the way. They then
united their interests, and in order to make it na-
tional, which is the ordinary excuse for robbing
the public Treasury, they said, we will build a
floating dock at Kittery, in Maine, one at Phila-
delphia, and one at Pensacola; and that they could
do it for $>300,000. They urged their contract
through Congress, and they so urged us that they
got about a million apiece for these three docks.
I resisted them all the time m the House and in
the Senate. I pointed out that there was no re-
sponsibility attached to it, that it was a legisla-
tive contract, a job. Finally, before they were
paid, they were, by the contract, actually to dock
a vessel of war with a full armament; and the
Navy Department sent down Commodore Tatt-
nall, Colonel Chase, and some other distinguished
officers to Pensacola, and they reported that these
people had not complied with their contract; they
could not get a ship in their dock, nor on the
railway, nor in the basin—for they had a dock,
railway, and basin, all combined in this patent.
I stated at the time that no Government in the
world had ever bmit one of them but us, and no-
body would ever do it, except as a congressional
job. It turns out that the dock at Kiitery is a
failure, so I am informed, and next session they
will be here for a stone one. That at Philadel-
phia is a failure. The honorable Senator from
Florida, who was then, I believe, as now, at the
head of the Naval Committee, says the dock at
Pensacola is a failure.
Mr. MALLORY. I was not here then.
Mr. TOOMBS. Two years ago, when it came
to the final payment, 1 resisted it. We had the
report of an official board that they could not
dock a ship. Finding: those officers honest and
immovable, they were sent away to sea, and then
a merchant vessel was sent down there, and 1
believe they got her on the dock, or at least they
brought the evidence of it here so as to get
$120,000—the balance of the money; and I am
not certain whether that was not more than three
years ago.
Mr. MALLORY. About that time.
Mr. TOOMBS. Two years ago the Senator
says these estimates were made—a year after the
work was finished. Having succeeded m getting
the money by all this robbery, they now want a
stone dock. While this was pending, and when
it was known they had failed, they came here and
wanted one for San Francisco—a sectional dock,
basin, and railway. Congress passed that law,
in which they said they might make it at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Navy. There we
have spent, I think, the last time I looked at the
account, over a million and a half of dollars; and
I do not know but that it will go to three mil-
lions. Instead of building ships, instead of ap-
propriating money to the increase of the Navy,
to mounting an additional number of guns, to
giving efficiency to the service, we have spent m
this single job, which I know of, and which I
resisted here for seven years, between three and
a half and five millions of money. When you
commence another dry-dock, I want some respons-
ibility for it; I want a report from somebody
that I can hold responsible. I find that nobody
is responsible for this. The Navy Department
says Congress did it. Go to Congress, and some
of them will say the Navy Department ought not
to have paid the money, because it was a failure.
It is now found that the worms in Florida will
eat six inches of plank in a year. We knew what
the worms would do before we put the plank there
as well as now. The Senator says it is a failure.
That, I presume, is the case. If it had been a
matter concerning ourselves, we should have
acted prudently before we squandered $5,000,000
in worthless docks. We should have required
them, I think, to dock a ship, at least, and to lift
it on the railway and place it in the basin. They
gave us marvelous accounts of their dock, basin,
and lailway. One would suppose that they could
slow away a whole fleet in the basin. I think it
will be a great thing until all the money is paid;
and the moment the money is paid, it will be
found that it will not do.
Mr. MALLORY. If I had been in Congress
at the time the appropriations for these wooden
docks were made, I should have opposed them. *
1 have always been opposed to them. I knew, of
course, they would be a failure. The reasons the
Senator has given against wooden docks do not
appl^to this case. They are nothing against a
stone dock, but on the contrary fortify the prop-
osition for a stonn dock.
Mr. HUNTER. I find that the paper from
which the Senator from Florida read, sustains
what I have said. The estimate is not from the
presentSecretary ofthe Navy with a recommenda-
tion. He transmits the old estimate made in 1856.
Here is the answer of Commodore Smith to cer-
tain queries propounded by the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, dated March 25,
1858:
" 1. As to the present condition of the dock.
Answer. The dock is believed to be in seiviceable con-
dition, although Mgns of decay have manifested themseFves
in the framing of the side walls and upught timbers of the
gates."
Again;
"6 The length and capacity of the dock.
<c Answer. The length of the doek is three hundred and
fifty feet, and it is capable of docking United States war
steamers ofthe largest class.
" 7. As to its capability of docking the new steam frigates.
" Answer. It is of capacity sufficient to dock the new
steam frigates.''
Mr. H AYNE. I consider the perfect and com-
plete protection of the harbor of Pensacola as a
desideratum that should not be overlooked. The
mighty West is as much concerned m that work
as any portion of the Union. It is the only har-
bor between the Chesapeake and the Rio Grande
that can be made useful to protect the great wealth
of the West. Why, sir, in time of war with Eng-
land, Pensacola is the only point in the Gulf where
your ships, whether men-of-war or merchant ves-
sels, can run in and be in safety. This work
ought to have been commenced the very moment
Florida became ours; it should have been done
years ago. I have seen the dry-dock, and I know
that no wooden work can answer in that water.
The worms are injurious to an extent which the
