1708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
us that no such appropriation is necessary, at all ;
events, if the necessity wh'e.h is now supposed to '
exist shall continue, we may better make appro- j
pnations m the general appropriation bill for 1859
and 18G0 than to make tlicm in this deficiency i
bill, and hence I agree with the honorable Senator |
from Maine in the amendment.that he has pro- !
posed to meet that difficulty. I like it, again, j
because it is in pursuance of the views which I j
have just submitted to the Senate, to specify as \
nearly and as exactly as you can the subjects for
which you propose to make the appropriations.
There is an objection to asking for a gross amount
of money, and leaving itto the discretion of some
subordinate officer of this Department to say how
he will use it The idea, the paramount idea that
I have sought to submit to the Senate in these few
remarks is, that to compel the Departments and
all their subordinates to specify as accurately and
distinctly as the subject-matter will permit, the
particular purpose for which they ask money, is
the great means of securing economy in expend-
iture. 1 hope, therefore, that the basis of these
amendments will be agreed to, and if there be
anything wrong m their phraseology let that be
corrected.
Mr. HUNTER. I think that the Senator from
Michigan is mistaken as to the actual state of the
law 
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not like to- interfere,
but 1 sat down while the Senator from Virginia
was looking at the papei.
Mr. STUART. I beg pardon of the Senator
fiom Illiode Island; I thought he had yielded the
floor ent irely.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 am very much delighted
with what the Senator from Michigan has said,
so very much better than I could have said it.
Mr. HUNTER. For the transportation of
troops and supplies, the appropriation for the
present year is $1.800,000 .
Mr. SIMMONS. For both these objects?
Mr. HUNTKll. Yes, sir, " transportation of
troops and Mippl.t s, $1,800,000."
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, what is it proposed
to appropriate as a delicieney in this bill for these
two objects r
Mr. LIUNTFjR. The appropriation is not for
a deficiency, but sixteen or twenty months ahead.
Mr. FhlSSEN DKiM. The appropriation for
transportation and supplies in this bill is between
five and six million dollars.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, Mr. President, I sub-
mitted a few remarks yesfeiduy upon this sub- j
jeet, and I wish to call the attention of the chair- j
man of the committee to the view I endeavoied ;
then to present, and to another objection that 1
struck me from the remarks he made yesteiday
in reference to confining the appropnoiions to
thn year for which they are made. As I yaul be-
foie, [do not think it ought to be understood,
when we are trying to fix lesponsibihty and to
guard the appropi Mtions for the war puiposesof
this Uowrnment, that v. o n>e opposing any Ad-
minis'i at ion, or oppoMiig i!ur. bill. I n peat, t hat
I am willing to vote for any proper, lea^onahlo
amount for the support of the Anny, under the
direction of tim War Deport merit, as i eadHy as i f
if weie under the diieetion ot any other Adminis-
tration. Rut I should like to ask 'he Senator from
Virginia when, without the pioposilion made by
the Senator fi om Maine to limit this appropriat ion
to the year for which it is made, it will go to the
surplus fund, if it is not expended this year, under
tlie law of the country r '
Mr. IIUNTER. The appropriations last for
two fiscal years. After that they go to the sui-
plus fund.
Mr. SIMMONS. We make an appropriation 1
here for the. deficiencies of the fiscal year ending ,
J une 30th, 1858. The Senator says that when it |
is ascertained that it is not all expended in that1
year, it may be expended for 1859; but wc shall,
in the general appropriation bill, make an appro- '
pnation for 1859*, and how will you discriminate
between the money that you now appropiiate,
r.nd that which you will appropriate, it mavbea
fortnight hence? The Constitution requires that1
all appropriations made for the support of the '
Army shall be limited to two years, and what was ;
the object of that? It was that no Congress should '
pass appropriations for the support of an Army ;
that could be continued by any process for an in*.
definite period.
Mr. HUNTER. I have just explained that it
could not be. Notacentof this appropriation can
be used after the expiration of the next fiscal year.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then an appropriation lasts
for only one year after it is made.
Mr. HUNTER. It is for two fiscal years. At
the expiration of two fiscal years, it goes to the
surplus fund.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I should like to know
of the Senator from Virginia, if we are not mak-
ing an appropriation to-day for the next fiscal
year ?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS. Williteo to the surplus fund
at the end of that year, or will itgo on for another
year ?
Mr. HUNTER. Tt will go to the surplus fund
at the end of that year, because technically, it is
an appropriation for this year, though it is de-
signed to be used in the next year. It is for the
service of the next year.
Mr. SIMMONS. The standing law that was
read here yesterday was, that two years after the
expiration of the fiscal year, for which the appro-
priation was made, if not expended, it should go
to the surplus fund.
Mr. HUNTER. One, I think.
Mr. SIMMONS. It was two as read yester-
day. Perhaps it was a mistake, but as it was read,
it said two years. I think the Senator from Vir-
ginia read it himself, but he might have made a
mistake. Cei tainly if we appropriate now for the
fiscal year ending June 30th, 1859, it will continue
liable to be drawn for the very object for which
we have appropriated it until the end of the year
I860, according to his account, and here is an ap-
propriation of five or six millions, which is three
times as much as the ordinary appropriation for
the service, made in a lump.
Now,I say that, viewing this question asT have
been in the habit of viewing such questions, this
is an unreasonable proposition to be made to the
Senate. We ought either to confine the appro-
priation and let its contingent, expenditure be lim-
ited to this exigency, or else we ou^ht, to have
some definite information about it. If we confine
U, as the Senator fiotn Maine proposes, to what-
ever may be required for this fiscal year, and if
not expended for that to go into the Treasury
again, no harm can arise; but if you apply three
times as much as the ordinary expenditures for
this service, they can use the balance of this year
for the next, ami they can use what you appro-
priate next year for the succeeding one, and so
keep a balance of two years all the tune ahead to
come and go upon, whenever a contingency arises
that the Kweutivu wants to use this money.
That, I am perfectly clear, is a power that the
Constitution never contemplated we should give.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Two years from and
after the expiration of the fiscal year for which
money is appropriated, it goes to the surplus fund.
That is the law. I have it before me.
Mr. SIMMONS. So I heard it read yesterday.
If that is the case, T should like to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Finance
to the point whether it is not in direct contraven-
tion of the Constitution to make such an appro-
pnation as he is now asking us to make to-day,
of £.6,000,000, moie or less, for this and the next
succeeding fiscal year, and which by a fair con-
struction may be earned to the end of the year
JSfji, before it goes to tho surplus fund. The
fiscal year for which pait of tins appropriation is
to be made, and which hu contends is ueccs u-y
to bo made on account of the grass, ends in 1850,
and the law says that it takes two years after that
befote if goe^ to the Treasury. 1 say that is an
infraction of the Constitution; and any man, I
think, who is disposed to consider it candidly and
fairly, must see it.
Now, -what does the Senator from Maine pro-
pose1 He proposes that an appropriation shall
he made, but that it shall be made for the expend-
iuiK-s of the present fiscal year; not that it shall be
spent this yedi, but that any claim arising in this
year shall be paid out of this money, and then it
shall go to the surplus fund, or to the common
Tieasury; and, in my deliberate judgment, no
man can segard such a measure as at all hostile to
the purposes of this hill, and I do not think any
proposition that has been made here reflects at all
on the conduct of the War Department any more
than the proposition of the Senator from North
Carolina the other day, that no more extra pay
should be voted to clerks and employes was a re-
flection on the House of Representatives. I did
not consider it a reflection on them, but I thought
i t was bringing them back to where the law brought
them, and where they ought to be all the time. It
was saying, " we will pay this, as you have voted
it, but hereafter you shall go according to law."
That is all 1 understand this amendment to be. I
ask the Senator from Virginia if I am not right;
if this money is not absolutely within the control
of this Departmentfor the nextthree years unless
you limit it? and I should like to hear, him on that
point.
Mr. HUNTER. I apprehend that no military
appropriations can be used for a period longer
than two years, because the Constitution prohibits
it. I have not been able to turn to the statute in
regard to the surplus fund; but if it does provide
that an appropriation shall endure for two years
after the end of the fiscal year for which it is made,
(and in that I think the Senator is mistaken, for
in my opinion, it is only one year,) of course it is
limited in regard to military appropriations, be-
cause the Constitution forbids a longer period in
respect to them.
But, Mr. President, what is it that the gentle-
men are aiguing so strenuously to change? There
is a provision that an appropriation, when made
for any particular branch of the service—say for
transportation and supplies—may be subject to the
use of the Department for two years, and no longer.
We have practiced under this ever since 1795. I
have never heard any inconvenience alleged under
it. It is said that there is a want of responsibil-
ity. How? It is said that it is not specific. Why
not specific? The Secretaiy of the Treasury es-
timates for each specific item what he wants.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
! me to call his attention to this law ?
j Mr. HUNTER. Certainly,
j Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the tenth section of
! the statute passed in 1852, the civil and diplo-
I matic bill of that year:
"That when any money shall have remained unexpended
upon any appropimtions by law other titan for the payment
ot interest on the funded debt " * * * " fnr
mote than two years, after the expiration of the fiscal year
in which the act shall have been passed, all and any such
appiopjiution-i shall be deemed to have ceased and been de-
teimmed; and the moneys so unexpended shall be immedi-
ately theieaftor carried, under the direction of the Secre-
taiy of the Treasury, to the account on the books of the
Treasury denominated the surplus fund "
Mr. HUNTER. Be it so, sir. It seems then
that it has been the unbroken usage of the Gov-
ernment ever since 1795, to allow an appropria-
tion to be used for two years after the expiration
of the fWnl year for which it is passed, subject to
tho uses of the Department; and the objection
urged to that now, for the first time, is that it de-
stroys responsibility on the part of the heads of
Departments. Now I say, how? The head of a
Department repoits specifically what he wants on
each item. He says, u to meet this I have a cer-
tain unexpended balance of appropriation in re-
gard to that item, that has a year to run; I want
in addition to that perhaps nothing." Perhaps,
however, he may want something more in order
to meet the unexpected service of the year. Con-
gress then appropriates specifically—it makes a
specific appropriation in addition to this unex-
pended balance; or if it is enough, it makes no ap-
propiiation. It acts on a full \ lew of the subject,
it knows what is already subject to the uses of the
Department under that head. It only adds to
them what may be necessary to meet, the wants
of that fiscal year.
But the Senator from Michigan says that this
is no specific appropriation, because the Secretary
of War may transfer afterwards. Sir, he cannot
transfer under the law if the appropriation be more
than a year old; and if it be less than one year old,
he is limited in his power of transfer to the sub-
sistence, the medical, and the quartermaster's de-
partments. He cannot transfer appropriations for
other specific items. It is only upon these heads
that transfers can be made: and when it is done,
he has to return to Congress an account of his ex-
penditures, so that Congress can see, according
to the old system under which we have acted so
long, what is asked under each head, what is ap-
propriatedundereach head,and what is expended
under each head. What more, sir, can be done
to insure responsibility r We find thatahe pio-
vision which allows the appropriations to be used
