1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2733
ate from the fact that there is nobody there to
look after our interests. By having a large num-
ber of small ships that can be scattered all over
the world, at least where our commerce is, we
shall escape these disadvantages; and in time of
war they will be very useful. We never can ex-
pect, without an expenditure to which the people
of this country will not submit, to meet Great
Britain fleet for fleet, but if we should be involved
in a wdf with that country, there is one thing we
might do; Great Britain could send a fleet to New
York, or Boston, or Philadelphia, where we could
not meet it; she could blockade those points; but
suppose she breaks up her fleet into small detach-
ments, fhey could only operate at one point on
the coast, and wc ought to be able to beat them.
Our coast is very extensive. It would be impos-
sible for her, if we had a tolerable Navy, to block-
ade the whole of it, and I think there ought to be
a steady increase that would enable us at least to
make defense to that extent, and also to cripple
her commerce. It seems to me that light ships,
whether you call them gun-boats or anything else,
that could move rapidly, that could get out of the
way of a large ship, and overtake a merchant ves-
sel or anything it could fight, and readily escape
from a formidable armament into shallow waters,
are what we need. Therefore, if it be in order, I
1 move an amendment for building ten steamers \
that do not exceed ten feet in draught.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question now is on an amend-
ment to an amendment, and another amendment
is not in order.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I give notice that, if it
meets with any favor, I shall make a motion of !
that kind. j
Mr. HUNTER. Before the vote is taken, I ,
should like to say a word or two m regard to the !
propositions for increasing the Navy; and first, ;
jn reply to the ground taken by the Senator from t
Florida, as to preparation for war. My idea of
the proper mode of disposing of this bill is to re-
gaid it solely as a bill for a peace establishment.
If the Senate or Congress should believe there is
danger of war, and it is necessary to provide for
war, that ought to be done in another bill. We
ought to separate our extraordinary from our or-
dinary expenditures; because I consider it to be
very important to hold the Departments, if we
desire economy, to a certain scale of ordinary ex-
penditure. Let us appropriate, in these bills which
are designed to carry on the Government, what
is necessary for that put pose. If the Senate should
hereafter think something more is necessary, in
order to put the defenses of the country on a war
footins;, that ought to be the subject of another
bill. We can thus secure responsibility in the De-
partments; we shall thus, too, ourselves be held
to a readier responsibility byUie people.
There are two wais: there is not only this war
of which the Senator speaks, but there is another
of which I am very apprehensive—and that is the
war upon the Treasury; and for the purpose of
protecting the country against that, I desire to
make these bills only for the ordinary expendi-
tures of the country. Let us do that, and ir it
be necessary to make war preparations, wo can
take another bill. The sole question,_then, for us
to consider is whether, if we are passing a bill for
the usual ordinary expenses of the Navy, wo
ought at this time to make this addition. I think
weought not. I am willing, when the Treasury
is full, to vote for additions to the Navy. I think
that is the time. It occurs in our financial history
that we have periods of plethora in the Treasury.
I think when they occur, we ought to devote the
excess to adding to the Navy, and to the estab-
lishment of fortifications, &.C.; but in tunes like
these we ought to restrict the expenditures, if
possible. We ought to do it, because there is no
sort of hope of avoiding the necessity of resort-
ing to another loan at the next session of Con-
gress, unless we restrict the appropriations some-
v/heic within the estimates that have been made.
In regard to these steamers, as to the size pro-
posed , and all that, J have nothing to say. If the
{Senator from Florida chooses to bring up toe
scheme in a separate bill which looks to a ?;tate
of war, and of preparation for war, at another
time, we shall lie able then to consider it; but I
submit that upon an ordinary appropriation bill,
we onr-ht not, in the present condition of the
Treasury,to inako-thcse appropriations; nor ought
we to do it anywhere until we know what is to
be the size of the ships, and what is to be their
probable cost. All this is indefinite here. A
steamship drawing twelve feet of water, I sup-
pose, may be of almost any size. I have no par-
ticular knowledge on the subject, but I presume
it is no limitation, at all, except as to the mere
matter of draught, none in regard to the expense,
to say they must not draw more than twelve or
fourteen feet of water. In a better condition of
the Treasury, I believe it would be very wise and
politic to build some small steam screw gun-boats,
which the Secretary of the Navy recommends.
At another time, it might be very well, especially
for coast defense. I should judge, from the re-
port of Lieutenant Dahlgren, that tliey could
hardly be of much service to us on foreign sta-
tions, because they could not carry coal enough.
They might be very useful at home; and if tire
Treasury were in a better condition, I should not
oppose the construction of a few of them; but I
am unwilling now on this bill to add anything of
this kind. Let us keep the bill within the esti-
mates; and if the Senate then think it proper to
have preparations for war, let them bring forward
the measure in another bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish merely to remind
the Senator from Virginia that the British gun-
boats have gone into the Baltic, the Crimea, and
elsewhere. They use their sails, excepton par-
ticular occasions, and then steam power can be
used. They might be sent anywhere as sailing
vessels, with auxiliary steam power. That would
depend nn their construction.
Mr. HUNTER. This is the report of Com-
mander Dahlgren, who was sent out to examine
into the subject. He says, speaking of scrcw
, gun-boats:
A-- may be supposed, the vo-^rd is nearly occupied by
! tin*-. ,annual of<>i(!mine<' ond *-t<-am powor, and litilc^pacc
left mi olYoal, piovi-;on?, or water, or Jor the ac-
commodation of n>en ; wi'ciotoi, 'iiicli eiaft cannot cimse
tar liom their depots, whether ruioat or a*dioie, but quite
as lar a* would ho icquuod tor coas-t del'uitb-e."
Mr. BELL. I should like the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia to loll us what prospect there
will be if wo take this advice—and his reasoning
is very plausible indeed—and omit to make tins
amendment to this bill, of ever making any pro-
vision for new steam vessels of war at this ses-
sion ? Does he think a separate bill for increasing
our naval force can be passed at this period of
the session ? I think that if we mean to move in
the policy of increasing our naval force, this is
the only opportunity wc shall have of doing it
duiing the present session; and many months
must elapse before we shall be together again,
unless we be called by the 1'iesident on some spe-
cial emergency, if it be true that there is no oc-
sion for any increase of our naval force now, par-
ticularly when the Treasury is so low, I must
plead m my own defense for having given my
assent to this proposition, in the Committee on
Naval Affaiis, that I have been misled, I have
been misguided, 1 have been deceived into the idea
that it was proper to make some addition to our
naval force; and that even it might be proper to
go on and greatly increase our Navy, beginning
at the present time, if we had to borrow money
to do it; and I should like now to call up from
their hiding places, if they be about the Senate
Chamber, those war spnits from whom we heard
so much the other day. Has anything occuiied
to change the feeling and the temper of the Sen-
ate since that debate? Where is the honorable
Senator from Georgia, for example, who told us
I that he not only wanted war with England now,
; but bail wanted it for years past, and was ready
i for it at any time.
i Mr. TOOMBS. I am now; but we shall not
j get a fight out of this crowd.
| Mr. BELL. He was dissatisfied with the re-
5 port of the chairman of the Committee oil Foreign
Relations, and thought it was not worth the snap
of a finger for any effect it was likely to have.
Where is the honorable Senator from Illinois,
' [Mr. Dorrr.LAs,] whose proposition lies on the
I table ? Where is the honorable Senator from New
j Hampshire, [Mr. H u.e:j 1 do not see him now;
' [ but 1 believe he is not much in favor of any m-
ij creased naval force. Those gentlemen were not
content with the moderate counsels of the chair-
| man ot the Committee on Foreign Relations, who,
! I thought, went quite far enough. lie found that
i he was far behind the spnit of the Senate as well
as of tho people of this country, and at the close
of the debate I thought he rather shrank from his
position. He certainly did not answer with any
energy, or vigor, or determination, the arguments
of these worthy gentlemen.
My friend from Florida is acting in character,
and acting up to his professions. He did not mean
any bravado in the speech he made the other day;
but I call on othcrgentlemen who thought it was
time we should be facing Great Britain at once,
who no't only expressed the opinion that we ought
not to be content with any apology or explanation
she could make, but that we ought to prosecute
this controversy until she abandoned her doctrine
or principle of the right of visitation and the right
of search, that we should compel her to admit an
abstraction. Other gentlemen were for authoriz-
ing the President to send our naval force imme-
diately to catch or capture the British vessels. I
thought" catch" was a term well enough to apply,
because, according to an old saying, " there is
catching before hanging." [Laughter.] I thought
then, it was very likely it might occur that we
should find ourselves hardly able to do that in the
present condition of our strength in those seas;
but I know that the spirit of the country is such
that if it would be necessary to vindicate our
honor we ought to authorize the President to send
our little fleet there, and make war upon these ag-
gressors upon the honor of our flag, even if they
were sunk in the conflict. That was the spirit of
the debate the other day. There was no margin
I left for any gentleman who did not speak on that
| occasion, if he wanted to come up to the supposed
! spirit of the people of this country, to make any
| proposition. I shrank from it, not being one of
those who like to place themselves in the position
j of going beyond what is the sohcr-tempeied spirit
i of the people of the country. There was no mar-
! gin left for any gentleman who wanted todistin-
| guisli himself as the undaunted champion of the
! honorofhis country under all circumstances, ex-
! cept to propose that the President should give
! orders to our naval forces to sink the whole Bt'it-
! ish navy. [Laughter.1 You might as well make
such an order as "that as one to captuie her forces
• even in the West Incites at the present time, the
; disparity is so great; but, nevertheless, if it be
necessary to vindicate our honor, we must come
up to it.
But I ask now, in reference to the remarks of
the honorable Senator from Virginia, where are
those war spirits that excited us so much the
other day? I thought, even before the recent oc-
currences in the Gulf, and these insults to our flag,
we ought to go on from year to year making a
modeiate addition to our naval force, such as the
increasing wealth and resources of the country
would justify, such as our credit, if not the money
in the vaults of the Treasury, would justify; but
I confess that after I heard those speeches from
those gentlemen, I felt it my duty as a member
of the Committee on Naval Affairs to give my
support to an increase even beyond what we had
before talked of or considered.
Mr. PUGH. May I ask my honored friend
does he support this proposition on the ground
that he thinks these vessels are to be used for
fighting Great Britain? Is that the ground of
the /Naval Committee?
Mr. BELL. From the first I have considered
that there was no probability of a war with Great
Britain.
Mr. P5JGH. That is what I want to know.
If there is war I am ready to vote for them; but
if they are for peace I am against them.
Sir. BELL. I have acted on the principle, since
the time of the acquisition of our States and Ter-
ritories upon the Pacific ocean, that it would bo
the proper policy of this country to put ourselves
i m an attitude of defense for the contest which was
' likely to come sooner or later with that great ar«
; recant Power across the ocean, as rapidly as that
' policy could bo pursued with our means and the
j support nf the country, and (hatthe way to post-
• pone such a contest to the latest pes tod, if it couid.
; be done consistently with the honor and dignity
of this country, was to prepare gradually and st-
' iently, and never to use bravado on any occasion;
i add to your ships of war, adopt the modern im-
provements in all of them, the application of steam
' as an auxiliary to the sails of your vessels; qtuil-
| ify them to go upon long cruises, and to be able
I to take coal enough to supply them with the aux-
