1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 111; as follows:
YEAS.—Me.=srs Abbott, Adram, Andrews, Bennett. Rii-
lii:2uui-t, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Bulfintou, Bur-
lingnine. Bunoughs, Campbell, Caw. Chaffee, t'napinan,
Ezia Clark, dawson, Clatk B. Cochiaue, Caekenil, Col-
lax, Comins, CovoUe, Cox, Cragm, Cmtis, Dainrell, Davis
of Mar} land, Davis of Indiana, Davis of jVia^acliusett:-,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes. Dean, Dewait. Dick, Dt>dil,Duriee,
Edie. Enalibli, Fauiisworth, Kenton. Fole\, Foster, Gid-
Giiinan, Gooch, Goodwin, Gtansei, Gioe-Ueck,
Giow, Lawienee XV. Hail, Kobeit iJ. Hall, ilailan. Ttionm
L. Ilariiy, lla-km, llickman, Hoaid, Iloitou, Ilowaid,
Owen Jones, Kello<>2, Kehcv, lviljroie, Knapp. John C.
Kunkei, Lawienee, "Leach, Leiter, Loveiov, MeKihlmi.
fcvituncl Mui shall, AJontyoinei \, Morgan. Morrill, Edward
Joy Moms Ii-aae N. Muriw, Fjecnian II Morse, Ohvei A.
Mor.*c, Mott, Muuay, XihiaeU, NiehoK Olin, Paiiner, Par-
Kei, Pendleton, J'etnt, 1'ike, Pottei, l'ottlo, Purviance,
ltitclne. Robbing Robms, lioyce, Aaton Shaw, John Shoi-
man, Jud<on W Siienuan, Robert Smith, Spinner. Stanton,
William rite wail, Tappan,Thaver, Thompson. Tompkins,
Wade, Walbndye, Waldion, Walton. Cadwalader C."Wash-
burn, Hlliiiu li. Wa>hburn«, Israel Washburn, Wilson,
and \Vood~l 15.
\Yri—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson. Arnold, Atkin^, Avery,
Baiiwialc, JJinhop, Boeock, Bowie, Bo\ce, Bianch, Bivan,
Burnett. Burns, Caskie, Joiin B. Claik, Cla\, Clemen-.,
Chn?man. Cobb, John Cochrane, Cornms:, James Ciaijr,
Burton Ciaige, Crawioid, Cnrr>, Davidson. Da\ is of 31 it.
sissippi, Diirumclv, Dowdell, Edmund-on, Elliott, Ku*-
tis, Faulknei, Florence, Garnett, Gaitu-ll. Gillie, Gilmer,
Go'ode, Greenwood, Gregg, Ilaich, Hawkins, Hill, Hopkins,
Houston, Hughes, Ilujlei, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,
George XV. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kent, Kelly. Jacob M.
Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Letcher, MaUay," MeUueen,
Huinplney Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Millei,Mill-
son, Moore, Peyton, Phelps, Phillip*, Powell, Ouiiman,
Ready, Reagan, Ilieaud, Rutfin, Ru-^ell, Sondidge, tvvvage,
Scales, Scott, Searing, Seward, Iienty M. Shaw, Shorter,
Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A. riinith, William
Sfailworth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A Stowiut. 'Pal-
hot, George Tayloi, Miles Tavloi, Tnppe, Underwood,
Ward, Warren, Watkins, White, Winteley, Winslow,
Woodson, Worreudvke, Augustus II. Wught, John V.
Wright, and Zollieoffei—111.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved to icconsider
the vote by which the resolution, as amended,was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. KEITT. 1 ask the unanimous consent of:
the House to make a personal explanation.
There was no objection.
Mr. IvEITT. Mr. Speaker, the House will
remember that its proceedings during the session
of Friday were broken by an unpleasant incident.
It is due to fair dealing that I should assume upon ;
myself all the responsibility for the act, involving 1
a violation of its order, its dignity, and its deco-
rum. I was the aggressor, find whatever respons- -
ibility attaches to the act propeily belongs to me j
alone, it was, however, casua\, accidental, and
sudden. It is also due to justice that I should .
make whatever of reparation is in my power to ;
the dignity and decorum of the House thus vio- :
lated. I do that m the expression of my profound ,
regret at the occurrence. Personal collisions are :
always unpleasant, seldom excusable, larely jus-
tifiable-—never m a legislative body. !
In this connection 1 have but one more remark :
to make, and that is, if any blow was directed at :
me I am not conscious of it. i am at least utterly ,
unconscious of having received any. With this ■
explanation I part from the subject. |
Mr. GROW. Mi'. Speaker, f have been taught
from my childhood that all fights among men are !
disgraceful to human nature and to a Christian '
community, and especially when they oecui ;
among the law-makers of a people, in the midst 1
of their deliberations. The judgment of my riper '
years has fully satisfied me that my education in :
this respect, at least, lias been good and true. Yet 1
the right of self-defense I recognize as one of :
the inalienable rights of man, to be exercised on ;
all occasions and under all circumstances where j
it is necessary to protect life or person. At the .
last sitting of this House I found myself unex- :
pectedly engaged, for ilie first time in my Lfe, m
a peiaonal conflict. To the House I tendei most
cheeifully whatevei of apology is due for this vio-
lation of its order and dtcorum. No ninn can
regiet more than 1 do that then' should have been
any occasion for a violation of (uhcr.
Mr, CURTIS. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was a^jetd to.
The House accordingly (at twenty minutes to ■
tlnee o'clock} adjourned until lo-morrow at twelve
o\ lork, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 9, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Byron Sunderland.
The Journal of yestt'i day was read and approved
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, statements showing the number and
tonnage of Government vessels employed in the :
Pacific ocean; also of the private vessels employed '
by the Government in transporting coal or other i
supplies for the United States, and the annual !
expense thereof; which, on motion of Mr Poj.k, '
was ordered to lie on the table; and a motion by !
him to print it was referred to the Committee on 1
Printing. j
petitions and memorials. !
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen- :
ate a resolution of the Legislature of Tennessee, |
instructing the Senators and requesting the Rep- \
resentatives of that State, j*i Congress, to aid in
the passage of a bill ^rantimj pensions to the sol- j
diei s of the war of 1^12, and of the various India.i i
wars; which was refeired to the Committee on !
Pensions, and ordered to be printed. •
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Jeremiah ,
Y. Dashiell, a paymaster in the Army, praying )
that he may be released from responsibility for j
certain public money lost in the surf while being i
landed at the mouth of Indian river, in Florida; j
which was referred to the Committee on Military j
Allans and Militia. |
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial and reso-
lution of the Legislatuie of Iowa, praying that the i
State muy bo indemnified for expensts incurred j
in raising troops to protect the people of Iowa from 1
a hostile invasion of the Sioux Indians in March, ,
3857; which were leferred to the Committee on 1
Claims, and ordered to be printed. i
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla- !
ture of Iowa, in favor of granting bounty land to j
the volunteers in the Spirit Lake expedition, in i
March, 1857;which wasrefeued to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed. ,
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of the j
regents of the University of Michigan, praying
for a donation of land; which was referred to the j
Committee on Public Lands. I
Mr. BRODERICK presented a memorial of |
citizens of New York, praying that the public 1
lands may be laid out in farms or lots for the fiee I
and exclusive use of actual settlers not possessed j
of oilier hinds; which was referred to the Com- i
nuttee on Public Lands. I
Mi. DROWN presented the petition of James j
Hendebert, praying the reimbuiaemeiit of mom y 'i
advanced to Captain Henry, while engaged m |
the prosecution of his claims against the Onited ■
States before Congress; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims. i
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 presenta memorial from the t
Mayor, Recorder, and members of the Common \
Council of Georgetown, remonstrating against the I
passage of the bill to prohibit the issue of bank 1
notes in the District of Columbia. Thememow- '
ahsts state that they think their long residence 1
and daily experience m the business aiFdirs of the .
Distnct entitle them to know the sentiments and !
wishes of the people; and they say, at the same i
time, that they know they are disfranchised and '
have no other mode of obtaining the adoption of |
such measures as the welfare and interests of the !
community with which they are connected require, i
except by petition. They therefore respectfully !
remonstrate against the passage of this bill. Yes- |
torday, I think, similar remonstrances were laid !
on the table and ordered to be printed. I ask that
this memorial may have the same consideration. I
The memorial was laid on the table.
Mi. luGGS. The question of punting will go i
to the Committee on Printing, I presume. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, su. j
Mr SEWARD. I ask whether the papers on j
the s.une subject went to the Committee on Print- I
ing yesterday, or were ordered to be printed by i
til'-1 Senate ? j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not '
able to say; but unless by unanimous consent, the 1
motion to print must have gone to the Committee |
on Printincr, i
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose no Senator will
objcct to this having the same disposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection has been
made; and the motion must go to the Committee
on Pnnting.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. FOOT, I have received a petition, nu-
merously signed by citizens of the city of New
York, praying Congress to pass a law to prevent
the further traffic in, and monopoly of, the public,
lands of the United States: and that they he laid
out in farms and lots of limited size for the free
and exclusive use of actual settlers not possessed
of other land. As this subject has been before
the Committee on Public Lands, and that com-
mittee have reported a bill to carry out the ob-
jects contemplated in this petition, and that bill
has been assigned for this day as the special order,
on the motion of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] who has been long known asthecham-
! pi on of this measure,and as it is now in his special
j charge, I move that this petition be laid upon the
j table.
j The motion was agreed to.
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Ihaveanum-
: bcr of memorials—one from the State of Connec-
ticut, one from Wisconsin, one from Kentucky,
and two from the State of New York—ah' asking
for the passage of the homestead bill, granting to
each head of a family one hundred and sixty acres
of land; and that ail future sales of the public
lands be confined to actual settleis in limited quan-
tities. I move their reference to the Committee on
Public Lands
Mr. STUART. T wish to suggest, in regard
to these memorials, that inasmuch as the commit-
tee has reported a bill, it is better to move to lay
the memorials on the table.
Mr. JOHN SON, of Tennessee. They ask Con-
gress to confine the futuie sales of public lands to
i uUual soUiois.
| Mr. STUART. The committee has reported
| on several of those memorials, and have asked to
| be dischaiged from their consideration. It is only
I lutnbeiing up the business of the committee to
refer these petitions to them.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not un-
derstand that any bill has been reported in re-
gard to limiting the future sales of public lands.
Mr. STUART. The committee has reported
against that proposition on several of those peti-
tions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move that
it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William Marvin, on the
file- of the Senate, be leferred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DURKEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of the heirs of Jehu Underwood, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 129) to pro-
vide for the final settlement of the land claim of
the heirs of Jehu Underwood, in Florida. The
bill wa«! read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was orden d to be printed.
Air. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Thomas Johnson, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Mary D. I-Iays and B. S. Fassctt, submit-
ted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the heirs of revolution-
ary officers of the continental hue, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jenneit H. McCall,
submitted a leport, accompanied byabiij (S. No.
130) for the relief of Jennett II. McCail. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered tohepimlod.
Mr. FlTZPATRfCiV, fiom th*.* Committee on
Printing, to whom was refcrnd the resolution of
the Senate to print five thousand conies of the
tables of receipts and expenditures of the Gov-
