1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1709
for that length of time has been eminently conve- ;
went, and particularly so 111 a Government like i
ours, extending over so large a territory, when 1
the accounts from some portions of it come in so j
tardily. No reason has been offered for curtail- j
ingit.
The whole amount of the amendment of the |
Senator from Maine, when you come to carry it j
out for a series of years, will be, that the app'ro- !
priations can only be used for one year. They can i
only be used for one year unless there may be ;
some services in that year which are not paid in j
the fiscal year, and balances may afterwards be '
used if there should be any to be applied to that ■
service—that is all. It amounts to a change of the :
act in regard to the surplus fund. It amounts to :
a change in the practice of the Government, which j
is almost as old as the Government itself, and it :
exposes the Department not only to the incon- ;
lenience, probably, of opening more different j
accounts, as it certainly would, but it exposes j
Congress to the necessity of appropiiating more j
frequently, in order to attain the same object. If <
gen tie me n could show that any mischief had arisen
under the old practice, they might have some rea-
son for asking the change; but they hav> shown
none, and { think they can show none. Now, sir,
in regard to this particular chanse, the .Senator
does not cfiect his object of preventing the Ex-
ecutive from sending forwaicl supplies for more
troops than are already in Utah, by ins awnd-
nient. Fie may say, I will not appropriate nioie ,
money than I suppose (for it's a <_rue^s of hi'*, nt ;
least) will be necessary for that object;" but iuio<--s -
not lake away the authonty which thr* PwMdeut
has, under the law, and which the Secretaries have, 1
•under the law, to make ihe.se contracts, and to
change the position of the troops. Fie leaves all ,
that authority; he leaves them the power of iun- ;
mng us in debt for these objects, and simply says ■
he will not pay them now. What is the effect of :
it? They have to go upon credit in order to at- ■
tidn their object. They have to expose the Gov-
ernment thus to a greater cost by being forced to
go upon credit, than having the money to use for -
that pm pose. Is any object attained by that ? On
the contrary, if the Senator desires to prevent this
money fiom being used for these purposes, the
only way he can attain his object will be to say
so in the terms of the law, and say that it shall 1
oidy be used for such purposes. 1-1 e cannot at-
tain his object by limiting the supply of money,
because the authority for contracting the debt still >
exists. |
Sir, in regard to his proposition as to adver- \
tisemeiits, I think that has been so fully answered I
by the Senator from Michigan, and others, that it
is hardly worth while for me to go further into '
the matter. '
U will be for the Senate to determine whether 1
there is economy in making this appropriation :
ahead now or not. It is proposed, for instance,
to make an appropriation for subsistence of actu- :
ally upwards of a million dollars. The commis- j
sary of subsistence tells us that if that bo made, ;
n will involve a reduction m the appropriation of ;
next year; you will not want so much m the ap- •
propiuitions for the next fiscal year; but the rea- J
son given is, that if it be made at once, the sup-
plies can be transported more cheaply. If the j
Senate think that is not a sufficient reason, they j
can strike that out. If they are willing to say that i
this is a mistake and mismanagement, and that j
they can manage it better, they certainly have the ]
i i^ht to do so, and they can strike it out; but I i
think there is a good reason for it; and I do not \
regard as of much consequence the objection that, j
although it is an additional appropriation, it is j
made in a bill which is technically a deficiency j
bill. If it be a mere question of name, I do not
think that is sufficient to put the Department to '
the additional inconvenience to which it would be ■
exposed if we should delay the appropriation un-
til the general bill is passed. How do we know ;
when it will be passed? We have known them j
to be delayed until August; and we are toldnhat, ,
after August, the favorable season for Uanspor- j
tation is gone. We know that over the road to '
Utah, and in that climate, the season foi trans- 1
poitatioi) is limited. We cannot send supplies in i
the winter; and it is therefore proper, if we are to j
concentrate so many troops in that valley, that we ^
should send forwaid the funplies as speedily as j
we can. If, however, the Senate should disap- !
prove of that policy, and should determine to pre-
vent that concentration, they can do so by law,
but in no other way that 1 know of.
Mr. STUART. ' Only a word, sir, upon the
argument of the necessity growing out of the sea-
son of transportation. I objected to appropria-
tions being made ia this bill for 1859 and 1860,
and especially for 1860. How does the honor-
able chairman answer rfie? He says there is a
season for transportation at which season the
transportation can be made much cheaper. That
is undoubtedly true; but when is it? k com-
mences about the l&t of May. Here is 1858. On
the 1st of May 185S, you may make your trans-
portations; and the deficiencies which arc reported
here, and for which Congress appropriates, are
for the service of the year ending June 30, 1858.
Now, sir, go forward, and there comes the spring
of 1859, one year from next May. Then com-
mences the next season for transportation. It
varies a few days, perhaps, either side of the 1st
of May, but that is the usual time. Congress
will be in session again next December and can
make an appropriation in time to commence trans-
portation in May, 1859. Then comes the thud
year, in May, 1860; and Congress will again be
in session m December, before that time; and yet
in this bill are appropriations running to the 3<Hh
of June, 1660. There is no earthly necessity
for it.
it is not, therefore, as the honorable chairman
suggests, merely a question of the name of the
bill in which you pla«:e it, but it is very neai ly an
infringement of the Constitution of the United
States; for liie very clause which gives to Con-
giess the power to laise and support armies says
th it appropriations for that purpose shall not be
made for more than two years. If you count the
actual years, beginning to-day, and suppose this
bill passes to-day, you would infringe the Consti-
tution; but pot haps that would not be a fair con-
struction. It would commence at the end of this
fiscal year, and then it would be just two years;
but there is no necessity for it m order to avail
yourself of the season (or transportation. There
is objection to appi opi latmg lai ge sums of money,
m advance; for, as has been aigued here, if we
appropriate money now for 18G0, that does not
go into the surplus fund until and thus you
would inn four years ahead; and that would be
a palpable violation of the Constitution of the
United States. In any event, I confess I do not
see the necessity.
if the vote is about to be taken on the amend-
ment, 1 suggest to the Senator from Maine that I
shall move' to stuke out all of his first amend-
ment, after the woul " apptopi iatedin line six,
and insert the provision which I have read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator if he
objects at all to the provision that they shall not
make the contracts during this session of Con-
gress ?
Mr. STUART. I stated that I preferred for that
purpose the amendment which had been drawn
up by the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not know that I shall
object to the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland as applicable to couuticis made in the
rece&s of Congieas; but I cannot accede to the pro-
priety of allowing tiie Departments to make con-
tracts m this way during the session. Now I
wish to say one word more in regard to these con-
tracts. Senators perhaps do not consider that
there is a large amount of money, as a general
rule, on hand. We appropriated in the first place
(and that is not touched by my amendment) all
that was supposed to be necessary for the service ,
of the Army for this year. Upon that, contiacts
may be made. There is no prohibition for making-
contracts so far as the money goes. It is only ,
when the cases arise which they call contingencies j
—when that money is expended—that 1 object to :
making contracts So long as it lasts, on the
basis of that, contracts may be made in Cahfor- ,
nia and elsewhere. That is not prohibited. Aii
1 wish to prohibit is this: that while Congress is
m session they shall not make contracts without
funds or specifications, and when it is not m ses- ,
sion that they shall not make thern^ unless under
particular provisions made forguarding thcTreas- !
ury. i
Mr. STUART. I will suggest to the Senator, j
so that he may answer it if he. thinks proper, that i
such an emergency as has been alluded to heic,
the necessity for the prompt movement of troops,
would be just as great during the session of Con^
gress as in the vacation; and the Senator .knows
that the tardiness with which Congress"-necessa-
rily moves in the -passage of appropriation bill#
might prevent the prompt execution of a neccs^
sary order. I think the exigency would be a&
great practically during the session of Congress
as during the vacation; and 1 repeat I do not be-
lieve you can reach this more perfectly than by.
providing for a direct, prompt, and specific ac-
countability.
Mr.FESSENDEN. One word m reply. Emer-
gency is a very general term. There may be a
great one or a small one. If there is any severe
emergency, one that involves the well-being of
the country, it is certainly an imputation on us to
suppose that we will not furnish money just as
quick as it is asked for, and pass everything that
is needful. Suppose there was a rebellion, or an
invasion, or anything of that sort, which called
for prompt, decisive, and decided action by the
Government. The Senator supposes that, while
the President and Executive Departments might
be supposed to move quickly, here we stand, per-
fectly deaf and blind. If it is an emergency that
calls for anything of that'sort, it is to be presumed
we shall all feel alike on that subject, and can
move quick enough.
Mr. MALE I want to state a fact, in answer
to the last suggestion of the Senator-from Mich-
igan. I think, in 1846', while Congress was in
session here, one of these emergencies arose " by
the act of Mexico." We got into a war " by the
act of Mexico,"and the President communicated
that fact to Congress. I believe that Congress,
in less time than it would take to lead the docu-
ments through, passed the appropriations that the
Executive called for. I was not a member of Con-
gress at (hat time; but 1 know complaint was
made then, that they were in such hot haste that
tlvey would not even let the documents be read
through, and the President got everything he
wanted, vastly more than he ought to have had,
and got it very quick—immediately, instantly.
The great mischief of our times is legislation
for emergencies. You will always have them as
long as you provide for them. The true way is to
legislate for peace, and consider war as improba-
ble, at least so far as conferring extensive discre-
tion on the Executive is concerned. The Admin-
istration will never be in want of an emergency as
long as Bngham Young lives, that is certain; they
can have it at any time. We should not consider,
and should not look at the question in that point
of view. The experience and history of the coun-
try shows that, even when an emergency comes
by the extraordinary blundering of the Adminis-
tration, as Mr. Calhoun said the Mexican war
came, Congress are prompt, too prompt, to pro-
vide for it. It is a false, an unsafe, and unsound
doctrine to be conferringextraordmary discretion,
to be exercised in fact without any discretion, as
we see it has been, because it is possible we may
stumble into war. In regard to the suggestion
the honorable Senator from Michigan has made,
the amendment has been divided, so that we can
have a vote on his proposition, and then on the
other. Let us have a vote on the first branch first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
The first question before the Senate is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Texas to
the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
then recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Manic; and at the request of the Senator from
New Hampshire it will be divided. The vote will
first be taken upon the first branch of that amend-
ment, m these words:
vlnJ be ilfut fh"t e muted. That no pari of the amount ap-
pi op: M!e<l l>> tin - act foi the ~ -i vice of any one ttscul year,
shall i>e u-ed lor ot applied to the soiviceof any oilier year,
noi-i.c tiauM: ned fuoi used for any other bianeh of expend'
uuie thau thai lor whiUi it is specifically appioprjated."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssip. Biodcnck, lJrown,Cameion, Chandler,
Clark, Oollamer, Dixon, Doohttle, Douglas, Durkee, Fes-
semlcn, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Ilailan, Houston,
Johnson of Tenne-^ee. King, Seward, Simmons, rftuaiu
Trumbull, and Wado—94.
\ \ —Messrs. Alien, TJ.i\ ard. Benjamin, Bigg', Bright.
Cla), Ilvan®, Fitch, Fitzputrick, Gwm, Hammond, Jlunifr,
Johnson of Aikan--a<, W diory, Sdu-u-uun,
^iideJl. Toombs, WnylM, .tti-i V.Jlee— 2i.
