2734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
iliary power when it might be needed in battle on
the coast of another continent if necessary, and
make intercommunication with the Pacific through
your own country. I am sarry that scheme is so
gigantic as to alarm so many men; but from the
time we acquired our possessions on the Pacific
coast, I thought it was the duty of this Govern-
ment to provide a means of overland communi-
cation, as safe and convenient a one as was prac-
ticable and possible. We have neglected that for
ten years. The country has not come up to my
notions on that question.
In the debate, the other day, I refrained from
taking any part. I could not conceive impossible
that Great Britain intended to insult this country
in her present condition, or as it will be for a long
time to come. With her still unsettled affairs in
India, with the condition of her relations with
France, in the opinion of many, lowering and
scowling upon her—the French army, at least,
courting a contest with the English, and the mon-
ument of Waterloo still glaring in their faces and
in their minds—I could not suppose that England
courted hostility with this Government. I thought
there must be some mistake; some violation of
orders, and in considering the other connections,
the trade and the dependency of Great Britain, in
some degree, for the subsistence of her own pop-
ulation, and keeping her manufacturers at work,
by getting cotton from this country, 1 could not
suppose England meant any such thing; but still
we ought to have all the reparation that a coun-
try, jealous of its honor and confident of its re-
sources in the end to meet Great Britain, or any
other Power, ought to expect from a country al-
ways proud of her honor. Certainly, more we
ought not to demand; and if she will not give that,
we ought to meet her at all hazards. I will tell
my friend from Ohio, further, what I thought.
From the temper of the debate, and from the in-
terest that seemed to be felt in getting up an ex-
citement in the country, (except that I have heard
that none of our naval officers are very young
men,) I feared they might take fire, light up their
feelings according to the spirit which they found
prevailing in Congress and among the people of
this country, and transcend their orders a little,
if necessary, to come m conflict with the war
vessels of Great Britain, in the Gulf of Mex-
ico; and I should not be surprised if some of our
ships-of-war, sent there, have captured some of the
British vessels, after a conflict, or have been cap-
tured. When I heard the debate, I did not know
but that there was an interest felt m some quar-
ters that wc should have war with Great Britain,
and I thought then, as I think now, that if we
wanted it, we can have a war out of this business
in the Gulf. The President can have a war, if he
wants it. He holds in his hands the power of
giving orders to our vessels, and they are not more
likely to obey them strictly now, than they were
recently, on another occasion.
Sir, I am trespassing too long on the Senate;
but I want the gentlemen who were so warlike
the other day to come up to the support of this
proposition for a small inci ease of our naval force.
It is half an hour since the Senator from Virginia
took the position that if we needed an increased
naval force the measure should be brought for-
ward in a separate bill. I have given attention
to the fact that it is notlikely that an opportunity
will be presented for such a separate bill during
the present session; and if there was any sincer-
ity, if it was not all hollow bravado, "which it
would have been better for the honor and dignity
of the Senate to have pretermitted altogether in
the debute the other day, there is occasion for
this increase, and it ought to be followed up by
some real movement which will show that we are
in earnest, a.?d that although the Treasury is low
we are ready to use the credit of the country to
make an addition i\o our naval forces. That was
my object in rising, a.nd if now this amendment
shall be voted down, I Si^all not think that it has
been consistent entirely witi*' the spirit manifested
the other day, and will show that that was hol-
low.
Mr. SHOWN. I think, sir, the Senate will
kear ji&e witness that I do not belong" to the cate-
gory to which the Senator from Tennessee has
alluded—the war-making portion m the Senate.
g>ince this English difficulty has existed, I have
pot o£ud one word about it. I have purposely
abstained from doing so; and therefor? no Part ^
the remarks on that point, of the Senator from
Tennessee, has the slightest reference to me. I
shall vote for this amendment with great pleasure.
I should vote for it with more pleasure if it pro-
posed to build twenty instead of ten ships. As
to the size of the ships, I am unable to say now
whether they are a proper size or not, and should
be just as little able to say it the next year or the
year following. The capacity of ships must ne-
cessarily be determined upon by those who have
the command of them, and those under whose
supervision they are to be placed. It is impossi-
ble that I can ever understand what sized ships
are best for naval purposes. I assume necessa-
rily that the Naval Committee, charged with the
settlement of that question, the Secretary of the
Navy, and officers of the Navy who have been
csiUed into consultation, have properly considered
that subject, and have made a proper recommend-
ation. I feel that your Navy is too small; that
there is a necessity for increasing it—a necessity
which hasexisted foryears,and existsin greater
force now than at any former period. If the Sec-
retary of the Navy, the Naval Committee, and
the naval commanders, have made a false or im-
proper recommendation as to the size of the ships,
the responsibility must be upon them. If I could
be better instructed at the end of six months than
I am now, I might say, let us wait a little while;
but I shall not be. At the opening of the next ses-
sion you will have to rely on the same sources of
information on which you rely now, because each
individual Senator for himself can have but very
slight information on a point of this kind, and he
would not like to risk his own individual opinion
against the opinion of the Secretary, the commit-
tee, and the officers of the Navy.
The Senator from Virginia says that at another
time, when the Treasury is full, he will be will-
ing to vote for this supply. When will the Treas-
ury be fuller than it is now? No man can tell.
When can you borrow upon better terms than
you can borrow now? Your credit, instead of
rising, in case you get into difficulties with Great
Britain, will fall,and fall rapidly. Instead of be-
ing able to borrow at three or four per cent, then,
you will have to borrow at ten,fifteen,or twenty
per cent., and perhaps at a higher rate. You now
borrow because you choose to do it. Get into a
war with England, and you will borrow because
you are forced to do it; and a forced loan, a loan
when you are compelled to have it,is always ob-
tained upon harsh terms. This is the only object
for which I would agroe to borrow money to any
extent. I would not borrow money in any large
sum to keep up your A rmy In the proper admin-
istration of your Government, you have very lit-
tle use for an army. About all the scrvice it per-
forms in time of peace is to watch Indians, and
I very much agree with my venerable friend from
Texas, [Mr. Houston,] that if you let the In-
dians alone, they want very little watching. But
your flag, according to the declaration of gentle-
men all around the Chamber, has been insulted,
again and again,on the sea. We have heard the
Senator from Tennessee recapitulate the simple
facts that war speeches have been made on both
sides of the Chamber, speeches calculated to stir
up the blood of young America, speeches calcu-
lated to excite English spirit, if she be acting
upon a system,speeches calculated to produce an
issue, to bring the two Governments face to face
—that you must either have a fight or have a
back out, on one side or the other. English cour-
age never has receded from a conflict, nor has the
courage of America. I hope that at the last hour
we are not to shrink from the conflict, and do it
on the miserable plea that, after all the boasting
we have had here, we are unprepared for war.
Do gentlemen calculate that their speeches are
to be read in the British Parliament, by British
statesmen, and no notice taken of them? Do
gentlemen calculate that Great Britain is to take
down her flag, and not to stand up to any national
position she has assumed? If they make such
calculation,then let me say, history does not jus-
tify their making it. If they are quite assured
that the recent transactions in the Gulf of Mex-
ico are unauthorized, then their speeches were
unworthy of Senators. I supposed that those
speeches were made because there was a settled
conviction on the minds of Senators that Great
Britain did authorize these outrages, that we
were talking, not to the poor creature who com-
mands the Styx or the Buzzard, but that we
were talking to Lord Derby and his council,that
we were talking to the Q,ueen upon the throne.
If we were, if that was the view of the subject,
then Senators ought to consider that the words
uttered here are not light and frivolous words,
and will not be so considered and treated by the
world, but that these bold words ought to be
backed by bold and manly actions.
Mr. President, I know very well that, in case
of a conflict with Great Britain, the great burden
is to fall on that section of the country from which
I come, and upon no portion of it more heavily
than upon my own State. Mine is a cotton State;
purely a cotton producing State. Wesell scarcely
a penny's worth of anything else than thatgreat
staple, and Great Britain is our best customer;
but I say before the Senate to-day, and before the
world, that, sooner than allow my flag to be in-
sulted, I would have my people carry every bale
of their cotton to New Orleans and Mobile, to
make barricades, and, if necessary, I would put
the torch to it and burn up every fiber of it with-
out one sixpence of insurance from any quarter.
With me, sir, the defense of the flag is the first
great duty of an American patriot, and I would
defend it, cost what it may. But I should talk
idly if I said I was for a war with Great Britain.
I want no war with her. I want her to respect
the rights of these States united; I want her to
pay proper deference to the glorious banner of the
stars and stripes. If she refused that, I would
not stop an instant to count the cost in dollars and
cents—nay, sir, not in blood and life. I indorse
what my friend from Tennessee lias said, that
these violent speeches, unbacked by acts, amount
to little. When they are carried across the At-
lantic, and are read there, British statesmen can-
not fail to see that this is mere bravado; that you
will talk valiantly to the populace about war; but
when it comes to preparation you do not make
the preparation.
It is confessed now that you have not an avail-
able naval force to vindicate your flag in the Gulf
of Mexico. Who does not know that that is true ?
How often has it been stated here without con-
tradiction that the British guns in the West In-
dies and the Gulf of Mexico outnumber yours
more than two to one, and that you have not an
additional force to send there? Yet, in the face
of these facts, gentlemen have talked of war, of
blowing Great Britain out of the sea, capturing
her vessels, and bringing them into port, holding
them as hostages, and all that! If you mean to
meet an issue with a Government like Britain,
you have a very different game before you; and
it is high time you commenced preparing for the
conflict. These war speeches have satisfied me
that there is danger, imminent danger; that, if you
vindicate the honor of your flag, you will have
war. 1 do not say that you will have it abso-
lutely, but that there is danger of it; and, in the
faco of that danger, I will provide for the contin-
gency in advance of its coming. Let us have the
twelve sloops. I repeat again, I am sorry the
committee did not propose twenty. Twenty
would not be half enough. Better borrow the
money now, when you can get it at three or four
per cent., than stumble headlong into war and
Dorrow at twelve, fourteen, fifteen, or peihaps
twenty, or even a higher percentage.
But even in a time of profound peace you need
the vessels. If there was no menacing anywhere,
I might say that, inasmuch as there is no pressing
necessity for it, I will not go for an increase of the
Navy; but in view of the present danger I am for
the increase, cost what it may. I think H will
have a wholesome effect on diplomacy. While I
would not undertake to menace a Power like
Great Britain, because she is not a Power to be
menaced or bullied, yutl think if she saw that you
were backing up your bold words by equally bold
and valiant deeds, she would not be quite so likely
to be so overbearing and haughty as a nation as
we know her to be—as she would be—if you sim-
ply talk and do nothing. I am for backing up all
we have said by equally bold deeds. 1 am not
finding fault with gentlemen now for talking. It
is all well enough. Up to this hour I have taken
no part in it; but I choose to put my declaration
on the record not only in favor of vindicating the
flag on this question in words, but in favor of
preparing to do it by deeds. These sloops, if you
would build them will not encumber your Navy.
