'624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9.
"srament from March 4,1789, to June 30, 1857,
reported in favor of the resolution; and it was
agreed-to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Senate, showing the payments
„ from the contingent fund of the Senate during the
year ending December 6, 1857, reported in favor
of it; and the motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the report of the
Secretary of War, showing the number of troops
stationed in Kansas each quartersmce January 1,
1855, reported in favor of it; and the motion was
agreed to
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print the report of the
Secretary of War, showing the amount expended
for the support of the Military Academy during
the past year, repoited in favor of the motion;
and it was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
"was referred the motion to print the report of the
Secretary of War, communicating the report of
the commission on the war claims of Oregon and
Washington Territories, repoited in favor of the
motion; and it was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the motion to print (he report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating the
amount of revenue collected in each collection dis-
trict for each of the years from 1852 to 1857, in-
clusive, the amount expended, and the number of
oersons employed m its collection during those
years, reported m favor of the motion; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was refened the petition of
Samuel V. Niles, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 131) for his relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOTJGLAS, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred so much of
the annual message of the President as relates to
our relations with foreign Powers, submitted a
report relative to the difficulties between the Uni-
ted States and the Republic of Paraguay, accom-
panied by the following icsolution:
Rv>olve<i, Thar, for tlie puiposi* of adjusting the differ-
ences between tin1 United Stat*1* anil the Republic of Par-
aguay, in connection with the attack on the United States
steamer Warei VVtfch,and with othei matters leicned to in
the uuuuil menage ot the President, he be, and hereby is,
authorized to adopt «ueh measures and use such t'oice as
in Ins judgment, may bo ncre-'-aiy and advisable, in the
event ot a relu^al ot just satisfaction by the Government
of Paraguay.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print an
additional number of the report of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, in relation to the arrest of
William Walker, reported in favor of the motion;
and it was agreed to.
PRINTING OF KANSAS MESSAGE.
The VICEPRESiDENT. The hour hasarrived
for the consideration of the special order, which
is the bill to increase the military establishment
of the United States.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to make a report
from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. DAVIS. If the report is not to lead to
debate, I shall not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the reception of the repoit of the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report in favor of printing
fifteen thousand extra copies of the message of the
President of the United States communicating the
constitution of the State of Kansas. I ask the
concuirency of the Senate in the report.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. Is the report to pnntfifteen thou-
sand copies of the message and constitution, or
fifteen thousand copies of the message and the
usual number of the constitution?
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw the motion for
the present. There seems to be a difference be-
tween the other members of the committee and
myself, and X therefore withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
have been ordered, but by unanimous consent the
report may be withdrawn. The Chair hears no
objection.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to take up the reso-
lutions upon which we adjourned last evening,
which were resolutions of inquiry calling for in-
formation relative to Kansas.
Mr. DAVIS. The spceial order must first be
postponed before that question can be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion regu-
larly in order would be to postpone the special
order, with a view to take up those resolutions.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not understand that that
is necessary, according; to the rules of the body.
A special order made for one morning for half
past twelve o'clock, and then postponed,loses its
priority, I apprehend. 1 take it for granted it
loses it after the first day. It is then postponed
until to-morrow, and falls into the regular list of
special orders which come up at one o'clock. Be-
cause a bill is made the special order for one day
at a particular time, and that, too, during a morn-
ing hour, I do not understand that when post-
poned it necessarily comes up at that time, to the
exclusion of the morning business every day until
it is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
briefly his opinion on the point of order. There
is no morning hour in the Senate. There "is a
fixed order of business in reference to petitions
and reports by the rule of the body.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was going to remark that
in order to avoid any questions of order in the
Senate, I would change the motion, and move to
postpone all prior orders of business, for the pur-
pose of considering the resolutions of inquiry to
which I have alluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves to postpone the present and all
other special orders, with a view to take up the
resolutions of inquiry to which he has teferred.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose those resolutions of
inquii y cannot pass without debate. It is really,
therefore, the postponement of the consideration
of the bill to increase the Army, which is the un-
finished business before the Senate; and I suppose
every Senator will bear testimony that his mind
has now been so long drawn off that subject that
a great deal of what has been said heretofore will
have to be repeated. I think it is a loss of time
thus to interrupt the progress of the bill, and that
if we proceed with the subject now, we shall more
readily reach a conclusion than by a further post-
ponement.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should be entirely willing
to yield to the view suggested by the Senatorfrom
Mississippi if I could have the assurance that I
should not be called upon to act as a member of
the Committee on Territories, and decide on the
very question at issue, before this information is
obtained. I only desire this information in order
that I may be able, a? a member of thecomrmttee,
to act intelligently on the subject referred to them.
I have no desire to postpone the consideration of
the Army bill, or procrastinate that business at
all; but my object is to obtain the information
which is necessary, essential to enable us to act
upon that subject which the Senate yesterday re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories. Thatis my
sole object, and it seems to me the resolutions ought
to be considered and adopted by the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I think the Senatorfrom Illi-
nois may feel satisfied that, whenever his resolu-
tions come up, unless they be disposed of by a mo-
j tion to lay them upon the table, they will lead to a
j very long debate. Mv own impiession of the tenor
I of the resolutions offered by the Senator is, that
j their effect will be, if they are adopted, to trans-
| fer to the Halls of Congress all the crimination
, and recrimination,without any useful result what-
1 ever, which we know to have existed m Kansas
| for the last two years; and under thatimpression,
! whenever it shall be the pleasure of the Senate to
[ take up those resolutions, I shall move to lay
l them on the table, as a test question, for it is not
t a question proper for the consideration of the Sen-
: ate. If, however, that motion should not pre-
I vail, then I feel satisfied the resolutions will lead
■ to a very long debate. I hope, therefore, that the
j order of business will be pursued, and that the
I Senate will go on and dispose of the Army bill,
which is certainly a question of very great im-
portance before the country. What the Commit-
tee on Territories may do, that committee will
decide for itself. If it chooses to refrain from act-
ing until these resolutions are disposed of, it is a
proper subject for the committee to decide. I
take it for granted the Senator can have no assur-
ance from the Senate of what it would be proper
for the committee to do in the case.
Mr. PUGH. 1 hope the Senator from Virginia
i will withdraw his objection. I expected to have
been in my seat yesterday when the vote was
taken on the instructions moved by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] but did not
return in time. I should have voted against those
instructions if I had been present; but I can see
no reasonable objection to a call for copies of the
public documents to be found on the files of the
executive department of Kansas Territory. We
asked for these very documents before, except the
retuins of the election on the 4th of January, and
we received for answer from the President that no
copies of these documents were on file here. There
is no change, as I understand, between this reso-
lution and the resolution which the Senate adopt-
ed on my motion in December, except that this
asks for the returns of the elections held on the
4th of January.
Now, Mr. President, how is it that a call for
documents of this character can possibly give rise
to the discussion specified by the Senatorfrom
Virginia—a discussion into which, I assure him,
I have no disposition to go ? It is alleged here, on
one side, that one half the counties of Kansas
Territory were not represented in the convention,
without any fault of their own. On the other side
it is alleged, as specifically, that the greater num-
ber of those counties contained no population. It
is a fact that ought to be settled. I do not say
that ought to induce us to delay the decision of
the question on the admission of Kansas; but it
is a fact on which we ought to be satisfied, and
the country ought to be satisfied. It is suscepti-
ble of being demonstrated on the one side or the
other; and we can demonstrate it, if we can ascer-
tain what number of votes were given in October,
1857, in the various counties of Kansas for mem-
bers of the Territorial Legislature, and for a Del-
egate in Congress. If these are paper counties—■
counties in name, with no votes in them—there is
an end of the whole allegation. If, on the con-
trary, they are counties that ought to have been
represented, then it goes, as I once before said on
this floor, to the legality of the whole convention.
The fact that Senators may make a public docu-
ment sent here the pretext for an argument that
is not pertinent to it, seems to me no reason why
we should not have the document. It is simply
asked that we shall have the returns of the va-
rious elections, and the law requires them to be
here. The organic act requires the Secretary of
that Territory every six months to send the ex-
ecutive minutes; but it has not been done; and,
therefore, we cannot get them by an ordinary ap-
plication to the Departments. This results from
a neglect of duty on the part of the Secretaries of
that Territory. I think we ought to have them.
I hope the Senate will agree to order them; and to
do it now, because it is a material part of the con-
i troversy. If we put it off, it will be an argument
| why we should not have the question heard in
committee, and why itshould be delayed ad infin*
itum.
Mr. GREEN. I had supposed that the inform-
ation called for was designed for the use of the
Senate more than for the committee. If it be de-
signed for the use of the Committee on Territo-
ries, it is much more appropriate that the com-
mittee themselves should call for it, than for one
member to call for it in the absence of any action
or consideration on the part of the committee.
The committee have never been called together
on the subject. It has never been before them.
I know it is perfectly proper for any Senator to
move for information for the use of himself and
of other Senators; but when it is for the use of a
■ committee it would be more appropriate for the
i committee itself to make the request. There is
one branch of it however that is wholly immate-
rial and ought to be stricken out. To the others,
if they do not cause delay, I have no objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
will give way for a moment, I should like to hear
the resolutions read before the discussion gpes on.
