1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1711
appropriation for deficiencies for transportation,
in the year ending June 30, 1858, from $500,000
to $1,000,000. My amendment, as modified, is
to strike out all the military appropriations in the
original bill between line thirty, on page 2, and
line one hundred and sixteen, on page 6, and
insert;
To supply a deficiency of appropriations for the regular
supplies ot the<juartmua-tet's department in tile year end-
ing June 30,1857, $279,377 57.
To supply a deficiency of appropi lations for the incidental
expenses of the quaitermastei's depaitment, in the year
ending June, 30, 18:17, £129,880 20.'
To supply a deficiency of appropiiations for the trans-
portation of troops and supplies in the year ending June 30,
1857, $751,487 15.
To supply a deficiencvof appropriations for barracks and
quarters in the >ear ending June 30, 1857, $67,954 39.
To supply a deficiency of nppiopnations for the regular
supplies or the quarieuiia^ter'a department in the year end-
ing June 30, 1858, #300,000.
To supply a deficiency of appropriations for incidental ex-
penses of the (|uarteimaster;s department in the year end-
ing June 30, 1658, $00,000.
To supply a defii'iency of appropriations for transporta-
tion of troops and supplies in the year ending June 30,1858,
$1,000,000.
To supply a deficiency of appropriations for constructing
barracks, and other expenses incident to the same and to
quartets for the troops, and to stoic-houses foi the safe-
keeping of miluaiy stores, during the year ending June 30,
1858, §30,000.
To supplyadeficiencyof appropriations for the purchase
of horses necessary to be pui chased in the j ear ending June
30, 1858, for the two regiment's of diajroons, the t\v > regi-
ments of cavalry, the regiment of mounted riflemen,! ho com-
panies of light artilleiy, and s,ucinufantiy as it may be found
necessary to mount at the tiontiei post«, $100,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Sena-
tor from Maine proposes to appropriate $3,718,000
for deficiencies. Is Unit the amount?
Mr. FESSENDEN". Not so much as that. It
is about a million short of that. I will explain
precisely the ground on which I put it.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish the Senator would do
so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I remarked a few mo-
ments ago, the original bill that has come into the
Senate is so drawn that while in fact it is intended
to provide for deficiencies in the year 1857, and
for supposed deficiencies in the year 1858, it also
provides for proposed expenditures in the suc-
ceeding years 1859 and 1860, and it is so framed
that it is impossible to make a distinction between
the two. It is so drawn that we cannot vote sep-
arately on these separate objects, for or against
them. It is also founded on another object, and
that is developed in the document which I have
here, No. 22 of the House Miscellaneous Docu-
ments, m which the Quartermaster General states
—the Secretary does not state anything at all
about it—that he desires to provide for certain
enumerated di ficieneies in the year 1857, and for
certain probable deficiencies in 1858, including in
those deficiencies all that will be necessary in the
present year for the Army as it stands now with
the present number of oar troops in Utah. That
is one object; and another object is (and that
makes very much the largest part of the appro-
priations) to provide for transporting to Utah an-
other very laige body of troops to operate there,
and to provide for the supplies necessary for them
during about twenty months from this period.
I desire, for the reasons I have before slated, to
divide these appropriations. In the first place, I
will say to the chairman thatl have no very par-
ticular squeamishness about deficiency bills, or
about putting into a deficiency bill what may be
necessary to put in at the time, provided it is ab-
solutely essential and does not involve any viola-
tion of principle. But what I wish to do is to
bring this question distinctly before theTSenate, to
see whether the Senate will,-at this period of the
session, not only justify the preparations that have
been made to send an army to Utah consisting of
between five and- six thousand men, but will also
provide for supporting that army in Utah for a
year after the expnation of this fiscal year, or
more, in the present state of our information.
With a design to settle that question, and also to
bring before the Senate directly whether it will,
in advance of any necessity at the present time,
make that provision, I have proposed these
amendments.
'Now I will state to the Senator and to the Sen-
ate what I propose. The provision made in the
amendment I have suggested with regard to the
deficiencies of the year 1857, is precisely what is
stated m the document to which I have referred, j
as needed by the Quartermaster General. With
reference to these deficiencies of 1857, there can
be no dispute at all. The next provisions that I
have made in the amendmentare for the supposed
deficiencies in the year ending June 30,1858; and
with reference to the sums the Quartermaster
General supposes to be necessary for them, I have
no means of judging any further than that he has
given the estimates, and on those estimates I rely.
I change them only in one particular. He esti-
mates for transportation in the year 1858, the
sum of $2,000,000. That I have struck down to
$1,000,000. I have not interfered with the sup-
posed deficiencies of 1858 in any other particular,
but left them just as stated by the Quartermaster
General.
The reason why I have reduced that item of
transportation one half is this: he proposes as a
deficiency in 1858 the transportation that is neces-
sary to be incurred before the end of this fiscal
year, not only for the troops that are in Utah now,
but for the troops that he proposes to send there.
It is impossible, of course, to come to an accurate
conclusion about it; but if we refuse to appropri-
ate the present time for this proposed large in-
crease of force, one half the amount that is stated
as necessary for the year 1858 will unquestion-
ably be enough to cover all that is needed for the
transportation of the Army. That will certainly
be enough if we do not undertake to transport the
large increase of the Army and the large increase
of supplies and stores necessary to maintain them.
That is the only difference. I have not struck out
any of the other amounts estimated by the Quar-
termaster General. That is the only item in which
I have made a reduction on the principle that we
may very well postpone all the supplies for the
year 1859, and for the year 1860, until we come to
act upon the general appropriation hill of this ses-
sion, because there is a provision here made for
as much as can possibly be started, in my judg-
ment, in the year 1858. Reasoning upon ordinary
principles, even from the facts that are given to
us, it would not be necessary to go any further
than I propose. By this, we should put m the
hands of the Department all the money that is
necessary to proude for the Army as it stands,
with the number of troops at present located in
Utah. That is the simple punciple on which I
have prepared the amendment so as to test these
questions.
While 1 propose that, I do not undertake to say
that it will not be nect ssaiy to provide in the gen-
eral appropriation bill within a few weeks for this
increased force; nor do J undertake to say that it
will be necessary. What I say is, simply, that
at present we have no information before us, in
my judgment, which would justify an uppiopn-
ation of so very large a sum of money in advance,
in this deficiency bill. The Senator from Vir-
ginia, I suppose, will see precisely what effect this
would have. Suppose the amendment which has
been adopted had not passed, and should not final-
ly prevail: if you undertook to vote this very large
sum of money, extended, as it would be extended
by the existing law, over several years, the result
would be that if, as we believe, and as we have
reason to think, the difficulties in Utah should be
terminated without any trouble, soon after this
Congress adjourns, in the course of the summer,
it would leave an enormous appropriation in the
hands of the Administration for Army purposes
—it would pass out of our control, at any rate, for
the present—for them to use just as they pleased.
Let me be understood. Pass this bill as it was
reported in the first place, without the amendment
which the Senate has not yet finally adopted, but
has adopted in Committee of the Whole, with
regard to the transfer of appropriation, and you
appropriate on account of the supposed Utah
war, some eight million dollars to the use of the
Army: and what would be the result? Wemust
make, at theend of the session, the usual and the
ordinary appropriations for the Army. These are
deficiencies, or extra appropriations, on account
of the supposed Utah service. Then, when we
have made the ordinary appropriations for the use
of the Army, and Congress has adjourned, if, as
is most probable, and ought to be the case, the
Utah difficulties are settled without any further
trouble, (and commissioneis have gone out there
in order to do it,) the result is, that here is an
enormous appropriation left in the hands of the
Administration, for which it can have no use con-
nected with the regular service of the Army, and
which would enable it todo^as it pleased. Al-
though , perhaps we might not anticipate any very
great danger or difficulty, yet it is contrary
reasonable principles of appropriation, especially
for Army purposes, to-do such a thing*. ' ; . :
The Senator will see that if the ametid-raeiafc
which has been adopted in committee should be
sustained by the Senate, it renders it absolutely
necessary that there should be a more specific ap-
propriation in the bill. Asitstands now,all thege
appropriations are in a lump, under the different
heads of expenditure. For instance, for trans-
portation, in one head, the appropriation is over
five million dollars. It does not distinguish be-
tween one year and another. Therefore, if we
make the appropriation in general terms, it stands
as an appropriation for the present year; and
standing as an appropriation for the present year,
with the amendment that has been adopted, there
could not be a dollar df it used after this year.
Hence, if that amendment is to be sustained, it be-
comes absolutely necessary that the appropriation
for different years should be specifically made in
specific sums for the service of those years; and
it was in reference to that necessity, if my first
amendment was adopted, that I prepared this one,
covering specifically the ascertained deficiencies
for the year 1857, and. the probable deficiencies for
1858.
These are the simple principles on which the
amendment was prepared. .Now, 1 have to gay
in regard to the other branch of the case, that,
in my judgment, at the present time Congress
would not be justified in making the enormous ap*
propriation pioposed for the increase of the Army
m Utah. It is said that we have difficulties in
Utah. Well, sir, it is one of those emergencies
that an Administration may at anytime crcate.
We have heard a great deal here of emergencies;
and it was in reference to these emergencies which
an Administration may make at any time withits
control of the Army, that I proposed the other
amendments, one of which has been adopted, and
the other rejected by the Senate. How has this
emergency been brought about? Let us look back
at its history.
The difficulties with Utah, as has been said ovetf
and over again, existed under the preceding Ad-
ministration, for two or three years. They were
just as bad at any time for a year before the close '
of the former Administration, as they have been
at any time since, until the army now under the
command of Colonel Johnston reached its pres-
ent quarters. What did the Administration do?
No claim, no demand whatever, was made upon
the last Congress for any increased appropriation
on account of the difficulties with Utah. That
Congress and that Administration did not appre-
hend that there would be a necessity for any in-
creased military expenditures for that particular
reason; and yet, when the present Administration
came into power with that state of things under
which the former Administration had rested, and
under which the country had rested, itproceeded to
organize an expedition to Utah, which would ne-
cessarily involve the expenditure of an enormous
amount of money.
That is the first step it took. Well, sir, how did
it undertake to do that ? There is a little pecu-
liarity about it. We hpar it now urged on all
sides that, m order to deal with this subject with
any degree of economy, Congress must move now;
it must not hesitate a month; it must not hesitate
two weeks; the time must be well spent, in order
to avoid the necessity for a great expenditure of
money. Why, sir, when that argument is ad-
vanced here, let us advert to the fact that the ex-
pedition which started last year for Utah, did not
leave Leavenworth until some time in August—
I do not know the exact period, but it was at a
period of the year when it was impossible for it
to reach its destination, and when anybody could
have foreseen what must be the inevitable result,
that there would be an immense increase of the
expenses of transportation, for the reason that the
grass would be gone, and for other reasons oper-
ating on such expeditions. It ought also to have
been foreseen that the troops must go into win-
ter quarters under the most unfavorable circum-
stances; and that that movement would involve
the necessity of forwarding large amounts of sup-
plies at a vastly increased cost, when nothing m
the world could be accomplished during that year;
and when, for any purpose of the expedition it-
