1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2735
Your Navy is not, it never has been, large enough.
Your coast has been extended. If you had no
further service for it, your coast has more than
doubled within the last fifteen years; there is a
greater amount of coastwise* trade to guard on both
sides of the continent. It requires a greater ex-
penditure; and if there be grumbling among the
people about the expenditure, the answer is easy:
" you insisted upon the addition to the country;
you knew when you were getting all this coast
that it would need defense; if you are a sensible
and thinking people, you must have seen it would
involve an expenditure to protect it, and keep it,
and maintain it." I am for increasing the Navy
from ten sloops up to twenty, and I would vote
for forty.
Mr. TOOMBS. Being one of those who felt it
their duty to propose, and to advocate, very de-
cided measures for seeking redress for the insults
to our flag by the British authorities in the West
Indies, I feel called upon, by the extraordinary
speeches of the Senator from Tennessee and the
Senator from Mississippi, to vindicate that course
of policy which I deemed it proper to pursue. I
can tell the Senator from Mississippi, that the
great difference between him and me is, that I am
for a war with England and he is for a war on the
Treasury. That is what maiks our respective
policies. Sir, no country on the face of the earth
is better prepared for war to-day than the United
States of America; no country better prepared to
vindicate its honor by land or by sea. The best
preparation any people can have is to have all ihe
material of war. You have got men; you have
got money; you have got provisions; you have
got all the material necessary for a war with any
nation upon earth, or with all nations upon earth.
Therefore, give me a war measure and I will give
you war supplies; but I will not give you war sup-
plies with peace. Go, and pass your resolutions,
and order your President of the United States to
take the aggressors in the Gulf of Mexico, the
English officers who have seized and insulted and
trampled upon your flag; and fired into your ships,
and then come to me for war supplies and you
can get them; but you cannot have just war enough
to make it a siphon to drain the Treasury and be
kicked again in the Gulf, as you have been year
after year. That is my policy. I think we are
prepared now, on the general principle. I again
repeat, that the best preparation for war is the
development of the great material interests of the
people. You have two hundred thousand seamen
accustomed to navigation; you have ample means
in the general prosperity of the country; you have
a vast militai y force, sufficient to meet the whole
world; and I think we are ready.
I do not belong to that class who are disabling
the country for war by an overshadowing peace
expenditure. The worst preparation for war is
to break down your Treasury by spending eighty
or a hundred million dollars a year, squandering
it in time of peace. I would leave itin the pockets
of the people for the development of the great re-
sources of the Republic; and when war came,
they could improvise a navy. You have the men;
you have the means; you have the material; you
have everything that a great nation needs. What
has been the great need of nations in the most
recent wars? Look at the Crimean war. England
went all over her dominions, and she could not
find men. The crooked-backed people about her
factories were unfit to serve 111 the Crimea. Nine-
ty-nine out of a hundred were rejected by her sur-
geons. She even came here, and followed the exile,
whom her policy had driven from her own shores,
in order to take him up with her drum and fife to
enlist under the banner from which he had fled.
She had not men enough; that was her great need.
She could not get them. She went to foreign coun-
tries to hire them; she went to Switzerland; she
went to Germany; everywhere, begging for for-
eign troops to vindicate the flagof England. When
this great country, on the contrary, had a war
with a foreign nation, the only difficulty was, what
to do with the thousands and tens of thousands
upon every hill who were rallying at the call of
their country to march to a foreign land to vindi-
cate its honor. This was our picture; that was
hers. She ransacked the whole earth to get the
quota of soldiers which her treaty required her to
furnish France. Our whole difficulty was to select
among the multitude of able and patriotic men,
who jumped on the first proclamation, to the de-
fense of their country. That is the preparation.
You have the means; you have the men; you have
the material of war—every possible element for
war, and you have not overtaxed them; you have
not broken down industry by very heavy expenses
in time of peace. You have not, as England has,
run your expenses to $350,000,000 a year. You
have not drained the last cent from the people.
You have not drawn the last penny that you could
from their income. You have not resorted to
treachery, as she has in India, to wring pence out
of poverty. You have a great, a powerful, a pros-
perous people, ready and willing, at any hour, to
vindicate the national honor. That is my prepar-
ation for war;- and therefore, if you agree to the
proposition of my honorable friend from Illinois,
! pass the bill which was passed in 1839 by a unan-
imous vote; then,with a war measure, 1 will give
you war supplies; but I will not give you war
supplies on a peace measure.
As for our naval estimates, I believe they are
fiom thirteen to fifteen millions. Some compari-
isons have been drawn between the Navy of the
United States and of other countries, and a vast
difference has been shown between us and France.
I had occasion last night to look into the last es-
timates of the French navy. Their budget for
their navy wag 120,000,000 francs, ours eighty—
two thirds of what theirs is. The French navy
is represented to be some four or five hundred
ships, ours fifty or sixty. Look through our
Navy estimates now at eighty million francs,
$10,000,000, and what is it? It is like FalstafF's
reckoning, so far as efficient service is concerned—
"a pennyworth of bread to all this sack." You
have a beggarly account of some few hundred
guns afloat. I took my pencil just now when the
patriotic Senator from Mississippi was arguing
for war supplies, to estimate how much of the ap-
propriations m this bill were for navy-yards, and
they lack but little of two million dollars. That
is the way you are spending money—$<2,000,000
for navy-yatds, besides the appropriation of
$100,000 asked by the honorable chairman of the
Naval Committee for another naval dock, which
is not such a very good defense to ships as my
honorable friend from South Carolina seems to
imagine.
Then, I say, I agree with my honorable friend
from Virginia—it is too gieat foi a peace establish-
ment, and I will not vote tor it as a peace measure;
but pass the bill of my honorable friend from Illi-
nois; tell the President to defend the honor of the
country; punish the past and prevent the future;
and authorize him in t hat bill, as our fathers did in
1839, toemploy the military power; and I will give
it all to him, to be used for that purpose; but not
to be thrown about your navy-yards, not to be
squandered in the inefficiency and efTeteness that
have marked and chaiacterized the administration
of your Navy for twenty years. I do not want a
dollar there; you had better not own a navy-yard;
you had not a single one of them in the last war
with Great Britain. It is not navy-yaids, it is not
ships, that prepare a people for war. We can
build five hundred as soon as we can one hundred,
or one ship. We have private yards and public
yards sufficient to build five hundred ships within
the same time that we can build one. We can
provide a navy, man it, and victual it, as soon as
England or France, with their ships on the stocks.
We ought to know what time it takes to put one
of ours to sea when lying in ordinary. We can
build ships; but, so far as we are concerned, the
standing policy of our country has never been to
make our Navy as great as that of France or Eng-
land, or the other naval Powers. On the basis
of our expenditure, if it costs us from thirteen to
sixteen millions per annum for fifty ships, how
much would it cost us if we had five hundred, as
England has? The wealth of the whole world
would not maintain them. They would cost more
than the profits of the entire industry of the peo-
ple of the United States. You would beggar the
people in peace by way of preparing them for
war! Hence, our policy has been to make the
nation strong and poweiful and great, by devel-
oping its material interests, making the people
rich with abundance of food, abundance of men,
and light taxation, and then you are always lvady
for war. That is my policy, and not the one of
the honorable Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. HAMMOND. 1 should hk-e to know what
is the exact proposition before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire to the
amendment reported from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs. The amendment of the committee
proposes to build three classes of vessels. The
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire
is to strike out that portion of the committee's
amendments which proposes tobCtild four sloops-
of-war drawing not less than fourteen feet of water.
Mr. HAMMOND. Then I inquire whether it
would not be m order first to move to strike out
and insert?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I send an amendment to
the Chair for ten gun-boats with full steam power,
as I believe it is in order to perfect the clause be-
fore striking out any portion of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My amendmentl suppose
comes in to perfect the section. I move itin that
way.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator cannot move an
additional appropriation.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not move any addi-
tional appropriation. I leave the appropriating
clause to stand as it is, but after the piovision for
an eight-foot vessel for the Chinese seas, I pro-
pose to add "and ten gun-boats,with full steam
power."
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. I
think the Chair is mistaken. It is m order to per-
fect a section before a motion is taken to strike
out the whole section; but it is a matter of judg-
ment whether a section is perfected by striking
i out one particular clause or adding a particular
clause. As I do not propose to strike out the sec-
tion, but to leave it, and my motion is to amend
it by striking out the provision for four sloops-
of-war drawing fourteen feet water, I put it to the
Chair that that is in order, in preference to the
amendment of the Senator from North Carolina
to add ten gun-boats; because the rule is, that
where there is a motion made to strike out tho
whole section, it shall be left for the friends of
the section to amend it before that motion pre-
vails. Therefore,! contend that my amendment
takes precedence, and is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of the impression that, in that view of the case,
the question must first be taken on the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire to the
amendment.
Mr. HAMMOND. My only object in asking
the question was to enable me to say that so far
from concurring in the striking out proposed by
the Senator from New Hampshire, all the mem-
bers of the Naval Committee except himself are
in favor of doubling the number of vessels; and
as far as I am concerned, I concur in the amend-
I ment which I understand the Senator from North
Carolina intends to offer. I do not regard thisas
a war measure. I think, from the sentiments I
uttered a few days ago in the Senate, it is under-
stood that I am not an alarmist; that lam notdis-
posed to take any measures that would precipitate
this country into a war with Great Britain, while
I am ready to meet that war whenever it occurs.
If I recollect aright, the Secretary of the Navy, in
his annual report, recommended that ten new
steam sloops should be built, long before there
was any apprehension of a difficulty with any for-
eign Power. Ten sloops, therefore, will be recog-
nized specifically as a pence measure as necessary
to sustain thf* Navy Department in time of peace.
The opinion of the Naval Committee is that the
recommendation falls short of the necessity, and
that twenty such vessels are required for the Navy
in time of peace. If we were going into a war
with a great naval Power like Great Britain, this
would be but a meager preparation; yet, of course,
m all creations of a navy, we must necessarily
have an eye to war; and without intending to
advocate these twenty sloops as a war measure,
whoever advocates them must necessarily do it
with a view to the protection of our commerce,
and of the incidents connected wifli if.
I imagine that there are few members of the
Senate who know the condition of our Navy.
Why, Mr. President, it is playing at sham with
a navy. Comparing our INavy with our com-
merce, with our population, and with our extended
and defenseless coast, it is perfectly ridiculous.
If it were not for the gallantly which animates
the officers of the Navy, and for the fine vessels
that we have built, which have commanded the
