1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
gress, who then claimed that the power did not
\)xist in Congress to legislate on the subject of
slavery, as well as all other subjects, in the ter-
ritories of this country? I do not wish to exhaust
the patiencc of the Senate by referring more mi-
nutely and particularly to authorities on the pres-
ent occasion, but 1 beg leave to ask the attention
of this body to what was said by Mr. Madison
himself, at the first session of the Congress of the
United States, under the Constitution formed by
his aid and his counsel. A petition was presented
to that Congress by Benjamin Franklin, asking
that the traffic inhuman beings mightend. Some
degree of excitement was occasioned by that peti-
tion; but what did Mr. Madison say ? The power
ofCongress to legislate on the subject of slavery
was then, for the first time, debated in either
branch. It was admitted on ail hands that there
was no power to legislate with regard to slavery
in the States; but how was it as to the Territories ?
Mr. Madison said:
" fie admitted that Congress is restricted by the Consti-
tution from taking measures to abolish the slave trade ; yet
there are a variety of ways by which it eouM countenance
the abolition, and regulations might be made in relation to
the mtioduction of them into the new States to he foimed :
nut of the weatern teiritory. He thought the object well j
worthy of eonj-ideration."—Gales $ Section's Rtghirr of
Debates, vol. 1, p. 12-16. j
That covers the whole ground. He does not j
barely say that Congress might legislate with re- j
gard to the Territories; he says regulations might ;
be made with regard to the introduction of slaves ,
into the new States to be formed out of the west- j
ern territory, showing his opinion to be not only
that Congress could legislate in regard to the !
Territories, but could so legislate as to bind the !
States formed out of them after they became
States of this Union. Down to the year 1820, I
have never been able to find, in any examination
I have given the subject, that the power was
doubted or denied; on the contrary, it was exer-
cised on all occasions. Whenever the matter
eaine befoie Congress, the power was exercised
fully ami completely.
We then come to the year 1820. I suppose the
restriction of slavery in the bill to admit Missouri
into the Union is one of the instancesof northern
aggression, upon which gentlemen would dwell in
discussing this matter. I need not remind the
Senate of the manner in which that question was I
brought before the country; but I desire at this |
time to call attention to the peculiar mode in which j
that compromise was carried through both this j
and the other House of Congress. Was it done ,
by northern men? Was it considered as a gain |
by northern nvn ? I have been at some little pains i
to look into the manner m which that bill was !
brought before Congress and passed, and I find
that "there is no record of any advocacy of the
measure, except by southern men. The princi-
pal advocate of it seemed to be Mr. Lowndes, of
South Carolina. Mr. Clay, of course, was an ad-
vocate of it, but he occupied the chair a large por-
tion of the time, and what he said is not reported
in the current reports. Mr. Lowndes was one of
the warmest and strongestadvocates of that com-
promise, and when the vote was finally taken, and
the measure passed Congress, it appears that all
the members presentfrom the Statesof Maryland,
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Louisiana, Missis-
sippi, and Alabama, voted in favor of that com*
piomise. It was passed by their influence and
thcirexertion. Theirarguments sustained it. The
North opposed it. It is true the North claimed
more; it is true that most of the non-slaveholding
States of the Union claimed that slavery should
not be permitted m any territory of the United
States, but the restriction of slavery in the terri-
tory north of 36° 30' was advocated and sustained
by southern men, and carried by southern votes.
The Missouri compromise act was signed by
Mr. Monroe, after consultation with his Cabinet,
among the members of which was Mr. Calhoun.
Among Mr Monroe's manuscripts has been found
a paper indoised: " Interrogatories, Missouri,
March 4, 1820. To the heads of Departments
and Attorney General."
Questions. ts Has Congress a ri^ht, under the
powers vested in u by the" Constitution, to make
a regulation prohibiting slavery m a Territory ?
"Is the eighth section, which passed both
Houses on the 3d, for the admission of Missouri
into the Union, consistent with the Constitution ?''
The following original draft of a letter was
found in Mr. Monroe's handwriting, not ad-
dressed to any one,"but supposed to be intended
for General Jackson;
"Dear Sir: The question which lately agitated Con-
gress and the public has been settled, as you have seen, by
the passage of an act for the admission of Missouri as a
State unrestricted, and Aikansas likewise, when it reaches
maturity, and theestabhshment of the 36° 30' north latitude
as a line noith of which slavery is prohibited and permitted
to the south. I took the opinion in writing of the Adminis-
tration a& to the constitutionality of restraining Territories,
(and the vote of every member was unanimous,) and which
was explicit in favoi of it, and as it was, that the eighth sec-
tion of the act was applicable to Territories only, and not
to States, when they should be admitted Into the Union.
On this latter point 1 had, at first, some doubt; but the opin-
ion ofotheis, who«e opinions were entitled to weight with
me, suppoited by the sense m winch it was viewed by all
who voted on the subject in Congress, as will appear by
the Journals.satisfied me respecting it."
To show that the question was fully considered
by Mr. Monroe and his Cabinet, I ask attention
to the following extracts from the diary of Mr.
John Q,uincy Adams, who was then Secretary
of State:
" March 3,1820 —Wli°n I came ilu* day to my office, 1
found theie a note i equating me to call at one o'clock at
the President'•> House. It was then one, and I immediately
went over. He expected th.it the two Lulls, for the admis-
sion of Maine and to enable Missouri to make a constitu-
tion, would have been biought to him foi his. snjualuic; and
he had summoned all the membeis of the Administration,
to ask their opinions, in writing, to be deposited m the De-
partment of titate, upon two questions: 1. Whether Con-
gress had a constitutional right to prohibit slavery in a Ter-
ntoiy; and, 2. Whether the eighth section of the Missouri
bill (which interdicts slavery foi ever in the teiritory north
of 36° 30' latitude) was applicable only to the teiritorial
state, or would extend to it after it should become a State.
As to the fiist question, it was unanimously agreed that
Congress had the powei to piohilutslavei y in the Terntories.
[Mr A thought it extended to the State, whu h was bound
by—others that it only relat"d to the Temtoiy ]
'"Match 5—The Pi evident sent me yesteidav the two
question^, in wilting, upon which he defied to have an-
s\veis in wtitmc, to b,: depo-ited in the Depaumeiu ot State.
He wrote m-* that if would be in time if he should have the
auMvci:. to-morrow. The fir-t que^ion if, in sen ot at terms
as it wa-5 stated at the meeting on Fuday. The second was
modified to an inquny whether the eighth section of the
Missouri bill is conM-tent with the Constitution. To this J
can, without hesitation, ant-wer b> a simple affirmative;
and so, after some little inflection, I concluded to answer
both.
" March 6.—I took to the President my answers to his
two constitutional questions, and he desired me to have
them deposited m the Department, together with tho.-e of
the otliei membeis of the Administration. They only dif-
fered as they assigned their jealous for thinking the eighth
section of the Mis->ouii hill consistent with the Constitution,
because thevconsideied itasonh applying to the territorial
term, and I barely pave my opinion, without assigning for
it any explanatory leason. The Piesidcnt Mgiied the Mis-
souti bill this niot nins
" A tine copy fiom the oiigmal, bv me.
"CIJARbEd FRANCIS AOAIWsV
With this legislation the country rested in peace
for many years. In the year 1854, however, this
legislation was disturbed. At that time the coun-
try was in peace; the compromise measures of
1850 had been adopted, and had been for the most
part acquiesced in. There were some, to be sure,
m some parts of the country, who were opposed
to those measures; but the opposition had nearly
subsided: there was a general acquiescence. If
the subject had been allowed to slumber there, I
think the acquiescence would have continued, and
would have increased. But, in an evil hour, in
the year 1854, the law which had existed for more
than thirty years—the constitutionality of which
had been admitted on all sides; which had scarce-
ly been denied, or, if it had been denied, had been
denied in a manner which showed that there was
no very great sincerity in those who were denying
it—the restrictive portion of the act was declared
inoperative and void; and, in addition to that, a
feature was presented in the bill which it was sup-
posed would render it quite acceptable to the peo-
ple of the ftce States. What was that feature?
Having stricken out, and declared inoperativeand
void, the clause prohibiting slavery north of 3G°
30', the bill provided that the question of slavery
in the Territory included in it should be left to the
free action of the people of the Territory. They
were to be left " perfectly free to form and regu-
late their domestic institutions in theirown way."
That was the only feature of this bill which, so
far as its supporters in the northern States were
concerned, was considered in any degree accept-
able. To a portion of the people of this country
that feature Wets acceptable. It was that feature
of the bill which sustained the party now in power
in the Inst presidential election. Mr. Buchanan is
right, in his message, when he says the subject
was presented to-the people of the northern States
of the Union in this light: that the people of the
Territory of Kansas should be permitted to vote
on the question of slavery freely; that it was to be
submitted to them; that their will was fo be not
only considered, but respected and regarded as
final.
That bill having become a law, what was the
action of the people of this country respecting it,
considering them sectionally, viewing them as
occupying different portions of the Union ? What«
did the northern States ? I will consider their con-
duct in the light of the charges brought against
them. They are accused of having colonized
Kansas Territory. Wc are told that people from
the northern States of the Union, being desirous,
if possible, to retain that Territory as free terri-
tory, believing, as they did, that it belonged to
them by every title, not t>nly by the legislation
which had long been acquicsced in, but by the
law of nature, that it was a proper region for free
territory, emigrated to that region in large num-
bers; we are told that emigrant aid societies were
established; we are told thatfree settlers were en-
couraged and aided by incorporated companies to
go into that Territory, and there take up their
residence. If it were so, I am not able to say that
I see in that anything objectionable; certainly
there was nothing illegal. What if it were true
that northern States did incorporate companies
with a view of settling one of the Territories of the
Union: is not that a perfectly proper and per-
fectly legal course? Is not settling a Territory a
laudable object?
We are told in the message of the President of
the United States, in'regard to Central America,
that the proper way of obtaining that territory
which does not belong to us, is by emigration;
that we ought not by force of arms to attempt to
seize Central America; but that we ought to do
it by peaceful emigration. If it is right to em-
igrate into a territory which does not belong to
us, is it not perfectly proper, is it not a laudable
object, to encourage emigration into a Territory of
this Union? That is all that any Senator can say
has been done, even admitting every charge with
regard to the Emigrant Aid Society. It was a
laudable object; it was a desirable object; and if
there was the further object of carrying liberty
into that Territory, it certainly does not render
it less laudable or less desirable.
Rut what are the facts? In point of fact, the
settlement of that Territory by means of the Em-
igrant Aid Society, which has been considered a
very great act of aggression on the part of the
North, has been much overstated. I believe the
fact to be that only a very small portion of the
fiee settlers of Kansas Territory went from the
New England States at all; or, if they went there
from the New England States, it is not true that
they went there under the auspices of the Em-
igrant Aid Society. For one, I can say that in
my entire acquaintance, I have never known but
a single emigrant who has ever gone into that
Territory from the State of Connecticut. The
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] informed us
the other day, that (I think) nine tenths, at any
rate a very large proportion of the settlers of the
Territory have gone from the northwestern States,
and they have not gone under the auspices of
the Emigrant Aid Society. They had a perfect
right to do so. The States of this Union had a
right to pass acts of incorporation for any legal
purpose, and if citizens had gone under those
acts of incorporation, there would have been no
possible objection which could have been made
to it by any Senator with any show of reason;
but in point of fact it was not so. The settlers
went there, as we should have supposed they
would go there, from the adjoining States, from
adjacent territory; or a large proportion of them,
almost the whole' of them, did so.
That having been the course of the free States,
what, I beg leave to ask, was the course of the
States that are called the slaveholding States, or
the slave States—I prefer to call them the slave-
holding States? Did they attempt to settle that
Territory ? Did they make any attempt to settle
it by peaceful emigration ? If the State of South
Carolina, or the State of Virginia, had seen fit to
incorporate companies, with the view of settling
Kansas, with the view of encouraging their own
people to go there and settle that Territory with
an honest intention of residing there, there would
