THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS
OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C.
RIVES, WASHINGTON,
D.
c.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 8, 1858.
New Series..,
..No.
172.
was assaulted. They did not hesitate to confer j
upon Mr. Van-Buren the power to resist the out- j
rages committed by Great Britain, in case they ,
should be persevered in. Why not now revive i
the same law which was then passed by a unani- |
mous vote in the Senate, and with only six dis- |
senting voices in the other House, and confer upon 1
President Buchanan the same power and author- j
ity which was then conferred upon President Van 1
Buren on the motion of Mr. Senator Buchanan? .
Do that,and then I am prepared to vote theslups,
the money, the men, anything, everything, neces-
sary to vindicate our firm resolve. Yes, sir, I will j
go further, 1 will vote the ships and the money even j
now, trusting that Congress, before it adjourns, ,
will arm the President with the necessary power i
and authority to prevent a repetition of these ag- '
gressions. I am, however, extremely unwilling j
to bury up the outrages of Great Britain under !
all the talk and noise that is made about the in- '
juries perpetrated by the South American ltcpub- i
lies. I know that in South America outrages
have been perpetrated on our commerce, on our
citizens and their property, which ought to have
been punished on the spot. I know they are con-
tinuing, and will continue, from day to day, and :
year to year, until you clothe the Executive with
the authority to punish them as promptly as the
British Government punish similar outrages on
their commerce and their rights; but these things :
have been going on in South America for years.
They are weak, feeble, unstable Powers, entitled
to our sympathy and our contempt mingled to- '
gether. While I would clothe the Executive with
power to punish them, I would only do it after I
nad avenged the insults perpetrated by Great
Britain, or I would m the same act authorize the
President to avenge them.
Sir, I tremble for the fame of America, for her
honor, and for her character, when we shall be
silent in regard to British outrages; and avenge
ourselves by punishing the weaker Powers in-
stead of grappling with the stronger. I never did
fancy that policy, nor admire that chivalry which
induced a man, when insulted by a strong man of
his own size, to say that he would whip the first
boy he found in the street in order to vindicate
his honor; or, as is suggested by a gentleman
behind me, that he would go home and whip his
wife, [laughter,] in order to show his courage,
inasmuch as he was afraid to tackle the full-grown
man who had commuted the aggression. Sir,
these outrages cannot be concealed, they cannot
have the go-by; we must meet them face to face.
Now is the time when England must give up her
claim to search American vessels, or we must be
silent m our protests and resolutions and valor-
ous speeches against that claim. It will not do
to raise a navy for the Chinese seas, nor for
Puget Sound, nor for Mexico, nor for the South
American Republics. It may be used for those
purposes, but England must first be dealt with.
Sir, we shall be looked upon as showing the white
feather if we s'rikc a blow at any feeble Power
until these English agressions and insults are
first punished, and security is obtained that they
are not to be repeated.
I shall vote for the amendment offered by my
friend from Florida, under the authority of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, providing for ten
sloops-of-war. I shall also vote for the proposi-
tion of my friend from 3N orth Carolina lor the ten
gun-boots. I wish he had increased the number to
fifty, because I understand they can be constructed
for about 5100,000 apiece, and $5,000,000 would
£ive you fifty gun-boats, vessels of a character
more serviceable for coast defense than any other
vessels you could have. They could enter every
harbor, every creek, every bay, every nook wheic
it is necessary to afford protection, and each one
of them singly would be strong enough in time
of war to capture an enemy's merchant vessel, and
bring it into port or sink it, as easily as a seventy-
four, or the largest class of ships of war. I would
increase the number of gun-boats to fifty, I would
give the sloops asked for by the committee, but
X would never permit this Congress to adjourn,
172
after all the resolutions we have had reported and
all the brave speeches we have made, until we
give the President power, and thereby make it
his duty, to repel in future every repetition of
these British outrages on our flag; and to use the
Army, the Navy, the militia, and the Treasury,
to any extent which may be necessary for that
purpose.
Mr. MALLORY. I must protest, sir, against
connecting the recommendation for the construc-
tion of these ten ships with any war measure
which Senators may have in view who engage in
this discussion. The Secretary of the Navy, at
the commencement of the session, recommended
the construction of these vessels without any ref-
erence whatever to our present relations. lie
recommended it, because years had demonstrated
the value of just such ships, of which we now have
none. The Committee on Naval Affairs have
taken the subject into consideration, and have
, recommended this measure without reference to
j our relations with Great Britain. I agree with
J everything the Senator from Illinois and the Sen-
; ator from Georgia have said on this point. We
i have been too supine, and we mny find ourselves
drifting into war when we least think of it, not
1 because we take active measmes, but because
| we have not met the occasion m a proper spirit,
j Already we have authentic accounts that thirty
! of our vessels have been boarded and searched,
: for disguise it as you will, this rnrht of visit is a
; right of search. Visit is a social teim; it implies
i the consent of both parties, it imnhes frequently
| an invitation. It ceitamly docs not imply foicing
; and searching a neutral vessel without its consent.
| It is a right of search in the broadest sense; and
i as 1 before remarked, in exercising this right of
search, British officers have conducted themselves
with less civility than has frequently marked Eng-
land's roadside robbers and highway thieves.
I regret that our Secietury of the Navy did not,
deem it expedient to order our frigates m the Gulf
to bring one of the olTending vessels into port,
I and so begin negotiations with equably.
Gun-boats are not wanted for that purpose.
How contemptible is this measure, regarded as
a war measure' Great Britain hus now on our
shores seven hundred and ninety-four guns. We
have throughout all the world afloat six hundred
and twenty-eightguns. The vessels which are con-
templated may possibly if they are fully manned
mount one hundred guns; they may have an
average of ten guns apiece, certainly not more.
Great Uiitain has now in these seas one hundred
and sixty-six guns raoie than we have through-
out the whole woild. We shall then fall sixty-
six guns behind Great Britain on our own shores,
when we add this hundred.
Mr. TOOMBS. I would ask the honorable
chairman if his statement about guns is not de-
ceptive in one thing. Take,for instance, the Ni-
agara and Colorado of forty guns: are they not.
equal to any eighty or one hundred and twenty
gun ships ?
Mr. MALLOPcY. It is not deceptive in any
particular because we have precisely the same
kind of guns that England has.
Mr. TOOMBS. Eleven-inch guns*
Mr. MALLORY. She has noeleven-ineh guns,
and the re is not, an eleven-inch gun on board one
of the shins the Senator mentioned. They have
eight and nine-inch guns.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is one in the Gulf now.
j Mr. MALLORY. It may get there possibly
j on the 1st of July, in the Plymouth; but it will
I take her thirty days, at least, to get there. We
i have not an eleven-inch gun in the Gulf. Theguns
! on board our frigates are of two calibers, eigh t
: and nine inch. As a war measure, this sinks
; beneath contempt; it is not recommended by the
■ Secretary of the Navy, or the Naval Committee,
' as a war measure. It was deemed expedient to
' recommend this proposition, because, as the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina observed, we
have not any steamer except those which are use-
less as war vessels, that can enter our southern
ports; and let me tell the Senator from Georgia,
that if ever this country does get into a contro-
versy with England gr France, or any maritime
Power, the first contest must, necessarily, be in
the Gulf of Mexico. The distance from the Flor-
ida shore to Cuba is but ninety-one miles, and
six steamers will bridge it across and speak each
other every fifteen minutes; and that Gulf, if we
were at war with a superior naval Power, would
be as hermetically sealed as if nature had reared
up a great wall at its mouth, and every ship we
have would be shut out of the Gulf. The Sena-
tor from Georgia is for waiting until the contin-
gency arrives before he builds ships, and the Sen-
ator from Virginia has the same view. I imagine
that if we had these ships, we should conduct
ourselves just as we are doing now. If we had
these ten gun-boats, the Secretary of the Navy
would not have ordered any of them to capture
the Styx and the Forward. He had power to do
it, 1 think, and the force, as I conceive, if he had
chosen to do it. If he had done it, it would have
awakened a throb in this country; because what-
ever leaders may think, the heart of the people is
always right. If we are to have a war with Great
Britain, we can never have it on higher ground
than now.
I differ with the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia as to our preparation for war. I concede that
the American people are naturally soldiers, and on
every field the blood of our volunteers has been
nobly shed, but a navy is necessarily a work of
yeuis. A sailor is not the creation of a day; he
requires a long and painful training, and when a
sailor, he is good for nothing else. The most
opposite creature on earth from a sailor is a sol-
dier. You cannot make sailors of soldiers, nor
can war ships be built in the time they couid for-
merly. The constructive power of Great Britain
is shown m the construction of these gun-boats.
As I remarked before, a single house constructed
eighty within four months, and put them up. 1
can only compare it with the constructive power
of this country in 1815. We wanted a ship on
Lake Ontario; and our constructor was Henry
Eckford, and from the time the first ax was
struck into a tree at Sackett's harbor, until the
three-decker was built up to her third deck, was
precisely six weeks. She was ready for launch-
ing. He picked up carpenters as he went along
the road; he cut down the trees where the ship
stood, and put up her frame, and he laid every
particle of timber in the ship as he found it; and
astonishing to say, that ship is perhaps the sound-
est one in the Navy to-day. "There is a decay of
butonesquare yard of timber throughout the ship
built in 1S15 ot timber as it then stood in the for-
est. We can construct a navy to any extent, but
in the first six weeks of a war with a naval Power
our maritime towns would necessarily be de-
stroyed, our Navy and all our commercial ton-
nage would be swept from the ocean.
The Senator from Georgia has contrasted the
expense of our Navy with that of France. I do
not know wheic the Senator from Georgia gets
his French estimates. They are very different
from mine. According to my information, the
naval estimates of France weie 243>()00,000f. or
$48,000,000; and 1 know that the naval budget of
England for the present year is <£11,000,000, and
that excludes her ordnance and a large number
of half-pay retired officers. A laige portion of
the expense of our Navy, as the Senator from
Georgia has said, has been exhausted in navy-
yards. Why did the Senator from Georgia bring
forward a new one? He biought forward the
Brunswick yard, if I mistake not.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is a mistake.
Mr. MALLORY. I may be mistaken; but that
the Senator from Georgia vindicated it with his
usual zeal, I am certain. If he had then the views
of navy-yards that he has now, would he have
exhausted his strength in constructing a new yard
of doubtful propriety at least? I agree that much
of the money of this expenditure has been taken
away from the legitimate purposes of vessels.
How much of it goes for mail service every year ?
I think $900,000.
