628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
have been no complaint raised by the portion of
the Union from which I come.* Their right was
perfect: they could have done it. I never heard
that they did; but what did they attempt to do ?
I do not say that any of the States of this Union
interfered in any improper manner in the settling
of that Territory, but 1 do say that the proof is
perfectly undeniable—I undertake to allege that it
is proved by the report of the investigating com-
mute of the other House of Congress—that the
people of the adjacent States, instead of attempting
to settle Kansas, instead of going there as actual
residents with the intention of remaining, went
there by force and took possession of the ballot-
box at the point of the bayonet. It was not fraud
"tn the inception; they did not begin by fraud; they
adopted no such peaceful means as fraud implies.
They went there by actual force and violence, and
drove the free settlers of that Territory from the
polls, and took possession of the government.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Green] the
other day, denied these charges; and he charged
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
with having stated what he could not prove. 1
say it is proved. It is so far proved that any Sen-
ator has a right to allege it on this floor; he has
a right to say it is substantiated by evidence. It
is shown that, of the voters who took part in the
first election, on the 30th of March, 1855,in the
Territory ofKansas, where the violence first made
its appearance,about five thousand,in round num-
bers, were persons who had no residence in the
Territory, who had no intention,so far as appears,
of becoming residents, who were there merely for
the occasion of voting; and when their business
of voting was finished, they returned to their
homes in an adjoining State. They established
a government; they gave it the form of law; they
elected a Legislature. That Legislature was not
elected by the people of the Territory, but by the
people of an adjoining State-—men who exercised
the right of suffrage in their own State—men who
had exhausted their right of suffrage in their own
State; men who, having voted in their State, had
no right to vote anywhere else. They come into
this Territory, and without resorting to fraud, by
actual violence took possession of the polls, and
drove away those who had a right to vote at that
election. That is the origin of the " legality" of
the acts that have since taken place in Kansas.
We arc told by the President of the United
States that the form of law has been given to this
action; and we are told that the Legislature has
been recognized by both branches of Congress; wo
are told that he himself has recognized it. That
is the very thing of which we complain. The very
cause of complaint on the part of the people of the
northern Statesof this Union,and, I trust, a por-
tion of the southern States, is, that this gross and
outrageous and too successful attempt to subvert
the liberties of the people of that Territory, to
deprive them of their rights, has been upheld and
recognized by this Government. Can it be claimed
here; will it be claimed, that fraud and violence
can be ratified, can be sustained, can have any
sanction given them by any subsequent indirect
approbation, such as it is claimed lias been given
them by the other House of Congress ? It seems
to me that no Senator can claim that any such
technical support can be given to these proceed-
ings.
We come, in the progress of events, to the pres-
idential election. "While these troubles were ex-
citing the attention and interest uf the people of
the country, the last presidential election took
place; and what was the issue then made before
the people? I cannot say what was the issue
made in the southern States; but I can say with
safety that the issue made in the northern States
of the Union was whether the people of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas should be allowed to settle the
question of slavery for themselves. If any other
question had been presented to the people of that
portion of the country, I am safe in saying that
the result would have been very different. The
President tells you that everywhere this question
was made—not the question of the extension of
slavery to Kansas; not, shall Kansas bo a slave
State*, but shall the people ofKansas at the polls
in a legal manner, in a proper manner, be per-
mitted to say whether they will have slavery or
not? That was the question submitted in the
presidential election, and the'result is known to us
all. The people of this country decided it. lam
•willing to admit that the decision was then made,
so far as you can draw an inference in regard to
their decision from the result of the presidential
election. They decided that, in their judgment,
it was right and just that the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas should be allowed to decide on
their own institutions in their own way.
When the President of the United States took
his placc as Chief Magistrate of this Union, a very
large portion of the people of the northern States
and of my own constituents had great confidence
in his patriotism. They had a strong hope that
there would then be a fair opportunity furnished
for the people of the Territory ofKansas to decide
on their own institutions. They knew very well
that if that decision was made in accordance with
the actual views of the people of the Territory, it
would be in favor of the views entertained by us
on the great subject of slavery. They had entire
confidence as to what the decision would be, and
they had great confidence in the patriotism and
the honesty of the President of the United States.
He had assured them that the people of the Ter-
ritory should be permitted to decide the question
in their own way. He has stated, in his annual mes-
sage, that if the question had not been presented
to the people in the manner I have suggested, the
result would not have been what it was; or, at any
rate, he has said that it was so left, and that such
was the understanding everywhere. Well, sir,
has that been done ? Has the confidence reposed
in the President of the United States by the people
of this country been repaid ? Let us* see.
Sir, in the course of the last summer, when it
was first publicly announced that the President of
the United States had deemed it his duty to use
the Army to enforce the pretended laws of the
Territory of Kansas, or more correctly speaking,
to compel the free State settlers of that Territory,
they being a large majority of the actual popula-
tion, to submit to the government of a small mi-
nority, a number of my constituents united m a
memorial to the President, which was expressed
in the following language:
" Jits Excellency James Buchanan,
President oj the United States:
"The undersigned, cificens ot' the United States, and
elector of tlie State of Connecticut, respectfully oiler to
your Excellency tins their mumoual:
'•The fundamental pimeiple of the Constitution of the
United States ami ol our political institutions is, that the peo-
ple shall make then own laws and elect their own lulfeis.
'• We see with gnef, if not with astonishment, that Gov-
ernor Walker, of Kansas, openly represents and proclaims
that tlie President ot the United States is emplo} mg through
Imn an auny, one puipose of which is to toice the people
of Kansas to obey laws not their own, nor of the United
States, but laws which it is notonous, and established upon
evidence, they nevei made, and rulers they never elected.
"We ropiesent, then-lore, that by the foregoing your lix-
cellency is openly held up and pioclauncd, to the great der-
ogation of our national character, as violating in its most
essential particular the soienm oath which the President
has taken to suppoittbe Constitution of this Union.
" We call the attention i'uither to the fact that your Ex-
cellency is, in Idee inannct, held up to this nation, to all
mankind, and to all posterity, m the attitude of 'levying
warasainst [a portion ot] the United totates,'by employ-
ing arms m Kansas to uphold a body of men, and a code of
enactments putpoiting to be legislative, but which never
had the election, not sanction, nor consent of the people of
the Ten story,
u We earnestly represent to your Excellency that we also
have taken the oath to obey the Constitution; and yourEx-
etleney may be assured that we shall not icirain "from the
pi aver that Alnughtj God will make your administration an
example of justice and beneficence, and with Oh ternbie
majesty protect our people and our Constitution.5'
This memorial was signed by forty-three gen-
tlemen , citizens of the State of Connecticut. They
made no publication of the paper; but in good faith
they sent it to the President for his own private
perusal, with the intention and the hope that it
would exert on his mind such influence as it might
deserve to have. No man can say that the memo-
rial is not couched in respcctfui language. The
President himself took no exception to it in this
respect; for lie made an exception to his general
rule m relation to papers addressedto himself, and
gave it a particular reply. This reply was made
through the channel of the newspaper press, and
thus was first announced to the public the exist-
once of the memorial itself. It was not by the
memorialists obtruded upoii the public attention.
The President himself, apparently desirous of an
opportunity to publish his intentions regarding
Kansas, seized this as a fitting occasion of making
them known. I make no complaint of this, nor
do I complain of the tone of the reply. It was
like the memorial itself, respectful in manner and
style, and the character of the memorialists per-
haps justified the unusual course taken in giving
it publicity.
Now, sir, I invrte the attention of the Senate to
this correspondence between my constituents and
the President, in several points of view. I have
brought the history of the affairs of Kansas down
to the period when this correspondence took place.
I have shown the character of the act repealing
the Missouri restriction, and I have referred to
the series of outrages consequent thereon. I have
referred to the presidential election of iS5G, and
to the hopes kindled in many honest and confiding
hearts that James Buchanan would take high pa-
triotic ground on the subject of that unfortunate
Territory. Then, at this precise time to which I
have alluded, came the correspondence of which
I am speaking.
The main object of the memorial was to protest
against the use of the Army of the United States
in enforcing the execution of the pretended laws
of Kansas. To that I will first direct my atten-
tion. They first lay down the acknowledged prin-
ciple that the people should make their own laws
and elect their own rulers. They then say that
Governor Walker openly represents and claims
that the President of the United States is employ-
ing through him an army, one purpose of which
is to force the people of Kansas to obey laws not
their own, nor of the United States; but laws
which it is notorious and established upon evi-
dence they never made and rulers they neverelect- \
ed. They then allege that by the foregoing the
President is held up and proclaimed as violating
his oath of office. They do not charge him with
such violation of his oath; but they say that to
use the Army of the United States to force the
people of Kansas to obey laws not their own nor
of the United States, but laws which they never
made and rulers they never elected, would be such
a violation; and they say further that the Presi-
dent is represented and proclaimed by his agent,
Governor Walker, as employing through him an
army for that purpose.
This memorial always seemed to me timely and
proper; but whatever may have been thought of
it by others at the time of its publication, it has
since, by the progress of events, been fully vin-
dicated, and the wisdom and justice of its appeal
been fully established. The President of the
United States, however honest his intentions, had
no legal right to use the Army in the manner and
for the purpose indicated in the memorial, and ac-
knowledged by him in his reply. This I now
propose to attempt to prove.
The memorialists declare that the laws ofKan-
sas, which the President was enforcing by the
bayonets of the regular Army, were not laws; that
they had never the election, nor sanction, nor
counsel, of the people of the Territory; and that
they were not laws of the United States. What
is the President's reply to this? I take now his
own allegation with regard to it. Does he say
that the laws in question were really enacted by
competent legislative authority? Does he snytliat
the rulers, claiming authority which he was sus-
taining by Federal bayonets, were actually chosen
by the people of Kansas? He says no such thing.
He barely alleges that the Territory had been
organized, and that its government was in op-
eration. "A Governor," he says, t( secretary
of the Territory, chief justice, two associate jus-
tices, a marshal, and a district attorney, had been
appointed by his predecessor, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, and were all
engaged in performing their respective duties."
Who denies this ? Who disputes the authority of
these officers? Their powers were not in question.
The President well knew, when he dwelt on this
long array of officers of the Territory, appointed
by his predecessor, that their powers were un-
disputed, that they were unresisted in the execu-
tion of their duties, and that they were not now
the subject of complaint. Why, then, dwell on
this list of officers, except to divert attention from
the true question; which was, are the laws of
Kansas the enactments of the representatives of
the people, and are their elected rulers the officers
chosen by them ? But he goes on:
u A code of laws had been enacted by the Territorial Le-
gislature. It is quite true a controversy had previously
arisen respecting tlie validity ofthe election of members of
the Temtorial Legislature, andof the laws passed by them ;
but at the time I entered upon my official duty, Congress
had rccognizcd this Legislature by different en&ctments*
