630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
"The troops have returned from the different election
prpcmcts, with the exception of Sherman's battery of ar-
tillery and one company of foot artillery, and these compa-
nies have been retained in the vicinity of Lawrence, at the
request of his excellency the Governor of the Territory."
What a picture does that present! An election
carried on under the auspices, under the guard
and protection, of the troops of the United States,
sent out by the President of the United States as
a mere measure of" precaution I" There was no
disturbance, peace was preserved," order reigned
in Warsaw;" and v/hy should it not? You had
the whole force of tne Army of the United States,
and the President tells the N$w Haven gentlemen,
"who protested against his course, that the whole
power of the Government'should be used for the
purpose for which he has used it in that Terri-
tory. What was the opinion of the late Presi-
dent of the United States with regard to the power
of the Executive on this subject} I will not say
that I quote it as an authority which ought to gov-
ern on all subjects; but I do say it is an authority
which ought to have binding force on the present
President of the United States, and on Senators
on the other side of the House. This subject was
disaussed by General Pierce, in his message pre-
sented at the commencement of the third session
of the Thirty-Third Congress; and he said then:
" The Piesident of the United States has not power to
inteipose 111 election*, to see to their freedom, to canvass
their votes, or to pass upon their legality, in thp Territones
any more than in the States. If he h«id such power, the
Government might he republican in form, but it would he a
monarchy in fact; and it he had undertaken to exercise it
in the case of Kansas, he would have been justly subject to
the charge of usurpation, and of violation of the deaiest
rights of the people of the United States.5'
I adopt that language. I think it is correct. I
think the President had no power to use the Army
for that purpose; ami I believe that his act in
using that power was, in the language of President
Pierce, a usurpation; that the law gave him no
authority; that.it was, in every sense of the word,
improper; that it was an act unnecessary in itself;
that there was no pretext for it; that there was no
occasion for it; that the election would not have
been disturbed by those whom he calls free-State
men, if those troops had not been there; and he
does not admit that he took them there for the pur-
pose of protecting the polls from those of opposite
sentiments.
Believing that no power existed on the part of
the President of the United States to send troops
into Kansas; otany rate believing that they ought
not to be sent for such a purpose, a portion of my
constituents, as I have already stated, addressed
the memorial, of which I have spoken, to that offi-
cer. Mr. President, who are the men who have
thus memorialized the Chief Magistrate? They
have been stigmatized as if guilty of some out-
rageous enormity. The Government organ, in this
city, if I am not mistaken, has joined m the de-
nunciations of a partisan press. It has used lan-
guage with regard to them which it might well
have left to its more unscrupulous companions,
and which I do not wish to quote in this presence.
Even the Governor of Virginia, in a letter to his
political friends in Tammany Hall, has joined in
the cry. I know not how many epithets of deris-
ion, from various quarters, have been applied to
the gentlemen who have signed the memorial of
which I speak.
Among other things they have been denounced
as political cleigymen. Well, sir, suppose it
were true that they were all clergymen. I under-
take to say that the clergy of this country stand
where they ought to stand; first and foremost in
intelligence, in education, in morality, in sincere
piety. A purer, a more spotless clergy cannotbe
found in Christendom. They wear their sacer-
dotal robes unspotted. They mingle in no mere
political strife. They lead the people by their
counsels and by their example in the paths of that
religion whose doctrines they preach, whose pie-
ce pis they practice, and whose profession they
adorn. This, sir, whatever may be said of a few
individuals who have proved unworthy, you and
,1 know, and every Senator heiv knows to be true
from our own observation of their lives. Are not
such men eminently entitled to the privilege of
memorializing the President of the United States
on a subject which they believe touches the im-
mortal destiny of man, and takes hold on eter-
nity? I was shocked when I saw these men
insulted and vilified by the organs of the Govern-
ment, and I rejoiced when it appeared that the
Presidenthimselfauthorized and justified no such
indignity, but gave their memorial a respectful re-
ply. _ _ #
But, sir, allow me to say that, in point of fact,
only a small proportion of the whole number
of these forty-three memorialists are clergymen.
The rest are eminent civilians and men of science.
As a body, they are not inferior in position, in
talents, in influence, in learning, to any equal num-
ber of men who may be found in any State in this
Union. Such are the signers of this memorial.
The distinguished man whose name has been
placed at the head of the list, and fiist addressed
in the President's reply, sought no such honor;
but I admit he is entitled to the distinction. Con-
necticut consents to accept him as her represent-
ative maft, and the President was only right in
taking his name from its too humble place on the
list, and placing it before those who would gladly
yield him precedence. And now, sir, who is Ben-
jamin Silhman,that he should be assailed byname
in the Government organs, as if be were not en-
titled to address a respectful message of expostu-
lation, or, if there were need, of reproof, to the
President of the United States ? One of the great
lights of modern science —known, celebrated,
distinguished among the few who have adorned
the arts, and shed new light on the studies most
cultivated by civilized man; the peer, the friend
of Humboldt, of Davy, (while he yet lived,) of
Arago, of Agassiz, of Chevreul, of Cotta, of De
La Beche, of Jean Baptist Dumas, of Faraday,
of Le Verrier, of Brogniart, of every great con-
temporary name made illustrious by devotion to
science—known all over the world, when many
of our distinguished countrymen are still un-
known; the honored instructor of three genera-
tions of young men, in that far-famed university
beneath whose classic shades ho is passing his
last days, the gnido, the philosopher, the friend,
whose teachings and whose counsels have been
enjoyed by more of our public men than those of
any man now living, the honored professor, at
whose feet your own Calhoun sat for many years,
when lie, a young man, went to New England,
as the young men of Rome went to Greece to
learn philosophy. There, sir, under the instruc-
tions of Silliman, and Dwight, and Kmgs'oy,
his g"eat intellect was cultivated, adorned, and
strengthened. There he learned to wield that in-
vincible logic which enabled him successfully to
encounter the giants of other days—the \Veb-
sters, the Clays, the Bentons—in this Senate,
with constant victory; or, if not with victory,
without ever having been compelled to acknowl-
edge defeat. 1 know not, sir, how many mem-
bers of this body were trained by the same men
or their successors; one, at least, 1 see near me,
[Mr. Benjamin-,] who has left in those halls a
traditionary record of eminentscholarship, of high
talent, scarcely surpassed by his distinguished po-
sition on this floor. But this with deference I say,
that whatever honors may be in store for any
member of this body; whatever just claims to
undying fame the talents, the acquirements, the
eloquence, the public services, of the most distin-
guished here maygive him,there is notonc among
these honored Senators who may not deem him-
self satisfied, all the hopes of his youth more than
fulfilled, all the labois of his manhood more than
rewarded, if he may finally reach the measure of
fame enjoyed in his ripened years by Benjamin
Silliman. No office could elevate him; no honors
could exlend his reputation; no added celebrity
could make his name familiar where it is now
known among civilized men. it is inscribed in
the immortal records of learning, and can never
be forgotten, till the knowledge of humanizing
arts and sciences shall fade from the memory of
mankind.
I will say more, sir, if the President of the United
States, with ail the honors he has received from
his country, including the added distinction of
being enrolled in that list of eminent men who
have held the high olHce he now occupies; if he
may believe that when he is at last summoned to
his reward, his nnme shall be as well known to
the educated minds of Christendom as that of
Benjamin Silliman, he may well be satisfied with
the anticipation. Far off, I trust, is the distant
day when Professor Silliman shall be called from
among men; but when he shall have entered into
the fragrant lauiel grove through which the an-
cicnt Eridanus rolls lu ample Hood—if I may
copy the beautiful allusion of the Senator from
Ohio on anotheroccasion—the civilized world will
lament his departure, and acknowledge his ser-
vices to the cause of popular science. His fame
is of no country, but of the world.
Yet such is the man who has been assailed ana
traduced for the audacious character of his re-
spectful memorial to the President; such the man,
for having presented whose memorial a Govern-
ment official has found it necessary to make a
public apology.
In the President's letter to these gentlemen,
there are several points to which I desire to call
the attention of the Senate. I have already alluded
to that portion ofit referring to his use of the troops.
Senators on this floor—men of great legal science,
whose opinion I have more confidence in than I
should ever have in my own—after the greatest and
closest investigation of a subject, have given it
as their opinion that the President had no power
under the acts of Coagress to use the Army as he
has used them in Kansas; but I have done with
that point. There are a few other matters to which
I desire to call attention.
The President says that the Topeka convention
is an illegal body, and that he has treated it as a
usurpation. Now, is it not the right of every citi-
zen of the United States to meet and peaceably
petition for a redress of grievances? Was the
Topeka convention anymore than that? Was
there any overt act ? Was there anything to ren-
der it illegal? Conventions are frequently held
in various parts of this country. It is growing
somewhat common to hold them, not only at the
North, but at the South; conventions in which a
great many sentiments which some gentlemen
might perhaps consider treasonable are expressed r
but I have never yet heard it claimed that, so long
as no overt act was performed, no step taken of
forcible resistance to any existing Government,
those conventions were illegal. If that was an
illegal convention, the President and his friends
here could show it. Have they done so? I
think not. What law did it contravene? Did it
contravene the organic act? Did it contravene
any act of the Territory of Kansas? Was there
any law existing anywhere prohibiting any set
of men, in any of our Territories, from meeting
when they pleased to form a constitution, call it
a constitution, and send it to Congress? They
sent it to Congress, and what action did Congress
take? One branch of the Congress of the United
States accepted this constitution, made by thisso-
called " illegal" body. It came very near being,
and would now be, if it had received the assent
and consent of the Senate of the United States,
the existing law of the State of Kansas. Had
they not a right to send that constitution here ?
Did they infringe or violate any law or any en-
actment by doing it?
But the President says he will treat them as
President Madison treated the Hartford conven-
tion. I have do doubt he thought a very severe
blow. He was addressing Connecticut men*, and
the Hartford convention was held within the
State of Connecticut, and this allusion to the
Hartford convention undoubtedly was consid-
eied a very fortunate hit on the part of the Presi-
dent of the United States. What comparison was
there between the Hartford convention and the
Topeka convention, admitting that the latter was
illegal? There was no analogy between them.
There have been conventions held in this country
somewhat analogous to the Hartford convention,
if they were guilty of what was charged against
them. If the Hartford convention had any de-
sign (of which I have never seen the proof) of
bringing about a disunion of the States, there
have been conventions held which might have
been compared to them, and to which the Presi-
dent might have alluded. But why drag in the
Hartford convention? There were peculiar rea-
sons, I think, why the President should not have
alluded to it. I think his own cheeks ought to
have been bedewed with some penitential tears
before he made any reference to the Hartford
convention,in addressingthesegentlemen. They
did not belong to the parly that sustained the
Hartford convention. 1 doubt whethei any por-
tion of them—certainly, if any, very few of them
—belonged to it; the great body of them were
men not then in active life; but the President did
belong to the party which sustained and upheld the
Hartford convention,and did not leave that party
