1716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
the Senate for reporting the debates of the third session of
the Thirty-Fourth Congress the usual additional compen-
sation of #800 each, $3,200.
Also to enable John C. Rives to pay to the reporters of the
Senate for reporting the debates of the present session of
Congress the usual additional compensation of $800 each,
$3,300.
Mr. President, a single word; I will not detain,
the Senate. The first proposition is to pay to the
Senate reporters the same compensation which
the House at the last session paid their reporters.
They have paid them, and the appropriation, as
X understand it, is covered up under the third sec-
tion. They have got the money. The Clerk is
to be refunded the money, or whoever paid it,
under the third section. The second proposition
is to pay them during this session the same com-
pensation which the reporters of the House get.
Wow, I am perfectly willing to see the whole of
it stricken out; but if the House reporters are to
be paid for the last session and for this one, then
it does seem to me palpable that our reporters,
who—I say it, with, I think, the full indorsement
of the Senate—are equal to any in the world,
ought not to be left at a disadvantage. I think
there are no such reporters anywhere. I believe
that the regular compensation paid them is inad-
equate; I have thought so for along time; but take
the naked proposition, and I am not for meeting
it in this indirect way. I am for increasing the
salary by a regular law; but so far as this single
proposition stands, if the House reporters are to
be paid according to the House proposition this
increased compensation, then I want to see our
reporters put upon the same footing.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me a moment, I wish to say that we have stricken
out that section in committee. If the Senate re-
fuse to concur in'the amendment of the Commit-
tee of the Whole, which will retain this clause,
then the Senator's amendment will be in order,
and I will vote for it.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator will allow me.
We have stricken it out in committee. Now if
you take a vote and strike it out in the Senate, I
shall be too late with my amendment.
Mr. BENJAM IN. All will be out then.
Mr. BROWN. If Senators will listen to me,
I will tell them what I mean by this proposition.
I apprehend this matter is to go to a committee of
conference. If you take this vote now in the Sen-
ate and strike out this amendment—if the Senate,
in other words, agrees with the Committee of the
Whole—then it is out clearly, and then I will
have no chance to amend it.
A Senator. We do not want to do it, then.
Mr. BROWN. Listen to me till I tell you.
When it goes to a committee of conference, the
House will insist upon putting this clause back.
I want to file a caveat with the Senate committee,
that if the House reporters will come in, the Sen-
ate reporters are to come too. If they go out, let
all go together. I want it put in for that reason;
and when you have got this in, I am quite con-
tent to see it all go out together. But I am not
■^willing to allow the House committee, when it
goes to a conference, to have this clause rein-
serted, and leave our reporters out. That is my
object in putting it in here.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand this business,
and everybody else docs perfectly well. I ask
for the yeas and nays on it. If you put in this,
and add so much weight with the Senate, the re-
sult will be that both of them will go through;
because, if you multiply and enlarge an abuse, if
you enlarge any amount of public plunder, you
always increase its chances. If you want to kill
them, keep them separate, and then you hare
some chancc; but every single addition to them
strengthens them. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. KENNEDY. If that is the effect, of
course I shall go with the honorable Senator; but
I really want to pay our reporters the same as the
other House.
Mr. TOOMBS. Before that is taken, I rise to
a question of order upon the motion of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi. He cannot amend a sec-
tion that is stricken out. We are in the Senate.
It is alrcody stricken out. It is not part of the
bill. He has to get it into the bill before he can
amend it.
Mr. BROWN. It is only stricken out in com-
mittee. We are now in the Senate, and I have a
right to perfect the section before you take the
vote in the Senate on striking it out finally.
Mr. TOOMBS. The point of order which I
make is, that the section is not there. When he
gets it back he can amend it. If the Senate refuse
to concur with the committee, and it gets in, he
can amend it; but the idea of amending a portion
of the bill that is not in it at all is clearly against
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
agrees with the Senator from Georgia. The Sen-
ate struck out that section in committee; and it
will remain out of the bill unless by a vote the
Senate disagree with the committee.
Mr. BROWN. It is not out of the bill at all
until the Senate agrees to put it out. The com-
mittee cannot put it out. They simply recommend
the Senate to put it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is certainly
out of the bill as reported to the Senate by the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Chair decide that
it is not in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
under the impression that it is not in order.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree with the Chair en-
tirely.
Mr. BRPWN. I will appeal momentarily. _ A
committee of the Senate briifgs in a bill with
amendments praying to strike out certain propo-
ositions. Are they stricken out? Certainly not.
It is a recommendation to the Senate to strike
them out; but, until the Senate has acted, the sec-
tions proposed to be stricken out are not out; and
what is your Committee of the Whole but a com-
mittee of the Senate ? It makes recommendations.
Its recommendations may be adopted or may not.
If the Senate strikes out the section, then how
can I amend it? How can I amend that which is
out of the bill entirely? Have I not a right to
move to perfect a section before you move to strike
it out? I do not think there is the least doubt
about it in the world. I withdraw the appeal. I
simply made it for the purpose of stating the ques-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair then
decides that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
striking out.
Mr. BROWN. If we do not strike out the
section, can I move the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. BROWN. Then I am content.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to say—I am not
going to make a speech—I shall vote against this
extra; but I concur in what is said by the Senator
from Mississippi. I think we have got the best
reporters in the world, and they get the poorest
pay. Their pay is too low; but still I am against
all these extras, and I shall vote against it here.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on concurring in the amendment to strike out the
clause, resulted—yeas 33, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Cameron, Clark, Clay, Doohttle, Douglas, Durkee,
Evans, Fessenden, Fitch, Fitapatrick, Foot, Foster, Hale,
Hammond, Harlan, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, King,
Mason, Folk, Pugh, Seward, Siidell, Thomson of NewJer-
sey, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wade—3,'t.
NAYS — Messrs. Broderiek, Chandler, Dixon, Green,
Houston, Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Kennedy, Mallory,
Sebastian, Simmons, Stuart, and Wilson—13.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made in the Committee
of the Whole was to add to the third section:
Jintlprovided further, That it shall never hereafter be law-
ful for either House of Congress to apply any part of the
appropriation for the eontincerit expenses of such House to
any other than the ordinary expenditures of such House,
nor to apply any part of said appropiiation as extra pay or
extra allowance to any clerk, messenger, or attendant ot
the said two Houses, or either of them.
Mr. BIGGS. The Senate will recollect the mo-
tive that influenced me the other day to move that
amendment, and disinclined me to strike out the
whole section. After that amendment was made,
and another amendment was proposed by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] the
joint resolution of 1854 was brought to my atten-
tion for the first time, and I then expressed a de-
sire to do what I thought was right in reference
to the legislation that has been heretofore had on
this subject. On examination I find that a joint
resolution was passed in 1854, in regard to the
employes of the legislative department, increas-
ing their pay twenty per cent, upon the express
i condition that they should have no extra compen-
sation. I acted upon the principle that it had been
the uniform usage of the Government, up to the
present case, to make'these allowances, and they
had been passed by the accounting officers of the
Treasury, until they were stopped in this partic-
ular case. I find, however, upon examination;
that in regard to some of the officers to whom al-
lowances are made by the third section of this
bill, the act of 1854 applies, and in my opinion,
they ought not to be included. I will state to the
Senate the reason for it, by a simple reference to
the act itself, and to the legislation that was had
in 1854. This joint resolution was passed on the
20th of July, 1854, and the last proviso in it is:
" That the usual extra compensation shall not hereaftet
be allowed to any person receiving the benefit of this joint
resolution."
The benefit of this joint resolution was an ad-
dition of twenty per cent. " upon the compensa-
tion now received by them respectively." There
has not been, therefore, that uniform usage al-
luded to before, because I find on reference to an
appropriation bill approved March 3, 1857, an
express reenactment of this joint resolution. It
had been the uniform usage of the Government to
allow them up to 1854; but in 1854, in conse-
quence of the joint resolution, they were stopped.
An allowance was made by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and by the Senate, to their employes
for 1856. It was not allowed by the accounting
officers, and it became necessary that a provision
should be inserted in the appropriation bill, pro-
viding for these extra compensations; and in that
very act it was provided:
" That the extra compensation given by each of the two
Houses of Congress, in the year 1856, to its officers and em-
ployes shall be paid by its disbursing officer out of the con-
tingent fund, and his accounts therefor shall be allowed by
the accounting officers of the Treasury Department. But
nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to repeal
the joint resolution of July 20,1854, ' to fix the compensa-
tion of the employes in the legislative department of the
Government, and to prohibit tiie allowance of the usual
extra compensation lo such as receive the benefits hereof,'
which said resolution is hereby declared to be m full force
and effect, except so far as herein provided for."
This was approved March 3, 1857. I under-
stand that, by the third section of the bill, there
is a portion of these allowances that go to officers
who had their compensation increased in 1854 by
an addition of twenty per cent., upon the express
condition that they should not have the extra
compensation. I therefore move to amend this
section, so as to exclude those officers from this
section. I move to insert after the word " Con-
gress," in the sixth line, the words:
These allowances to be made not in contravention of the
joint resolution " to fix the compensation of the employes
in the legislative department of the Government, and to pro-
hibit the allowance of the usual extra compensation to such
as receive the benefits thereof," approved July 20, 1854.
The effect of this amendment will be to cut off
all those officers who received additional compen-
sation under the act of 1854, upon condition that
they were not afterwards to receive extra com-
pensation.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to the
amendment to the amendment, but I wish to sug-
gest, for the sake of dispatch, whether we can
amend this amendment. Is not the question on
the report of the committee one of concurrence ?
and the question of concurrence is not amendable.
You can only say yea or nay upon it.
Mr. BIGGS. We certainly have a right to
.amend the section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is an
amendment to the bill.
Mr. BIGGS. This is an independent amend-
ment to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. STUART. It seems to me there is this
very great difficulty about that. If we have any
evidence on this subject at all that is reliable, it is
that the Clerk of the House has paid out over
eighteen thousand dollars of this money, and he
has paid some of it to these very men, and it is
irrecoverable. Now if we do anything about it
at all, we ought to reject it entirely or indorse it
as it is. I hope the amendment as it is proposed,
which will still leave the officer of the House lia-
ble, will not prevail.
Mr. GREEN. Let me correct the Senator. I
am informed that a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives on the Committee of Accounts pro-
poses, if anybody will give him $2,000, to pay
