2740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
that I believe the distinguished Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] is much more experienced
in legislative matters than myself; from him I am
willing at all times to receive lessons of experi-
ence; his heart I believe is right, patriotic, and
just; but upon this occasion I believe him to be
eminently wrong, when he declares the sentiment
that we are better prepared now for war than we
have ever been. I am but a tyro here, but I have
an interest to serve; I have a constituency whose
interests are at stake; but, whether I may be re-
garded as a" land lubber" or not, we shall be the
first to suffer, while gentlemen inland may sleep
secure in their beds.
Mr. PUGH. I would remind my friend from
Maryland that the danger is much nearer to a poor
land lubber like me than it is to him. Wo had
just as much trouble during the last war as they
had in Maryland. The British outnumber us as
much on the lakes as they do on the ocean.
Mr. KENNEDY. We do notdiffer. The gen-
tleman denominated himself aland lubber.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. KENNEDY. Iam onlyquotingfrom your
own remarks.
Mr. PUGH. I am in that regard just as much
a land lubber as the Senator from Maryland, but
we are as much in danger.
Mr. KENNEDY. Perhaps we are both equally
land lubbers in one sense of the word. Iam speak-
ing for the interests of my State. I am speaking,
I hope, for the honor and glory of the American
flag. I do not wish to see, by any little petty econ-
omy, any dread of the responsibility of incurring
a debt to defend that Hag when grave Senators pro-
pose measures of war. I do not desire it; I am
the last to desiie it; but, when a war comes, as
has been justly said, between England and our-
selves, Mr. President, it is a war of extermina-
tion to one Power or the other. T do not believe
it will be a war of extermination to America.
There are moral considerations by which it can
operate on that Power abroad more injuriously
than on us. At home we arc invincible.
But, sir, put us in a position to meet, if we can-
not now meet, that gallant, great, and glorious !
Power as it is; and here, 1 am proud to have the j
opportunity to say that I do look upon England I
and her institutions as carrying out the principles !
of liberty and freedom upon that continent; and !
that at least entitles her to our consideration,and I
will bring us to her support in the illustration of
liberal principles against arbitrary monarchies.
But, sir, when that i'ower makes war with us it
will be no child's play. It will end in the anni-
hilation of all the hopes of mankind for free gov-
ernment. As I honestly and sincerely believe,
however much we may be damaged, it will be the
beginning of the end of that Power upon the con- j
tinent of Europe. j
Sir, deprecating, as I do, all this state of things, ,
deprecating war as 1 do, I ask the Senate of the j
United States to pause and consider before you
rush headlong into it by bold and violent decla-
rations of power and intention, and at least to go
to the little extent of some four or five millions in
the way of defense. If m order, I should like to
move (and I had intended to go further than the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina) for twenty
littic steamers with four or live guns. These would
be but a small thing for a country like this. 1 am
not accurately informed as fo the amount of coast
line we have to defend, but I think, if you take
the indentations of this coast, we have not less >
than -twenty thousand miles upon the Atlantic j
side, leaving out the Pacific. That may startle 1
gentlemen, but when you come to an investiga- j
tion of the fact you will find that I am not very \
far out of the way. We have large ships that can i
lay across the mouths of our rivers and bays, but !
I want an armed defense of our estuaries, our i
rivers, and our bays. I want to have some means ;
to defend ourselves. When you do not make ap-
propriations to build forts and fortresses, at least
allow us the poor privilege of having some wooden !
walls upon which we can place a few large guns :
to take long shots in the shallow water of our I
bays and rivers.
I have made these few crude remarks, induced
entirely by the debate that has arisen this mom- :
ing around me, without any premeditation or
preparation on my own part. I have done it in
justice to the interests I am representing here. I
have done it in justice to the rights of the whole
Atlantic sea-board. I have been somewhat amazed
that the representatives of the large Atlantic cities
have not contributed one particle, except the dis-
tinguished gentlemanfrom South Carolina. If in
order, I now give notice that at the proper time I
will move to amend the amendment by adding
twenty steamers, in accordance with the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. SEWARD. If the representatives of great
commercial cities are justly subject to the censure
of the honorable Senatorfrom Maryland, there is
a double weight of censure to be thrown down on
my head in regard to the support of this bill, for
I represent, with my colleague here, not only a
commercial city upon the sea-board, but I repre-
sent large commercial cities upon an interior sea-
board. A war with Great Britain, which is the
war that the honorable Senator apprehends, will
take the State which I represent in front and m
rear and cut it all up to the middle through and
through. It is exposed on all sides, and whenever
there has been a war with Great Britain it has
had experience of that sort.
But, Mr. President, I must think that my hon-
orable and excellent friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Bell] is responsible for having misled the Sena-
tor from Maryland and many other Senators on
this occasion; and T think, as he sometimes in-
dulges in wit and humor, that he must have done
it designedly. What is the question which the
honorable Senator from Maryland has discussed ?
The necessity of increasing the Navy and pre-
paring for immediate war with Great Britain.
What is the question before the Senate? The
question of building ten small sloops-of-war.
What is the connection between them? Why,
there was, a few days ago, a debate in the Senate
about what ought to be the attitude of the country
in regard to aggressions committed.
Mr. KENNEDY. If the Senator will allow
me. I dtd not raise that point.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator must
be satisfied that thepomt which hedid raise must
be ascertained through the whole tenor of his re-
marks. I do not know on what ground the Sen-
ator lectured so severely the representatives of
Atlantic cities, if it was not that there was an
imminent danger of a war with Great Britain m
which the cities which we represent would suffer
seve rely.
Mr. KENNEDY. The gentleman will allow
me a moment. I will say, so far as my remarks
are concerned, that they were merely in reference
to speeches which had been made upon this floor
some few clays since, in which the probabilities
of war wore discussed fully and fieely; and that,
myself, entertaining no great fear of immediate
war now, I thought we might slide into a war
from this sort of talking; and that, if war whs to
occur, that we should at least have the benefit of
these little light-draught steamers to be running
into shallow water to protect us; and, therefore, I
was a little surprised that the ^ame view which I
entertained myself had not been taken by the rep-
resentatives of the Atlantic cities generally. In-
land gentlemen felt entirely secure, and did not
see the necessity of a measure of this sort as I did;
and, theiefore, I was desirous, I am fiank to con-
fess, to hear the sentiment of New York. I think
the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
went as far, in his war sentiments, together with
the gentleman who represents the city of Boston,
[Mr. Wilson,] whom I do not now see in his
place, as any others; but yet, I heard no propo-
sition from those gentlemen to protect the Atlan-
tic. The little forts or fortresses you have got
there as against the ordnance of England and the
power she will bring, in my judgment, are mere
ant-hills; and therefore, I want to get the views of
other gentlemen in Atlantic cities to see how far
they are willing to go in this declaration of war.
Mr. SEWARD. I still think that the honorable
Senator from Tennessee is to blame for having,
somehow or other, brought into connection two
subjects entirely different and separate from each
other; the one a question about the attitude which
the Government should take in resisting British
aggressions on ourcommerce in the Gulf of Mex-
ico, and the other the amendment proposed to the
appropriation bill to build ten sloops-of-war. 1
am the more satisfied that it is so, because every
Senator upon the Committee on Naval Affairs has
expressly disclaimed that there is any connection
between any popular war with Great Britain to
result from those aggressions, and the measure of
increasing the Navy, which they now defend and
maintain. They may well disclaim it, for rt would
be an addition fo the naval power of the count rv in-
considerable, inefficient,and contemptible. Why,
sir, of these ten sloops-of war to be built, one is
to go to Puget Sound to chastise the Indians, one
is to go to China to protect the American inter-
ests in that distant sea; and if this is a war meas-
ure, three or four at least must be sent into the Gulf
to sink the Buzzard and the Styx, I must have
two or three upon Lake Ontario, to protect the
rear of the State of New York, one added to the
defense of the city of New York, and how many
would be left for the protection 
Mr. KENNEDY, 1 will go with the honorable
Senator,if he will propose one hundred ships. I
admit it is contemptible, and that twenty is hardly
less so. If the gentleman will propose one hun-
dred I will go for them.
Mr. SEWARD. I will explain to the honor-
able Senator, and he and I will agree. I know
he would not see the city which 1 represent in
jeopardy, and I am sure I am the last to see the
monumental city exposed to any danger. I will
tell him what my course has been about these
British aggressions, and I think he will see the
logic and consistency of it. When there was an
aicirm m the country and in Congress, I called
upon the President to know whether he would
desire from Congress or not any additional force
or any legislation, to enable him to protect our
commerce against those aggressions. The Pres-
ident has answeied that message; he has sent the
correspondence here, and left us, by his silence,
to infer that he wants nothing for the redress of
those aggressions.
I said, on that occasion, that no prudent man
believed Great Britain wanted to make war with
the United States; no prudent man believed that
if Great Britain did want to make war upon the
United States she would begin by attacking with
gun-boats our commercial vessels in the Gulf of
Mexico; no prudent man believed that if the Brit-
ish Government wanted to quarrel with the Uni-
ted States she would begin in that indirect and
pitiful manner instead of making her complaints
known according to the laws and customs of civ-
ilized nations; but that, nevertheless, inasmuch
as men bearing her commissions, and sailing under
her flag, had committed aggression upon our com-
merce, which must be abandoned, which must be
disclaimed, which must be redressed, or for which
satisfaction must be given, that I was not one of
those who weie willing to indicate beforehand
that there was any satisfaction which she could
render. I stand ready to pledge the whole mili-
tary and nival power of the United States to main-
tain ourselves in resistance so as to suppress those
outrages. Ifshe makes an explanation, be it what
it may, it must be one which in no sense revives,
retains, or maintains any pietense of a right, on
the part of Great Britain, to exercise police over
the vessels of the United States. So I say now.
I stated then that I believed such would be the
issue on that question. 1 believe these preten-
sions wilt all be disclaimed and abandoned. We
have evidence already that they have been dis-
claimed in the Gulf of Mexico to the extent of the
arrest of the captain of the Buzzard, who has been
sent into Jamaica for« trial on complaint of the
Spanish Government.
Mr. MALLORY. If my friend from New
York will allow me to ask a question just here, I
would like to know the authority upon which he
says that the captain of any Biitish vessel has
been arrested for any insult or outrage upon one
of our vessels ?
Mr. SEWARD. I have none except what I
state in regaid to an aggression committed upon
one of our vessels at Sagua La Grande.
Mr. MALLORY. I see that that report is con-
tradicted by the passengers who came home from
the vessel, who state that no such anest was
made.
Mr. SEWARD. Yery well, sir; I can concede
all that. 1 proceed upon such intelligence as we
have. I know that the British Government is not
bewildered, delirious, or crazy; and I know that
it is not to be conceived, standing as the present
British Ministry does, standing as theBntish na-
tion does, in the attitude which it maintains to-
wards the United States, that the British Govern-
ment will sustain or sanction those outrages. If
