1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
until long after. It was long after that, that
Democratic blood began to llow in his veins. I
think that before alluding to this, he should him-
self have shown some signs of penitence. He
should have shown that he at least regretted that
he had any connection with the Hartford conven-
tion, with which he attempts to taunt these gentle-
men from Connecticut.
He goes on further and expressly avows in this
letter that his principal, if not his sole object, in
sending troops into Kansas, was to protect the
people in their right to vote on the constitution
which was to be submitted to them. There has
been a great deal said in this body and out of it-
as to the right of the people of Kansas to vote on a
constitution formed for themselves,and,as should
be supposed, by themselves The question is
raised whether they ought to be sustained in so
voting; whether they ought to be admitted into
the Union under a constitution which is known
to be in violation of their wishes; against which
they have protested; against which they are now
constantly protesting; against which they have
protested by their late vote. But what says the
President? lie says:
" It is my jnipeiative duty to employ the troops of tlic
United States, should this become necessary, m defending
the convention against violence while framing the consti-
tution, and in protecting the ' bona fide inhabitants" quali-
fied to vote under the provisions of this instrument, 111 the
1'iec exeici^e of the right of suffrage when it shall be sub-
mitted to them for their approbation or rejection."
Was it, then, a question whether the constitu-
tion shall be presented for their approbation or
rejection? So far from it the President of the Uni-
ted States says it is his duty to use the whole
power of the Government m protecting them,
when it shall be submitted for their approbation
or rejection. It is not only to be submitted to the
people of the Territory, but the regular Army is
to attend them at the polls, and they are to be sus-
tained and defended m their right of voting upon
it.
What has been done ? Has it been submitted ?
Have the people of that Territory had any oppor-
tunity of voting upon it? The President tells us
in a subsequent message that each citizen of Kan-
sas has had a fair opportunity "of expressing his
opinion, by his vote, whether Kansas shall be re-
ceived in the Union with or without slavery." True
it is that the constitution itself has not been sub-
mitted; but the great question of slavery, he says,
has been submitted! I say it has not been submitted
at all. The question submitted to them was, will
you take this constitution with a particular form
of slavery, or will you take it with another form
of slavery? and that was the only question sub-
mitted to them. It has not been the question of
slavery or no slavery. It is difficult to say—the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] said the
other day, it would be difficult for him to say, if
he were a voter of that Territory, whether he
would prefer the constitution in the one form or
the other. It is somewhat immaterial; it is a
slave constitution in either form.
Are the people of this country to be told that
this question has been submitted to the consider-
ation of the proper tribunal—that tribunal which
ought to judge upon it, and which they were told
should judge upon it? Are they now to be told,
at this late day, when the constitution has not
been presented to the people; when there has been
no opportunity for them to act on the question of
slavery alone; that it has been thus presented, and
that they are bound by that decision which is pre-
tended to have been made?
Why, sir, the President of the United States
says that the vote taken on the day appointed for
the election of State officers by the convention is
a waiver of all objection on this point. Theground
now taken is, that having appeared there and
voted under protest, every objection which had
previously been made by the people of that Ter-
ritory to the illegality of the former proceedings
is waived. That was the reason why many m
that Territory thought it was best not to vote at
all. That is the very reason they gave for not
having voted previously. They were upbraided;
they were charged by the President with treason-
able designs for not having voted at the previous
elections. They said if they did vote it would be
urged that they had waived all objection; but
when, finally, at the urgent request of the Presi-
dent of the United States and his officers, they do
comc forward and vote, then the very tiling is
said which they had apprehended would be said,
namely, that they have waived all objection to all
former illegality, and are now estopped from
pleading any of those objections on any future
occasion.
The President says to us at the close of his mes-
sage that Kansas must be admitted as a State be-
cause dark clouds are lowering over this country
which will grow darker, and from which some
direful consequences are anticipated, unless the
State shall be admitted. I have no wish to allude
to anything of this kind. I have had 110 wish,
and have now no wish, in any remarks I may sub-
mit, to allude to the subjectof slavery at all, orto
the questions growing out of it, as to the stability
of the institutions of this country and the duration
of our Union. I believe that this question may be
discussed without much reference to slavery. I
thinkltmay be lookedatnowwithoutreferenceto
the condition of the African race on this continent,,
and the duration of slavery as an institution, either
as a State or territorial institution. In regaid to
its existence in the States of this Union, I have no
desire to discuss it. I have no wish to say one
word in regard to the existence of slavery in any
State of this iTnion. If other Senators see fit to
do so, I have no objection to any course they may
pursue; but so far as i am concerned, I desire only
to discuss such measures as I may vote upon in
this body. Having no power to vote on the sub-
ject of slavery in the States of the Union, I am
perfectly willing to drop the discussion of it, and
pay nothing about it; other Senators may do as
they please.
In the consideration of the subject now before
us, we are no longer confined to that view of it
which relates solely to the destiny of the African
race on this continent, and our duties and rights
as affected by Aftican slavery. The tendency of
all disputes regaiding the interests of humanity
is to escape from the contemplation of particular
instances of wrong or complaint, and rise into the
region of general principles. The individual in-
stance of alleged oppression thus becomes, by a
natural progress, the concern of the whole human
race. The interest of the man becomes the inter-
est of mankind. Thus it has always been in all
history. So it was in the struggle which term-
inated in the establishment of the constitutional
Government of England on its present basis;
what was at first the quarrel of a few daring in-
dividuals became the quarrel of the English na-
tion. So it was in our own Revolution. The
question soon lost its local and individual char-
acter; the cause of Boston became the cause of
all. and when the contest was over, the rights of
the whole human race had been vindicated, and
the liberties of all within the influence of the re-
sult confirmed. And now, in the instance before
up, we see a controversy which, in its beginning,
regarded the condition of an oppressed and de-
spised people, whose fate many of the governing
race 111 this country thought unworthy of their
attention, ending in a terrific conflict, convulsing
the whole continent, the termination of which is
to decide nothing less than the right of man in
this Republic to self-government.
I deem it, Mr. President, a happy circumstance
that this question has ceased to relate solely and
entirely to particular-interests and conditions, and
has become thus general in Us character. The
great principles which it involves can now be dis-
tinctly discerned and understood. Those who
were indifferent when their attention was invoked
to the concerns of what they considered ail inferior
race, may not be reluctant to engage in a struggle
which involves theii own rights and privileges.
But more than this: the question having ceased to
be particular in its interest, can no longer be con-
sidered sectional. It relates to the right of man
to self-government—not at the north or the south
only, but throughout the Republic. Every free-
man, whatever his sentiments, whatever his inter-
ests in relation to the question of slavery^ and
wherever his residence, may forget and escape
from the narrow prejudices of birth and education,
and take such part as a generous nature should
prompt in this great contest in defense of the lights
of humanity.
When we view it in that light, and stand here
and say that we cannot consent to the admission
of Kansas into this Union,underthe constitution
adopted at Lecompton, becausfe the peopleof that
Territory have not been permitted to express their
opinion on that constitution, because it is wholly
in violation of their wishes, because their rights
and privileges have not only been neglected, but
have been forcibly and fraudulently trampled in
the dust, we are told by the President of the Uni-
ted States that we must make no such objection,
because dark clouds hover over the Union. What
does that mean? I would not allude to it here, if.
the President of the United States had not done
so. I do not wish to stand "here, occupying my
position as one of the humblest Senators on this,
floor, as a defender of the Union. I wish to say
nothing about the Union. I wish to take it for
granted that the Union of these States is to con-
tinue; but the President intimates that itdepends
upon the result of the vote on this question of ad-
mitting Kansas. I see no blame attached by him
to those who propose to destroy the fabric of this
Government, unless Kansas shall be admitted,
under this constitution, into the Union of these
States.
Suppose a portion of the people were to be ad-
dressed,as wefamiliarly say," from the stump,"
a portion of the people of the State of this Union
which is most ultra, if any such there be> in de-
fense of the institution of slavery, and an orator,
such as many they have sent to this body, in ad-
dressing them, were say to them, "My friends,
the Union between the States forming this Gov-
ernment, is to be dissolved; and why ? In the .year
1820, we made a compact, we made an agreement,
we consented, our representatives themselves
brought forward the proposition, we made a sol-
emn covenant and agreement that north of 3G°
30 slavery should be forever prohibited. Now,
my friends, it is proposed on the part of our north-
ern brethren to do as they agreed; they propose
to carry out that compact; they have carried it
out for thirty-six years; they propose to continue
it; wo have had all 011 our side of the line: they
propose to take the other side of the line; and
now, gentlemen,we propose to dissolve this Union
because our b re tin en will do as they have agreed.M
That is the whole of it. The people of the North
are now told—I regret that they are so told; I
wish it were not said; I am sorry that any such
threat should be held outeven by implication, and
that the President of the United States should
make the intimation—Si if you insist on what you
consented and agreed to twenty years ago, the
Union is to be dissolved." What would Henry
Clay have said, what would William .Lowndes
have said, what would Mr. Calhoun have said ?
What would these'gentlemen have said, if they
had been told by Mr. Taylor, of New York, who
opposed the compromise, u we will not make this
agreement; because, if we do make the agreement,
in less than half a century representatives from
your portion of the country will threaten to dis-
solve the Union if we propose to abide by it?"
Sir, would any man at that time have dared to
say anything of thatsort? Wouldit nothavebeen
considered insulting to the South? Would it not
have been considered insulting to Mr. Lowndes,
to Mr. Clay, to all those distinguished men who
forced this compromise on us, if they had been
told that if it were insisted on by the North, their
descendants would make that a cause of dissolv-
ing the Union ? I have no very great fear of the
Union being dissolved at any time. I see no reason
why our friends on the other side of the House
should attempt to dissolve it. You have it all, as
it is. I see not how you could very well have a
more complete southern confederacy than you
now have, I do not object to it. Connecticut
never has objected to anything of that sort. Con-
necticut has never been very anxious to assert her
rights and interests on this floor. She has been
willing, as a patriotic memberof this nation, to do
her duty, to perform her part; but she has never
claimed any very great share of the honors or tin*
f spoils of office. She took a pretty active part in
! the commencement. She was active in the Rovo-
J lution. Yoti could not have had your independ-
j ence without her, and she made your Government.
| Mr. Calhoun stated in a speech on this floor that
j to Connecticut, to Oliver Ellsworth, and to Roger
J Sherman, were the thanks duefortheGovernmom
I we now have, and to them solely, with Mr. Pater*
I son of New Jersey. We took an active part then;
! but since that time we have been perfectly willi 11*1
! to live in the Union simply as a patriotic mernbei,
! Our people arc a Union-loving people. They
: would sacrifice everything but honorund priiv.i.Mi
