1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2741
they do, then is the time to meet, and the time to
redress them.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] has
proposed to Congress and to the Admimstiation
to anticipate any intelligence from Great Britain
by giving to the President of the United States
the power to redress those injuries, and chastise
the offenders. Everybody knows that neither the
President, nor the Senate, nor Congress, is pre-
pared toadoptthatmeasure. Whatmeasures are
they prepared to adopt? No other but to let the
matter stand as it is until it shall be ascertained
how far the British Government is compromitted
by those transactions. Now, in order that we
might occupy a safe ground in that respect, 1 have
from first to last proposed to extend the period of
this session until that intelligence should be ob-
tained, and that Congress should be herein order
to defend the country, and put it in an attitude of
aggressive resistance against Great Britain, if it
shall be necessary, when that time comes. That
is my attitude.
What other one is proposed? The honorable
Senator from Maryland supposes that a different
course is involved in this proposition to build these
ten war-sloops. It is no remedy. It will add but
one hundred guns to the whole of our Navy, to
be distributed to all parts of the world when ex-
posed in time of war. Shall we, then, vote to add
these ten sloops to our Navy, and say we have put
the country in a condition of defense when we ex-
pect a war—that a war is imminent; that it is inev-
itable; and yet the country is safe, because we
have authorized to be added to the Navy ten sloops -
of-war which it will take two yearn to build ?
I agree very distinctly and very decidedly with
the Senator from Georgia, in the pioposition
which he has made, and which has so excited and
disturbed the nerves of Senators heie. that this
country was never in an attitude so strong and
safe for a war of defense, or even of aggression,
if he went so far as that, as it is to-day. We
challenged a war with Great Britain eighty years
ago, when we had no navy, and no aimy. We
challenged a war forty years as:o, with Great
Bntam, a war upon sea and land, when we had,
ail told, including our revenues from imports,
from direct taxation,and from loans, $10,000,000,
and owed a debt of $100,000,000. To ''ay, we
have practically—for we had last year, and we
have the same power to make it again—a revenue
of $80,000,000, subject only to a drawback of
$30,000,000, for the debt which we owe. We have
all the elements for defense, but v/e have more
than that. We had then the weakness that pro-
voked insult and aggression; and when insults
and aggiossions were committed, we were so
weak that complaint only brought upon us the
attempt to chastise us. We are now forty years
older, a vast deal greater, a vast deal more pop-
ulous, avast deal more rich, and we have yet
to see the nation that, within ten years, or twenty
years, or thirty years, upon the face of the earth,
has willingly or deliberately, and of premedita-
tion, insulted us. It is impossible. Character—
character for justice, character for moderation,
character for conscious strength and power—this
its a greater resource than Cesar's legions on the
plains of Pharsaha, or than a navy that would
cover the German onean. That character, I am
sure we have got. We have acquired it, we have
deserved it—we have deserved it by establishing
a Government that consults the arts of peace, and
that regulates its intercourse with nations by the
rules of doing no injustice and of submitting to
no wrong. In that I confidently rely, holding
myself ready at any moment, for the purpose of
maintaining that character when it shall be neces-
sary, to vote ali the means of defense; but until
that time, deeming it, right and wise thatthp na-
tion should act with that moderation which its
character and position entirely entitles it to, I
shall vote none.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr, President,, my friend,
the Senator from Maryland, has made it neces-
sary that I should say something on this subject.
He has remarked that nobody representing the
cities upon the ocean has taken any part in the
debate or expressed any anxiety about this ques-
tion. Of all the gentlemen in this Senate, no man
is so well or so favorably known in my own State
as the Senator from Maryland. A very large pro-
portion of my people have a great respect for his
character and his opinions. If I were to sit still
and let his speech go abroad without saying a
word, they might imagine that we were going to
have a war immediately,and that I had not done
my duty to prepare the country for war. Now,
all the people in Pennsylvania do not know that
my friend, the Senator from Maryland, represents
a very small State, and small States, like small
people, are very apt to be afraid of a big State;
but a big State will have no such fear. Now, I
come from a great State, with four times the pop-
ulation of his State and ten or twelve times the
wealth. We are not afraid 
I Mr. KENNEDY, if my honorable friend will
; allow me, I beg to correct him in one single re-
mark. He says that I represent a small State,
and, like all small States, we are likely to be afraid.
Allow me to say to the Senator, that there is not
the slightest fear in the world on the part of Ma-
ryland; not the least.
Mr. CAMERON. I know, Mr. President,that
my friend, the Senator, has no fear. I know, so
far as they go, that the people of Maryland have
as much courage as any other people in the world.
I remember that, amongst the first people I ever
saw m military array, was agallant company from
Baltimore, which marched to Fort Du Qucsne. I
know that they are always ready to defend the
country, as far as they go; but it is no discredit
to say that a small State may be afraid of a war;
but, I say again, a great State like Pennsylvania
has no apprehensions on this subject. They be-
lieve, as I do, that the Administration heie, whose
head is a citizen of our State, believes that there
is going to be no war; he has told us that it is so.
Whenever the Admimstiation say to the Senate
here that they desire ships and money and men,
i will vote for just as many as they desire; but
until that time comes, I am not disposed to make
a speech for Buncombe; I am not disposed to be
apprehensive of war, or of danger of war. When-
ever they say that there is danger, the Stare of
Pennsylvania will do as she always has done —
she will give her quota, and, if necessary, a great
deal more than her quota of men and moiify.
I do nothehevo,and I have not believed fmm the
first, that the Government of Great Bn tain desned
to go into a war with this country. They cannot
affoitf to do it. Their thousands of millions of
debt, with th? taxes necessary to pay the interest
upon that debt, their wais m India, their difficul-
ties with Fiance, ate sufficient for them to take
caie of. The last people in this world that Great
Butnin would make a war upon will be the Uni-
ted States of America. They tried us in our in-
fancy, they tried us in our youth, and they may
now, if they will, try us in our manhood; but m
every struggle they have been worsted, and will
be worsted.
I do nor, believe that they desire to make a war
upon us, and therefore 1 will not apprehend that
they are going to do so. States are like men. A
gentleman never believes an insult is going to be
put upon him, but he is always ready to resent
it and protect himself when it comes. So it is
with this country. Whenever a war comes every-
body m the land will be ready to step out from
their fire-sides and homes to defend the honor and
glory of the country. 1 do not believe, either, that
it is necessary to have agreat navy. I believe that
the strength of England, about which Senators
talk, is her weakness. Iier great naval array,
her mighty army, for which she makes a debt,
paralyzes her people. If she had a simple Gov-
ernment like ours, without great armies and navies
and an enormous Civil list, she would be in much
less danger of ultimate dissolution and destruc-
tion. The day will como when thatgieat debt of
England will destroy her. It may be long, and
I trust it will, because, next to us, she is the only
hope for liberty m this world. But it is her debt,
it is the extiavagance of her people and her Gov-
ernment which is destroying her. No mcasiuo
comes up before this Senate but we are told of
the expenditure, the power, and the extravagance
of England. We are a simple people and we de-
sire to have a simple Government. While I shall
gi\e eveiytluna for the defense of the country, I
will not give one dollar for extravagance or waste,
and when I say that I only speak the sentiments
of my people, i do not believe wo arc going to
have a war, but when it, comes I am ready for it.
Mr. HAYNE. I wish to say but one woid,
sir, if you please. I have heard this great debate,
and the speech of my honorable and distinguished
friend from Kentucky. I have thought of it over
and over again. I would not take from it, nor add
to it, one word. The course of my honorable
friend from New York, if I mistake not, has been
somewhat inconsistent on this subject; and glad
am I to hear him say, on this floor, that he is for
a judicious course of conduct. If there be a man
in this Senate that blew the trumpet of war louder
than any other, it was that distinguished gentle-
man. I was astonished at him; but, Senators, I
believe there is no one here that thinks of war.
Those who have talked the loudest believe it is
furthestfrom us; and some of whom, if I were in
the House of Representatives, I would have called
to order, and asked the Speaker where we were,
to tell us our latitude; for debate that should come
up to-morrow, is anticipated to-day, contrary to
everything that is right. I simply rose to ex-
press the wish that the vote may be taken.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to hear the amend-
ment read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) It is proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire to strike out the following
words:
'•And four stoam screw sloops-of-war with full steam
power, who-c greatest draught of water in active service
bliall not exceed fourteen feet."
Mr. HALE. I wish to explain thatamendment,
and will not occupy a minute. If this amendment
should be adopted, it will leave five ships with a
draught not less than twelve feet, and will also
leave the side-wheel steamer, making six. That
is ail I have to say, except simply to excuse my-
self from making a speech, by stating that I am
not a candidate for the, Piesidency of the United
States. [Laughter.]
Air. MALLORY. I hope the amendment will
| not be adopted. It reduces the number of ten
i ships, recommended by the Navy Department, to
1 six.
Mr. 1IALK. I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. KENNEDY called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment, and they
were out'-ied; and being taken, resulted—yeas
2'2, nays 31, as follows:
rMmeion. Chandler, Ctov, Crittenden,
D.vvi-. Ke^-etulen. Il.ile, llamhn, Ilatlan, Hous-
ton. IJnntei, Johnson of Tenno^oe, King, Polk, Pugli,
i S.'w.-ed.To Kn'K.Tmmbull, VVade.WiNon. and Yulee—22.
V \YS—Mo^rs- Allen, Bayaid, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler,
I Ihiyli:, Biodcii'-k, I)io\\n,Chngman, Dixon, Douglas, Fiteh,
Fo-i"!, Green, Gvvni, Hammond, IJavne, Jverson, Johnson
' of' AiKan->a^, Jonc-, Ken tied}', 3Iu!iory, Mason, Pcarcc,
, R'ul. ii iee, Sebastian, Simmons, Shddl, Thomson of New
1 Joi->ey, and Wiiglit—31
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the original
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Before the vote is taken, I
want to say just a word or two. If this bill is de-
signed to provide for the Navy on its peace estab-
lishment, it surely can be no time to add to the
expense which will be entailed on it by the adop-
tion of the amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affaiis. If, on the other hand, we
are going to build these ships with a view to war,
then I maintain that we ought to do it by a sep-
arate bill. We ought to do it by a bill which
would provide adequately for such a contingency,
because, as was well said by the Senator from
Ohio, this is no preparation for war. This is
a mere bagatelle, looking to such an event as
that. If we design to provide, even contingently
for it in the shape which is proposed by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, we ought not only to provide
more largely for the finances of the country,
but ought to make provision for boi rowing the
money. The loan which passed through this
Senate was upon the estimate of a peace estab-
lishment. It 13 manifest that we cannotadd to the
appropriation these various amendments which
are to increase the expenditure so much, and meet
them with the sources of revenue which are now
provided. I say, then, that it is but just to the
countiy, that it is but fair to theTreasury, if we
aic goinj; to do these things, to bring them, in a
separate bill and provide an additional loan, in
order to raise the money which is necessary to
carry them out. They cannot be carried out with
the existing sources of revenue. We shall have
to provide for it, and ought to do it at the same
time, by making the appropriation. I think that
we ought not to insert such amendments on this
bill, and if we have this purpose of preparing for
