2742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
■war, we" ought to prepare and report a different
set of measures.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Virginia
talks about patting this appropriation upon asep-
erate bill. I ask why? Does not the Senator
know perfectly well that at this late day of the
session no separate bill would have the slightest
chance on earth to pass ?
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me,
for I do not want to speak on thisquestion again,
I take it for granted that a majority of Congress,
if they should believe there was danger of war,
would, no doubt, stay here long enough to pass
the necessary measures m a separate bill. If they
had behoved there was any such danger, surely
they would not have begun with such a paltry
provision as (his, in such a contingency as that.
Mr. BPtOWN. Then I come back to the ori-
ginal question. Why not put this proposition in
this bill? It is in order here*, no one disputes
that. Why have two separate bills? Why put
yourselves to the trouble of passing two bills
through all the forms of law ? Put it on here. It
is in order under your rule. It is in the right place,
made by the right parties, and at the right time.
When the Senator brings m his question whether
this is a proposition of peace or of war, I reply,
as I said before, that I hope the* e is to be no war.
Heaven knows I want no war, for I know where
it will fall; but 1 know, if the honor of the flag is
to be vindicated, that there is danger of a war, and
I would provide for it right here, and now; not
by ten sloops, but by twenty—nay, sir, by forty.
1 would go even to a larger figure, but 1 suppose
we can get nothing more than ten now, and 1 am
for putting it on here, because, if you do not do it
now, at this time and this place, you will not do
it at all. Everybody knows that we have no time
now to introduce a new bill, and pass it through
all the forms of law. I hope that those who are
in favor of maintaining the flag and vindicating
your rights in the Gulf of Mexico will here vote
for an increase of the Navy, and I shall expect
those who have spoken heretofore in favor of vin-
dicating the flag to vote for this amendment.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I will inquire whether my
amendment w'll be the next in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatisnextin
order. The Senator from North Carolina moves
to amend the amendment in line eleven, after the
word 44 seas," by inserting " and ton gun-boats,
with full steam power." The question is on the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. The Senator from Vir-
gin:a insists that we ought not to adopt this
amendment without providing additional means.
Now we have agreed to give the Government
$35,000,000 m the way of loans, in addition to ail
the revenue. That is the amount that it is sup-
posed they will need for twelve months. Does
not the Senator A oni Virginia remember that Con-
gress will convene in six months? 1 do not be-
lieve this additional expenditure will lequire any
increased loan; but if necessary, surely it will be
time enough to do it in January or February next.
There is, theiefore, no necessity whatever for an
additional loan at this time, and I do not believe
the money will bo needed.
Out, sir, he says this is not a war measure.
Well, it may be a very good measuio if we should
be involved in war. lie means, I take it, by that,
that if we ate goine^ to war, we should go much
Anther than this. Why nottakethisproposition,
then ? These vessels will answer a very good
purpose. The Senator from Virginia and every
gentleman hero knows that if the views which
have been maintained by Senators on this floor
ore to be carried out—and J am not prepared to
say that they are not right, and 1 stand ready to
vote for those measures—of course we are in-
volved in war, and in less than six months shall
i-e attacked on a hundred points. J n such an event
there will be a great prune, and wc ahull have to
spend $100,000^000; so that even as a war meas-
ure, this will be very well, and as a peace meas-
ure, Senators all aiound have argued that it is
eminently necessary and proper.
On consulting with the members of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs in the House of Representa-
tives, they have expressed the opinion to me that
the House would very readily adopt the additional
expense of twenty gun-boats; and therefore, upon
the suggestion of the Senator from Maryland and
several othei Senators, including the Senator from
Mississippiand theSenatorfromIllinois, I should
be very glad to go to the extent of twenty gun-
boats. In fact, there has been no time within the
last five years that I would not vote $25,000,000
to the public defenses, in addition to the expend-
iture made. I believe, that by expenditures for
useful and necessary purposes, you will not in-
crease so much the entire expenditures. The
money will be wasted to private purposes and
jobs, unless it is going to something useful. I
desire to see the Departments pinched as much
as possible, and driven to make the money go as
far as possible. I do not care, therefore, to see a
very full Treasury. I think we can afford to vote
two or three millions for the public defense. I
wish, therefore, to modify my amendment so as
to make it twenty gun-boats, and I hope the Sen-
ate will adopt it.
Mr. KENNEDY. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator from North Carolina what
he means exactly when speaking of twenty gun-
boats? and in making that inquiry I do it because
really I am entirely ignorant of what that term
implies. If the ten steamships of small draught,
recommended by the Secretary of the Navy, are
to be included under the head of gun-boats, then
perhaps I may agree with him. If not, I would
like him to say what ho means by the power of
these twenty gun-boats. I do not know what they
are. I am, as the distinguished Senator from
Ohio said some time ago, upon these matters a
mere " land lubber," and therefore I should like
to know.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will answer with very
great pleasure, and slate what I mean. I had
supposed, though,from the discussion which had
already taken place to-day, and from what the
Senator fiom Maryland must have read, that he
would not require to ho enlightened by one like
myself, who am eminently what he is pleased to
term a " land lubber." Why. sir, the chauman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs told us to-day
that some ot these Ornish ships were found to be
among some of the most effective. Did the Sen-
ator state what way the. draught of the Styx and
Buzzard ?
Mr. MALLORY. The Styx is notagun-boat.
She is a side-wheel battle steamer of one thousand
two hundred tons.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What vessel was that to
which the gentleman referred 5
Mr. M ALLORY. 1 stated that the fourth class
gun-boats, built by Great Bntain, drew five and
a hillt" feet of water with twenty horse power, and
tin; third class wore of sixty horse power.
Mr. CLJ N( rM AN. 1 was about to say, I sup-
posed the gentleman hod named the diaught of
some of (hose ship.*. . He went on to mention
those of five and a half and six feet to be effective,
.sonic of which woe sent off into the China seas.
Mr. MALLORY. Of twelve feet
Mr. CLINGMAN. We all remember, Mr.
Presiden t. that Great Britain got up a huge fleet of
what were commonly called gun-boats, but pro-
pelled witli steatn, and armed with heavy guns,
and sent them into the Baltic: and such boats arc
used by her in all parts of the world. I do not
mean, therefore, m adopting that term, a less
class of ships than those described by the original
amendment Aom the committee. That amend-
ment provided for two classes, of fourteen and
twelve feet draught. I learn, from conversing
with gentlemen who aie officers of the Navy,
| that a vessel maybe made of seven or eight hun-
I dred tons quite formidable in armament,and draw
| perhaps as much as ten feet of water. Of course,
: a «-ieat deal will depend upon the mode of con-
: strue.f.ion. My putpose, therefore, was to leave
the Department to build a class of ships which
' would not diaw perhaps as much as twelve feet.
■ At the same time, J think it advisable not to put
1 m any limit. The Department, perhaps, might
• select one class of six or seven feet, and another
' of eight or ten feet 1 was willing to leave that,
, therefore, to the Secretary of the Navy; but in-
! asmuch as we specified two classes of sloops, one
■ of fourteen and the other of twelve feet, I take it
■ for granted that he will select those of an inferior
class as to the tonnage, draught of water, and arm-
! anient. But every Senator at all conversant with
j the subject knows that ships may be made not to
! draw more than ten feet of water that could get
i into all the ports North and South, and be very
serviceable, and yet be very formidable jn tune
of war; sufficiently so to capture not only any
merchant vessel, but dangerous, when there were
several of them, to the largest ships, by being
armed with large guns. Half a dozen, ortwo or
three of them, could take positions,where they
could be very annoying to the most formidable
ship, because, by having full steam power, they
would be able to get out of the way of a more
powerful ship, and afterwards approach her, and
take her own distance. That is what I mean by
using the term gun-boats.
Mr. KENNEDY. While the answer made
by the Senator from North Carolina to my inter-
rogatory has been very full, he does not seem ex-
actly to have comprehended the scope of my in-
quiry; and f beg to put the interrogatory to the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ask him to inform me, if these twenty
gun-boats are added, how far, or how much, they
would increase the armament of the Navy; and
what would be the amount of guns upon each
coast?
Mr. MALLORY. The term gun-boat received
a signification during the last war, when recom-
mended by Mr. Jefferson. It has received a very
large signification, and they have been adopted by
Great Britain. The gun-boats contemplated in
the last war carried two guns, as a general thing.
The gun-boats contemplated by Great Britain,one
hundied and eighty-four in four months, for the
Crimean war, carried from one to six guns.
Mr. KENNEDY. Of what size?
Mr. MALLORY. Ten inch caliber. Her
largest gunboats are eight hundred tons, and two
hundred and eighty horse power. They carry
two heavy guns, one on the forecastle, one be-
tween the two masts, and four side guns. Iler
smallest gun-boats are twenty horse power, and
of two hundred tons; carry one heavy gun, of ten
inch calibre, and, 1 believe, two side guns. They
were designed to have great speed. They are
very low in the water, built very long and sharp,
with light draught of water, and carrying the
heaviest caliber, and from six guns to two.
Mr. KENNEDY. May I ask further, of what
draught those are >
Mr. MALLORY. The heaviest gun-boats of
Great Britain draw twelve, and the lightest five
and a half, feet of water.
Mr. KENNEDY. One question further, if the
gentleman will allow me—not with any desire to
catechise him or embarrass him, but really for in-
formation : is that the precise class suggested by
yourself?
Mr. MALLORY. I have suggested none. In
relation to this amendment, the Committee on
Naval Affairs followed the recommendation of the
Navy Department. It is not recommended as a
war measure. The question of frun-boats is not
presented Aom the Committee on Naval Affairs;
but, if the amendment be adopted, I suppose the
Department will follow out the system adopted
by Great Britain, and build our gun-boats with
reference to hers.
Mr. KENNEDY. Then,I have to say that I
am prepared to accept the amendment of the hon-
oiable Senator fi om North Carolina, if it includes
guns and vessels of that size and class.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is what it means.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question?
Mr. MALLORY. Before the amendment
passes, I will repeat again that, from the senti-
ment expressed by the Senate here, I fear wc arc
not prepared to adopt this amendment to the
amendment of twenty gun-boats. I would prefer
it, if the Senator from North Carolina would put
his amendment as a separate measuie, distinctly
from the amendment now before the Senate. The
Committee on Naval Affairs recommended this
increase of ten vessels, prescribing the draught
for vauous reasons, one of which was not ad-
verted to,but which is acknowledged on all hands.
The American flag is prostituted to the slave
trade; that furnishes a pretense to Great Britain,
as it did in 1832, to board vessels; and the vessels
now proposed to be built, will be the best vessels
for the purpose of protecting our own flag from
that trade in the Gulf of Mexico. A minimum
draught is not provided; they may be builr of a
lighter draught; but the maximum is provided.
We have no vessels suited for that purpose, and
that is one of the objects. 1 should like to limit
the amendment reported by the committee to the
