1718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
torney, or in anyfther capacity; that be has no privity or
agreement with him whatever; that said Sagendorf never
informed this deponent that a notice for taking depositions
or testimony in said contest had been delivered to him ; and
that the fir>t knowledge or intimation which this deponent
had that any such notice had been delivered to said Sagen-
dorf was obtained from an examination of said printed doc-
ument, No. 5; and deponent fuither stfys that he has always
understood, and he believes, that said Andrew Sagendorf
was a supporter of Hon. Bird B. Chapman for Congress at
the late election ; and that he, said Sagendorf, is politically
hostile to this deponent. FENNER FERGUSON.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th day of Jan-
uary, A. D. 1858. C. W. C. DUNNINGTON,
Justice of the Peace.
Now the question is, what is best to be clone to
further the justice of the case, under this state
of facts? T?o permit no further testimony to be
taken, and determine the case on the evidence
taken ex parte, on the aforesaid notice, wouid be
to oust the sitting Delegate without hearing any
evidence whatever from him. On the other hanu,
to excludc entirely the testimony taken, and thus
decide the case, would be to cut off the contest-
ant summarily, and place the sitting Delegate per-
manently in his seat. By either mode great in-
justice might be done. The committee concluded,
therefore, that the nearest approximation to jus-
tice was, to receive the evidence already taken,
and extend the time for the further taking of tes-
timony. Then all the evidence will come out,
and the committee and the House be in a condi-
tion to say who, of the parties claiming the scat,
is rightfully entitled to it. My own impression,
concurring with that of the committee, is, that this
course, the extension of the time of taking of testi-
mony, is the best thing we can do, under all the
circumstances of the case. The House have the
power, in the exercise of their discretion, a just
discretion, to extend the time of taking testimony.
I think this case is one which recommends itself
to the exercise of this power of extension, and I
hope, therefore, the resolution recommended by
the committee will be adopted by the House, and
the parties interested havo the opportunity of fully
developing their evidence.
The question being upon the adoption of the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the parties contestant and contested in
till? case 1)0 allowed the further time ot M\ty days from the
passage of tins resolution to take and return [supplementary
testimony.
Mr. PHILLIPS offered the following amend-
ment:
Strike nut the words " the further time of sixty days from
the passage of this) resolution," and insert m lieu thereof,
the words " until the tiist day of October next."
PRINTING OF A BILL.
Mr. GROW. I desire to appeal to my col-
league to allow me to ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have printed a bill which the se-
lect committee on printing purpose at some future
time to report. It is a bill to provide for the elec-
tion, by the House, of a Superintendent of Fold-
ng, and we desire to have ltprinted in order that
members may have an opportunity to examine it
before the matter is brought up for consideration.
No objection being made, the bill was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I wish to say that
I am not now prepared to present the minority
report on this matter. I did not agree to the bill;
and when the matter comes up, I shall state my
objections to it.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The report of the Committee
of Elections was made on the 2d of February,
when they recommended that sixty days from
that time be allowed to take testimony. If sixty
days' time were now allowed, it would not expite
until after the close of the session, and this wouid
deprive that Territory of a representative on this
iloor in the mean time. I have, consequently,
thought it best to offer an amendment extending
the time on both sides until the 1st day of October
next. The testimony, in either case, cannot be
returned until the next session of Congress; and
my amendment, if adopted, will give ample lime
to both parties. It will allow the sitting member
to represent the Territory until the end of the
session, and, at the same time, allow the matter
to be brought up for consideration at as early a
day as it would be under the resolution reported
by the committee. I call the previous question.
Mr. TPJPPE. I trust the previous question
•will not be ordered upon this matter.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I withdraw the call to allow
the gentleman to make a statement.
Mr. TRIPPE. I am not a member of the Com-
mittee of Elections, but I intend to give my vote
upont his question upon the principles which gov-
erned my vote in a case of a similar kind upon a
previous occasion in this House.
I will admit, that within the last few minutes
I have come in possession of the facts of this case.
Half an hour ago I did not know such a report
wasmade by the committee. My judgment, there-
fore, may be premature; but so far as I can see,
from the papers in the case, I say, with all due
respect to the committee, I do not find any good
reason assigned to justify their action. Not one.
And the committee themselves take a position in
their report directly in the teeth of their recom-
mendation, and which overrides it.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I wish to suggestto the gen-
tleman, that it appeared in evidence before the
committee, and I believe it is so stated in the re-
port, that citizens were refused the privilege of
cross-examining the witnesses of the contestant.
Mr. TRIPPE. It matters not, one way or the
other. It cannot affect the merits of this case.
The House will recollect that, some few weeks
since, they refused an extension of time to the
gentleman from the State of Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] whose seat is contested. I voted against
that extension. I believed then that I voted right.
I believe now that I voted right, and that this
House did right in refusing the extension of time
in that case; and if we are to preserve consistency,
not only in regard to that vote, but m regard to
justice itself, this continuance cannot be granted.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phil-
lips] states that citizens were refused the privi-
lege of cross-examining the witnesses for the con-
testant. Grant it. The committee took the proper
position in their report when they say that the sit-
ting member, before ne left the Territory, ought
to have appointed an accredited agent to represent
him. Surely, this House does not mean to take
the position that, when a gentleman is elected
either as a member or Delegate of this House, he
can immediately rent his house and become a res-
ident nowhere, have no notorious place of abode,
travel the world over, if you please, so that he
cannot be found, and a notice of contest cannot be
served on him personally, and thereby a contest-
ant is to lose his legal rights. Why, sir, my friend
from South Carolina [Mr. Boyce] is elected fifteen
or sixteen months before he is called upon to dis-
charge his dutips here. He might rent his house,
travel all over Europe in that time, and if I were
a contestant in his district, 1 could not find him
to serve notice on him; and then he might come
in here at the next Congress and say, forsooth,
that he was not served personally with notice, nor
with notice left at his residence,and ask the House
to extend the time, not only for sixty days, but
to extend it to a period that would run into the
next session of Congress, as is proposed in this
case; and in the mean time, both would draw their
pay, mileage, and per diem, as we know that is
the practice. From what does the difficulty re-
sult m this case ? From the sitting member's own
negligence. He ought to have left an accredited
agent in the Territory, to represent him in the
taking of testimony, as the committee say. If cit-
izens were refused the privilege of cross examin-
ing witnesses, who is to blame? •
The committee take the position in their report
that it is not only the rights of the sitting Delegate
and the contestant that are involved, hut the rights
of the people of the Territory. And right here I
will remai'k that 1 do not know who is entitled to
the seat, and I do not caie who gets it. Grant
that the rights of the people ot the Territory are
involved. That is so m all contested-election
cases. Why, did not you vote to extend the time
for the gentleman from Ohio on that principle?
There are more people in the third district of Ohio
than in the whole of Nebraska Territory. Messrs.
Campbell and Vallandigham received more votes
than'the whole vote of Nebraska Territory; and
the question could have been raised m that case
that not only were the rights of Messrs. Campbell
and Vallandigham involved in the issue, but the
rights of over twenty thousand voters of the third
district of Ohio. Why did not that consideration
control the House then, and induce them to grant
the extension of time asked for ? Sir, I hope the
House will act consistently in relation to all these
cases. I intend, upon every contested-election
case, whether in determining upon preliminary
questions or on the merits of the cases, to decide
them as a juror; and not upon one day to give a
verdict upon one side, and upon another day,
upon precisely the same showing, to give a ver-
dict upon the other side.
Furthermore, Mr. Speaker, this report was
made on the 2d of February, but the motion for a
continuance has not been brough t up for a hearing
until after the middle of April, and it is now pro-
posed that the postponement shall extend beyond
the present session of Congress. The result will
be that we shall have both these gentlemen here
during the present session; and coming back next
session, and both drawing full pay and mileage.
Now, sir, there is not a single feature in the case
that would justify a continuance. The sitting
Delegate avers, in his affidavit, that he did not,
until after the 1st of December, have knowledge
that testimony was being taken by the contestant.
In the first place, I answer, in the words of the
committee, that he ought to have had knowledge
of it before, for he ought to have left an accred-
ited agent in the Territory. The committee tell
us so, and I thank them for the word. If he in-
tended to come on here before the time when the
notice to take testimony was served, he ought to
have ieft an agent behind him; for, mark you,
notice that his seat would be contested had already
been served. It is his own fault that he was not
represented and did not receive the notice. I trust,
sir, the House will show some consistency with
the vote it gave a few weeks ago, and that what
is sauce for the goose will be made sauce for the
gander.
Mr. BOYCE. I call the previous question.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I would like the gen-
tleman from South Carolina to withdraw the pre-
vious question for a moment, that I may suggest
a further amendment to the resolution, which is,
that the testimony shall not be taken during the
session of Congress, but may be taken during the
vacation. If that amendment be not made, pos-
sibly injustice may be done to the sitting Delegate
by the contestant taking testimony while he is
compelled to be here attending to his duties.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I accept the modification.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. Insert the words;
" Such testimony not to be taken during the pres-
ent session of Congress."
The resolution was so modified.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman from South Car-
olina withdraw his call for the previous question ?
Mr. BOYCE. I withdraw it.
Mr. COX. I will simply say here that 1 wish
to make my vote consistent with the vote I gave
on a former occasion against the extension of
time. If the time is to be extended at the pleas-
ure of parties here, this matter of contesting seats
of members will become a mere farce, and a very
expensive farce, not only to members, but to the
Government. It is well understood that both the
sitting Delegate and the contestant will draw their
pay meanwhile, thotboth will diaw then mileage,
and that both will be at expense meanwhile. Now,
so far as the papers before the [louse throw any
light upon this matter, it appear to mi; that the
House is as ready to act m this case now as it
will be in October or sixty day hence So far
as it appeals from these papois, (and I have only
cursorily glanced over them,) this notice of con-
test was served on the lGth day of September,
eleven days after the result of the election m Ne-
braska was announced. Shoitly after that time
the present sitting Delegate, on the iid of October,
made his response to that notice. Then followec
the notice on the part of Mr. Chapman to the sit-
ting Delegate to take depositions. That, tiotic*
was seivei! exactly in conformity to law. In every
lespect the gentleman who contests this seat has
pursued the law in such case made and provided.
He served the notice, according to the statement
which I hold m my hand, at the usual place of
abode of the sitting member, in the Territory of
Nebraska. I canitot see how he could have done
otherwise, and I say this with all deference to the
committee. I do not see how he could have pur-
sued the law in any other mode. Could he have
followed the sitting Delegate to Washington city?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man will allow ine, I will answer his question. I
understood from the parties that, after the elec-
tion, they did meet in this city, and it seems to
