1858.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1310
me that notice might have been given at that time,
or the contestant might have ascertained the place
at which a notice could have been answered.
Mr. COX. In response to that, I will read the
statement of the contestant. He says:
"By referring to said answer of sitting Delegate, it will be
found strangely or designedly to be a notice with date, but
naming no locality as to wlieie written or where the writer
might be found or addressed, or any agent or attorney rep-
resenting nim; and, so far as this contestant was informed,
lie might have supposed him in lii-5 house, or in some place
about the Territory, or having hastily fled from the Territory
to avoid any further notice being served upon him. There-
fore, in giving him further notices to take testimony, this
contestant had no other course to. pursue than that pointed
out by the iavv prescribing the mode of obtaining evidence
m cases of contested elections, to wit: to cause copies of
said notices to be left at his usual place of abode, which was
done, as appears by the affidavits of James W. Daskam and
Loren P. Waldo, jr., to be found on pages 8 and 9 of said
Document No. 5, and which more fully appears by the dep-
ositions of Loren P. Waldo, jr., and George Jj. Sites, now
in possession of your committee."
If that be true—and I suppose that those depo-
sitions carry out that statement—then the contest-
ant has pursued the law in every regard; and why,
then, should this matter he further postponed ? If
we wish to have these matters speedily settled; if
we wish to have these contested-election cases
closed up while the subject-matter is fresh, and
there is no chance to raise testimony to suit every
occasion; if we wish to settle them while the facts
are in the memory of those who can speak to the
subject, then 1 think that we ought not to post-
pone them. We ought to act upon them promptly,
not only in reference to the expense to the people,
but the expense to the contestant, the sitting Dele-
gate, and all around.
Mr. Speaker, I think that this matter ought to
be disposed of now. We are just as ready to dis-
pose of it at this moment as we will be in Octo-
ber, and just as ready to do justice to both parties.
Mr. STEVENSON. The vote on this report
in the Committee of Elections was not a unan-
imous vote. I believe that the proposition to ex-
tend further time was carried only by a majority
of one in that committee. 1 do not remember
whether the committee was full or not, but I am
satisfied, that the record of that committee will
show 
Mr. PHILLIPS. Let me interrupt the gen-
tleman . I have the minutes of that committee
before me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has great doubt
whether it is in order to refer upon the floor to
what has transpired in committee. There have
oeen rulings that it is not in order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The vote stood seven to two.
Mr. STEVENSON. I may be in error, and I
stand corrected. I only rise to explain my own
record, and my own vote in that committee.. I
entirely concur with the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Trippe,] that the notice in this case was
sufficiently full and legal in all its aspects. I re-
gard that the contestant did all he could do, by
leaving a copy of that notice at the residence of
the sitting Delegate. He did more than that: for,
after notifying the sitting Delegate that it was his
intention to contest the seat, he then served a
notice on a gentleman who had been his reputed
active agentin the Territory. He then proceeded,
after having given both of these notices, to take
testimony himself, believing that he had done all
that he was required to do. Believing that it
would be a frittering away of every attempt to con-
test an election, as has been well described by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Trifpe,] I voted for
deciding the case upon its merits, on the testimony
before the committee.
One word more,and I am done. I do not think
that this case resembles in all respects the case
alluded to by the gentleman from Georgia, upon
which a vote was taken in this House some weeks
ago. In the Ohio case, more than a year had
elapsed, and a long space had been allowed to the
gentlemen in that case to take testimony. My
vote, then, was mainly based upon the fact that,
if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] had
gone on and taken proof after the sixty days had
expired, and had brought that proof here, and a
technical objection were interposed, then I should
have voted to give him an extension of time; but
that was not done. In the present case, this tes-
timony was taken in the month of November, a
short time before the meeting of Congress; and in
tlfat respect the cases are dissimilar.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The commit-
tee recommend, and I concur in the report,- that
further time should be given to these parties. I
do so because I am not satisfied, upon the evi-
dence as it stands, which of the parties is elected,
which has the most good votes and is entitled to
a seat here. Judge Ferguson appeared before the
committee and made an affidavit to the fact that,
having been in the Territory a long time, and
being desirous of making a visit, before the com-
mencement of Congress, to the State of New York,
where he formerly lived, he left the Territory on
a journey east, renting his residence. After he
left Nebraska he came to Washington. He had
received notice of the contest before he left. While
at Washington he met the contestant, and he told
the contestant that he had left Nebraska and was
not going to return for some time. Nevertheless,
Mr. Chapman, the contestant, returned to Ne-
braska and gave his notice. Instead of leaving it
in the hands of the gentleman who had rented,
and then occupied the house of the sitting mem-
ber, he left it in the hands of another person who
happened to be boarding in the house, but who,
at the time the sitting member moved out of it, re-
sided , as I am informed, at a distance of ten miles
therefrom, and who was in no sense his agent or
attorney. I did not believe that the committee,
under the testimony taken in the absence of Judge
Ferguson, could be satisfied with anything but
an extension of time for taking further testimony;
and therefore it was that, believing that the only
way in which we could get at the actual facts in
the case, and to know which of these gentlemen
was truly and really elected, was to order the tes-
timony to be taken at a time when both parties
could be present and know what was testified to,
this resolution was ordered to be reported. I hope
that the resolution will be adopted; and I call for
the previous question.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask the gentleman
from Maine a question in regard to this thing.
One of the notices in this case was served upon
a gentleman named Strickland, who occupied the
house that had been occupied by the sitting mem-
ber. I ask the gentleman if it does not appear
afterwards in another paper, Miscellaneous Doc-
uments No. 19, that on the 2d of December, 1857,
the same Mr. Strickland, as the attorney for the
siting member, served a notice on Mr. Chapman,
the contestant, and whether he was not regarded
as his attorney at the time?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
that Mr. Strickland was not the agent or attorney
of Judge Ferguson in this matter; and also, that
the principal notice was left with a man named
Sagendorf. Another notice was left with Mr.
Strickland; and he, acting as the friend of the sit-
ting member, volunteered to serve as his attorney.
An objection was made, that he had no right to
appear as an attorney, although he was a citizen
of the district, and was interested in the repre-
sentation of the Territory. He was objected to
by the friends ofMr. Chapman,and was notper-
mitted to ask the witnesses any question what-
ever. And now, under those circumstances, we
are asked to pass on the case. I call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CHAPMAN, (the contestant.) Am I en-
titled to say anything on this question ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It has never
been the habit of this House to grant to contest-
ants the right to discuss interlocutory questions.
I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the contestant cannot be heard on this question,
except by the consent of the House; and that in
every single instance where the privilege has been
accorded to a contestant it has been conferred by
an express resolution, or authority given by the
majority of the House.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I move that the contest-
ant have the right to be heard on this question.
Mr. CLEMENS. I presume that if the House
grant the privilege to one of the parties it should
be also granted to the other.
The SPEAKER. The sitting member has the
right to be heard.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is the motion
in order, pending the call for the previous ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion cannot be entertained pending the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. POTTLE. I suppose that if the previous
question be voted down the motion will then be
in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks so.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for tellers on the call
for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gartrell,
and Washburn of Maine, were appointed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Does the contest-
ant desire to be heard on this preliminary ques-
tion ? '
The SPEAKER. The contestant rose and in-
dicated his desire to be heard. A gentleman sit-
ting near him, [Mr.-Cox,] subsequently rose and
stated that the contestant waived the application.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. If the gentleman
wants to be heard, let him have the privilege. •
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
that the contestant desires to be heard?
Mr. COX. The contestant informed me, after
the call for the previous question, that he would
not press his application on the House.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes ninety-six, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on agreeing to
the amendment of Mr. Phillips, as modified.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
Mr. COLFAX. I would inquire whether those
who desire to have this case disposed of at once,
will not have to vote negatively upon both proposi-
tions, as there is no question pending for a final
disposition of the case?
The SPEAKER. Those who are in favor of
deciding the case now will have to vote, " no."
Mr. COLFAX. I move, then, to lay the reso-
lution and pending amendment on the table, so
that the contest can be decided without further
delay.
Mr. Y/ASHBURN, of Maine. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WRIGHT, of G eorgia. I desire to inquire
for information what will be the effect of adopting
the motion to lay the resolution and amendment
upon the table? Will it lay the whole subject upon
the table ?
The SPEAKER. It would only lay upon the
table the question as to the extension of time ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would inquire
if the resolution is laid upon the table, whether
the House will not be obliged to determine this
question upon the tx parte testimony taken in the
absence of the sitting member'
The SPEAKER.. The Chair has no informa-
tion as to what facts are in possession of the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. FLORENCE. I understood the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Boyce] to say that the
committee desire further testimony.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to debate.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 87, nays 106; as follows:
YJ.IVS—Messrs. Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bishop, Bry-
an, BulBnton, Burhnganie, liurns, Burroughs, Case, Chaf-
fee, Ezra Clark. Ohngman. Cobb, Clark Ji. Cochrane, Col-
fax, Cox, Crawford, Curry, Curtis, Damreli, Davidson,
l>avis of Maryland, Oawes, Dean, Dick, Dowdell, Durfcc,
Edie, Fenton, Gailrcll. Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall,
Hatch, Hawkins, Hill,'Hoard, Houston, Howard, Hughes,
Jackson, George VV. Jones, Kelsey, Kilgore, Lawrence,
Letter, Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, Maynard, Montgom-
ery, Moore, Moinll, Edward Joy Morris, Nichols, Palmer,
Pettit, Pike, Pottle, Purviance, Quitman, Heady, Reagan,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Ratlin, Savage, Scales Seward, Henry
M. Shaw, John Sherman, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Stall-
worth, Stanton, Stephens, Stevenson,George Taylor, Miles
Taylor, Thompson, Tompkins, Tnppe, Walton, Warren,
VVatkins, Wood, VVortcndjke, and John V. Wright—«7.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Ahl, Anderson, An-
drews, Bennett, Billtnghurst, Bingham, lilair, Bliss, Bo-
cock, Bowie, lio\ee, Brajtori, Buinett, Ca-kio, Chapman,
John B Clark, Clawson, Clay, Clemen*, CoekeulL Oonnns,
Coming, Covode, Cragui, James Craig, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dewart, Dodd,
Edmundson, Elliott, FamsWoith, Faulkaei, Florence, Fo-
ley, Foster, (biddings, Oilman, Gooch, Goode, Goodwin.
Granger, Greenwood, Gregg, Grow, Italian, Thomas I*.
I Harris, Haskm, Iluyler, Jenkins, J. Glaney Jones, Coven
' Jones, Keitt, Kellogg, Kelly, Knapp, Landv, Leidy, I.ove
joy, Maclay, McKibbm, McQueen, Miles Miller, Millson
Morgan, Isaac N Moms, Fieeman II. Morse, Oliver A
Morse, Murray, Niblaek, Oiiu, 1'aiker, Peyton, Phelps,
Phillips, Potter, Reilly, ltobbins, Roberts, Royee, Russeli,
Sandidge, Seott, Searing. Aaion Shaw, Singleton, William
j Smith, Spinner, James A. Stewart, Talbot, Thayer, Under-
wood, VVade, VVolbitdge, VV.ddron, Ward, EUihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, White. Whueley, Wilson, Wood-
son, and Augustus It. Wright—106.
So the House refused to lay the resolution and
amendment upon the table.
