1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
here to this "Zion" of theirs in the valley of
Salt Lake. There I would let them alone. Recall
your civil officers; withhold your appropriations,
unless it be in-chanty, if need be, to save them
from suffering; send them no more appropriations
for the ordinary purposes for winch they have
hitherto been sent; assume no responsible gov-
ernment over them, except that sort of guard-
ianship which weexercise over our Indian tribes;
and above all send no armies to them, but rather
send them commissioners of peace, and they^vill
make no war upon us. "
I think it was a mistake to give an organized ter-
ritorial government to this people; and if I am not
mistaken, the Committee on Territories—if I am,
my honorable colleague will inform me—at the
last Congress, had under consideration the ques-
tion of the repeal of that territorial government.
At any rate, it seems to me, sir, that this would
be a far better course to pursue towards these
deluded, crazy people, than to send an armed sol-
diery among them to shoot them down. The
very idea of raising armies to go to war with
Brigham Young and his Mormons, strikes me as
presenting this great nation of ours in rather a
humiliating, not to say a ludicrous, attitude before
the world. There is no glory to be won; there
are 110 laurels to be gathered on such a field as
that.
As at present advised, I shall vote against any
increase of the Army of the United States, on ac-
count of any presort or prospective state of things
in Utah, if the very worst condition of things
shall happen there which the most credulous can
anticipate, our present regular force is ample to
meet any emergency which can possibly arise
there. If not, if I am in error m this, then raise
a sufficient temporary force for the occasion, to be
discharged when the occasion shall have passed.
At most, it is but a temporary difficulty, and de-
mands no permanent increase of the Army of the
United States.
If it be said that an increase of the Army is
needed for the purpose of suppressing what some
fentlemen are pleased to call rebellion in Kansas,
have but a single remark to make in answer to
it; and that is, that the proposed increase of the
military establishment of the United States, I
apprehend, will he found to be utterly insignifi-
cant and altogether insufficient for that purpose. I
have nothing more, however, to say at present on
that point.
If it be said, again, that this enlargement of the
military force of the country is needed for the pur-
pose of protecting our border settlements fiom
the ravages of the Indian tiibes, I answer, in the
first place, that this necessity, if necessity it be
at all, is no greater now than it has been for many
years past; and I add, in the second place, that
the regular military force of the country is as ade-
quate for that purpose to-day as it has been for
many years past, and much more adequate than
it was but a very few years ago. I answer further,
that volunteer companies can readily and effectu-
ally supply, for the time being, any deficiency or
inadequacy in the regular military force of the
country. And after all, a few companies of
mounted rangers, I believe, with the honorable
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,] to be much
better than either.
But a more pertinent and potential answer still,
is this: protect the Indians against theaggressions,
the incursions, the wrongs, the injustice, the vio-
lence of the whites, and you will have no occa-
sion for any military force, either regular or vol-
unteer, to protect the whites against the Indians.
I presume it is safe to say that in nineteen cases
out of every twenty, these Indian wars and depre-
dations which have cost this Government such
enormous sums of money, and which have caused
so much of alarm, misery, and bloodshed, have
been provoked by, and have had their origin in,
the aggressions of the whites. Puta stop to this;
put a stop to the aggressions of the border whites;
put a stop to the injustice, the frauds, the wrongs,
and the robberies of your white Government
agents, and we shall hear very little more of In-
dian invasions and of Indian barbarities.
The sum of the whole argument against the
proposed increase of the military establishment
of the country is this: that we are not advised of
any existing necessity for it; and we are unable
to conceive of any such necessity. We are at
peacc with ail nations; and whatever domestic
disturbances there may be within our borders,
they are but local, incidental, and temporary, and
our piesent regular military force is abundantly
sufficient to meet any emergency that can possi-
bly arise from them. Least ofall, sir, do they call
for an increase of the military establishment of
the United States, and a corresponding imposition
of taxation and burden on the people. We all
know that the people of the United States will
very cheerfully bear the imposition of any burden
on them when they see an existing necessity for
it. They will cheerfully bear whatever burden
may be imposed on them for the necessary de-
fense of the country; but when they sec no such
existing necessity, and above all, when they are
not even told of any such necessity, they will at
least hear such impositions with impaticnce.
Besides casting this large number of men for sup-
port upon the public charge, it takes just exactly
so many men from the productive power of the
country; and, in a corresponding degree, so much
from the effective means of n'ational wealth and
of national prosperity. But I will not enlarge on
this point.
Aside from all this, Mr. President, as we have
already been told, and we may be emphatically
told again, the American people have a hereditary
and justjoalousyof standing armies, the effect and
influence of which were so eloquently depicted
the other day by the honorable Senator from
Georgia; and that jealousy is the more awakened
as they sec your Army growing in numbers and
strength, but surely, from time to time, and almost
from year to year. It is not that nobody is alarmed
at a small army of five or ten thousand; it is not
but what everybody would be opposed to a largo
army of one or two hundred thousand; but the
ground of ahum, of apprehension, of jealousy, is,
that they see your small Army, to which nobody
is opposed, rapidly advancing to your great Army
of one or two hundred thousand, to which every-
body to-day is professedly opposed.
Standingarmies, I need notsav in this presence,
have proved the bane of every Republic that has
risen or fallen, in ancient 01 in modern times.
They overthrew all the earlier, as they have over-
thrown most of the later, Republics of the world.
They have been the instiumenfahtics by which
the grand and the petty tyrants of the Old World,
•' springing from the stagnant pools of despotism"
for the last two thousand yaars—from the Ro-
man triumvirate, which ronied the throne of the
Caesars upon the ruins of republican liberty there,
to the Emperor who to-day holds in his hands the
destinies of France, and of Euiope—the instru-
mentalities by which the despots of the earth have
been 'able to sustain themselves while pressing
with their iron heels upon the nocks of the popu-
lar and prostrate masses of the people.
Sir, in the absence of any foreign war; in the
absence of any formidable domestic disturbances
beyond our present means of suppression and
defense; in the absence of any information vHth
regard to any existing necessity for a permanent
enlargement of the military force of the country;
and in the presence of a general and crushing de-
pression in all the departments of industry; in the
presence of impending national bankruptcy; and
m the presence of the popular distrust of large
and increasing standing armies in times of peace,
I shall certainly best discharge my duty to the
convictions of my own judgment, and to what I
conceive to be the public sentiment of the coun-
try, by voting against this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs.)
The question before the Senate is on the motion of
the Senator from Georgia, to strike out the first
section of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. A number of gentlemen who, I
believe, arc friendly to the main purpose of the
bill, and on whose votes I have relied against
striking out this section, have left the Senate, not
expecting that the vote would be taken to-day;
and, therefore, I very much prefer that the debate
shall be closed if the Senate think proper, and
that the vote shall be taken at some hour, which
shall be named, to-morrow. I will say three
o'clock, to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD and Mr. TOOMBS. Say two
o'clock.
Mr.DAYIS. Very well; I will say two o'clock,
to-morrow. The debate may as well go on to-day
on this and any other amendments gentlemen may
wish to offer, so thai ltmay be entirely practicable
for us to take the vote to-raorrow at some hour
which may be named.
Mr. PUGH. I supposed the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi desired to vote on thisrbill,.
and therefore I was disposed to rest with the rea-
sons which have been so well given by the Senator
from Georgia and the Senator from Vermont. I
have the utmost inclination to support any rea~
sonable demand of the Administration for an ex-
penditure of public money; but, sir, I think the
Senate and the1-country ought to be admonished
of the wasteful extravagance of this Government,
and particularly in the Army and Navy; and I
say to the honorable Senator from Vermont, that
if he will bring in his bill to reduce both the Army
and the Jtfavy, he shall have my vote from the
first proposition to the last. It is hardly a month
ago since we were asked to give the Government
^30,000,000 to carry on its ordinary expenses.
The emergency was so imminent, we were toldy
that we could not resort to the ordinary form of
a loan; we must adopt a system of irresponsible
paper money, with no provision for its redemp-
tion . As much of it as could be pressed into cir-
culation in every conceivable manner, has gone
into circulation. We have made no attempt to
provide for its payment; and, I declare for one, I
see no manner in which we can support this in-
crease of our expenditures, unless we go on issu-
ing paper money time and again, without any
reasonable means provided for its redemption.
Now, sir, I am not sufficiently acquainted with
the condition of the defenses of the country to say
whether this force may be necessary to subdue an
alleged insurrection in the Territory of Utah; but
I think it is due to the Senate and due to the coun-
try, in these circumstances, that that necessity
should be demonstrated; and I cannot say that I
think it has been demonstrated. Here is an Army
of eighteen thousand men, or which may amount
to eighteen thousand men. Where is itemployed ?■
Is not that sufficient to subdue a few wandering
bands of Indians, and these poordeluded orcatures
in the Territory of Utah?
I sec no necessity for the troops to remain in
Kansas. They were called there legally, in my
opinion, in the first instance—differing therein
from many other Senators—but the party which
was alleged then to be in opposition to the territo-
rial government is now in possession of the gov-
ernment under the territorial form,and it occurs to
me that there is no further necessity for the pres-
ence of troops there;, and,, in fact, I believe that
the wisest thing which could be done for the peace
of the country would be to withdraw them to-
! day—not that I apprehend the civil war which
1 Senators threaten. I apprehend civil peace will
• be the result, and quiet and satisfaction there as
| elsewhere.
| My inclination, Mr. President, has been to vote
! for this bill if the first scction of it were stricken
! out; to vote for an increase of the rank and file of
! the Army, not an increase of officers with large
| salaries; and that rather from my general confi-
: denc.c m the Administration, than because I am
I satisfied there is a necessity even for that.
j For these reasons, I shall vote for the motion
, of the Senator from Georgia, to strike out the first
1 section; and if that section be not stricken out,
, I shall be compelled to vote against the bill; with
I the furtherproviso, that I think this increase ought
1 to be limited to the period of two years.
; Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not desire to enter into
' any debate on the merits of the bill, but as it will
! be impossible for me to give it my vote, I wish to
! state in a very few words the reasons that control
! me in my action.
I cannot for the life of me discover, eitherfrom
the arguments which have been addressed to us
by the honorable chairman of the Committee on-
Military Affairs or by the executive communica-
tions, whether emanating from the Chief Magis-
trate or the Secretary of War, for what purpose
a permanent increase of the Army is wanted. I
have looked again and again into those commu-
nications for the purpose of satisfying my judg-
ment on the subject; but I have looked in vain. I
sent this morning for the estimates put on our
table, at the beginning of the session, for the War
Department, and I have looked into the report of
the Secretary of War first published with the ac-
companying documents this morning. I find the
expenditures of the Government for the Army
proper, calculated during the present year in those
