684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
estimates of expenses at something like fifteen
million dollars. The entire appropriation required
by the Departmentof Warexceeds twenty million
dollars, but the estimate put down for the Army
proper is about fifteen million dollars. Then look-
ing into the report of the Secretary of War, I find
that the average amount of the public forces is
fifteen thousand men. So that by combining these
two statements we find the annual expenditure
for each man in our Army now amounts to $1,000.
The proposition is to increase the Army seven
thousand men; that is, to add to the permanent
regular expenditure of the Government $'7,000,000
per annum for all time to come. It is not proposed
that this additional force should be raised at the
moment for any emergency, upon the cessation of
•which the Army is to be again reduced; but on
the contrary we are told that it is to be a perma-
nent increase of our regular force.
Now, sir, taking this estimate to which I have
just referred—and we all know that the expendi-
tures of our Army are annually increasing per
man instead of decreasing—$7,000,000, at the rate
at which this Government can borrow money, is
equivalent to a capital, at the very lowest, of
$140,000,000. At five per cent., and we can bor-
row money cheaper than that, it is equivalent to
an expenditure outright of $140,000,000, for by
agreeing to pay §7,000,000 per annum, we can at
this moment put $140,000,000 into the Treasury.
The proposition to Congress, then, is nothing
more nor less than the expenditure of a capital of
$140,000,000. I can view it in no other light. I
say, sir, that I have looked carefully this morn-
ing into the report of tfie Secretary of War, and T
find nothing in it to justify this increase of force.
He refers to some possible difficulties in Utah. I
will say, as other gentlemen have said who have
given their views against the expediency of in-
creasing the Army, that if for the temporary
emergency some additional force be now required,
and we are told so by the Executive Department,
1 am willing to vote it; but I am not willing to
vote one dollar towards a permanent increase of
the Army, neither by companies, nor by regi-
ments, nor by single soldiers.
We have now fifteen thousand men in the field.
Against whom are they employed ? The honor-
able Senator from Vermont has told us this morn-
ing, and toid us truly, we have no foreign enemy
to repel. As to our frontiers, the Senator from
Georgia has told the Senate m language which
none of us can forget, that the present condition
of the Indians on the frontiers bear no compar-
ison with that which exit.ted some years ago, when
the combination of the western tribes enabled
them to fight pitched battles against the Govern-
ment. A few miserable wandering savages upon
the frontiers perfectly within our power to keep
in check by a tew companies of mounted rangers,
and for that purpose we are to add 5^7,000,000 per
annum to the permanent expenditures of the Gov-
ernment !
I must have some other reasons offered to me
to control my judgment before I can agree to this
bill. Disposed as I am to support every legiti-
mate measure of the Administration, disposed as
1 am to give it a cordial and even generous sup-
port, I cannot vote for such a recommendation as
this. I will not repeat the reasons given by other
gentlemen, but the fiscal reason alone would be
sufficient to satisfy my judgment and control my
vote, if my judgment were not already convinced
by the arguments of the Senators from Georgia
and Vermont. I shall vote against the whole bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, while the Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] was address-
ing the Senate the other day, I remarked, in an
undertone, and I saw that it was incorporated into
what he said, that the expenses of the Army per
man for the past year were equal to $1,500. The
Senator from Louisiana now states that, taking
the number composing the Army at fifteen thou-
sand, and such I understood to be the number from
the chairman of the Military Committee, and di-
viding fifteen millions by that number, it will make
$1,000 per man. The amount is sixteen millions,
which would be a little more than $1,000 per man.
What the Senator states is true;, but is it not
equally true that we have before us appropriations
of about six millions asked for for legitimate Army
purposes for the past year, outside of fortifica-
tions? You may tell me that itis for an extraor-
dinary state of things. Grant it; but add to your
Army, and if they are to be located in the very
position now occupied by your Army, will not
that same state of things exist, demanding of us
a like appropriation to supply the deficiency for
another year. I say, then, by every just rule in
the world in ascertaining what is the amount of i
expenditure for the Army proper for the past year,
you should take into the account the appropria-
tion of about six millions which is now asked of
us to supply deficiencies. Take, thpn, these two
sums together, and what do th,ey amount to ? Fif-
teen millions and six millions are twenty-one mil-
lions. Divide that sum by fifteen thousand, and
you have to a dollar—excluding the odd dollars
in the millions—$1,400 to a cent, and I insist that
that sum, and not $1,000, is the amount which is
to be set down legitimately as the expense of your
Army for the past year, and it is an alarming ex-
pense.
Mr. President, it was my purpose at one period
of time to address the Senate on this question, hut
other Senators have anticipated me in what I pro-
posed to say. I shall, therefore, content myself
with voting upon reasons which have been given
by others. I wish, however, to state one sug-
gestion which occurs to me as worthy of remark,
and which has not been stated to the Senate.
These troops, if they are to be used at all, if I
understand the state of things existing, are to be
used for the same purposes, and in the same way,
that our Army is now employed. The war-
making power, in all its ramifications, is delegated
expressly in the Constitution to Congress. Are
we to have war in Utah ? I hold that that is a
question for us to determine; and while I have a
scat here, I will not vote a dollar or a man to sup-
port executive wars anywhere. If there is to be
a war, if there are to be forces used in Utah, I in-
sist that it is a question for us first to settle, and
to determine the mode and manner in which they
are to be used. I concur in what fell from the
Senator from Vermont. I would withdraw our
troops from there; I would send no additional
forces there; because, in my judgment, it is not
the best and most appropriate way to effect the
object desired.
Now, sir, step by step you witness the aggres-
sions of the executive power. I speak in no party
sense; I speak m no sectional sense; I bring into
the discussion nothing of local questions; but,
basing it upon principle, upon principle alone, I
would not vote a single man to send into that Ter-
ritory until we have determined, ourselves, in a
preliminary manner, the necessity that shall exist
for sending them there. I would not vote to in-
crease the Army a single man for ordinary pur-
poses; but, as otherSenatorshavesaid,I will'vote
now, I will vote this minute, to reduce it to ten
thousand men, and that number, in my judgment,
is more than ample for all purposes.
Look at the manner in which the Army has
been always increased. Look at your debates
< when you created your dragoons. What were the
! puiposes for which they were raised? To sup-
j press Indian hostilities, or to keep the Indians m
check; to protect the frontier settlements. What
have they done ? Sir, I stand here and I challenge
contradiction: not a single thing have they done
since they were created, except, on one occasion,
to murder a few poor squaws and little children.
Mr. DAVIS. What occasion does the Senator
allude to ?
Mr. HAMLIN. The name of the point at
which it took place has escaped me; but the Sen-
ator from Texas alluded to it a few days ago, and
perhaps he will recollect it.
Mr. DAVIS. It is the same, is it ? lam ready
for that.
Mr. HAMLIN. I say that is the only exploit
which has signalized that arm of our military
forces. There is always an emergency, in the i
minds of some men; and for this purpose, or that j
purpose, an army may be increased to an indefinite {
amount. If 1 can be satisfied, on investigation, 1
that itis wisest and best, and that it shall be neces- !
sary, to send an adequate military force into the
Territory of Utah, I am willing to vote those men;
but I am unwilling to vote them for the ordinary !
purposes of the Government. How many troops ■
on all the Atlantic coast are now stationed in your |
forts and fortifications? If I am wrong, the chair- ;
man of the Committee on Military Affairs will cor-;
rect me; but I think in what is called the eastern de- ;
partment— and, if I am not mistaken, the eastern :
department embraces all the Atlantic coast from
the Gulf of Mexico to Maine—there are about
eight hundred men and officers, an ample number;
and that number I think is ample for any other
equal distance of our coastsor ourfrontiers, where
ever that may be.
I simply rose for the purpose of saying this. I do
not wish to be put in a position of refusing to vote
troops that are actually necessary for any emer-
gency; but I insist that that emergency is a ques-
tion which is to be determined by ourselves. Be-
fore ^e raise them for that emergency we ought
to have all the facts, all the information that will
lead to an enlightened vote on the subject. For
ordinary purposes we are entitled to the same
sources of information and to the same informa-
tion in fact. We have neither investigated in the
one case, nor have we had the information in the
other. But, believing as I do, that for peace pur-
poses, for the purpose of keeping a skeleton army
according to the whole policy of the country, the
pres-ent force is sufficient, I will vote to strike out,
the first section of this bill; and then I shall cheer-
fully vote against the bill, if it shall be so stricken
out.
Mr. WILSON. As a member of the commit-
tee 
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. If no person desires to speak
but the Senator from Massachusetts, I move th*\t
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 9, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. J. Murray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the De-
partment of the Interior, transmitting for the ac-
tion of Congress, contemplated by the eighth sec-
tion of the act of July 2^, 1854, the transcripts of
thirteen private land claims in New Mexico, de-
signed for the House of Representatives, as indi-
cated in the letter of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, of the 21st of November last,
a copy of which was also inclosed.
The communication, together with the letter of
the Commissioner and the accompanying docu-
ments, were referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS INTRODUCED AND REFERRED.
Mr. CURTIS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of Iowa; which were referred as indi-
cated below;
Jointresolutions of the Legislature*of Iowa, for
additional mail service in Iowa; to the Commit-
tee on the Post pffice and Post Roads, and or-
dered to be printed.
Preamble and joint resolution of instructions
concerning the admission of Kansas into the
Union under the Lecompton constitution; to the
select committee ordered yesterday, and ordered
to be printed.
Joint resolution *o procure additional mail fa-
cilities; to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Joint resolution to the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States, asking for
bounty land warrants for the volunteers on the
SpiritLake expedition; to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Memorial and joint resolution asking Congress
to appropriate a sum sufficient to the State of Iowa
to indemnify the said State for all necessary ex-
penses incurred m an expedition raised under the
authority of the Governor of the State of Iowa
i to relieve the settlements of Spirit Lake, in March
; A- D. 1857; to the Committee on Military Affairs,
j and ordered to-be printed.
Mr. STE*PHENS, of Georgia, by unanimous
consent, presented the resolutions of the Legis-
ture of the State of Georgia, relative to certain
Indian reserves m the State of Mississippi; which
were referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
, Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask, in this connec-
tion, that the papers conncctcd with this same cub-
