1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2745
when one nation perpetrates a violation of right
against another, which, of itself, is a belligerent
act, that war is the inevitable consequence, any
more than it follows, when one gentleman says
something offensive to another, that a peremptory
challenge is a necessary result. A demand for
explanation may be necessary. There are pre-
ludes to a declaration. So it is between nations.
There may be a belligerent act performed. It
leads to negotiation, to remonstrance. When these
means fail, then the question comes, whether our
rights or our honor are involved to such an extent
as to make it imperative to go to war as a final
resort > If this violation of the freedom of the
seas were a new thing; if the assertion of the right
to search American vessels were now made for
the first or even the second time, we might not,
although treating it as a belligerent act, deem it
necessary to go to war. But when the question
has gone through half a century of dispute; when
it has reached such a point that we refuse to dis-
cuss the question of right any further; when we
have asserted that the argument is exhausted,and
that the only thing left is to resort to resistance !
if it be persevered in any further; it will not do
for us, m the face of these outrages repeated each
day. to be silent with regard to them, and procced
to legislate for the punishment of Mexico, Nic-
aragua, and other weak and feeble Powers at a
distance. The bill reported by the Senator from
Virginia would be right if it were brought forward
at a time when the aggravation came from those
countries, and not from England. I will vote for i
it. But to pass that by itself, and remain silent
with regard to these British outrages, is to con-
fess to the world that we are afraid of Great Brit-
ain,but we will maintain our courage by punish- j
incr some smaller, feebler, weaker Power. I do j
not bring forward the proposition to revive the
act of the 3d of March, 1839, as a substitute for
the bill repot ted by the Senator from Virginia, as J
he imagines. Oil the contrary, the two bills ought j
to go together. The one, which I bring forward !
is applicable to England, and to her alone. It
coveis the present quarrel between us and Eng-
land; not as a war measure, but as a peace meas-
ure. The only change that I make between that
act as I bring it forward now, and as it was in
the shape in which it originally passed, is to strike
out the words " territory in dispute," and insert
"the claim of the right of search." Then the
two cases are parallel, and the provision is as ap-
plicable to one as it is to the other.
Sir, there was one member of this body, who,
when the measure was brought in, in 1639, was
disposed to treat it as an act of war, until the great
minds of the Senate, the patriots of that day, came
forward and said: no, Great Britain is perform-
ing a belligerent act; we must resist it at all haz-
ards; if she perseveresin the wrong, then the con -
sequences be on her head for having persevered in
the wrong. Hence, you find that Clay, Calhoun,
Webster, Buchanan, and the leaders of the Sen-
ate of all parties of that day, united with entire
unanimity in conferring upon President Van
Buren the power to resist it. One man only hes-
itated. A distinguished and respected Senator
from New Jersey made the very point that is now
being made, as to its being an act of war; but a
distinguished Senator fiom Mississippi appealed
to him, after a prelum.iary vote had been taken,
and it was ascertained that the Senate were unan-
imous with one excep.ion, not to persevere in his
opposition, but allow the Senate to stand unani-
mous in the assertion of a principle upon which
ull agreed; and Mi. Southard, ill deference to the
opinion of the remaindei of the Senate, waived
his objections, and allowed the bill to pass by a
unanimous vote. Sir, did it turn out to be a meas-
ure of war then ' On the contrary, it resulted in
peace, and you were saved from a war with Great
Britain on the, northeastern boundary question,
by the unanimity of Congress, at that time, in
preparing to repel the assault, 'I he \ote in the
Senate was unanimous, and in the House of Rep-
resentatives it was 197 against 6. This unani-
mity among the American people, as manifested
i)y their representatives, saved the two countries
from war, and preserved peace between England
and the Umted'States upon that question. If the
Senate had been nearly equally divided in 1839;
if there had been but half a dozen majority for
the passage of that measure; if the vote had been
nearly divided in the House of Representatives,
England would have taken courage from the divis-
ions m our own councils; she would have pressed
her claim to a point that would have been utterly
inadmissible, and incompatible with our honor,
and war would have been the inevitable conse-
quence.
I tell you, sir, the true peace measure is that
which resents the insult and redresses the wrong
promptly upon the spot with a unanimity that
shows the nation cannot be divided. Unanimity
now, prompt action, and determined resistance to
this claim of the right of search is the best peace
measure, and the only peace measure to which
you can resort. You have said that this nation
will not submit to the right of search; every de-
partment of this Government has repeated it, all
political parties unite in the sentiment; there is
one point on which the American people are uni-
ted, and on which they have stood for half a
century. It is violated now. The question is,
whether we shall present the same unanimity in
resistance that we do in denying the right to com-
mit the outrage. Unanimity on our part, una- ||
mmity in our councils, lirm resolve, but kind and j l
respectful words will preserve peace. Sir, I de- jj
sire peace. I would lament a war with England^)#
or with any other Power, as much as any other ''
man in the Senate. Nor do 1 think that my
constituents desire war, but I believe that the
true way to prevent it is to be prepared to resist
aggression the moment it is made. What is the
argument we hear used to-day > The Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond,] who knows
that I have for him the highest respect, portrays
to us our weak, feeble, and defenseless condition;
our thousands of miles of coast; our small Navy; i
our limited resources; to show that we are not
ready for a war now. Sir, let Great Britain be-
lieve that picture, and she will be ready now lor
a war with us.
i Mr. HAMMOND. I did not speak about war
| to-day. The measure proposed by the Naval
i Committee was one recommended before this
! speck of war arose upon the horizon, and it was
I a necessary peace measure. Six out of the seven
i members of the Naval Committee thought that as
: a peace measure we should construct double the
, amount of vessels that it is proposed to build; but
I studiously avoided bringing in this question of
war in portraying our lesources to-day. I stated
; distinctly that if 1 was advocating this measure
i as a war measure, 1 should think ltTa very meager
' one; and I regret that this debate, which is on a
1 necessary peace measuie, has extended into the
' ouestion of war, which would be much more ap-
; propriate on two or three measures that are to
| come up. I would be glad if Senatoi s would avoid
the question of war with England, and let us take
] a vote upon this measure, which, whether we
I have war or peace, in my opinion, should pass, i
! Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am very grateful to the 1
Senator from South Carolina for the correction
I that he has made. 1 would not misiepresent, him, !
| and I am sorry to have misapprehended him. I
i only s.iy that I concur fully with him that the ,
; measure which he advocated is a wise and judi- ]
I cious one as a peace measure; but I think the nc-
, cessity for it is more, imperative ill consequence
; of the little specks of war that we see upon the
I horizon. I have reason to suppose so fiom the
; feet that no Senator can rise to discuss it without I
| referring to the possibility or probability of war
; with England. But, sir, I cannot join with him
m the expression of surprise or regiet that the
! discussion of the possibilities of war or ot colhs-
ion with England should have grown up upon
II the discussion of this measure. lie says it will
! all be repeated again. Very true; but it theSen-
ators who have alluded to the English question
| bad let it come up first, as the Senator from Vir-
ginia himself knows I desired to have it, and had
i let it be decided, then when the Navy bill came
' up we should know whether it was necessary to
' make provision in the Navy bill for the contin-
! geticies that might be presented by tins English
difficulty. If we could have been allowed to have
: taken up that question, and discussed the bill re-
i ported by the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and the bill that I introduced, for which thecom-
!i mittee reported theirs as a substitute, and the
j subsequent bill that I introduced, or agreed upon
i any measure to authorize the President to resist
.! the British pretension of a right of search or vis-
i' itation; then the Senate, with entire unanimity,
would have joined in the support of whatever was
necessary to carry it out; then the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Naval Affairs would
have met with no opposition; Senators who op-
pose it now would have supported it then._ I de-
sired that question to come up first. I think we
ought to lay aside the Navy bill now; we ought
to refuse to take up the Army bill until we decide
whether or not we are going to sustain the Presi-
dent in resisting this practice of the right of search.
If we are going to sustain him on that point, we
must give iiimthe means, trust him, rally around
him, strengthen his hands, support him in pro-
tecting our flag, and maintaining the honor of the
country. If, on the contrary, we are not to do
that, let us say no more about British aggressions,
no more about the right of search, 110 more in re-
gard to her shooting across the bows of our ves-
sels. Let us be silent on all these points, and
lecognize them as right, unless we are going to
resist them; and if we are to resist them, now is
the time. Present unanimity now,a unanimous
vote, as you did in 1839, give the means to the
President, and you will have no more war, and
no repetition of the right of search. Our divis-
ions are the only encouragement that Great Brit-
am has. Our vacillation, our hesitation, our ner-
vousness about the defenseless condition of our
coasts and of our cities, are the sources of en-
courageuient to England.
Sir, I repel the idea that the American coast is
so defenseless as represented. I have passed round
a great portion of the British coast, and I under-
take to assert that the American coast is in a bet-
ter condition of defense than that of Great Britain.
New York is better defended than Liverpool or
London to-day. It is easier for a fleet to enter the
harbor of Liverpool or London than New York.
There are not as many obstacles m the way in
the British cities as in the American. It is jios-
sible that a steam fleet might run by the fortifica-
tions into either. It is not probable that it would
ever escape from there if it did; but it is possible
that it might effect its escape. But, sir, I do not
believe that out- coast is more exposed than hers,
i and 1 do not believe our commerce is more ex-
! posed than hers. I do not believe England is any
; better prepared for war with us than we are with
her. 11 she has a larger navy, she has a more ex-
posed interest to protect by that navy. She has
her troubles m India; she has them at the Cape;
she has them all over the world; and her navy is
divided, and her army divided to protect them in
those detached places oil every continent, and
1 every island of the globe. Sir, the extent of her
! power spreading all around the globe is one of the
greatest sources of her weakness; and the other
fact tiiat she is a commercial nation, and we are
an agricultural people, shows that she may be
ruined, and her citizens starved, while we, al-
! though at war abroad, are happy and prosperous
I at home.
; Besides, sir, as has been intimated by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, England has given
' pledges for her good behavior oil this continent.
She is bound over to keep the peace. She has
large possessions upon this continent, of which
she could be deprived in ninety days after war ex-
isted, and she knows the moment that she engages
in war with us that moment her power upon the
American continent, anil upon the adjacent islands
ceases to exist While 1 am opposed to war;
' while 1 have no idea of any bleach of the peace
!; with England, yet, I eonH ss to you, sir, if war
should come by her act, and not ours; by her in-
' vasion of our rights, and our vindication of the
1 same; I would administer to every citizen and
1 every child Hannibal's oath of eternal hostility as
long as the English flag waved, or their Govern-
ment claimed a foot of land upon the American
; continent, or the adjacent islands. Sir, I would
make it a war that would settle our disputes for-
ever, not only of the right of search upon the seas,
but the light to tread with a hostile foot upon the
soil of the American continent or its appendages.
' England sees that these consequences would rc-
■ suit. Her statesmen understand these results as
! well as we, and much better. Her statesmen have
i: more respect for us m this particular than we have
■ for ourselves. They will never push this question
1 to the point of war. They will look you in the
!i eye, march to you steadily, as long as they find
j it is prudent, if you cast the eye down, she will
!i rush upon you. If y°u look her in the eye stead-
