1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1721
the opinion of the Second Comptroller of the Treasury,
Judge Parris, and is recognized by the appropriation act for
the Military Academy, September 16, 1850.
The Comptroller did atfirstdoubt if the words "commis-
sioned officers of the line or staff," in the act of 1838, in-
cluded the professors. Mr. Attorney General Wirt had given
the opinion that they arc not commissioned officers in the
sense of the sixty-fourth article of war to sit on courts-mar-
tial; because such courts have general jurisdiction in the
Army, and the law of 1812 provides that the<c academic staff,
as such, shall not,havecoinmandinthe Army separate from
the academy." But thisdoes not deny, and has never been
understood by the War Department to deny,that they are
commissioned officers, in the sense of other statutes, or other
clauses of the same statute ; for another Attorney General
(Berrien) decides that the officers of the general staff, not
havingrank.are notcompetent to sit on courts-martial; and
Mr. Wirt had declared the " Military Academy to be part of
the land forces of the United States,5'and subject to the
rules and articles of war, and to trial by courts-martial; and
these professors are held amenable, under those articles of
war, as commissioned officers in ail breaches of discipline,
or other offenses therein provided.
Finally, if they are commissioned officers to trials fbr of-
fenses, under the penal statute, if they are commissioned
officers of the hue or fcUttf, as recognized by law under the
act of 1838, for stronger reasons they were held to be " com-
missioned officers of the Army" in "the sense of the late act,
which expressly included storekeepers m that description,
and extended its benefits to the chaplains employed by the
councils of administration of the posts.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, BENJAMIN F. LARNED,
Paymaster General.
Hon. J. B. Floyd, Secretaryof War.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The committee
learning these facts—that these professors are held
by decisions of Attorneys General as commis-
sioned officers, and that the A rmy regulations rate
them at this increased pay—have instructed me
to report the amendment which is now pending.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether these professors at West Point
have any connection with the Army other than
by their professorship at that school?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will resume the
floor. There is no difference between the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means and
myself as to the facts of the case; but the differ-
ence between us is in regard to the proper con-
struction of the act of 21st of February, 1857,
which increased the pay of the commissioned of-
ficers of the Army. Here is the Biennial Regis-
ter—the official Register—which gives the names
of the professors at West Point, and of what they
are professors. There are professors of civil and
military engineering, of natural and experimental
philosophy, of mathematics, of drawing, of the
French language, of ethics and English studies,
(also chaplain,) of chemistry, mineralogy and ge-
ology, and of the Spanish language—in all eight.
Their pay is fixed at $2,000 per annum,each with
quarters at the academy, and, I believe, with
some longevity rations. They are subject to re-
moval by the President, and he does remove them,
I understand, at pleasure, and appoints their suc-
cessors as he does other civil officers.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The President's
powcrextends to the Army and Navy in the same
degree. The Presidenthas power to remove any
officer of the Army or Navy at pleasure.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The President
may have that power. I am not disposed to con-
trovert that; but it is not the practice to remove
such officers except in extreme cases, and then the
President merely drops them—I believe that is
the term used—and in the line of promotion fills
up the vacancy. But as I said before, these pro-
fessors get $2,000 salary and quarters, and lon-
gevity rations. By the construction of the act of
the last Congress it is now proposed to increase
their pay twenty dollars per month. I do not
think that those who brought forward, advocated,
and succeeded in passing, the act to increase the
pay of commissioned officers, supposed that they
were including the professors at that academy.
As to all the other officers and the assistant offi-
cers at that academy, they have their place in the
Sine, or in some corps, or in some branch of the
staff.
Mr. QUITMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee remarked that those who voted for in-
creasing the pay of the commissioned officers of
the Army did not, in all probability, suppose they
were including the professors at the West Point
Military Academy. I will say to him that I hap-
pened to be the person who drafted that bill; and
that the professors at that institution were in-
tended by me to be included; and 1 Would not
have used the terra " commissioned officers of the
Army" had not s.pch been the intention. In every
point of view they are commissioned officers of
the Army; they are a part of the engineer corps
of the Army, and are subject to the same laws
which govern officers of the Army.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from Mississippi if the professors have
any rank, if they are in the line of promotion, if
they are removable by court-martial, and whether
they may not be removed by the President when-
ever he sees fit?
Mr. QUITMA N. They may be removed, and
so may officers of the Army. They are subject
to court-martial; I think they have assimilated
rank in some cases, but they are not in the line
of promotion, because there are no grades in their
branch of the service. They are commissioned
by the same instrument, in the same form, that
any other officer of the Army is commissioned.
The language of the commission is precisely the
same, and the same reason applies for increasing
their pay as applies to other officers of the Army.
Their standing in every respect is like that of offi-
cers of the Army, except in respect to promotion;
and I see no reason why they should be sepa-
rated from them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have examined
the biennial Army Register, and 1 find no assim-
ilated rank, or any other rank, attaching to the
professors at that place. I find nothing in the
law which gives them any rank or command of
which thegentleman from Mississippi has spoken.
They are put down merely as professors, but
without any rank or grade.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Register is
no criterion to judge by, and especially when we
have the law before us. The question we are now
considering is not the question whether in all par-
ticulars the professors at the Military Academy
at West Point are commissioned officers. The
question is as to the intent of Congress in pro-
viding for the additional compensation of twenty
dollars per month to the commissioned officers of
the Army. Whom did Congress intend to include
in that bill ? There is but one opinion so far as I
have been able to ascertain, and that is, that it in-
cludes these officers. I have not heard a dissenting
opinion. It has been so decided by two Attorneys
General; it has been decided at the War Depart-
ment, by the Comptroller of the Treasury, where
the question was regularly raised and examined.
The question raised by my friend from Tennessee
as to whether they are, in every particular, com-
missioned officers of the Army, is not the point
at issue. The question is, whether Congress did
not intend by that act to embrace them as quasi
commissioned officers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are various
officers at that academy. Each one of them, ex-
cept those professors, is a commissioned officer of
the Army; he has his rank in some regiment, or
in some corps, and many of them who have their
position in the Armyand in the corps, are assist-
ant professors at the academy. They get thepay
and emoluments of their rank; they are subject
to the law of February 21, 1857, and are entitled
to the increased pay provided by that act. But
the professors themselves, created by law, and
appointed in pursuance of it, with a fixed salary
of $2,000, are not, as I contend, in that class of
commissioned officers of the Army, and do not
come within the provisions of the act of the last
session, increasing the pay of the commissioned
officers of the Army.
Mr. CURTIS. I had a few words to say yes-
terday upon this subject. The Military Academy
at West Point is a part of the corps of the Army
of the United States. It is a part of the engineer
corps, and every man and every officer attached
to it is, therefore, incorporated with that corps of
the Army. The professors at that place are offi-
cers of the corps of engineers. They receive their
appointments from the President of the United
States. It is for life or during good behavior.
Many of them, and most of them, are commis-
sioned officers of the United States Army, who,
before they went into the offices of professors,
were lieutenants of the engineer corps. The whole
academy, and everything connected with it, and
all its officers, are subject to the rules of the Army
and the articles of war; they are liable to be tried
by court-martial and dismissed; they can report
a cadet or any other officer, bring specifications
against him, and have him tried and dismissed.
Tliey have all the rights and duties that officers
of the Army have. The only difference is, that
they have no prospect of promotion. That is their
misfortune. It is a sacrifice which they make for
the good of their country.
But they are in the same situations a major-
general of the Army of the United States. He
cannot be promoted, and that is his misfortune.
Why? Because there is no higher office that he
could.acquire. And so with the professor at the
academy at West Point. He takes the position
of professor because he thinks that is as high aa
any office he can attain. Some of these profess-
ors have been serving for twenty, twenty-five,
and thirty years, and still retain the rank they held
at the commencement of their service. They have
not participated in the brilliant service of their
country, but they have bfeen satisfied to remain
there teaching students the rules and regulations
of the Army of the United States, and all the va-
rious duties of a soldier. If there be any officers
in the service of the United States, who serve their
country to advantage, and who really do fulfill du-
ties that are important to the Army of this coun-
try, they are the professors at the Military Acad-
emy.
It seems to me, therefore, right that they have
been recognized by the Department as commis-
sioned officers. They are so, to all intents and
purposes, except the want, perhaps, of a spread
eagle on a piece of paper or parchment, showing
that they hold the rank of colonel, or some other
military rank. The Military Academy was es-
tablished on the principle that it was a part of the
Army; its officers are incorporated in the Army,
and though they have no promotion, it is merely
becauso no such arrangement could possibly be
made in consideration of their professorships.
They are entitled to it, if promotion were possible.
For one, sir, I think it only right that they should
receive this increase of twenty dollars per month
—that they should receive the same advantages
which their peers in other sections of the Army
receive. There can be no doubt of the propriety
of their receiving the same compensation, or the
same increase of compensation, that other officers
receive. I hope, therefore, that the amendment
will be adopted. It will then justify the Depart-
ment in the position they have taken in recogniz-
ing these men as officers of the engineer corps.
This is nota mere technical question. It goes to
the merits of their position. I ask that their posi-
tion shall be recognized as officers of the Army,
and that their pay shall be increased when the pay
of other officers is increased.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, differing in the
construction which has been given to the law by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,] and
also by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Cortis,]
I take this occasion to express my views upon it.
I am of the opinion that the emolument proposed
to be given to the professors of the Military Acad-
emy at West Point, if the amendment shall pre-
vail, will not be too great. It is not upon that
ground that I oppose the amendment reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means, but it
is upon the construction of the law. This Mili-
tary Academy was established by the organization
of a corps of engineers to be stationed at West
Point, and with ten cadets under them. That was
by the act of 1802. In the subsequent act of 1812
there was provision made foran increased number
of cadets; and provision was made by that law
that the professors at the Military Academy at
West Point should be taken from the officers of
the engineer corps of the Army; and that act also
provided that those professors should receive the
pay and emoluments of certain officers in the
Army—it gave them assimilated rank. Subse-
quent legislation of Congress has provided that
the officers and professors of the Military Acad-
emy may be taken from persons in civil life; and
if my information is correct, none of the profes-
sors at the Military Academy at West Point now
hold commissions in the Army, and several of
them have been appointed from civil life. At the
last Congress, you added to the number of pro-
fessorships at West Point, a professorship of the
Spanish language. The gentleman who was in
the discharge of the duties of master of the sword
at West Point has received the appointment of
professor of Spanish. The professor of French
has never been in the Army, nor has the profes-
sor of drawing.
Mr. QUITMAN. Allow me to make one re-
