2746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
ily, she will shake hands with you as friends, and
have respect for you.
Mr. HAMMOND. Suppose she does not?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Suppose she does not, my
friend from South Carolina asks me. If she does
not, then we will appeal to the God of battles; we
will arouse the patriotism of the American nation;
we w.ll blot out all distinctions of party; and the
voice of faction will be hushed; the American peo-
ple will be a unit; none but the voice of patriotism
will be heard; and from the North and the South,
from the East and the West, we will come up as
a band of brothers, animated by a common spirit
and a common patriotism, as were our fathers of
the Revolution, to repel the foreign enemy, and
afterwards differ as we please, and discuss at our
leisure matters of domestic dispute. Sir, I am
willing to suppose the case which is suggested
hy the Senator from South Carolina. Suppose
England does not respect our rights, to fight her
now 
Mr. HAMMOND. I said, suppose England
would not submit to be bullied.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Who proposes to bully Eng-
land ?
Mr. HAMMOND. I understood the Senator
to eay that jf we looked down she would rush on
us; but if we looked up she would give way. 1
coiusider that bullying.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Precisely; that is the case of
a bully, always. He will fix his eve on his an-
tagonist, and see if it is steady. If it is not, he
will approach a little nearer. If it is, he stops;
but if his eye sinks, he rushes on him; and that
is the parallel in which I put England, playing
the bully with us. The question is, whether we
will look her steadily in the eye and maintain our
l ights against her aggressions ? We do not wish
to bully England. She is resisting no claim of
ours. She sets up the claim to search our vessel4?,
stop them on the high seas, invade our rights, and
we say to her that we will notsubmit to that ag-
gression. I would ask to have the United States
act upon the defensive in all things, make no
threat, indulge in no bullying, but simply assert
our right, then maintain the assertion with what-
ever power may be necessary and the God of our
fathers may have imparled to us for maintaining
it, that is all. 1 believe that is the true course to
peace. I repeat, that if war with England comes,
it will result from our vacillation, ourdivision, our
hesitation, our apprehensions lest we might be
whipped in the fight. Perhaps we might. I do
not believe it. 1 believe the moment England de-
clares war against the United States, the prestige
of her power is gone. It will unite our own people;
it will give us the sympathy of t he wot Id; it will
destroy her com me ice and her manufactures, while
it will extend our own. It will sink her to a sec-
ond-rate Power upon the face of the <;lobe, and
leave us without a rival who can dispute our su-
premacy. We shall, however, come to that point
early, through the paths of peace. Such is the
tendency of things now. I would rather approach
it by peaceable, quiet means, by the arts and sci-
ences, by agriculture, by commerce, by immigra-
tion, by natural growth and expansion, than by
warfare. But, if England is impatient of our ris-
ing power, if she desires to hasten it, and should
force war upon us, she will seal her doom now,
whereas, Providence might extend to her, if not
a pardon, at leasta reprieve for a few shoit years
to come.
I repeat, again, that I am for peace, and not for
war. I have proposed no proposition except with
a view to peace. I believe that the power I desire
to intrust in the hands of the Piesident is advis-
able, and necessary for peace, and the friends of
pcace should lally, as a unit, and give him that
power, I am willing to trust him with the very
power, in the precise terms, and for the same
object for which he and his compatriots, m 1839,
intrusted it to President Van Buren.
Mr. HAMMOND. I regtet very much the
turn this debate has taken. There are two or
three propositions before the Senate to which it
would have been more appropriate. The question
now, however, is not war or peace with England,
but the voting of a small increase of our Navy,
required for our peace establishment. When the
question of war comes up, Senators can express
their views upon it directly. I will only say, for
myself, as I have said before, that while 1 do not
wish to have any part in provoking a war, while
I feel we have just cause for war, unless what has
been done be satisfactorily accounted for, I do not
think the proper way to make war is by violent
speeches or gassy resolutions. I am not willing
to take one step towards a war that I would ever
retreat from. I will vote for no gasconading res-
olutions, and support no war speeches, to alarm
so great a nation as England, or to -alarm any-
body. I think the weakest, and silliest, and the
most unsuccessful calculation in the world is to
count upon alarming or bullying your antagonist.
Sir, I will not move an inch in that direction; but,
so for as I go, and so far, I hope, as Congress
goes, we will maintain our position to the last,
and will go no further, in speech or in measure,
than we intend to risk all upon; but at this mo-
ment the question is upon these ships, and I hope
Senators will confine themselves to that question,
and avoid the discussion upon war, and take the
vote at once on the pending question. It is late.
We can'settle the whole matter in twenty minutes;
and when the bill of the Senator from Illinois, or
the resolutions of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, come up, we can then repeat, as will be
re/catcd5 all the speeches upon the war business.
lyMr. GREEN. I wish to give notice that at
the proper time I shall offer an amendment, and
I wish to present it now, so as to indicate to the
Senate questions that may come up which may
influence the vote on the pending question. I
think it proper to notify Senators in advance of
these other questions, and I do not say this to
consume any time, for I am as much opposed to
the consumption of tune as anybody else. My
amendment is:
Sec.—. *dnd be it further enacted, That if, after the
flaguuit commission of outinges on our citizen* by other
Powers, the PieMdout deem it necessary and important for
the protection of our citizens, nights, and eornmeicc,or tor
speedv ledums of >uch wrongs, he ^ha)l be authorized and
empowcied To grant and l^ue letteis of marque and lepu-
eal to American vc>sels, to continue until the meeting of
Coiigiv-s next thereafter; and he shall then inform t'on-
gie&>. of all the lads that induced his action in thatreguid.
I give notice of that for this reason: we are
now considering the subject of the increase of the
Navy. The great strength, the great power of
the marine of the United States, consists in the
merchant marine. It is for their protection that
we have a Navy, and also for the vindication of
our own honor. That merchant marine m four
weeks can have an armament upon it, which in
force and efficiency will make it an overmatch for
any Power on the globe. But while 1 know that
to be true, 1 would not have the President invested
with a dangerous power, and hence I have thrown
guards mound it. In the language of this section,
it must be a case of flagrant wrong, it must be
upon the commerce of the United States, it must
not be internal to the nation, it must be foreign
in its character, it must be imminent in its nature,
and redress must be required for the protection
of rights. If in such a case we should not have
Navy enough, and power afloat sufficient to pro-
tect your constituents and mine, who have rights
and lives floating upon the ocean, the great high-
way of nations, and we can by the issuance of
letters of marque and reprisal, command sufficient
forcc to effectuate this great end, I desire to give
the President the power. It is a power of pro-
tection, a power of defense, a power for the ben-
efit of all. And yet, lest there might be danger
of an abuse of the power, this section says it
shall only continue until the next meeting of Con-
gress, leaving it for Congress then to continue it
or not, and requiring the President then to com-
municate to Congress all the reasons that induced
lnm to issue those letters of marque and reprisal.
1 ask you, sir; I ask Senators; and I ask the
country, where is the difference between war con-
ducted by privateers and war conducted by na-
tional naval vessels? If yonrPresidentcan com-
mand them in the one case, is there not as much
danger in it as if he commanded them m the other ?
At the great congress of nations at Pans, when
Russia and France and England undertook to
ij settle great questions affecting the diplomatic rela-
i tionsof the world, it was proposed that all should
:i relinquish the right of privateering; but we had
j j a Secretary of State who had the ability, the man-
liness, the intellect, the patriotism, and the power
II to oppose and defeat it; for our power consists in
i| the merchant marine.
jl Mr. KENNEDY. I move that the Senate ad-
!i jouin
Mr. GREEN I have not got through.
Mr. KENNEDY. I thought you had done.
Mr. GREEN. I am not half done. As Paul
Jones said, when he was asked to surrender, " I
have just commenced to fight."
Mr. KENNEDY. If the Senator from Mis-
souri has just begun the fight, as it is now half
past six oMock, I think we had better adjourn.
Mr. GREEN. I cannot yield to an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. KENNEDY. We shall have to have gas
light presently.
Mr. GREEN. I have no gas to expend, and I
have but a few words more to say.
Mr. POLK. With the permission of my col-
league, I wish to say a word in this connection.
Before the Senate adjourns, I desire to have an
executive session for the purpose of making a
motion, of which I gave notice on Saturday in
executive session.
Mr. GREEN and Mr. STUART. That is not
necessary.
Mr. POLK. The time does not expire except
in executive session.
Mr. GREEN and others. That is understood.
Mr. POLK. Then I shall take that to be the
understanding; of the Senate.
Mr. KENNEDY. Is it in order to move an
adjournment?
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. Not unless the
Senator from Missouri yields the floor.
Mr. GREEN. I cannot yield it; because I de-
sire to have the bill disposed of to-night, and I did
not take the floor to consume time; but I really
think that, if we need an additional naval force,
to be at the command of the President whenever
an extreme necessity may arise, the single sec-
tion I have drawn up will afford all that service
to him without any of these extraordinary ex-
penses, and be more effective. I propose to au-
thorize him to grant letters of marque and reprisal
whenever the occasion may justify it, leaving him
responsible for the exercise of the power, and
making it his duty to report his action to Con-
gress at the next session. I shall notgo into this
war question. I take it for granted that we are
all alike. We may differ about terms and phrase-
ology; but we are one people; we are united; and
when the time comes, we shall stand together,
terrible as an army with banners."
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] to the amendment of
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. KENNEDY called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to make a few remarks
in reply to the speech of the Senator from Illinois,
who argued with much zeal for unanimity in the
country, unanimity in Congress, unanimity m the
Senate. If he would wait'until he got an answer
from England, he would probably have unanim-
ity. If England avows that she asserts the right
to seaich American vessels on the high seas, that
Senator will not alone be foremost amongst those
who are ready to vindicate our flag. If on the
other hand England should declare that her offi-
cers had acted without her orders, and should
abandon the right to search American vessels on
the high seas, what becomes of the Senator's war
speech? Brxtiwnfulmen. There are two parties
to which I never have belonged and never intend
to belong—the war party in peace, and the peace
party in war. I have no idea of proclaiming war
when the world is covered with peace, peace to
us and all of ours. I have no idea of getting up
a war fever in the country for the mere purpose
of declamation in the Senate.
But the Senator from Illinois, with a view to
encourage us to unanimity, assures us that if we
will only stand firm and will not show that we
arc going to back out, England will back out.
The bold words of the Senator sufficiently con-
vince us that he is not alarmed. Then why does
he assume that others are ? I know not anybody
that is scared, and some like myself believe there
is not a great deal of danger.
But, sir, what is the proposition on which the
| Senator makes his war speech, invoking us to
1 prepare for war as the best means of preserving
m peace? Twenty gun-boats—twenty little gun-
boats, to go and take the police of the high seas,
