1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
Office and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
authorizing the Postmaster General to revise and
adjust the accounts of Harris & Morgan on prin-
ciples of equity and justice; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
JOHN P. CANNON.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri, from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill
for the relief of John F. Cannon; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
REIMBURSEMENT OF MONEY.
Mr. GOODE, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to reimburse the
Corporation of Georgetown, in the District of Co-
lumbia, a sum of money advanced towards the
construction of the Little Palls bridge; which was
read a first and second time, referred to (lie Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the report, ordered to bo printed.
J. W. NYE.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported a bill
to provide for the payment of the claim of J. W.
Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy, jr., and Hugh
Stewart; which was read a fust and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report, ordered to be printed.
MARY ETT VAN BUSKIRK.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill
or the relief of Mary ett Vail liuskirk; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
unanimous report on principal, and majority re-
port on interest, ordered to be printed.
GENERAL CHURCHILL.
Mr. Q.UITMAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the
relief of General Sylvester Churchill; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
TEXAS BOUNDARY LINE.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, from the Com-
mittee on Territories, reported back House bill
(No. 152) to authorize the President of the United
States, in conjunction with the State of Texas,
to run and mark the boundary line between the
territories of the United States and the State of
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If there be no
objection, I ask that the bill may be acted on im-
mediately.
The bill was read. It provides for the neces-
sary details of running ana marking the boundary
line between the territories of the United States
and the State of Texas, and makes an appropri-
ation of $80,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for that purpose.
Mr. MORGAN. Is there a report accompany-
ing the bill?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There is no
written report.
Mr. MORGAN. Is this a unanimous report
of the committee r
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is. Texas
has appointed acommission tojoinsuch commis-
sion as this Government may appoint to make
this survey of a boundary line.
Mr. MORGAN. Is the boundary marked out
in the bill the boundary of the Texas bill ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, the bill was
read a third time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I should like to have time
to examine into tins matter, and to learn whether
this proposed line is in accordance with the treaty
line.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Which treaty ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I mean the resolutions of
annexation.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The western
line is the Rio Grande; and the other part of the
bill is taken from the law definingthe boundaries
of Texas. *
Mr. LOYEJOY. Why cannot we have a little
time to look into this matter, instead of putting
the bill upon its passage in the instant?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have no ob-
' jection. It will take but a moment to examine it.
' Texas has already appointed her commissioners,
and the sooner we pass the bill the better.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr. Speaker, I will say a
word on this subject for the satisfaction of gentle-
men who desire to know the facts. Some four or
five years ago, the Legislature of Texas passed a
joint resolution instructing the members of Con-
gress from that State to secure the passage of a
law authorizing the appointment of commission-
ers to define and mark the exterior boundaries
of Texas. Subsequently, the Legislature twice
passed a law making an appropriation and provis-
ion for such a commission on its part, to act m con-
junction with a commission to be appointed by
the Federal Government, to run and mark this
boundary line; not to change any boundaries.
The question has become one of great interest
to the people of Texas in this point of view: They
are going out upon our borders and locating their
land certificates. Doubts have arisen in the minds
of some of our people whether they have not
crossed over the boundary line, and located their
certificates upon territory outside of the true
i boundary ofTexas. It is to obviate the difficulties
! originating from this want of information that this
bill has been introduced to secure the appointment
of a commission to run and mark the boundary,
so that the citizens of Texas may know when
j they are in and when out of that State.
i The bill copies the boundaries from the com-
j promise bill of 1850, beginning where the one
hundredth degree of west longitude crosses Red
! river, running with the boundary as fixed up to
' 36° 30', west to the one hundred and third par-
allel, south to the thirty-second degree, and west
to the Rio Grande. The bill, in tins respect, is
a copy of the boundaries as defined m the com-
promise measure of 1850. There is no change
of boundaries proposed. The only object is to
have the boundaries ofTexas marked, so that
our citizens may know when they are in and when
outfcof that State.
There are other points of view in which this
measure is important, outside of the points I have
referred to. These boundaries separate Texas
from the Indian reservation. The Government
has already appointed a commission to run the
boundaries of the reservation, separating it from
the Chickasaw and Choctaw territories, and upon
which it is proposed to locate the roving tribes of
Indians in the territory of Texas, and north of
Texas in the territories south of the Arkansas
river. As the Government has appointed a com-
mission to establish the boundaries of this Indian
reservation, the western boundary of which is the
eastern boundary of the northern part ofTexas,
it is desired by the State ofTexas that when this
boundary is run the State shall participate with
the Federal Government in determining the line,
so that there may be no disputes hereafter. If
this bill be passed before that commission has ex-
ecuted its work it will prevent a second running
of that line. If that commission should go on and
run the boundary, and then the boundary of
Texas should be defined, it will involve a double
expense to the Federal Government and delay to
Texas.
It is, I will repeat, a matter of gieat interest to
Texas to have this boundary commission ap-
pointed at once. It is also a matter of concern
to the Union, because it is to define the. western
boundary of the Indian reservation; and it is im-
portant in reference to our Indian affairs in that
region that the boundary there should be estab-
lished without delay.
It is not only important to settle, at an early
day, these questions of boundary, but to do so
will be a saving of expense; for only one com-
mission will be necessary, when otherwise two
will be demanded.
I hope gentlemen will consent to the passage
of this hill. It proposes no change of boundaries.
It is a literal copy, so far as the boundaries are
specified, of the compromise measures of 1850.
Mr. LOYEJOY. It is to ascertain and mark
the line between fixed termini.
Mr. REAGAN. That is all. It is to run and
mark a boundary already fixed and defined.
Mr. LEACH. I do not rise to object to this
bill, but simply to inquire whether I misunder-
stand the Clerk's reading of it? If I understand
rightly, the bill appropriates $80,000 to defray the
expenses of running these boundaries. I would
ask the chairman of the committee whether any-
thing like that amount of expense is necessary?
It seems to me to be large. The commiittee, 1 have
no doubt, have investigated the matter, and are
prepared to give us the truth in regard to it.
Mr. .REAGAN. I will make a statement,and
then the chairman of the committee can answer,
if he desires. I know not how far the committee
have investigated this matter. I have myself
made some inquiries in reference to the expense
of running other boundary lines; and, from the
information given me by the Department in refer-
ence to other boundary lines, I thought it proper
to name this amount. It is, however, less in pro-
portion to the length of the line than th  amount
appropriated for the running of other lines. I do
not know that the whole amount will be neces-
sary, but the importance of an early establish-
ment of a line induced me to ask a sufficient ap-
propriation to secure the running of a line.
Mr. LEACH. How long is the line ?
Mr. REAGAN. Eight hundred miles.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will state,
from investigations I made upon this subject, that
a less amount was paid for similar services else-
where. But only so much of this sujn as will ba
necessary will be applied.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understood the gentleman
from Georgia to say, in reply to the question pro-
pounded by the gentleman from New York, that
this report was the unanimous report of the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. That they investigated it,
and agreed in the report?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Yes, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. I shall vote for it.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANDREW LON0ABOUGH.
Mr. JEWETT, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report in the case of
Andrew Longabough, an applicant for an invalid
pension; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
DAVID MOORE.
Mr. JEWETT, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, asked that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
David Moore for bounty land, and that the same
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
It was so ordered.
GEORGE W. GRAVES AND OTHERS.
Mr. JEWETT, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, asked that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
George W. Graves, Sally Walker, and Solomon
Fitch, praying relief from the decision of the
Commissioner of Pensions in their land bounty
claims, and praying that the act of March 3,1855,
and the amended act of May 14,1856, may be ex-
tended to them; and that the same be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
It was so ordered.
MARY BOYLE.
Mr. CHAFFEE, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Mary
Boyle; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
the report and bill ordered to be printed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The call of committees being finished,
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
order from the State of New York, and that the
following resolution, offered by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Bennett,] was pending
when the States were last called for resolutions;
Resolved, That a select committee of he appointed
by the Speaker to take into consideration all such pnutions
and matters relating to the construction of roads, railroads,
and telegraph lines to the Pacific ocean, a? shall be referred
to them by the House.
And that the pending question was a motion td
