1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2747
and compel England to abandon her pretensions
on blue water—little things, that hardly dare to
go out of sight of land; useful, perhaps, for some
purposes of sea-coastand harbor defense, and for
all that inner navigation in which our country is
so rich, whether in Puget Sound or the inner
channel between Mobile and New Orleans, or
from the St. John's river up to the Savannah, or
at other places—very useful, and readily built. I
am not disposed, in a remote contingency of a
war, to build vessels, in order that they may decay
and become useless before they are needed. The
number we require for the police of the seas in
peace I am willing to keep; for the rest, I prefer
to make preparations which will enable us, on
short notice, to put the country on a war footing,
so far as its Navy is concerned. I prefer to make
engines rather than vessels, to collect timber rather
than to put it together. Green timber made ships
with which some of the most glorious battles of
the war of 1815 were fought. Since then the steam
marine has, to a great extent, taken the place of
the sailing marine; and steamships now consti-
tute the best preparation we can make for war.
•Steamships, guns, shot, shells, powder—these
are what we want.
The Senator refers to the specks of war in the
horizon. Roared in a climate which appioaches
the tropical, I have been too accustomed to flying
clouds to find in each the portent of a storm. It
is not every little collision that may occur on the
high seas which means war between two Powers
tied together by their commercial relations to
such an extent that neither Government can de-
sire war with the other. It may be that we may
drift into a war with England, without either
Government intending it; it may be that indig-
nities may be offered which cannot be suffi'Mently
atoned for by apology, and may require blood to
be shod between these two great Powers. When
it comes, it will be the war of the giants; and if
the mountains are not upheaved fiom the seas,
the face of the ocean will be furrowed all over.
Are twenty gun-boats to carry on a war like that ?
—twenty little gun-boats to war on the great navy
of Great Britain. I am sure the Senator who
moves this amendment cannot have looked upon
it as a war measure. I am sure no Senator who
hears me can consider it anything else than a little
means for keeping the police of our coast, and,
in the event of war, guarding our mner channels
of navigation, and our harbors that cannot be
approached by greater vessels.
i love the flag of my country too well to trust
its honor to a little gun-boat. "When I send a
vessel upon the high seas, there to maintain the
honor and the name of the United States, I would
send her with the tonnase and the metal to con-
front any enemy, and to maintain her position
"W ifhout fear of disgrace. Those poor little tilings,
if they ever ventured to brave the elements, would
.sink to the fathomless depths of the sea, ifa sin-
gle shell by a duect fire were dropped upon their
<}eek from the upper tier of an armed vessel.
There weie three wise men of Gotham that went
to sea in a bowl, and if that mighty army of mi-
litia that the Senator proposes to raise were to be
sent to sea in these gun-boats, I fancy he would
find the descendants of those three wise Gotham-
ltesj and nobody else, would go in gun-boats to the
sea.
As to the state of p-nparation of our country, it
is not complete, and never will be. 1 hope we
shall never maintain ri peace a navy large enough
for the purposes of war, and I hope we never&hall
in peace maintain an army large enough for the
purposes of war. Oui fortifications are not so poor
as liave been described; and even in their present
unfinished condition, they mightdefy any fleet that
oould be sent across the Atlantic to come into the
harbor of New York. The anchorage might be
commanded: the port might be blockaded; hut
the city could not be taken. If an enemy's fleet
should attempt to enter the harbor of Charleston,
Fort Sumpter, with her threatening brow now
mounted with many eans, will form a very diiier-
cnt defense from tlie little old fort of Moultrie that
tried the cou>age of the British fleet on a former
occasion. Moultrie was on an inner navigation;
SumptPf stands out in the watei ,biistlmg on every
side like a hedgehog; rnd woe be to the fleet that
a'tempts to sail under her guns; such, at least, is
my conviction. And Boston harbor, too, since ;
she lias been threatened, has probably the strong- i
est work ever erected on this continent, and the
armament of which may be placed in at anytime;
and woe be to the fleet that attempts that harbor.
We have gone on, not very rapidly, it is true, but
steadily, in the increase of the guns that consti-
tute the armament of the fortifications, as well as
field defenses, in the manufacture of small arms,
in the collection of material, the manufacture of
powder, of shot, and of shell; and we may well
say the country was never before in so good a state
to go to war as now, whether wc look at it in re-
lation to our military preparation, in relation to
our population and the vast resources of the coun-
try; or whether we look at it in the mere aspect of
the fortifications that have been erected to guard
our important cities and harbors. I do not see
that anybody ought to be scared. I think the Sen-
ator's speech was a little out of place. The peo-
ple are not scared. Moreover, I think they are
in no danger; and, if they were convinced that
they were threatened by a bully who would only
attack them in the belief that they might be in-
timidated, I do not believe there is such danger
from assaults of that kind as would make even
weak nerves to quail. At the beginning of a war
we should suffer reverses; our commerce would
almost be swept from the sea, for our Navy is not
large enough to protect it.
But the Senator's gun-boats were to be used in
catching merchantmen of the enemy. What
would the merchantmen of the enemy come into
our ports for in time of war ? It is the last place into
which they would go then; and, as his gun-boats
could not leave the coast, the enemy's commerce
would be rather free from their attacks. I am not,
myself, much disposed to vote for gun-boats. They
brought the great intellect, known as the apostle
of Democracy, into contempt; and, though they
may be improved, though they may be made
larger, though they may be made steam-propellers,
though they may put on heavier guns, still they
are miserable things for any purpose except the
defense of such harbors of shallow diau°;ht as
cunnot be attacked by an enemy's iWt. Where a
bar presents an obstacle to sea-gvoing vessels, the
gun-boats would be very elective against launches
that might be sent from th* fleet. These are the
exceptional cases. Small iron steamers, plying
along our inner lines of navigation, we shall want
in time of war. If we have engines and material
collected beforehand, in less tune than Perry's
fleet was built we can put them together and have
this little iron manne plying on our inner lines of
navigation. I do not look on it, therefore, as
necessary to prepare for war; neither have I any
disposition to build vessels that wc may send thern
to the China seas. Our policy is continental, do*-
mestic. We have no colonies, and we want none.
We have no purpose to force our commerce on
any people. We invite their commerce to us, and
are ready to exchange with them. Having no
such pmpo.^c, I know of no use we can have for
a steamer in the China seas. The small vessels
which have been referred to, may answer very well
m the Chinese and some other seas into which
Great Britain sends a navy, but they would not
answer along the Atlantic coast. That rock-bound
coast and stormy sea would never suit vessels of
such shallow draught. We should be but pre-
paring the way to the wreck of our own vessels
and the loss of our own seamen, and, if su-di be
the purpose, I am opposed to it. I am opposed
to putting them outside the coast of Vn^mia, or
jNorth Carolina, or anywhere noith of that. I
rose, however, rather to reply to those remaiks
of the Senator from Illinois which seemed to be
of a war character; and my great object was to
say, that I shall be for war when we get an an-
swer from Great Britain that justifies it, and I am
not for war when I expect that we shall have no
occasion for anything but peace.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Missis-
sippi seems to be under a strange misapprehension.
Fie speaks of my having made a war speech.
Why, sir, I did not introduce the subject. Va-
rious Senators treated these measures as war
nieasures and discussed the question of war be-
foie I uttered a word. The remarks I made, to
which the Senator from Mississippi alludes, were
principally in reply to the Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Mason*]—not upon the measure proposed by
the Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Clixgmant]
for the gun-boats, but m reply to the topics brought
into debate by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator will pardon me. It
was not his last speech only that I heard, for I
pay so much attention to him that I recollect more
than one speech of his. He spoke before to-day;
and I thought his proposition was to have fifty
gun-boats to catch the commerce that came into
our ports.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am gratified to find that the
Senator from Mississippi pays so much attention
to the speeches that I make. I have no doubt he
will profit by them: and, as I am in the habit of
paying attention to his, I have no doubt that is
the reason we are both so well informed on all
subjects that come up in the body. [Laughter.]
As to my proposition for fifty gun-boats instead
of twenty, I have only to say that { prefer the
larger number; and with all the respect I have for
the Senator from Mississippi and his superior
knowledge on all matters of military defense, I
must be permitted to entertain doubts whether he
is correct in this particular. As to the usefulness
of those vessels called gun-boats, the experience
of the last few years shows that a gun-boat can
wander from the Carolina coast, and can venture
to sea. England constructed immense numbers
of them expressly for the Black sea and the Bal-
tic duiing the Russian war; and she used them
with great effect. She used them in the Gulf of
Finland and at Sweaborg. They were built ex-
pressly for that sei vice, and had to go three thou-
sand miles to get to the Black sea, and nearly two
thousand to get into the Gulf of Finland. Eng-
land has sent them to the West Indies; and the
very outrages of which we now complain are being
perpetrated by gun-boats. The Forward, that
seized our vessels five hundred miles east of the
Island of Cuba, on the hi h seas, is a gun-boat.
The Buzzard, that seized our vessels one thou-
sand miles fiom Cuba, off in the Atlantic ocean,
is a gun-boat. All the vessels England is using
now, for the annoyance ofourcommetce, are gun-
boats—that very despised little craft which the
Senator from Mississippi thinks will never ven-
ture out from shore. I think that if a gun-boat
is powerful enough to stop our merchantmen on
the high seas, search th<nu,and take them into
port, or do what she pleases with them, such ves-
sels will be efficient enough in time of war torus
to annoy the enemy's commence with. I think
daily experience proves that these gun-boats are
efficient not only m the defense of harbors, in run-
ning into the mouihs of riveis and shallow bays,
but in annoying the enemy's commerce, as they
are being used by England for that very purpose
at this time. But, Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. Before the Senator leaves that
point, I wish to correct what I think is a misappre-
hension on his part. The small vessels of which
he speaks are not all gun-boats: some of them are,
and these are just hugging the shores of Cuba,
where they have coal depots to supply them as
they get out. As the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affans said this morning, wc have no-
where on the face of the globe a coal depot; there-
fore we cannot send them out.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am surprised again at my
friend from Mississippi. He has not paid that
attention to the transactions in the Gulf and the
West Indies that he usually does to such matters.
It so happens that the only one of the vessels of
Great Britain that have been perpetrating these
outrages on our commerce, which has hovered
around the coast of Cuba, is not a gun-boat, but
a small side-wheel steamer—the Styx.
Mr. DAVIS. What is she>
Mr. MALLORY. A side-wheel steamer, of
about twelve hundred tons, and six guns. If my
friend from Illinois will allow me, I will settle
this question about gun-boats. I have the official
report as to the first, second, third, and fourth
class gun-boats. Now, as to the first class:
'• Ttie lanjcfit ofthese vessels* are three-ma^d tschooner*
oT fine models, two hundred tons, and tluve bundled and
M'tv leet long, with engmus of thiee bundled and fiftv horse
power, and >team lrom ten to eleven and a half knots.
Tney have a eiew of one handled men, and then aunn-
nient eonMst- of two sixty tights', one between the tme.-
in.i-t ;<ed mainmast and one ou the forecastle, ord lour
thnty-iuois, eani.i^e guns."
iUr. DOUGLAS. 1 was going to remark that
the gun-boats Forward and Buzzard, wluch have
been perpetrating outrages on our commerce, did
so at sea, while the steamer Styx kppt near shore.
The gun-boats were a thousand miles fioin Cuba,
on the ocean. The Biitish gun-boats range from
