1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2749
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Insert after line tifty-eight:
That the Secretary of the Navy cause to be constructed,
as speedily as may be consistent with the public interests,
five steam screw sloops of-war, with full steam power,
whose greatest draught of water in active service shall not
exceed twelve feet, and four steam screw &loops-of war,
with lull steam power, who«.e greatest draught of water m
active service shall not exceed fourteen feet, which ships
shall combine the heaviest armament and greatest speed
compatible with their charactcr and tonnage; and one side-
wheel war steamer, whose greatest draught shall not exceed
eight feet, armed, and provided for service m the China
seas ; and that there be, and is hereby, appropriated, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretarj of the Navy,
for the puipose above specified, the sum of $1,900,000, out
of any money in the Trea-stuy not otherwise appropriated.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler,
Brown, Clmgrnan, Crittenden, Douglas, Fitch, Ivei^on,
Kennedv. Malloiy, !\Ia-on. Peaice, lleid, Sebastian, Sim-
mon-*, VViNou, and Wright-—90.
NAYS—Mes«is. Broderick, Cameron, Collamer, Davis,
Dixon, Doohttle, Fe^enden, Fitzpntrick, Fo-tcr, Gteen,
Hale, Iiamlm, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, King, Polk, Pugh, Rice, Stuart,
Toombs, Trumbull, and Yulee—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. I now move a portion of
the same amendment as a distinct proposition for
five sloops of war instead of ten.
Mr. HALE. I do not raise a question of order; ;
but I would suggest that the usual mode is to go j
through with the amendments of the committee j
before individual amendments are offered, and the ]
Committee on Naval Affairs have not proposed !
any such amendment. ;
Mr. MALLORY. I have other amendments ;
from the committee. I shall offer this in the Sen- 1
ate again. The next amendment of the commit- j
tee is to come in on line one hundred and six, on j
page 5: j
That the pav of the puiser at each of the navy-yards at ;
I'oiturnouth, New Hampi-lme, and Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, t-hall heieafter be at the utre paid to pursers at the
oilier navy->aids m the United States.
Mr. POLK. I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs if that increases the com-
pensation? I suppose it does.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the Senate that
by some legislation, to me unknown, some years
ago, a distinction was made between pursers at
our navy-yards. There is no distinction, or very
little, in the duty they perform, and the proposi-
tion is to equalize the pay at the different yards.
Mr. FOLK. Equalize them by raising them?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir. It puts them alt
on an equality hereafter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, if it could not be equalized by reducing the
others, so as to conform to these two?
Mr. MALLORY. If the honorable Senator
knew what the salary was, and the duties to be
discharged, I presume he would not propose to
reduce them, and the committee is not in favor of
that proposition. I do not think the Senator would
advocate a reduction of these salaries.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have never known an
equalization to take place in the way I suggested,
and 1 wanted to know if it was practicable to get
the salaries equal, by reducing the higher ones so
as to conform to the lower. I wanted to see if
we could make this rule once work both ways.
Mr. KENNEDY. I should like to understand
what are the salaries of the various officers of the
Navy of the United States. When I come to com- j
pate them with those of the officers of the Army, :
it strikes me that they are below them. I have j
no idea upon what piinciple of justice such a dis-
tinction has been founded; and therefore I should
like to ask the chairman of the Naval Committee
if iie can explain why it is that officers perform-
in"1 in the Navy the same grade of duty as officers |
ofthe Army are receiving much less, in some in- j
stances not more than half, the Army pay? I !
was struck with that on looking over the Navy !
list the other day. I may be wrong, but I should j
like to be informed. j
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to know of the :
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, !
whether his amendment does not carry all the
pursers in the navy-yards up to the salary paid
to the one in San Francisco, California5
Mr. MALLORY. The pay of pursers at the
navy-yards was fixed by the act of 1842,1 think,
when the distinction was made. The pursers of
the navy-yards at Boston, New York, Norfolk,
Washington, and Pensacola get $2,500; the pur-
sers of the navy-yards at Portsmouth and Phila-
delphia get but $2,000. There was a distinction
of $500 made—wherefore I never could perceive—
before I came to the Senate, in favor of Pensacola
and the other navy-yards, and against Philadel-
phia and Portsmouth.
Mr. TOOMBS. Can the Senator tell me what
is the pay of the purser at San Francisco?
Mr. MALLORY. I do not remember. The
pay at San Francisco was placed upon a larger
scale.
Mr. TOOMBS. So I say.
Mr. MALLORY. The commander there re- [
ceived the pay of a captain, and there was no
purser there that I know of. The navy agent was j
doing purser's duty. I never heard that there i
was a purser there. '
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the effect of this amend- I
ment would be to put all these offices on thatba- j
sis; but there is no evidence that <2.000 is not j
enough. As was said by the Senator from Illi-
nois very appositely, we have been acting all the
while on the idea of equalizing salaries by rais-
ing them. I think the Naval Committee would
do" much better in these times, at least, if they
would propose equality by cuttingdown and pay-
ing them all at $3,000. If the committee wants
equality, bring them to $2,000, and I will vote for
that proposition, unless they can show us that ;
$2,500 is necessary at these other places. We j
are without the least information, except that we ;
are told it is proposed to make them equal by ,
putting them up I will go with the Senator from !
Illinois and others to make them equal by putting ;
them down. It does not appear that $2,000 is j
not enough anywhere. I hope the amendment !
will not pass, unWs the chairman alters it, and
proposes to put Portsmouth and Philadelphia on j
an equality with the others, and I will vote for i
that. _ !
All this system of putting captains and other !
people at navy-yards, and giving them extra pay, j
is an enormous abuse, a fraudulent abuse. It is
a great deal better for a captain to come here to ;
this navy-yaid and be waited on and have a
house, than it is to <ro to Georgetown and hire his .j
own, for they give him ^1,000 more pay and find i.
him all these things; and if he comes to George-
town or tins city,"he gets $2,000 less money than ,
if stationed at a navy-yaid, and no conveniences. ,
Itis a mere piece of favoutism. They ought not j
to get one dollar more on duty than off duty. If |
they are in the public service they ought to do
duty when the public warn it. This system is an !
inconvenience, a great evil, social and pecuniary.
You take two captains who come from sea, and ;
put one at the Washington navy-yard, and turn :
one looso,and he rents his own house, and pays |
eight hundred or one thousand dollars for it, and !
all ins own expenses. The one at the navy-yard !
will come to the Naval Committee, or somebody !
who has influence at the Navy Department, to ,
get him a place; and you not oniy pay him extra, '
but you double the expenses of the man you 1
leave out. The whole system is wrong. As for
gtvinga purser m the navy-yard more than a pur-
ser in Washington city, it is a mistake. \ ou
have not one hundred people to pay at one of
those navy-yards. You have not five hundred at
the Washington yard. It cannot he five hours'
duty every three months that he would have to do.
Mr. HALE. There has been very singular le-
gislation about this subject. I speak m reference j
to the navy-yard in my own State; for the law i
happens to be so at this moment that, while the
purser there and the purser at Philadelphia are .
paid less by the law of Congress, the purser's
clerk at the navy-yard at Portsmouth is paid ,
higher than the purser's clerk at any navy-yard
in the United States. It must have been the result
of accident. These pursers feel that the discrim-
ination against them is unjust. Some tune ago,
there was a distinction made between the cletks 1
at the yaids of Poi tsmouih, Philadelphia, and
Washington. Subsequently Washington was
taken out and put on the same footing with the
other yards. Since that time, the yards at Phil- '
adelphia and Portsmouth have been made yards
for repairing, where there is a vei y large amount ,
of woik done—a great deal more than at Pensa- i
cola or Washington now. The pursers feel that,
it is very unjust that these yards should be sub- ;
jected to less pay than others, and it creates a
feeling of dissatisfaction.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the Senator from New
Hampshire if this is a proposition of his to reduce
that clerk at Portsmouth?
Mr. HALE. No; this has nothing to do with
the clerk.
Mr. TOOMBS. Why not bring him to the
same basis with the others ?
Mr. HALE. Because the Senate, by aunani-
mous vote at this session, have passed a bill to
bring the others up.
Mr. TOOMBS. Count me out of that vote. It
could not have been unanimous,unless it was one
of those matters that nobody observed.
Mr. HALE. I cannot count anybody out, for
the bill was reported from the Senate Committee
on Naval Affairs, and passed the Senate upon an
explanation without a division. There has been
a proposition before both Houses, and there has
been a joint meeting of the Naval Committees of
the two Houses, to raise the whole pay of the
Navy. You cannot put it down. The feeling is
that it is vastly lower than the Army pay, and
that whatever it is, high or low, it ought to be
equal. This proposition is simply to raise the
salary of these two officers $500each. I hope the
Senate will agree to it.
Mr. CAMERON. I know something about
Philadelphia, and my impression is that $2,000 a
year is ample compensation for an officer of this
kind there. If I were a purser livingat Philadel-
phia,! should prefer $2,000 there to $2,500 at
Charleston, Pensacola, or New Orleans. I think
the law was right in making the discrimination.
In regard to the clerks, I remember that by some
accident, a year or two ago, the pay of the clerks
at a number of the navy-yards was reduced from
eleven or twelve hundred dollars to six or seven
hundred dollars. This year it has been raised to
a sufficient sum to enable the clerks to live on it.
I am sure there is no necessity for increasing the
pay of the purser at Philadelphia; and I think
that m Portsmouth, New Hampshire, a man can
live as well and as cheaply as in Philadelphia for
that sum of money. In my opinion, we had bet-
ter leave this matter as it is. This is a bad time
to increase the pay of anybody.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment of
the Naval Committee is to insert after line two
hundred and lifty-one, following the clause making
an appropriation to pay for the preparation of a
naval code, this proviso:
Provided, That the piovnions of the seventh section of
the naval appropuation hill, approved March 3,1857, di-
recting the Seeietaiy of the Navy to have prepaied and to
report to Congre--5 at this s-e^-aon, for tf«. approval, a code
o( iemulations lot the government ot tne Navy, &c., be ex-
tended to the ne\t session of Congiv-s.
Mr. PUGH. 1 think the bill already contains
a provision tor a code of regulations. Do we
want two codes ? The bill from the House of
Representatives has an appropriation for a code.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is only to extend the
time for its coming in.
Mr. PUGH. If it is all one code I have no
objection.
'Mr. TOOMBS. Only one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. My next amendment ts to
insert at the end of the hill:
That the Hupenntendentof Punhc Punting be. and he is
heirbv, directed to tran-sfei to the Bthmuot '/uhianee and
Hydiogiaphy the? platen limn which the illustrations and
charts ot the late Japan expedition weie printed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I have another amendment
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to come in
after line one hundred and fifty-seven, following
the appropriations for navy-yards:
For the completion of the coal depot at Key West, Flor-
nia. >-<J,0u0.
The Secretary of the Navy recommends this
appropilotion in his annual report; and 1 have
also a letter from him on the subject, in which he
says:
" The pie=ent condition ot" the coal depot ;<t Key Wett
is such a- to lender it u<ele=;  tor the pmpo-e- lot whieh ir
i'-intended. The wills only hiul been put nn Vfhen the
apptopriation wad exhausted. It has no loot or oiltei no-
cestuiv nmvenienee lor protecting the coal ft.mi tho
weather; and the Depaitment is obliged to pav for the
storing ol the eoal m a puvate lot f would thercbie sug-
gest that aa appropriation of ^20,000 be added to the xtawil
