640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10.
ting, in pursuance of law, lists of clerks and other
persons employed in that Department, other than
officers of the Army, during the year 1857; which,
on motion of Mr. Stuart, was ordered to lie on
the table; and a motion by him to print it, was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in pursuance
of law, statements showing the contracts made
•under the authority of the War Department,
during the year 1857; which, on motion of Mr.
Stuart, was ordered to lie on the table; and a
motion by him to print it, was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in compliance
with resolutions of the Senate of the 4th, 5th, and
26th of January, the annual report of Lieutenant
Colonel J. D. Graham, for the year 1857, m rela-
tion to lake harbor improvements; which, on mo-
tion, of Mr. Stoart, was ordered to lie on the
table; and a motion by him to print it, was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. HARLAN presented the credentials of
the Hon. James W. Grimes, chosen a Senator by
the Legislature of Iowa, for six years from the
4th day of March, 1859; which were read, and
ordered to be placed on the files.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE presented the memorial of
the register and receiver of the land office at Su-
perior, Wisconsin, praying that the compensa-
tion of registers and receivers may be increased;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. KING presented the petition of James W.
Nye and other citizens of New York, praying
that the public lands may be laid out in farms or
lots for the free and exclusive use of actual set-
tlers only; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. |
Mr. JOHNSON,of Tennessee,presentedape-
iition of citizens of New York, praying that the
public lands may be laid out in farms or lots for
the free and exclusive use of actual settlers only;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented thirty-six petitions of cit-
izens of Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that all entries of public lands may be con-
fined to actual settlers, and to them only in lim-
ited quantities; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of journey-
men gold-beaters of Boston, praying for an in-
crease of the duty oil gold-leaf; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have received and been re-
quested to present a memorial signed by A. Wa-
terhouse and sundry other citizens m Maine, who
allege that certain land warrants were issued to
several parties whom they represent, and who,
subsequent to the application for the same, and
prior to the issuing, died. They ask that the law
be so amended that the heirs-at-law shall be enti-
tled to the benefit of the warrants. 1 commend it
to the careful consideration of the Committee on
Public Lands. The delay of the Department has
occasioned this state of things. If there had been
no delay on the pait of the Government the war-
rants would have been issued, and would have
been available by the parties for whom they were
issued. The delay having been wholly on the
part of the Government, and the loss having been
occasioned in consequence ot that delay, 1 hope
it may receive the lavorable action ot the com-
mittee. Other petitions have been presented oil
the same subject of a similar character.
The memorial v«as referred to the Committee
on Public Lauds.
GOVERNMENT CHAPLAINCIES.
Mr. BIGLER. I am requested to present a
memorial, numerously signed by citizens of Penn-
sylvania, by our law-makers there, by judges,
preachers, and lawyers, prayingCongress to take
steps to reform the system of chaplaincies m the
JNavy and Army. The meuiotiaiists set forth
that, while strenuously disapproving and oppos-
ing any union of Church and State, it has been
and is the strong conviction of the American peo-
ple that for our national freedom and prosperity
we are mainly indebted to the principles and in-
stitutions of the Christian religion. This convic-
tion, which has been expressed byour ablest and
purest statesmen of all parties, sections, and times,
they say has been recognized in our State papers
and embodied in resolutions and acts of Congress
too frequently and too recently to require cita-
tion.
They also represent that our Governments,
State and national, have always recognized them-
selves as bound in simple equity and justice to
make due recompense to all those engaged in their
service, such recompense having respect both to
the character of the service, as painful, hazardous,
or long continued, and to the nature of the public
servant, physical, intellectual, or moral; and thus
provision is made, notonjyfor salary, but for pro-
tection, subsistence, anil, in certaincases, forspe-
cial instruction and for general mental and moral
culture. Thus have originated our military and
naval schools, and thus, too, and as a more ob-
vious necessity, a system of chaplaincies for the
Army, for the Navy, for Congress, and for the
penitentiary in the District of Columbia. These
schools and chaplaincies all stand upon the same
foundation ofju^ice and propriety; they all evince
the same dignified self-respect in the Government,
and the same high and just appreciation of those
in the employ or in the power of Government, as
men with social and moral natures.
The system of chaplaincies, they say, is in fact
older than our present form of Government. It
was introduced by Washington himself, imme-
diately upon his taking command of the army of
the Revolution,and was maintained and cherished
by Congress throughout that glorious struggle.
The adoption of the Federal Constitution did not
interfere with it, but on the contrary, the Admin-
istrations under that instrument, one and all,have
recognized it as both national and necessary. It
is evident, therefore, that the discrimination of re-
served and delegated rights, and the prohibition
of religious tests which arc found in the Consti-
tution, were not designed by its authors, its first
expounders and ministers, to apply to the matter
of chaplaincies for the public service, and that it
never has been, and ought not now to be, inter-
preted to the prejudice of this department.
No objection, it is conceived, ought to lie against
such a system on the ground of its expensiveness.
In point of fact, the memorialists believe it has
never exceeded in cost the annual sum of $100,000;
but had it been a much larger amount, they con-
fidently urge that such an outlay would be amply
justified. When it is remembered that our soldiers
and sailors are our fellow-citizens sent on our
country's behalf beyond the reach of those insti-
tutions and that healthful public sentiment which
arc all-important to good citizenship; that they are
exposed in asylums, hospitals, or garrisons to the
demoralizing effects of idleness, or, in active ser-
vice, to the contagious recklessness and ferocity
which are incident to even the most lawful warfare;
that they are thus liabl" to be returned to the bosom
of society, disqualified for theduties and privileges
of freemen—for all which the ministrotionsof re-
ligion aic the only preventive; that often, while in
active service, they arc borne to distant and un-
wholesome climes and exposed to countless dis-
eases and modes of death, and are thus in constant
nped of these teachings which nerve the heart by
faith and hope; it is conceived by the memorial-
ists that it were unworthy of a great and Christian
nation to offset to a system of such uses its mere
money cost. The chaplain system, properly reg-
ulated, and sustained by right-minded men, must
work out such results in favor of society, as to
make a liberal compensation for all the expendi-
tures required of the Government to keep its ma-
chinery m good working order.
The memorialists further represent that the
present system of Government chaplaincies is quite
inadequate to the public need of such service. In
: the last report of the Secretary of War it is stated
1 that the Army, as now constituted,comprises nine-
teen regiments, with a total of seventeen thousand
| nine hundred and eighty-four men, who are dis-
tributed at one hundred and thirty-eight different
j posts; and the presumption is that this number of
! men will be speedily increased to twenty-five thou-
sand. For these men, segregated, and necessarily
! deprived of all home, social, and moral influences,
j and forthesick,wounded,anddyingamongthem,
| there are authorized butthirty teachers of religion,
i The Navy of the United States will, when the six
war steamers now under contract are completed,
comprise more than one hundred vessels, each
carrying a sufficient number of men to require the
presence of some member of the medical depart-
ment. In these vessels, and including those who
are in receiving ships, naval asylums, and navy-
yards, the Government employs near nine thou-
sand officers and men, and -the number of chap-
lains allowed by law is twenty-four. At best, but
one of our military posts in four, and but one of
our national vessels in four, is provided by law
with a chaplain. The actual disproportion, how-
ever, is much greater: for not more than one half
of the thirty chaplains allowed to the Army are
now in commission. Of the twenty-four chaplains
allowed to the Navy, not more than one fourth of
that number are to be found where their service
is most needed, in sea-going ships. And further,
as the memorialists believe, no camp or campaign
chaplains are employed, there being only one or
two among the troops on our Pacific coast, and
not one for those serving in Kansas, Utah, and
Florida.
The memorialists also represent that in the pres-
ent system of Governmentchaplaincies are divers
anomalies and defects, which well deserve atten-
tion. Chaplains, they allege, are appointed to
their office without any formal and sufficient in-
quiry into their professional standing and qualifi-
cations; they are appointed for life, and no pro-
vision is made for retiring any who may become
superanuated or otherwise disabled for theduties
of their office, and thus it becomes possible that
the whole number authorized by law may consist
of such, to the entire prevention of religious and
moral teaching to the Army and Navy; no report
is required of the amount of service rendered by
any chaplain; and the designation of chaplains
to particular posts or vessels is made without due
regard to their specific adaptation to such post or
vessel.
In view of all which the memorialists pray Con-
gress to increase the number of chaplains author-
ized for the Army and for the Navy, upon the
principle that a Christian Government should
furnish adequate religious instruction to those
who, in Government service, are deprived of it;
to require that no person shall be'eligible to the
office of chaplain, who shall not produce formal
and official testimonials of his good religious and
ecclesiastical standing, and of his qualifications
for the special duties of the office; to make no
more life appointments to the chaplaincy of either
Army or Navy; retire upon a reasonable salary
such chaplains now in commission as may bo by
reason of age or infirmity disabled from effective,
service; to require of all chaplains to either Army
or Navy, stated reports of the services rendered, _
together with statistical and other information'
connected therewith, and that an abstract of the
whole may accompany the President's message;
and to designate chaplains to particular posts or
vessels, with due regard to the matter of their
adaptedness to such posts or vessels, and to se-
cure to each chaplain so designated all proper
facilities for the stated religious instructions of
the men, and for the conduct of Divine worship
among them.
The memorial is an interesting one, and I move
that it be referred to the Committee on N&val Af-
fairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of N. C. Haywood on the files
of tlie Senate, be letened to the Committee on Patent-;and
the Patent Office.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of John Ireland have leave to
withdraw their petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That George Townley and John Denman have
leave to withdraw their petitions and papers.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives,by Mr. Allen,its Clerk, announcing
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. lad)
to authorize the President of the United States,
m conjunction with the State of Texas, to run and
mark the boundary lines between the Territories
of the United States and the State of Texas, m
which the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
