1726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
the Committee on Public Lands is the most im-
portant committee in the House. Why? The vast
.questions which relate to our public domain must
necessarily come under our supervision. We are
bound to examine the laws, and see what defects
there may be, and to ascertain the causes of the
difficulties which so often embarrass the settlers
upon our public lands. Our committee have la-
bored faithfully,and we are now prepared to pre-
sent a large mass of matter for practical legisla-
tion.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I rise to a question of
order. The distinguished chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands is blowing his own horn,
and he has no right to do so. [Great laughter.]
Mr. COBB. How does the Chair decide the
point of order? [Renewed laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. That the gentleman from
Alabama has the floor, and has the right to pro-
ceed.
Mr. COBB. I thank the Chair for that much
liberality.
Now, I will say to the gentleman from Virginia,
[R^r. Letcher,] and to my friend from Tennes-
see over there, [Mr. Jones,] who, I see, is look-
ing rather cross at me just now, [laughter,] that,
so far as the action of the Committee on Public
Lands, up to this day, is concerned, they need
not fear any action which will be taken by that
committee; for I expect that, when they come to
examine the matters reported by that committee,
they will vote for nine out of ten of them. There-
fore, they need not have any fear of our commit-
tee ruining the Government. We are going to
make it a model committee.
But to return to the Committee of Ways and
Means. It is held that the Committee of Ways
and Means is, perhaps, the most important com-
mittee of the House. It is an important commit-
tee, but what are the duties of that committee ?
They have all the estimates sent to them, and they
have to examine them. Their labors are arduous
I know. But so far as the duty of investigating
questions is concerned, they have scarcely nothing
to do, unless in the ease of some improper appro-
priations now and then. There was a bill from
that committee before us a few days ago, and I
chose to vote against it on account of an appro-
priation which it contained. And I take the lib-
erty now to state that it was not on the ground
that it was an appropriation bill to carry on the
XTteth war. I would vote for that to-day, if it were
cut loose from everything else. Some of my po-
litical friends voted against it too, and the Union
read us out of the party. But I would have voted
for that particular appropriation if left by itself.
Well-, unlike the Committee of Ways and
Means, as I was saying, we have to take into
consideration everything connected with the land
laws. We have to inquire into the practical work-
ings of the mode of disposing of our public lands.
Sir, you must be aware of the importance of that
committee, and the labor necessarily imposed
upon it. These are duties which no clerk can dis-
charge. Each case must be investigated by the
members of the committee, and I can assure you
that we have had a heavy amount of labor to per-
form. I do not want to attach any particular
honor to being chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. [Laughter.] It would be unparlia-
mentary to do so. I am now ascribing to my
worthy colleagues on the committee the honor to
which I believe they are entitled. They have done
their work manfully. They have endeavored to
act properly upon such cases as have been referred
to them. They have given them a fair consider-
ation, and have been waiting for weeks for an op-
portunity to report. But, if the regular order of
business is not insisted upon, we shall not be able
to report upon another case thi^ession.
It rust, sir, that the regular order of business
will be insisted on every day during the morning
hour, and that the call of committees will be con-
tinued until we come down again to the Commit-
tee 011 Public Lands, when we may have an op-
portunity to disgorge some of these papers with
which our desks are now filled.
I have here, sir, ready to report, a bill in which
every member of the House is interested, or at
least in which some of the constituents of every
member of the House are interested. I made an
application to the Speaker the other day, when
the committees were being called for reports of a
private character, to know whether a general bill,
founded upon private applications, could be re-
ceived under that call. I knew it was notin order,
but inasmuch as I design to ask the House to put
the bill upon its passage when X report it, I de-
termined to bring it to the notice of the House;
and there was no other way in which I could do it.
The bill was printed in the Globe, in the proceed-
ings of the House of Friday last, for the benefit of
members. I shall ask the House to put that bill
upon its passage. I have only asked two similar
favors this session, and each time the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] has objected. I now
appeal to the gentleman, in advance, not to object
in this case.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man one question. -Can the gentleman inform us
when the committee of conference on the Kansas
bill is going to report ? [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. Yes, sir, I think I can, if the gen-
tleman will answer me one question, first. It is a
Yankee mode of answering, but I am not a Yan-
kee; I was born in Tennessee and raised in Ala-
bama; and I want it to be understood that I am
representing the people that raised me. [Laugh-
ter.] If the gentleman will answer me one ques-
tion, I think I can tell him when the committee
of conference will report.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will if I can.
Mr. CO.BB. When will the difficulties between
the Democrats and the few anti-Lecomptonitesbe
settled so as to harmonize the party ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. As soon as we Republicans
get the Government. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. Whenever we have settled our dif-
ficulties you may look for a report; and my opin-
ion is that you need not look for one until that is
the case.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOVEJOY moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Seward reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly House bill (No. 62) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending 30th June, 1859, and had
directed him to report the same to the House with-
out amendment, and with the recommendation
that it do pass; also, that the committee had had
under consideration House bill (No. 200) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1859, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the President of the United States had,
on the 19th instgftit, approved and signed bills of
the following titles:
An act to authorize a register to be issued to
the steamer Fearless; and
An act for the relief of the owners of the bark
Attica, of Portland, Maine.
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint reso-
lution authorizing the Secretary of State to audit
and settle the accounts of the contractor for the
erection of the United States Marine Hospital at
San Francisco, California; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The House proceeded to consider the bill mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and, beingengrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I offer the usual
resolution to close the debate in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon House bill
No. 200—the civil appropriation bill—in one hour
after its consideration shall be resumed.
Mr. W ASHBURN, of Maine. I move to strike
out one hour, and insert three hours.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, the House then) at
half past four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, -tfjjrif 22, 1858.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in compliance with the resolution of
the Senate, information relative to the condition of
the United States ship Susquehanna on her arri-
val at the Island of Jamaica, and the reception and
assistance extended to her officers and crew by the
British authorities in that island; which was, on
motion of Mr. Mason, referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of State, communicating, in obedience
to law, a statement of the commercial relations of
the United States with foreign nations for the year
ending the 30th of September, 1857.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the communication
be referred to the Committee on Printing. I am
strongly of the impression that we are going to
have another book out of it.
Mr. IVERSON. It should be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PUGH. I have no objection to that; but
if there is a motion to print, I want that to go to
the Printing Committee.
The document was referred to the Committee
on Commerce; and a motion to print it to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
Ann Gratiot, widow of Brevet Brigadier General
Charles Gratiot, late of the United States Army,
praying to be allowed his pay and emolument as
colonel and chief of engineers of the Army, from
the date of his dismissal to the time of his death;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
He also presented the petition of George A
Wheelock, for himself ana the other heirs of Jo-
seph Villere, deceased, praying the reference of
their claim to the Court of Claims, and that the
same may not be barred by limitations; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the answer and re-
monstrance of the American Telegraph Company
to the memorial of the Magnetic Telegraph Com-
pany and the New England Union Telegraph
Company, and the supplement thereto. This me-
morial and remonstrance complains that the pa-
pers against which they remonstrate do injustice
to the company, insist that the measure which
they seek is unjust, that it would bring the Gov-
ernment of the United States into conflict with
State authorities in the regulation of private en-
terprise for the transaction of telegraph business;
and that Congress have no power to pass such an
act as is prayed for by the applicants. I move that
this paper be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary. I ask that the memorial may be printed
as the former memorial was printed.
It was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary; and the motion to print was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PUGH, it was
Ordered, That the petition of J. B. Williams, in behalf
of the heirs of Joseph on the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES
Mr. PUGH, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petitions
of Hugh Ferguson and James Robb, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 29) to refer the claim of Joseph Valliere,
deceased, to the Court of Claims; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims
