1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1727
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
J281) to sccure a prompt construction of a line of
telegraph from San Francisco to Port Smith, a.nd
from thence to St. Louis and to Memphis; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
DUTIES ON THE ELBA.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public interest, to
communicate to the Senate such information as the Depart-
ments of the Government may aftoid concerning the nature,
character, and extent of the State duties exacted from for-
eign vessels and merchandise, navigating the Elba, by the
kingdom of Hanover, the grounds of such exactions, and
the practicability and expediency of obtaining for American
shipping and merchandise an exemption therefrom.
NORTH PACIFIC OCEAN.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit the following reso-
lution, and ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed
to furnish the Senate with an estimate of the cost of bring-
1112 up and preparing for publication the surveys of the late
expedition to the North Pacific ocear. and Behring's Straits,
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1859.
Mr. PUGH. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will lie over.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed a bill making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Academy
for the year ending June 30, 1859; and a bill do-
nating public lands to the several States which
may provide colleges for tlie benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts.
RELATIONS WITH PARAGUAY.
• Mr. MASON. If there are no further reports
from committees, I ask the Senate to take up for
consideration the resolution that was unfinished
yesterday, relating to the relations between this
Government and that of Paraguay.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. No. 28) for the
adjustment of differences with the Republic of
Paraguay.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the resolution
be amended by striking out the words "and use
such force." 1 do not know that I can secure any
attention of the Senate to this resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There must
be less conversation in the Chamber.
Mr. COLLAMER. I made the suggestion not
on account of the importance of any attention
being paid to me, but I would desire that some
should be paid to the resolution. Mr. President,
the using of force, unless it be mere matter of de-
fense, is war. The use of force to procure re-
dress is war. Disguise it as we may, itis open,
flagrant, war; and if the President be authorized
by Congress, not merely as a matter of defense
when our vessels are attacked, but offensively to
use the military force, to draw up a frigate before
a city and bombard it for the purpose of procuring
redress of grievances, that is war; and 1 appre-
hend the honorable Senator from Virginia looks
upon it in that light, because he moved to amend
it so as to make it a joint resolution, that is, to
make it a resolution by both Houses, and ac-
ceded to by the President, declaring war.
•Now, sir, I do not know, it is not necessary that
I should now say, whether there be sufficient rea-
sons shown to us to convince us that we have cause
of war, and should declare war against Paraguay
or not. The point I am after is this: I insist upon
it that Congress, by the Constitution, alone has
the [lower to declare war. I insist, as a matter of
constitutional law, that Congress has no power
to authorize the President to commence a war at
his discretion. They have no such power, and
it is an assumption and abuse of the authority
which is given by the Constitution. I know that
Congress may declare war against Paraguay, but
I deny that they can say that the President shall ;
have the right to commence war against Paraguay
when he thinks proper. Is not that the proposi- j!
Hon r j!
Here is Paraguay, one of the members of the il
Argentine Confederation. The precise terras of
that confederation I do not know; but I know that
the different members of the confederation are fre-
quently at almost open war with each other. We
have a treaty with Paraguay, and therefore Para-
guay is a nation which we acknowledge as a civil-
ized people. We reciprocate with them, if you
please,diplomatic representation. Wehaveformed
a treaty with them. It is true, that treaty was not
ratified on their part, for a very good reason, be-
cause it was kept in the hands of our own com-
missioners at Buenos Ayres until the time for its
operation had expired; and it was never presented
to them. I merely mention the fact of our having
made such a treaty to show that we recognize them
as a civilized people and nation. There have been,
as we say, outrages committed by them in firing
npon one of our vessels in the river Parana, and
also by some depredation upon the property of
some of our citizens, who went there with their
property at the invitation of that Government.
These wrongs require redress. Shall we have it ?
To me, sir, it is a matter of astonishment that our
Government seems to have utterly neglected the
calling upon that nation for redress of grievances
now for (I do not know exactly how long) three
or four years already. The President informs us
that he proposes to call upon them for satisfaction.
It is right, and it should have been done long ago;
but that is not the proposition now made to us.
That he should attempt, and undoubtedly will
attempt. But what is proposed here ? That the
President shall be clothed with authority to settle
our difficulties with Paraguay, and that he shall
use such force as he thinks proper. That amounts
to this: you may go to Paraguay, make a demand
for satisfaction of these grievances, and if they
do not offer the satisfaction which the President
thinks proper, he shall bombard their cities and
towns, and he may use the Navy and the Army,
land upon their shores, and use, under this reso-
lution, the force of the Government to any extent
he thinks proper, and upon whatever contingency
he thinks proper.
Is not that obviously authorizing the President
to commence a war in his discretion? I insist
upon it that that is not a proper exercise of the
authority of Congress in relation to the subject of
war, and that there never was anything of the
kind done in this Government before, I do not
say that a precedent for it cannot be produced,
but I say it will be very extraordinary, if one
can be found; and I say that such action as this
ought not to be taken by the Senate without a pre-
cedent. Take the most enormous outrages you can
imagine in our history. When Great Britain fired
intoourfngate Chesapeake,did Congress author-
ize the President to exercise force against them ?
Never at all in any period of our history, in any
outrage which has ever been committed upon our
people, or the property or dignity of the nation,
was a step of this kind taken. I know that the
President has directed the naval officers, in rela-
tion to barbarous people, to go to the Fejee Islands
and burn down their villages, when he thought
proper to obtain redress of grievances for outrages
of theirs committed on our people, on their lives,
their property, and their ships. I know that has
been done with barbarous and uncivilized people.
I know that they bombarded Grey town as being a
nest of pirates,or somethingof that kind, notrec-
ognized as having a national existence. But, sir,
in relation to a civilized people, a people with
whom we have reciprocated diplomatic relations,
with whom we have now a consul residing, that
you should authorize the President of the United
States to use the Army and Navy of the United
States to commence a forcible war upon them, in
his discretion, when he shall think proper, is en-
tirely unprecedented in our history.
I do not mean hereby to disclaim that redress i
should be obtained. The President should make i
proper application for redress. We are not, how- j
ever, so infallible on this subject, but that it is ^
possible, after all, they may make good excuse for j
what they have done. Our information is alto- |
gether ex parte; we have heard but one side. But, j
sir, suppose they cannot, and suppose they do ,
not. The President holds his inter-communica- :
tion through his proper organs with them; hears !
their story, receives their offers. If they are in- :
sufficientand unsatisfactory, he rejects them. He [i
exhausts all the means which he has, by peaceable ; |
efforts I moan, to obtain redress. Then he should II
report to Congress that he has exercised all the-
power that he has to obtain ^satisfaction, and haa
not obtained it, and sho wus whathe has done '.what;
their excuses were; what their offers were, that,
we may judge whether the time has come to use;
force, and proceed to open war; but that should '
be in the discretion of Congress after negotiations,*
shall have been exhausted. Hence that portion
of the resolution in relation to using force, I desire.
to, have stricken out. . '
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from
Florida, [Mr. Mallory,] who spoke to this ques-
tion yesterday, suggested that it would be expe-
dient and right, in his judgment, to send a minis-
ter, or a diplomatic functionary of some character,
to the Government of Paraguay, with a view to
institute negotiations for the purpose of redressing
the very wanton insult that has been inflicted upon
our Government and our people, not only by firing'
into a public ship without warrant or authority,,
but in killing one of the men there engaged in,
public duty. The honorable Senator from Flor-\
ida thought that all this could be effected simply
by sending a minister there, competent to speak
the language of that people, and instructed to use'
terms of kindness and conciliation. His idea was
based, as I understood that honorable Senator to
say, on some sources of private information which
he had, and which were unknown to the Senate.
The President of the United States, who is charged
by the Constitution with the executive functions
of the country, has recommended otherwise, upon •
official information that he has laid before the Sen-
ate. That official information is, that whilst we
had one of our public ships there upon a peaceful
mission, and in waters not under the jurisdiction
of this South American Republic, after the kind-
est intercourse had previously subsisted between
the commander of that ship and the President of
the Paraguayan Republic, without notice and
without warrant, it was fired into. What the
President of the U nited States proposes, is not that
we should send an armament there for the pur-
pose of making war upon this predatory Repub-
lic, but that we should demand from them proper
and adequate redress; and if it was not extended,
then that he should' have authority to use what-
ever force might be necessary to compel them to
extend it. That is the recommendation of the'
President. The language of the annual message,
is this, after stating this aggression:
"Citizens of the United States, also, who were estab-
lished in business in Paraguay, have had their property
seized and taken from them, and have otherwise'been
treated by the authorities in an insulting and arbitrary man-
ner, which requires ledress.
" A demand for these pui poses will be made in a firm but
conciliatory spirit. This will the more probably be granted,
if the Executive shaii have authority to use other means in
the event of a refusal. This is accordingly recommended."
Now, the honorable Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collamek] objects to that part of the reso-
lution which contemplates, in the contingency
mentioned, the use of force, and moves to strike
it out, because he says that is war. I might deny
the propositionof the honorable Senator. Itwo'uld
be hostility, if you please; but it would be hos-
tility returned after hostility commenced on the
part of the other Government, and done, of course,.
under the sanction of Congress. Take the ac-
count that was given by the officer in command of
that vessel, Lieutenant Jeffers, of the attack that
was made upon the steamer Water Witch, under
his command. In hisofficial report to Commander
Page, (the commander of the ship, who was ab-
sent from it at the time,) dated on board the
Water Witch, at Corrientes, the 2d of February,
1855, he says:
" On arriving within three hundred yards, [going up the
river,] 1 was hailed by a person who, I am informed, was
the Paraguayan admiral; but I did not understand the im-
port of the haii. Two blank cartridges were then tired from
the fort in quick succession, and followed by a shot. I had
given particular orders that no shot should be filed, except
m return, and then only by my directions ; and, on receiv-
ing this first fire, I directed a general fire in return.
" The first shot of the enemy carried away tlie wheel, cut
the ropes, and mortally wounded Samuel Chaney, the
helmsman. A bar was soon shipped, and the vessel steered
by it, but with some difficulty, on account of the rapidityof
the current. In a couple of minutes after the action hud
commenced, the pilot deserted ins station, and hid himself
behind the engine-house. Dragged up thence by Mr. Potts,
on looking around him he exclaimed, ' We shall certainly
ground, as there is notsuflicientwatcr in tlie channel.' By
ttus time we had run past all the guns of the baltery except
one ; and on learning the state of things, I left the bow gun,
which I liad been directing, which was no longer service-
able, and took the deck. The pilot, whom F had again to
force up to his station, in a high state of excitement, repeat-
