1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2751
now on thp stocks. If we are to make anything
of an exhibition of naval power, this is some-
thing that the committee think should be done.
Having; made that explanation I leave it to the
patriotism and judgment of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the
amendment again reported.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask if that is recom-
mended by the Department?
Mr. HALE. I will state that it v/as by a vote
of the Senate we called upon the Secretary for an
estimate; and 1 have a letter from him, which I
will send to the Chair, and ask to have read.
Mr. HUNTER. I also ask what the tonnage
of the Franklin is?
Mr. HALE. The chairman can tell.
Mr. MALLOPwY. Her tonnage is about four
thousand six hundred tons. She is one of the
largest ships in the woiM.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Navy I)f ■  uu m r.vr, Mtw 5,1858.
Sir: In reply to youts of the -2^(11 ultimo, de>iring an es-
timate for the equipment and fifing for ;>ea of the United
States ship I'lanklni a<? a screw steamer with full steam
power, I have to ftate that, with the .^0,000 included ni
the estimate submitted at tin- commencement of the ses-
sion, and winch will be included m the general appiopri-
anon for mciea^e, rcpan.&e , time will be u-quned for
the enctiie, maehiiu-iy, &c., S^^OGO; equipment, kc ,
£•'! '3.5.000; oi d nance, oidnance stoics, &c.,,$50,000; amount-
ing to $410.(100
I have the honor to be, &c., ISAAC TOUCEY,
Secretary of the Navy,
Hon. S R Mkltory, Chairman Committee Naval Jljjairsi
Tinned Stages Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. We have quite a large appro-
priation in the biil already for some of those pur-
poses. Here it is:
'* For increase, repair, aimainent, and equipment of the
Nny, including the wear and tear of v<>-.<els m commis-
sion. fiKi torsteanuii, and pui chase of hemp toi the Navj,
$-2.8.">0,<>0'').5>
This is a proposition to add §300.001) more, as
I understand. This was not originally estimated
by the Secretary of the Navy. This letter is in
reply to a resolution, I think, sent to him by the
Senate. It is infoimation which he furnishes at
tlie request of the Senate, and it is the addition of
that amount, as I understand, to be made by the
Senate, and not, asked for by the Denaitment.
Now, I think we had better adhere to the original
estimate of $2,850,000.
Mr. MALLOIIY. Itis my purpose, when the
bill is reported to the Senate, to ask the Senate
to pass the original amendment introduced by the
Committee on Naval Affairs for five sloops of war.
The Senate has voted down ten sloops. I shall
offer the five as a separate section, m which case
I suggest to the Senator from New Hampshire for
the piesent to withdraw his amendment. The
Senate has indicated its indisposition to vote for
ten sloops, and five I understand will certainly
be preferred, and I have been assured will pass.
I suggest the withdrawal of this amendment until
we have a vote of the Senate upon the proposition
for five sloops.
Mr. HALE. I want to say that I understood
the Senate to vote down the building of those
small vessels because they thought it was mere
tiifhng, and did it with a view of voting in favor
of the amendment to fit out the Franklin, which
would make a highly respectable and very cred-
itable appearance of the strength, naval power,
architecture, and skill of the country. Viewing
it m that light, I must not withdraw it. It is
from that committee. I hope the Senate will fu
out the Franklin, and then not agree to the five
sloops.
Mr. CLINGAtAN. I was about to ask the j
Senator a question. What draught of water will
she draw ; Twenty-five or twenty-six feet?
Mr. HALE. She will draw a good deal; I ,
should think «-* much as that. j
Air. CLINGMAN. She will require twelve
hundred men to man her. j
Mr. HALE. Oil, no. |
Mr. CLIXixMAN. She will do to exhibit in !
tlie Mediterranean, [suppose; butcan she get into
many of our pons5
Mr. PUGH. She can carry the submarine
cable.
Mr. HALE. She will do in the Gulf very well.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We might use the whole \[
Gulf as a harbor for her. ij
Air. HALE. I want to put it to the Senate,what ji
is the use of building snips and letting them rot i!
on the stocks? What good does the Franklin do
there? What is the sense, or the propriety, or
the economy, or the philosophy, of building the
handsomest ships in the world, and letting "them
rot on the stocks ? If it is the policy of the country
to have a navy, after building a ship, certainly it
ought to float her.
The amendment was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes, eleven; noes not counted.
Mr. HALE. I have one other amendment to
offer from the Committee on Naval Affairs,which
is very brief, and offered without much faith,
though it has a good deal of merit in it. It is to add
the following as a new section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the naval appropriation
act approved August 31, 18o"2, adding a percentage to the
clerk?5 pay m the navy-yard and commandant's office in
Washington city, District of Columbia, shall be «o construed
as to include the Clei ks and messenger m the Navy agent5s
office, for s.nd >aid, and the me&scnger in the command-
ant's office.
Let me explain this amendment, in a word, and
then I shall leave it. In 1852, Congress passed
an act raising, by special act, these clerks' pay.
It was construed not to anply to the clerks em-
braced within this amendment, who, I believe,
are only two. In lb'54, the Senate undertook to
alter that matter, and passed an amendment in an
appropriation bill, which they supposed did put
these clerks on the same footing with others; but
owing to some defect in phraseology, the inten-
tion of the Legislature was defeated and construed
not to apply to them. Since that, Congress, by
general act, have raised these salaries, and these
clerks arc receiving it; and this amendment is
simply to remedy what Congress believed was a
misconstruction of the first amendment. That is
the whole of it.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand this amend-
ment, it relates to back pay, and is not in older.
It is a puvam claim.
Mr. HALE. It is the construction of an act.
Mr. HUNTER. It is to give back pay, which
has been ruled to be a private claim, and is not
in order under the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the compensa-
tion retrospective ?
Mr. HALE. The appropriation is already
made, and this amendment is to correct what Con-
gress believed to be a misconstruction of the stat-
ute. That is the whole of it. Congress tried twice
to give the cleiks the money by act of Congress,
the acts of 1852 and 1854. Congress tried very
^fiard twice to give a man a salary, and he could
not get it.
Mr. HUNTER. This is good as a private
claim. It is clearly retrospective.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It seems so to the
Chair.
Mr. HALE. Very well; let it go.
Mr. IVERSON. I have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Gooigia aiiow me to submit an amendment
from the Committee on Naval Affairs?
Mr. 1VERSON". I withdraw my amendment
for the present. I thought the committee were
through with theirs.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to submit the following
amend ment:
For continuing the publication of the ehaits of the north
i'aeihe ocean ami iJ^lunigV rttraits expedition, $0,700.
Here is an estimate and recommendation from
the Secietary of the Navy.
Mr. IlUNTGIl. I understand this is merely
to print the charts.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir; that is all.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not object to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If it is to print
charts, I will ask for the reading of it again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I think it is
very well; and 1 suggest it to the Senator now,
that before we make any more appropriations for
printing and publishing charts, or manuscripts
uf any description, they should be presented before
the Committee on Printing on a resolution that
proposes to print them. It is not con sis tent, either,
with a full knowledge of the transaction of busi-
ness when Senators propose here to print books
or charts without a reference to the proper com-
mittee. I suggest to gentlemen present that 1 shall
object now,and toievermorc. to everythingthatis
proposed to be printed, unless the work or mate-
rial to be printed shall have been referred to the
committee on that subject, and been returned by
them to the Senate after they have had an oppor-
tunity to examine it, with estimates of what it
would cost, and of its true value. These forms
are necessary, and no more printing should be
done until they are entirely complied with.
Mr. SEWARD. I am willing to concur in that
policy: but all these estimates and all these re-
ports are exactly as the honorable Senator re-
quires them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well; let
them be referred. I will say to the Senator, that
during the last session there were passed through
this body, and which were protested against at
the time, propositions for printing which we had
assurances would cost but little or nothing, and
yet have amounted to very much; and, if we shall
permit them to go on in the spirit in which they
have gone on hitherto, from the favor or the friend-
ship of members of this Senate towards those who
ask that they shall be done, they will reach an
amount of expenditure not one cent less than half
a million dollars. I do not think that these prop-
ositions should be concurred in until they have
conformed to those practical rules which declare
that, before you order the printing of any docu-
ment, you shall know distinctly what it will cost
you to do it, and what is the objection to its being
done, as well as its value, when printed, to the
public itself, after you shall have paid for it.
Air. PUGH. 1 should like to hear that amend-
ment read again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. PUGH. Is that reported from any com-
mittee ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ey the Committee
on Naval Allan's.
Air. SEWARD. There is an estimate and rec-
ommendation of the Department for exactly that
amount, and it is reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. PUGII. This is an old acquaintance. We
had this subject under consideration at the last
session. A gross amount was reported by the
Committee on Naval Affairs. It was stated that
it v/as a little affair, and would cost but a few hun-
dred or few thousand dollars, and would never
trouble us again. I lecollect that the Senator
fiom Arkansas and I were unfortunate enough to
differ with the committee. We said it was the
beginning of a woik, and probably we should not
sec the end of it very soon. Here itcomes again.
The first appropriation was probably five or ten
thousand dollars. Now it goes on to §6.000. It
appears to mo, Air. President, that, under the
rules of the Senate, every question of printing,
whether it be an amendment or anything else, is
by law referable to the Committee on Printing,
and that it is no more in order to put to an appro-
priation bill an amendmentproviding for the print-
ing of a book or chart than by private resolution.
Under the rules, with a few special exceptions, in
defining the duties of the Committee on Printing,
the printing of nothing can be ordered unless
submitted to that committee; and I submit to the
Chair, under the rule defining the duties of the
Committee on Printing, that this proposition must
go to them.
Air. CAMERON. I think, if the Senate deem
it pioper to pass the amendment, they had better
dispense with the Committee on Printing at once.
It would be impossible for them to attempt to reg-
ulate the priming, if the Senate choose to take
the whole business of the committee out of their
hands.
Air. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from New
York will withdraw the amendment. Let itgo to
the Committee on Printing. It is obvious that
the amendment cannot pass, under such circum-
stances. The committee are entitled to it, and
want to examine it.
Mr. SEWARD. I will withdraw it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The commit-
tee do not want to have anything to do with it,
but ically these things ought to stop somewhere.
Air. SEWARD. I hope the Senate will give
me unanimous consent to refer it to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Air. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 hope not. I
never want to see any more ot these publications
beiore the committee, but I cannot help myself if
you choose to refer it.
It was so referred.
