THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1858.
New Series No. 41 
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. M ALLORY,from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Edward D. Reynolds, praying compensation for
makiisg certain disbursements, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 132) for the relief
of Edward D. Reynolds.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
REPORTERS' GALLERY.
Mr. FOOT. I ask for the consideration of the
following order:
Ordered, That the Committee on the Library consider and
report a plan lor the admission and accommodation of re-
potters in the eastern gallery, other than the reporters ot the
Congressional Globe.
I understand that there is no authoritative pro-
vision over this subject at the present time. It
was formerly under the control of the Presiding
Officerof the Senate. That rule, however, at the
last general change of our rules, was omitted. It
is very desirable that it should be placed under the
control of some authority; and it strikes me that
a committee of this body should constitute the
authority to regulate this subject. For the Pre-
siding Officer it would be a delicate and some-
times a disagreeable duty to perform. If it be
assigned to a committee of the body, it relieves
the Presiding Officer from that duty. 1 think the
Presiding Officer, at the present time, has been
consulted in reference to this matter; and I pre-
sume there will be no objection to the adoption
of the order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the resolution will lie
over. I object to its consideration. I do not think
thete ought to be any such people in the galleries
all, it is a very great nuisance.
The resolution lies over under the rule.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to offer two resolutions
of inquiry; and I ask that they may be consid-
ered at this time.
Mr. DOUG-LAS. I object to them, and move
to take up the resolutions I have endeavored to
bring up for several days.
The VICEPRESIDENT. Resolutions cannot
be offered, as petitions are still in order.
Mr. GWIN. Can I not offer resolutions ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the resolutions may be lead.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must interpose again, and
call for the regular order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois insists on the regular order, which is re-
ports from standing committees, there beinz no
other petitions; which, under the rules, the Chair
must call for specially. Reports from committees
are still in order.
Mr. GWIN. What follows then?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions and
motions after the reports of committees, unless
some special order should intervene.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There being no further re-
ports, I move to take up the resolution which I
offered 
Mr. GWIN. I believe I had the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there are no
further reports from committees, the Chair will
feel himself bound to recognize the Senator from
California.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Very well, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there are no
further reports, the Secretary will read the first
resolution offered by the Senator from California.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Seciefary of War furnis-h the Senate
a copy of the military topographical ineniou, report, and
maps, ol'the miliiaiy dopaitmeut of tiie Pacific, by Captain
T. J. Ciam, of the corp-4 of topographical engineers.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator will explain
the nature of that report.
Mr. STUART. I object to its consideration.
The resolution, therefore, lies over, under the
rule.
Mr. GWIN. I have another resolution, to
which I hope there will be no objection:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
41
to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill to increase
the facilities for refining gold for coinage in the branch mint
at San Francisco.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let that resolution lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It lies over, being
objected to.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I now interpose my motion
to take up the resolutions to which I have referred.
Mr. DAVIS. The hour has arrived for the
consideration of the special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not yet. The
Chair will call it, when the hour arrives.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am very unwilling to seem
to antagonize with the wishes of the Senate on a
matter of this kind; but it does seem to me the
application I make is a reasonable one. I am
callcd upon as a member of this body, and as a
member of the Committee on Territories, to which
the message of the President, with the Kansas
constitution, have been referred, to report on those
documents. The President has given, in themes-
sage referred to, many facts, and those facts it is
important for us to investigate. We cannot re-
port intelligently upon the matters referred to us
unless those facts shall come before us.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the honorable Senator
from Illinois allow me to say a wot d ? If this res-
olution bo only directed to the President, I do not
see that there need be any speeches a^>out it, if it
calls for information. If it does, I do not see any
objection to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the point. If I can
have a vote on it I will yield the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour has ar-
rived for the consideration of the special order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But I suppose these resolu-
tions are the unfinished business, and take pri-
ority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are not the
unfinished business. The special order is the un-
finished business, and comes up at the head of all
the other orders under the rule.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to postpone the
special order, for the purpose of taking up these
resolutions.
Mr. DAVIS. On that I hope we shall have the
yeas and nays. There was an understanding yes-
terday that we were to proceed with the bill which
is the special order until we finish it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Ido not wish to antagonize
with the Army bill. I do not wish to postpone
it. I have refrained from calling up any other
subject to its exclusion; I was willing to give the
reference of the President's message the priority
overall other measures, and then to considerthe
Aimy bill as the unfinished business, and when
that should be disposed of, I desired to call up the
Minnesota bill. This is a part of the reference
of the President's message; it is necessary for a
consideration of that subject. The reason we gave
priority to the reference of the President's mes-
sage was, that it was important to give the com-
mittee an opportunity to report upon it. If that
report is not to be hurried until we can get this in-
foimation, I should be willing to.let the resolu-
tions lie over until the Army bill be acted on; but
if I am to be required to act and to vote on that
message, and at the same time to be deprived of
the opportunity of procuring the facts necessary
to an elucidation of the subject, it places me in a
position in which I think no Senator should be
placed.
Forinstance, in reading over the constitution of
Kansas this morning, I find that in fixing the ap-
portionment, acertain number of representatives is
awarded to Johnson county—four representatives;
and I find allowed to theadjoiningcounty ofShaw-
nec only two representatives. I am informed that
by the census taken under the law which called
the convention, Shawnee county showed a larger
population than Johnson, and yet the county with
the largest population is to have one half the rep-
resentation of the other. I am informed that this
extra representation of Johnson county is founded
on fraudulent votes polled atOxfordprecinctunder
fictitious or spurious returns I desire to know
whether these things are true, and whether  
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a point of order, whether
it is proper to go oil with the debate on the pro-
priety of considering a resolution at a time when
a special order is pending?
Mr. DOUGLAS. lam only giving reasons why
these resolutions should be taken up at this time,
I am only pursuing what has been the practice of
the Senate. 1 will confine my remarks strictly to
the motion to take up, and propose to show why
the resolutions should not only be taken up, but
taken up now, to the exclusion of other business,
I do not intend to go into the discussion of th *
merits of the Kansas question; I do notintend tf*
say a word on the merits of the constitution of
Kansas, or of the President's message, but simply
to give the reasons why the resolutions should
now be taken up; and I shall do so as briefly aa
I can.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair'fceln
obliged to express an opinion on the point of
order which lias been raised. The Chair supposes
that short remarks of explanation would be prop-
er; but from the very nature of the case and the
nature of the question, it occurs to him that an
extended discussion would be out of order when
there is a special order, and a motion made to post-
pone it with a view to take up other business. It
would defeat the very object and purpose of set-
ting special orders, if extended discussion should
be had on the merits of the business which it is
proposed to take up to their exclusion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not propose to make
any extended remarks. I do not propose to do
anything which the Senate during the whole
period I have had a seat here, has not sanctioned.
I intend to be brief. I have seen a discussion on
taking up a subject run two days here, under the
sanction of the Senate, because there were no
means of stopping it. I have seen it held here,
that a motion to postpone one subject and take
up another, opened the merits of both questions
as a matter of parliamentary law—not onfythe
merits of the question to be postponed, but the
merits of the question to be taken up; but I do
not propose to do any such thing. Because that
has been held to be the parliamentary law, and
has been the practice here, an honorable Senator
only a few days ago brought in a resolution to
change the rule, so that there should not be debate
on the priority of business. The evil of general
lengthy debates upon a motion to postpone one
subject and take up another, has been felt and is
conceded; but the right of discussion, I appre-
hend, is beyond dispute.
But I do not wish to discuss the merits of the
question. I was only showing the importance of
obtaining the information for which the resolu-
tions call; and on one point embraced in the call,
I stated that I was informed there is a represent-
ation provided for in the Lecomption constitu-
tion which will secure permanently to the minor-
ity of the people of Kansas the control of the
Legislature. 1 am informed that the evidence of
that fact will be furnished, if the information for
which I call can be had. I have instanced the
two counties of Johnson and Shawnee as an illus-
tration. Shawnee, I am informed, as shown by
the census had a larger number of legal votes re-
turned than Johnson, and yet in this constitution
twice the number of representatives and twice the
number of Senators are awarded to Johnson
county that are awarded to Shawnee; and I am
told the excuse for thus awarding double repre-
sentation to Johnson county is predicated on the
fraudulent returns at the Oxford precinct.
If that be true with regard to Johnson county,
if it be true in regard to McGee county, if it be true
in regard to the whole apportionment, is it not
important that the facts should be brought before
the Senate m order to ascertain how the matter
stands > I do not allege this to bo so; I am in-
formed that it is so; 1 believe it is so. The pro-
duction of the facts will settle the question. If I
have been misinformed, let it be shown; and when
these facts come I shall correct any misappreheu-
