2752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.Tune 7.
Mr. IVERSON obtained the floor.
Mr. MALLORY. A remaik fell from my
friend from Ohio, which it is necessary for the
Commb'ce on Naval Affairs to answer. He re-
marked that this amendment was an old friend of
Ins 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Georgia is entitled to ihe floor.
Mr. 1VERS0N. There is no question before
the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the Senator allow me
to answer one remark of the Senator from Ohio ?
I will nor occupy the floor a moment
Mr. IVERSON. I wilt, as a personal favor.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Ohio says
that this is an old acquaintance 
Mr. FESSENDEN. i would inquire of the
Chair if it is in order for the Senator to speak
after the proposition has been referred to the
Committee on Printing?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sustains
the point of order.
Mr. MALLORY. Very well, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. I offer an amendment, to in-
sert as a new section:
%/iml be it further enacted, That oil the officers of the Navy
who were pin on the retired list, upon furlough pay, by ttie
late retiring naval boaid, who have been advanced and put
on the leave-pay list, by the late naval courts of iiiquny,
with the approval of the lVwaidcnt, shall bo entitled to le-
ceive leave pay, tor and during the tune they were on the
furlough list aforesaid, deducting Mich sums as they might
li<tv ; received tot fui lough pay during tho e-aid tunc, and that
such ofhner* as wave dropped from the Navy by the Presi-
dent, under the decision and leeommendauon oi the said
retiring hoard, and have been rctoied to the Navy by the
said naval courts of lnquuy and the President, and put upon
the furlough or leave list, shall be entitled to pay according
to their present position, during the tune they weie dropped
out of the Navy, deducting any amount wluch thov might
have s everally received under the act of January 16, 1857,
entitled "An act to amend an act to promote the efficiency
of the Navy."
Mr. HUNTER. This is to provide for a pri-
vate claim. It is to give back pay, as I under-
stand it. It is entirely u case of individuals.
Mr. IVERSON. I am aware of the point of
order which the Senator has raised on this prop-
osition. 1 desire to make an explanation of my
amendment. This comes from the Committee on
Claims, which might be considered rather an in-
appropriate committee to present an amendment
of this sort to the naval appropriation bill, but for
the fact that the memorial of one officer has been
presented, and referred to the Committee on
Claims; and the committee, taking- into considera-
tion that particular case, deem it advisable to in-
troduce a general amendment, applying to nil of-
ficers, instead of introducing a hill applicable to
the individual who presented the clann. 1 will
not go back to the act of 1^55, which created the
retiring bouid, by which many of those o/Ticeis
were retired and put on the furlough and other
Jwn.
Mr. HUNTER. I have raised a point of or-
der.
Mr. IVERSON. I am aware, m relation to
the point of order, that this amendment may be
strictly not in order; hut as the Senator aul the
Chair will remember, a few days ago, when a sim-
ilar question was undei discussion, I referred to
a number of piocedents in which back pay,as the
Senator from Virginia calls it, was put upon ap-
propriation bills. I referred to the case during the
last Congress of Mr. Pendleton, a charge d'alTuues
at one of the Republics of South America, and the
back pay of Mr. Schenck, and the back pay of
Mr. Maish, all put upon the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill. That was for compensation
for services already rendered. Also, in 1850,an
amendment was made to the Indian appropriation
bill, appropriating #20,000 to pay to the Central
Bat.k of Georgia an amount due to the State of
Georgia. That was an appropriation, tire object
of which had long shko past. In that same bill
an appropriation of $72,000 was inserted for the
pay of the Texas volunteers, who had already
served; and money was appropriated paying those
volunteers. If I had time to search the records, I
couid find fifty cases in which precisely similar
amendments have been inserted m a general ap-
propriation bill. The point of order was made in
aU those cases. The Chair did not decide the
point of order, but submitted the question to the
Senate whetkerthey would receive it or not. It
is competent for the Chair to do that. He may
put the question, " Will the Senate receive this
amendment?'* The Senate may overlook the
30th rule, or adhere to it, and oust an amendment
which is not strictly within that rule. I shall ask
the Chair, therefore, respectfully to put it to the
Senate to know whether this amendment will be
received. It is a very important amendment, and
many individuals will be affected by it.
Those officers were put out of the Navy by
the retiring board, m 1855. Some of them weie
dropped, and others were put upon the furlough
list, and only drew furlough pay during the time
they were out. Now, sir, these very officers, under
the act of last session, have made their applica-
tions to the courts of inquiry, and have been ad-
vanced in their position. Some who have been
dropped have been restored to the Navy, and put
on furlough and leave lists; and more, ordinarily
put on the furlough list, have been advanced by
those courts to the leave of absence. It goes
upon the presumption that these decisions of the
recent courts are conclusive that the original find-
ing of the board of fifteen was wrong; that they
ought never to have been dropped or placed on
the furlough list; and the committee, in fact, oc-
cupy the same position now, under the decision
of the recent courts of inquiry. The same pro-
vision, Mr. President, was applied in the act of
the last Congress, making provision for these
courts of inquiry. The sixth section of that act
declares:
" That all officers who may be restored to active service,
under (he piovision* of thi« act, shall be entitled to chaw
the same pay they were drawing at the time they were re-
tired oi diopped tor and during the tune of such retirement
or suspension from the active service jiore*aid."
All the officers who have been restored to the
active service by the decisions of the recent courts
of inquiry are, under the operation of this sec-
tion, drawing full pay from the time they were
originally retired by the old retiring boaid. Now,
sir, by a parity of reasoning and of justicc these
officers who have not been restored to active ser-
vice, but advanced from the positions in which
they were placed by the retiring board to higher
positions, are entitled to their present compensa-
tion, from the time they were thus retired.
Mr. HUNTER. I think there is a question of
order pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was in -
dulging the Senator from Georgia, no objection
being made. Objection being made, he will de-
cide the point of order.
Mr. HUNTER. I would not object; but it is
nearly nine o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
be happy to gratify the Senator from Georgia by
pulling: the question, " Shall the amendment be
received ?" (the proper question would be, " Is it
in order?") but the Chair having no doubt on the
point of order, thinks if his duty to decide it. He
does not think the amendment is in oidur, under
the rule.
Mr. IVERSON. I respectfully appeal from the
decision of the (-hair, and let the Senate decide.
The question being put, the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. KENNEDY. I would suggest at this very
late period of the day, after a prolonged and ar-
duous session, and as there is no probability in
the world of coming to a vote 
Mr. HUNTER. We shall finish in half an
hour.
Mr. KENNEDY. Then I yield, and will not
make the motion 1 intended to make to adjourn.
Mr. DELL. 1 want to send an amendment to
the Chair that I ottered to another bill by the au-
thority of the Committee on Naval Affairs. It is
to insert at the end of the bill:
Skc. —. And be it further enacted, That from and after
the 1st day ot .fuiv. IS.'.G. the eiet mev-enseis., and watch-
men. at the navy-yard and muuttc barracks at Washington
shall he entitled to ic-eive the compensation authorized
by the act* of Apul *2}, 1854, and Auyust 5. (or the
payment of which such sum as may be necessary be, and
the same is herebj, apptopnatcd out of any money in the
Tiea>uty not otherwise appropnated.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that out of order ? Is
it not for back pay, and a private claim?
Mr. BELL 1 want to say a word on this sub-
ject. This amendment has passed* the Senate
twice heretofore. The other day I was author-
ized by the committee to present it to either of
these bills, as it is appropriate enough to either
the miscellaneous bill or this one. The honor-
able Senator took that exception then, and the
Senate was of opinion that it was not in order;
but it was not ruled out of order by the Chair.
I wish to say a word or two in relation to it.
It is to carry out an extsting law. Here are
some four, five, seven, or eight clerks, messen-
gers, and watchmen at the navy-yard, who, for
the last four years, I believe, have been deprived
of one fifth of their salaries as established by law.
It was said the other day, m some remarks made
upon the subject by the Senator from Virginia 
he did not argue it, but asked me if it was not a
private claim—that it was arrearages of pay;
and it was suggested by a Senator near me that
certainly it was a private claim, and a very fit
case to go to the Court of Claims. Now, here are
seven or eight men, poor clerks and messengers,
who have been in that service twenty-five years,
I have got a list of the service. If this case should
be sent to the Court of Claims they will have to
pay their lawyer, and there is not more than two
hundred dollars a year coming to them. They
are to be referred to the Court of Claims. For
what reason ? Because an officer of the Treasury
arbitrarily chooses not to estimate for these clerks
upon a reason of his own. For what reason?
He thinks the clerks and messengers of this yard
ought not to have more than the clerks and mes-
sengers in other yards, when Congress decided
they should have more; and these poor fellows
have been appealing to us for three or four years.
It is due under an existing law.
The VICE PRESIDENT.' Will the Senator
be kind enough to refer to the provisions of law
providing for it, that he may decide the point of
order ?
Mr. BELL. I shall have great pleasure in doing
it. The first section of the act of the 22d of April*
1854, classifies all the clerks, and fixes their sal-
aries; then it goes on, and the next section is in
these words:
" That the stamp and blank agent for the Post Office De-
partment rcccive the same ^alruy as clerks of the aeeoml
clas*. piovided for in the first section of this act; and an
addition ot twenty per cent, l* hereby added"—
not an extra compensation for that time—
" to the pay now authorized bv law to each of the mes-
sengers. packers, laborers, and watchmen, of the different
Executive Dcpaitiuents of the Government in Washington ;
to the cleiks employed at the navv-yard and marine bar-
racks at Washington ; to the clcik, messenger, and laboier,
m the office ot the Commissioner ot Public Buildings." &c.
Again, by the second section of an act—the
naval appropriation bill—passed at a subsequent
period of the same session m 1854, it is provided:
" Jlndbeit further enacted. That the provisions contained
in the act of the 22d Apiil, 1854''—
which I have just read—
| kk adding a percentage to the pay of the cleiks employed at
f the nave ynd in Vtrn<;lnn«ron city, he con«tiued so as to
' include the cleiks and messengers in the otiiee of the navy
! agent tor •i-iid jaid, and the messenger in the cominand-
j ant'* oll'iee."
j That is a distinct item.
1 The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
i have the amendment read again.
i The Secretary read it.
j Mr. BELL. There ought to be added to the
! amendment this further act of August 5, 1854.
| Mr. COLLAMER. I would suggest to the
s gentleman that it strikes me, from tile reading of
the amendment, it effects nothing. It provides
that they shall receive the pay given to them by
that act.
Mr. BELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. If it has been decided at
i the Department that that act does not give them
anything, they will not get anything by this
amendment.
Mr. BELL. They have not decided any such
thm^.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the ear of the
Chair heatd the amendment, he does not perceive
that it is out of order. It seems to him to carry
out an existing law.
Mr. PUG II. Does the Chair decide that amend-
ment to be in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes; as the Chair
could catch the reading of the amendment.
Mr. PUGSH. It depends on no power on earth.
Does it follow that an amendment to carry out
any existing law is in order?
Air. BELL. Undoubtedly it is.
Mr. PUGH. I understand that law requires
' an appropriation of public money on the subject.
' This may be all the law on the subject, but it is
