1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
848
validity, the fairness of any election under the
State constitution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly, a question has
been referred that involves the legality of that con-
stitution; because its validity, as I am prepared to
show, depends on the vote of the 4th of January,
so far as it may be considered an embodiment of
the popular will. I wish copies of the laws, I
wish the census under them, I wish the votes
at the elections, for the purpose of ascertaining
the fact whether this constitution is the act of the
people of Kansas, or whether it is repudiated le-
gally according to the forms of law by the people
of Kansas. I believe that the facts for which I
call will prove that the people of Kansas, accord-
ing to the forms of law, at a legal election, have
repudiated, and declared null and void, this con-
stitution. if it be true that at an election author-
ized by law, an election legal in its results, this
constitution has been rejected by ten thousand
majority, then I think it is proper that we should
have the opportunity of knowing it. There is a
great variety of facts for which the resolutions call
that I deem important and essential. If the in-
formation I have received about these enormous
frauds is not true, the friends of this measure
ought to desire the information in order to show-
that it is not true.
Mr. MASON. I respectfully submit to the
Chair that one of two things must be done: either
the honorable Senator must be curtailed in his
course of remark, or the whole question bo thrown
open to debate, (and I need not predict that the
debate will last many days,) because he is going
now into the merits of the resolutions which he
has offered. On a question of priority of business,
he assigns reasons why he wants the information
that the resolutions call for. He assigns no rea-
son why it is important that that information
should be obtained now as a question of priority
over the unfinished business of yesterday; being
the Army bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will give that reason now.
Mr. MASON. But I mean to say this: 1 ask
that the decision of the Chair maybe enforced, or
that it may be understood that the whole debate
shall be gone into.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is entirely unnecessary to
ask that the decision of the Chair shall be en-
forced, for I shall yield, voluntarily and cheer- i
fully, obedience to it the moment it is announce*!.
When the Chair deci'ded some time ago that the
line of argument I was then pursuing was not
quite justified by the rules, I waived it. When I
asked the question whether I could give reasons
for taking up the resolutions, the Chair did not
understand that I could give none, but he said I
must not be too lengthy and must not wander j
from the question. I thenproceeded to show what ,
were my reasons, keeping within the line indi- :
cated by the Chair. The Senator from Virginia
is under the impression that I have shown the
importance of this information, but have not
shown why it should now be had in preference
to considering the Army bill. On that point I
will say there is no great necessity for the Army
bill, to-day or to-morrow; it makes no difference
whether it be passed this week or next week.
This information I must have now, or it will be
too late, or I shall be held responsible for post-
poning the Kansas question. If the Senator from
Virginia, or those with whom he acts, will assure
me that the Kansas question shall not be pressed
upon me until I get this information, I will with-
draw my motion now, and agree to go on with
the Army bill.
Mr. MASON. I can only say, in regard to j|
that, that being perfectly satisfied that the inform- jj
ation for which the Senator calls, if it could be 'i
had, would lead to no results which ought to af- j|
feet the question submitted to thecommitteej these ji
resolutions shall never pass by any aid of mine, \
or by my vote. In my view, if the information \
could be had for which the resolutions call, it is
not information which the Committee on Terri-
tories ought to act upon, in its deliberation on the
admission of the State of Kansas. It belongs to i;
the people of Kansas and the State of Kansas, but <!
not to Congress. j!
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator is frank in |i
avowing that his objection to my motion results [
from his opposition to this call for information, I
and not from his anxiety to have the Army bill j
passed. He is perfectly frank. I am glad of it
If it is the determination of the Senate that this
information shall be smothered, that no means of
acquiring it shall be given, you may as well say
so at once. If the Senate is determined that I
shall not investigate the fact whether the appor-
tionment in the Lecompton constitution is based
on fraudulent votes or on actual population, then
it will do right in voting down my resolutions.
The objection of the Senator from Virginia is to
the resolutions at any time, not to postponing the
Army bill.
Mr. MASON. Both.
Mr. DOUGLAS. One good reason is always
sufficient, without adding another; but 1 have no
objection to taking it that way. I submitted the
resolutionscalling for this information last Thurs-
day. They were then, by a side motion, post-
poned and got rid of. I have asked for their con-
sideration on each day since that, when the Senate
has been in session. Deeming it essential to have
it, believing that it will expose fraud that affects
not only the election, but fraud in the making of
the constitution—fraud in the apportionment for
the Legislature under the constitution—fraud
which hereafter is intended to secure the power
of the Legislature in the hands of a minority in
opposition to a majority 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois will pardon the Chair 
Mr. MASON. If debate is gone into, there
must be reply.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pardon the Chair for a moment. The Chair is
very clear, with great respect to the Senator from
Illinois, that his remarks are not in order upon a
question of the priority of business. The Chair
will hear any suggestion,according to the sense
of the Senate, that the Senator may make, why
these resolutions should be taken up now to the
exclusion of the special order; but the Chairdoes
think the remarks of the Senator are not in order.
We must have an established order of business;
and this is subversive of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My respect for the Chair
and for the body restrains me from pressing a
statement of my reasons any further. I will now
ask a vote by the yeas and nays on the question
of postponing the Army bill, and taking up these
resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
have been ordered. The Secretary will call the
roll.
Mr. DAVIS. Before proceeding with the call
of the roll, I wish merely to state that the reso-,
lution offered by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot,] acquires additional importance at this
time, from the fact which has been exhibited, that
a Senator has sought to postpone the considera- j
tion of a subject which was continued from vester- i
day, by the consent of the Senate, to be entered
upon at a certain period to-day, and finished at a
certain hour; and I do hope that the Senate will
now redeem its obligation to the unfinished bnsi- •
ness. !
The question being taken by yeas and nays, i
resulted—yeas 23, nays 24; as follows: ;
YEAS--Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Cameron, Chandler, !
Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Fe^enden, j
Foot, Foster, Hale, IXamlm, llailan, King, Seward, Sim- j
mons, Stuart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—23. i
NAYS—.Messrs Bayaid,Benpmin, Bigler,Bright, j
Crittenden. Davjo, Evana, Fitzpatrick. Gwin, Hammond, j
Houston, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, i
MalJoiy, Mason, Polk, Pu^h, Seba.-tianj Slide!!, Toombs, ■
and Wright—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re- j
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 79) ;
to increase the military establishment of theUni- ;
ted States, the pending question being on the mo-
tion of Mr. Toombs to strike out the first section, I
m the following words:
" That there shall be added to each of the rejriments of J
diagoo«?,cavahy, infantry, and of mounted riflemen, two :
companies, to be oigamzed in the same manner a  the com-
panies now composing those arms respectively, and to re- 1
ceive tlie^arne pay and allowances, onu to be entitled to the >
same proviMons and benefits m cveiy respect, arc au- '•••
thonzed by the existing laws; they shall be subject to the ;i
rules and articles of war, and the enlisted men are to be re- j;
eruited m the same manner as other troops, with the swine 'j
conditions and limitations."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from \
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] is entitled to the :!
floor.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose at this time to detain the Senate from taking
the vote on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Georgia. Idid propose, and I do still
propose, to say a few words in favor of the amend-
mentwhich I have intimated thatlintend to offer,
but I shall waive that for the present; I shall wait
until the vote has been taken on the motion of
the Senator from Georgia to strike out the first
section of the bill.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I have been far
more willing to listen than to take any part in the
debate which has gone on so far upon this bill;
but I do not feel at liberty to give my vote on the
motion offered by the Senator from Georgia,
without a word of explanation, and of explana-
tion only.
There are none, I apprehend, in the Senate, who
are more disinclined to increase the public force
of the country further than is absolutely neces-
sary for the public service than I am, whether it
be in the Army or in the Navy. But whatever
opportunities other Senators may have, I confess
that my means of knowing what the necessities
of the public service are in reference to the use of
the public force are very limited,and I am obliged
to lely, to a very great extent, on the information
given to me from that Department which is par-
ticularly charged with that subjcct—I mean the
executive department. I do not advert to any
blind reliance on the Executive, or any undue
confidence in the executive department, with its
present or any other head. I give them the con-
fidence that must be due from one branch of the.
Government to the other; but 1 know that from
our recent very large acquisitions of territory, it
would seem to have become the more necessary
to enlarge the Army, chiefly for the purpose of
protecting our people on the frontiers, or of pro-
i tecting our people who are in transitu between the
! Atlantic and the Pacific States. I know, too, (and
it has been disclosed here more than once,) that
the £reat expenditure of the Army arises from the
staff department, chiefly the quartermaster's de-
partment. The great source of expenditure in the
Army is the expense of transportation, not of
troops only, but of the supplies necessary for
those troops. I know it has been the great labor
of my honorable colleague, [Mr. Hunter,] who
is charged more particularly with the finances of
the country in the Senate, as far as practicable
to cut down those expenditures: and yet he has
found it impossible, because of the necessarily
dispersed condition of our Army over the im-
mense territory which they are called upon to
pervade.
I was very much struck, in this connection,
with a remark which fell from the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, (than
whom none is more competent to give information
to the Senate on all subjects connected with the
military department,) that when the. Army was
small, and it was found necessary to transport
them on sudden emergencies from one to another
very distant point, great expense must be incurred
in that transfer, and the transportation which ac-
companies it, which might have been avoided, or
to a great extent curtailed, if the materiel of the
Army were large enough to increase the number
of military posts on the frontier. Now if it be
true, (and I know it is true,) that the very great
expense of the Army is in the transportation,
in the quartermaster^ department, it might be
economy to increase the number of men in order
to increase the number of military posts. It does
not follow that because we raise our Army from
fifteen to twenty or twenty-five thousand men, we
thereby increase the expenditure; for it may result
that by confining it to the smaller number of men,
a larger expenditure is required in order to make
a proper disposition of it. I should be very much
gratified if it would be in my power to interpose
a vote here which would prevent an increase of
the Army, even to the amount contemplated by
the Committee on Military Affairs; and I would
do it, if I could confide in my judgment rather than
hi that of those who have an opportunity of sur-
veying a field which is not open to nit1. I shall
therefore vote against the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Georgia, and, so far as my vote goes,
sustain the vrojet of the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. The proposition before the Sen-
ate is to strike out that section of the bill which
