2754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. M A.LLORY. Yes, sir. I beg leave to say
that vessels are almost always named before being
built. Such lias been the case in my recollection;
and every vessel has been named previously by
the President of the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
taken.
The amendment to theamendment was rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the Army bill,
meaning then to move to adjourn. I only wish
to have it taken up, so that it may be the order
for to-morrow.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust that will not be done.
The other Senator from Virginia gave notice that
he would call up his bill in regard to our foreign
relations to-morrow; and, as he is not here, I
think it is rather a snap judgment.
Mr. HUNTER. If by my superior diligence
I get that advantage, I submit I am entitled to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On behalf of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, I feel bound to protect
them against the superior skill and diligence of
the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. BAYARD. I think it is the practical busi-
ness as against Buncombe; and I am in favor of
the practical business.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate adjourn
The motion was not agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Hunter was agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro- |
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 243) mak- !
ing appropriations for the support of the Army i
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1859. j
On motion of Mr. Hunter, the Senate (at nine j
o'clock, p. m.) adjourned. ;
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 7, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SAVAGE. I wish to say to the House,
that, ns the friend of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Hughes,j in regard to the language that
passed between him and the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Harris] in the debate on the Minne-
sota election case, 1 met a distinguished citizen
of my own State, Major William H. Polk,'as the
friend of the gentleman from Illinois, and that
Major Polk and myself, after carefully consider-
ing' the debate and its antecedents, determined
that no hostile meeting ought to take place, and
have settled the difficulty upon terms, in our opin-
ion, alike honorable to both gentlemen.
SAMUEL FITTS'S REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Claims a bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Samuel Pitts,
deceased; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed. <
FIVE DECEASED CLERKS. I
Mr. MAYNARD also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of five deceased clerks in the Philadel-
phia custom-house; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House,and", with the report, ordered to be printed.
JAMES PHELAN.
Mr, MAYNARD also, from the samc'commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of James Phelan;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the report, ordered to be prinLed.
CHARLES JAMES LANMAN.
Mr. MAYNARD also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of Charles James
Lanman; which was read a first and second tune,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report, ordered to be printed.
L. F. TASISTRO.
Mr. MAYNARD also, from the same commit-
tee, presented an adverse report in the case of L.
F. Tasistro; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
LANDS FOR INDIANS IN TEXAS.
Mr. REAGAN, by unanimous .consent, re-
ported, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, a
bill for the acceptance by the United States of the
jurisdiction and control of certain lands set apart
by the State of Texas for the colonization of the
Indians of that State, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and its further consideration post-
poned till the second Tuesday in December next.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed a bill of the
House (No. 85) for the relief of Peter Parker.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles:
An act (S. No. 226) for the relief of Mrs. Har-
riet 0. Reid, executrix of the late Btevet Colonel
A. C. W. Fanning, of the United States Army;
An act (S. No. 318) for the relief of'Keep, Bard
& Co., J. Caultield, and Joseph Landis & Co.;
and
An act (S. No. 323) to confirm the sale of the
reservation held by the Christian Indians, and to
provide a permanent home for said Indians; when
the Speaker signed the same.
TIME OF HOLDING COURT IN TEXAS.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported, by unanimous consent, a bill
to change the time of holding the spring term of
the district court of the United States for the
western district of the State of Texas; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. HOUSTON. This bill simply proposes
to change the time of holding one of the terms of
the United States district courts in the State of
Texas. It meets the approbation of the judge,
the bar, and the people. I ask that it be put upon
its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
GOTTLIEB SCIIRERER.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, from the
same committee, reported, by unanimous con-
sent, a bill for the relief of Gottlieb Schrerer;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. This bill
! does not take a penny out of the Treasury, but
I! meiely relieves this man from a penalty incurred
i' by him. 1 ask that it be put upon its passage.
1! The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEPREDATIONS OF CREEK INDIANS.
Mr. SHORTER. There is a bill upon the Pri-
vate Calendar to provide for the examination and
pay men t of certain claims of citizens of Georgiaand
Alabama, on account of losses sustained by dep-
redations of the Creek Indians. I do not ask the
House to take up that bill and put it upon its pas-
sage, but I ask the House to assign some day next
j session when the partiesmay havrahearing. They
i have been here for the last ten years pressing their
\ claims; the bill has frequently passed the Senate,
but it never has been discussed in this House. I
1 do not ask to have it discussed this session, but
: that the House will fix some time next session
' when the bill may be fully and fairly discussed
i on its merits, and a decision had thereon. I ask
i the unanimous consent of the House that it be
j made the special order in Committee of the Whole
House for'the second Friday in December next.
Mr. COBB. Say the third Friday in Decem-
ber. 1 want time to look into the question.
Mr. SHORTER. I have no objection to that.
No objection being made, the hill was made the
special order, in Committee of the Whole House,
for the third Friday in December next.
COSTS IN UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported back, wiih a recommendation that
it do not pass, House bill (No. 294) to regulate
the fees Snd costs to be allowed district attorneys
of the United States, clerks, marshals, attorneys,
and other officers in the circuit and district courts
of the United States, and for other purposes;
which was laid upon the table, and, with the re-
port, ordered to be printed.
COSTS IN COURTS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I ask the
unanimous consent to report back from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, with an amendment, ill
the nature of a substitute, House bill (No. 53) to
regulate the fees and costs to be allowed marshals,
district attorneys, clerks, jurors, and witnesses, in
the State of California, and the Territories of Or-
egon and Washington.
The act of 1853 gave them one hundred per
cent, on the fees allowed in the older States for
two years,and fifty per cent, for two years longer.
This bill merely proposes to continue the act of
1853 for two years longer.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 object.
REPRESENTATIVES OF DANIEL HAY.
Mr. WASHBURNE.ofMaine. Iasktheunan-
imous consent of the House that the Committee
of the Whole House be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of Senate bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of Daniel Hay, deceased.
There being no objection, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill.
The bill was read in extenso.
It provides that the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury shall pay to the legal represent-
atives of Daniel Hay, deceased, a sum'equal to
two per centum on all moneys" disbursed by him
as agent for paying pensions from and after the
20th of April, 1836, with interest on the same
from April 30, 185G.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
previous question on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How did this bill
come up ?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I thought the bill
was read for information only.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had it read first
for information, and it was then read at length on
its engrossment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This belongs to
a class of cases, and if we are going to legislate
upon them, we should pass a general bill. My
own opinion is that the whole class i# wrong.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. In a case exactly
like this, a bill was passed for the benefit of a gen-
tleman ill the gentleman's own State during the
last Congress, and 1 think this ought to pass now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would say that
the fact that there was a ease passed for a gentle-
man in Tennessee is not conclusive that it is right.
There are other cases of the same character in
Tennessee; and my remark was, that if you ill-
tended to relieve these persons, you should pass
a general law, and deal out equal justice to all of
them, and not pass a separate bill for each indi-
vidual case.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I did not cite the
|l gentleman's case to show that it was conclusive
|i proof that it was right. But we have waited
j twenty years for Congress to pass a general law,
! and they have failed to do so; and now we ask
" that justice shall be done to this applicant. The
i bill has passed the Senate; and has been reported
I' on favorably by the committee of this House,
I and I think it ought to be passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think
ij there isany justice in the bill; and 1 move to lay
!: it upon the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Had the gentleman the floor to
make that motion ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's colleague
called for the previous question, and it was per-
fectly competent for the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Jones] to take the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. I ask that the
