1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
do not refer to the extra compensation, but are ,
payments running back for some poiiod. j
Another consideration I have been requested to j
state, and there is some force in it. It has been 1
said here that the House of Representatives went !
Qn in violation of the understanding of the two j
branches of Congress—that they chose to act in-
dependently of the Senate in relation to this mat-
ter. That is clearly a misapprehension. One of
the very last things which was done by the Sen-
ate at the last session, was to pass a joint resolu-
tion allowing this extra pay to our own clerks
and employes. That resolution was offered by
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] and
was'sent to the House of Representatives, and the
House agreed to it, and it was sent to the Presi-
dent, and the President omitted to sign it for want
of time or some other reason.
'Mr. TOOMBS. He refused to sign it, very
properly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not understand that
he did.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know that he refused to sign
it; and he did right, too.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Whether he did right or
wrong, 1 do not comment on; I am stating the
fact. The House of Representatives then, m con-
travention of what the Prestdenthad done, voted
to pay these employes out of their contingent
fund, but notin contiavention of what the Senate
had done. They were carrying out what the Sen-
ate had indicated to be its own wish, thatall these
officers should receive the compensation. It was
in defiance of the President, but not in defiance of j
what the Senate had agreed to. The Piesident
having refused to sign the joint lcsolution which ,
had been agreed to by the Semite and House of !
Representatives, the House then determined to
use their contingent fund for this pui pose, and the j
Senate did not. That is the state of the case as j
1 understand it, and being so, thcio is no violation j
of any understanding between the House ami
Senate. It is a mere question of whether the Pies-
ident should control 
Mr. TOOMBS. If it was not in violation of j
the understanding, I ask whether it was not in
violation of the law—the joint resolution of ]854>
I understand—and I wish the Senator would an- |
swer me—both Houses said they would not make j
this allowance withoutauthority oflaw,ora joint j
resolution signed by the President. "We passed |
one, it seems, and the House put an amendment |
to it, and the President refused to sign it; there- j
fore it was not a law, but this was done in viola- ;
tion of law, and the House said they would do it I
out of the contingent fund. !
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course, the whole dc- j
bate has gone on the assumption that it was a
violation of law. That is the very reason of the
difficulty in which we find ourselves placed. The
law existed. The House and Senate passed a
joint lesolution, jind if the President had signed
it, the law would have been repealed; but he did
}iot sign it, and therefore it stood; but it was not
known to the Uouse,or undei stood by the House,
that the reason the President would not sign it
was, that it would be in violation of law, for lie
would not give so foolish a reason as that, because
the moment he signed it that became the law, and
the old law ceased to exist. But he chose to say
that either House should not pay the extra com-
pensation to its employes—a very great imperti-
nence on his part, m my opinion. They have a
light to make extia compensation; that is to say,
it is one of those ca3cs where, I think, the Pres-
ident ought to leave it to the discretion of the
Senate and House to do as they please, unless
they propose to do something very unreasonable.
It was in violation of law undoubtedly for the
House of Representatives to do afterwards what
they did, The ground on which it has been
placed was, that the House did that on the pre-
sumption on which they had before acted, and
the Senate had acted, m paying the usual com-
pensation at every session of Congiess.
Now, sir, one word more, for I do not propose
to express an opinion or a wish, for I have none;
or to argue the matter, but merely to state a fart.
Some statement was made by the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Green] yesterday, intimating that
the Clerk of the House had not paid this money,
and somebody had said he would pay the whole
for a certain small sum of money. 1 have been
requested by Mr. Cullom to say that all these
statements are utterly without foundation; that he
actually paid without recourse to anybody, with-
out bargain or understanding of any description
or kind, all the money for which he has exhibited
vouchers, and more,amounting to some fifteen or
seventeen thousand dollars. He has paid it out;
it has gone beyond his legal control. Some of it
may be paid back again if this section does not
pass; but a large part of it cannot be, for some of
the parties are unable to pay, and some say they
will not pay anyhow. I-Ie states that on his own
responsibility, and requests me to say that any
statements made contravening that, to any extent,
are founded entirely in error, and contrary to the
facts.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I said a few words when
this question was up before us in Committee of
the Whole; and I am induced now to add some-
j thing to what I then said, on account of what I
| consider the very extraordinary position assumed
1 by the Senator from Maine. The position as-
I sumed by the Senator from Maine is, that in his
judgment it was a piece of impertinence in the
j President of the United States to decline signing
I a joint resolution—a joint resolution which I sup-
pose he must have refused to sign because he
' deemed the policy of the resolution one adverse
to the true interests of the Government, and the
honest employment of the public funds in the com-
pensation of the officers of the Government. There
j could have been no mistake, there could have been
| no misapprehension, as to the deliberate violation
! of the law; because, when the Senate desired to
i make this extra allowance, in obedience to law,
it put it in the shape of a joint resolution, in which
1 way alone could this allowance be made after the
! law had been passed as it then stood on the stat- j
jute-book. The House passed the joint resolution 1
! with us. Why did it pass, afterwards, the reso-
lution to pay out of the contingent fund ? The
Constitution says- ■
Mr. STUART. I wish to ask the Senator,
" Does he know that they did pass it afterwards
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 take that for granted.
IIow could they pass it before ?
1 Mr. STUART. I think it will be found that
: they did pass it before.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. I am instructed to say it
was passed afterwards. Whether it is so or not,
I do not know; but that is the intimation I have
[ received.
| Mr. BENJAMIN. After the President of the
j United States refused to sign this joint resolution,
1 there was but one mode of giving it ellcct, and
that was to repass it by the concurrent votes of
! two thirds of each House; but the House of Rep-
; resentativcs thought proper to declare, in effect,
! that it would not act in obedience to the law.
| I pass that consideration aside, however, for
j the purpose of attacking the main point on which
i this appropriation is now defended. The appro-
j priation is defended oil this ground—and there
was something plausible in it, when first put,
1 which recommended itself to my ideas of the
ij equity of the case; but all that has been dispelled
! by the debate; it was said this House officer, in
! obedience to the orders of the House of Repre-
sentatives, has made disbursements; and it is un-
just and improper that he should lose the sum so
disbursed, m consequence of Ills obedience to the
I oi dels of the House, of which he was an officer.
| Now, sir, in reference to the resolutions ot the
■ last two Congresses, we find this to be the ease:
, the public officer whose conduct is now ques-
tioned, and for whose relief this appropriation is
now sought, is Mr. Cullom. He was the Clerk
of the House of Representatives of the last Con-
gress, both sessions. Ill 1856, the House of Rep-
l rescntatives passed a resolution similar to that
j which it passed in 1837. Mr. Cullom made his
i disbursements; and what occurred? He was not
allowed a reimbui sement of the expenses so made,
1 in consequence of objections at the Treasury De-
; partinent; and the result was that, in the appro-
priation act of the 3d of March last, ho was noti-
fied not to make any more such disbursements.
He paid out in 1856 under the House resolution.
j III 1857 this law was passed:
! "The extra compeiiMUtoii •riven by each of the two
Homes of Congress in the year 1856, to us ofticer* am! cin-
> ployshall bo paid by its disbursing oflicer outol the eon-
'' tinyent fund."
|| That was a law passed by both Houses.
'! "And the accounts therefor shall be allowed by the ae-
'' oouuting-officer of the Treasury. But nothing herein eon-
taincd shall be so construed as to repeal the joint resolution
of the 20th of July, 1854, to fix the compensation of the
employes in the legislative department of the Government,
and to* prohibit the allowance of the usual extra compensa-
tion to such officers a* received the benefits thereof; which
saul resolution w hereby declared to be in full force and ef-
fect, except so far as herein piovided tor."
The Clerk having met with this difficulty in the
year 1856, the difficulty is obviated by legislation
in March. 1857; and he is notified in the legisla-
tion which relieves him, that it is the last time it
shall be done. He is notified that this is the last
time he will be relieved. The House again passed
the same resolution, and he comes here again and
tells us that he has paid out money, and asks us
to relieve him again.
That is the state of the case now before the
Senate, and he comes here upon statements and
suggestions that he paid out the money in good
faith; and the appropriation asked for, as I under-
stand, amounts to nearly seventy thousand dol-
lars, upon the suggestion that he has paid fifteen,
or sixteen, or seventeen thousand dollars.
Now, I am not disposed to be particularly cap-
tious about the reimbursement of tins or any sum
that he may actually have paid; but I desire an
investigation into that fact. It has been suggested,
on all sides, that the payments were not. actually
made, and we arc not in the habit of making ap-
propriations in answer to suggestions of thai kind,
upon the simple statement of the officer request-
ing a Senator to say that it is not true, and that
ho has paid. This, m point of fact, is neither
more nor less than a section for the relief of Mr.
Cullom. It is a private bill. Let u be stricken
from this deficiency bill. Let Mr. Cullom pre-
sent his petition to Congress, set forth the facta,
state his payments, establish them, and I will vote
for his irhef. But let us not again sanction this
breach of the law, this violation of the positive
statutory provision, and again repeat, as the Sen-
ator fiom Illinois said the other day, like the boy
at school," Knock the chip off my head;" " now
you have done it, do it again, and do it again."
We have passed this resolution eight, nine, or
ten successive times. Here is an admitted abuse
in the Government, admitted by the House, ad-
mitted by the Senate, shown to be so by the Pres-
i ident's refusing to sign thejoint resolution. Let
us stop here. Let us not give the money, and the
abuse will not take place again.
Mr. TOOMBS, t deem it proper toadd a few
remarks to what has been said, more in reference
to my own course. It seems perfectly clear that
this appropriation of money was made by the
House of Representatives against the law. It
! onght not to have been paid, and it ought not to
; bo reimbursed, ft is time that we should have the
j laws of this country enforced. It is time that the
! public purse should be put under the control of
; Congress; but it seems that as far as this body and
the other House are concerned , they are as imbe-
| cilc as children or idiots. Their very employe*
j make them violate the law whenever they please,
' and they have done it for ten years together. I
! recollect, in 1854, when the joint resolution was
| introduced changing the compensation of the em-
! ployes and adding twenty per cent, to their sal-
j aries. Weadded twenty per cent, to the salaries
I of a body of employes who are paid higher than
| any in this Union, as far as I am lnfonned, fur
| the amount of labor they do. It was done with
| the express declaration that the twenty per cent.
; was in lieu of all extra compensation. It was so
I expressed on the face of the law. It was declared
| that that was to he the end of such things: they
I were not to be done after that. If you look to the
i debates you will find that I said I did not believe
; a word of it. Therefore I have not been deceived.
1 Though they said so m their places, and said so
in their law, I knew from the past history of the
• Senate and House of Representatives that it would
1 not be carried out. It has been growing worse
; and worse every day: profligacy is becoming
: more and more universal in every department of
| the Government. There is a wild and reckless
j waste originating here, and imitated in every de-
1 partment of the Government. I had no hopes that
it would stop. What is the result? In defiance of
this law, the House of Representatives passed a
! resolution allowing this extra compensation, and
I think the Senator from Maine is mistaken as to
. the time when it was passed. It was passed be-
I fore thejoint resolution to which he alluded. It
was found out, however, that that would meet
