1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2755
report of the committee be read, before the ques-
tion is taken on the motion to lay upon the table.
I think that there can be no objection to it. It
has been reported on favorably at several sessions
of Congress.
Mr. SAVAGE. Has the previous question i
been seconded ? |
The SPEAKER. It has not. !
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle- i
man from Indiana [Mr. Case] who reported the i
bill can make any explanation that may be de- j
sired. i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to pro-
gress with the business in order. If debate be in i
order I do not object; otherwise, I do. |
The question was taken; and the House refused j
to lay the bill upon the table. !
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask that the report of the ;
committee be read.
The Clerk read as follows: ;
The Committee on Pension?, to whom \va« referred the i
petition of Daniel Hay. of Illinois, for compensation tor sei- '
vices as pension a«ent, and al&o a bill {ii No 23J) foi the i
relief of the leg.il representatives* ot David ilaj, dtccascd, ;
beg leave to report: 1
That they h.ive had the same under conpidei anon ; and I
find that the said Dantei Hay ivas  appointed pension agent 1
foi the State of Illiuoi-s jn Uio year 1«31 ; and that,horn the
tune of lus appointment up to the 20th of Apnl, 1838. in
accordance with the existing law at that time, ho was al-
lowed two percent, on the amount of his disbursements,
ah a compensation for Im service ;
The act of the 20th of Apnl, 1636, piovided (?ee Statutes |
at Laige, vol. 5,page 16,) *k that all such pigments shall he 1
hereat'tei made at Mich times and place-, by such poisons
oi poipnrations, and under such iemulations, as ihe Secie- !
taiyof War may direct; but no compensation or allowance
shall he made tosucli persons ot corporations for making
bueh payments without aaihonty of law
tfoon alter the passage ot this act, many of the pension
agents tendeied then icsignations—and anions them Mi.
Jiav himself—which, however, they weie induced ro with-
diaw, with the Os-suianee thai Conine^s would speedily
compensate them for then set vice-;. Nuiuoiou* efhii n weie
made, from time to time, to fix the compensation oi the-=e
officers ; but nothing wa« done in the matter until 'he 20ih ,
of Febiuaiy, 1847, when an act was passed allowing pen- !
sion agents a commission of two pei cent, upon then dis- ,
bui-ements. piovided the same should not exceed, in any '
case, the sum of ,$1,000 per annum.
But this law had no letrospeetive effect, and, ir  conse-
quence of this,, Mr. Hay received none ot its benefits.a- he
resigned the office in 1841 or 18 JO. He sot- foith in hit pe-
tition. which is dated January 'J9, 1842, that k* since April,
1«36, he had disbursed about one hundied and tlnify thou-
sand dollars m small sums, aveiaging about fotn-five dol-
lars each, without any compensation whatevei, even 101
stationeiy, books, 01 othei contingent expen-e-." It 1* not
to be supposed that he would have continued to hold the of-
fice under these circumstances, unl^s* he had been induced
to do so by the piomi-e and expectation of adequate com-
pensation. This reasonable expectation wa- eneouiaged
by the mtei est manifested in it bj almo-t even Government
officer under whose official notice the t-ubject passed • 1111 mg
the period of eleven veais, and until the law of l^T/ was
finally passed The "Secietaryoi Wat and Commissioner
ol Pensions, m their annual repoits 10 flic first f-e—ion of
tho Twenty Sixth Congie-«, and in their lepoits befoie and
since, have called the attention ot (Joinnese to the neces-
sity and justice of making provision for the pajment of these
agents.
In the annual report of the Secretaty of War, Tsowmher
28, 183S he says*
"i respectfully recommend that the eaily attention of
Congress should be called to the compensation to be granted
to tlie pension agents foi dischaigirig the duties of their
offices. The periormance of these duties 1- attended with
much labor ami expense, and very considerable responsi-
bility ; and it n unjust to exact it fiom any one without re-
muneiation. The agents have been induced to continue to
pay pensions m the expectation that an act would be passed
for their relief."—Ex. Doc , Twenty-Fifth Congress, third
session, vol. 1. page 109.
I11 the annual icport of the Commissioner of Pensions,
November 16, 1809, ho says : !
'•'The gieat inconvenience resulting from the employ- ;
ment of individuals, at considerable expense and regponsi- j
bihtv. without any compensation, to disburse and account .
for large ainounts'of public money, in small sums, renders
it necessaiy to present it again to the consideration of Con-
gress. Having no allowance by law, and furnished with
junds limited by the estimated disbursements, from month to
month, it is believed that the hope of future remuneration
by Congress has restrained most of than from resigning."'—
Er. Doc., Twenty-Sixth Congress, first session, vol. I, page
320
So important did this subject appear, that Mr. Polk, in
his annual message to the Twenty-Ninth Congress, second ,
session, December 8, 1846, said: ;
k£ Embairassment is likely to ari=p for want of legal pro- :
vision authorizing compensation to be made to the agents
emploved 111 the several States and Territories to pay the j
revolutionary and other pensioners tlie amount* allowed j
them by law. Your attention is invited to the recommen- |
dations of the Secietary of War on this subject. These \
agents incur heavy responsibilities and -perform important '
duties; and no reason exists why they should not he placed ,
o?i the^a>ne footing* as to compensation, v.ith other disburs-
ing officers."—Ex. Doc. No. 4, second session Twenty-Ninth
Congress.
Thus encouraged in the reasonable expectation that a law |
would be passed gianting him a compensation at least as |
libej al as that which he had received prior to the parage t
of the act of 1836, Mr. Hay retained out of the public
moneys, on going out ot office,an amount equal to two per
cent, upon the amount of his disbursements. This amount
was suffered to remain in his hand- some twelve or fourteen
years, when suit wa  brought against the securities of Mr.
flay, and they weie called upon to refund the amount thus
letamed, and his legal repiesentatives, on the 30th Apiil,
1856, paid the same "info the Treasury of the United States.
They now ask that this amount, together vv,th interest upon
the same fiom the time of such payment, be lefutided to
them.
A case precisely sumlai to this was biought before the
last Congress A Miit having been brought against the. sure-
ties ol Robert King, deceased, on his official bond,as pen-
sion agent at Knoxville, Tennessee, a bill was passed and
appioved August 18. 1806, dnectmg the distnctattnrney to
dismiss the sint, and providing "that the accounting ofli
cer of the Treasury shall fust adjust the accounts of Robert
King, as pension agent, allowing to the defendants fur nun
two per cent. 011 tho moneys paid out by linn for all the
time he acted as such agent, and for winch ho was never
allowed,'' See.—Private acts of first session Thirty-Fourth
Coj?grcs?. page 27.
The committee being fully impressed with the justice of
the efaim in the ease under consnleiation, herewith report
back Senate bill No. 230, without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage, and ask to be dischaiged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, requesting1 the re-
turn to the Senate of the bill (H. II. No. 356) for
the relief of Rosweil Minard, father of Theodore
Minard, deceased.
The SPEAKER. This was a House bill sent
to the Senate, and there it was amended by striking
out the second section. When the clerks of that
body returned it here they returned it without
noting the amendment. It was returned as hav-
ing passed the Senate as it went from the House.
The bill was so enrolled and signed by the Pre-
siding Officer of the House. The mistake was not
detected until the Presiding Officer of the Senate
was about signing it. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the House cannot grant the message of
the Senate, because the bill has passed from the
control of the House, inasmuch as the enrolled
bill has already been signed.
Mr. DAVIDSON". I desire to say to the House
that I took that bill and examined it thoroughly,
and could find no memorandum of any amend-
ment upon it. It was so enrolled, reported to the
House, and signed by the Speaker. I do not see
how tho House can fake any action on it. It has
been signed by the Speaker, and is now in the
Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON The only way in which the
mistake can now be corrected is by the passage
of an explanatory joint resolution.
The SPEAKER. That is the opinion of the
Chair.
REPORT OF DANIEL HAY AGAIN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will ask
that the Clerk now read the remarks of General
Cass on the question.
The Cleik read as follows:
'•Mr C.\>s >aid: J know something about this matte 1 .and
I can <-ately - ny that there no moreju->t provision in this
bill [die civil and diplomatic bill] than that which the I1011-
01 able Senator from Illinois, seeks to irweit 111 it 1 occupied
a gallon \\ Inch brought the *ubjcct befoio me some twenty
vents a«o. Pie\ious to that tune, the Rank of the United
Stales^ wasrequued, by the piovi>ion-. of her cnaiter. to
n \v peiiMon^ without compensation, the deposits being con-
-nh ied sufficient remunmatiou.
•' In the State* and Terntoues where the United States
Hank had no branches, individuals were appointed, who,
not ha\ing the benefits of the public dopoMtH— the funds
being furnished them a^ they were needed to be dwbui«ed—
were allowed a compensation toi then cervices. When
tlie deposit* were lemoved to the State bank*, the biiMneps
of paying pen-ions was removed w:fh them; and to pie-
vent the>e institution" from receiving compensation for
paying pt nsions when they were ieap ri2 the same benefits
fiom tlie public deposits winch the Bank of the United
States had, a law wns enacted 111183n p-uhibitm^ nny com-
pensation being allowed lor such >emee-.
'•This act cut o{f the compensation of the individual*
who had been appointed in tho*e few States arid Ten hoi iev
where banks could not be obtained to do the bUMiiuc-^ for
the u^e of the deposit*.
" When m the War Depaitmenr. I assured the«e imh\ :d-
uals that Congress, would make an appropriation to pay
them ; and with this a^suiance they continued to di?chaige
the duties of their offices
" Oongrc&s, however, thus far ha« failed to fulfill this
promise, although I believe there is nor an individual who
has occupied the War Department from that day to this,
who has not recommended the, measure.
The provision nn-= been pa^ed by the Senate once o>-
tvvice, and I do not know that it wn« evei objected to by
any one who examined the s>ul>|eet. These officers len-
dered the semce without a single cent of compensation,
and the question is, whether you aie willing now to pay
them.
k{ The amendment wa« agreed to."— (j^ee Dailv Globe,
20ih March, 18T>5 )
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, to enable me to introduce an amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would be
glad to accommodate my friend, but this is a Sen-
ate bill, and an amendment to the bill would haz-
ard its passage. I hope, therefore, the gentleman
will not embarrass it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under its
operation the bill was ordered to be read a third
tune, and was read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the previous question upon the passage of the
bill. *
j; The previous question was seconded, and the
j; main question ordered to be put-, and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS*
Mr. ROBBINS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions a bill for the relief of William
Randolph, that it may be put on its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move to suspend the rules,
to enable me to report the bill.
Tlie SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey has not the floor for that purpose, as the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Winslow]
is occupying tho floor; and what has been done,
has been done by unanimous consent.
The bill (H. R. No. 583) to provide for keep-
ing and distributing the public documents, intro-
duced on Saturday last, by unanimous consent
was then reported to the House.
Mr. KELLY. I hope the gentleman from North
Carolina will allow me to take up a joint resolu-
tion for the 1 chef of Harrison Morgan, for services
rendered the Government in carrying mails from
New Orleans to Texas. The fines which have
been imposed upon them amount to more than
they are entitled to receive from the Government.
They are willing to be fined in accordance with
the amount they have received. I think their
claim ajust and equitable one. The Postmaster
General thinks so, and so does the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. I hope there will
be no objection to it.
t Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not propose to ob-
ject to the proposition of the gentleman from
New York, but I must say that it would he bet-
ter to go to the business on the Speaker's table
and take up all the Senate bills there, and act
upon them in rotation.
Mr. WINSLOW, I would like to oblige the
gentleman from New York; but though it is not
in order for a gentleman to blow his own horn, I
think I can say that I have acted with great lib-
erality.
11 Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I appeal to
j! the gentleman from North Carolina to permit the
gentleman from New Jersey to report his hill.
l| The bill which he proposes to report is to put an
| old man, one of Wayne's old soldiers, on the pen-
| sion roll, at the rale of four dollars a month. He
I is one of my constituents, and I am afraid he will
■, die before this bill, giving him a pension, can pass.
Mr. CLEMENS. When does the pension com-
mence .'
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. In 1858,
i from the passage of the bill. I hope the House
will allow the bill to be reported, and that they
' will put it through.
Mr. WINSLOW. With the permission of the
\ gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kelly,] who
: made an appeal to me, I will do so.
! Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Thegentle-
i man from New Jersey [Mr. Robbins] was ahead
!■ of him in making a request.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
I: ular order of business.
; | Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then you
; will not let an old soldier have a pension !
j! Mr. WINSLOW. Well, I must go on,and I
j; send to the Clerk's desk an amendment which I
I! desire to offer to the bill under consideration
