1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1731
with difficulty; and then a joint resolution was
offered, and at first it was rejected in this body,
but finally it was passed, the Senate putting m
their employes. The President declined to sign
it. He was guilty of that " impertinence," it
being his duty under the Constitution to si^n what
he approved, artd to refuse his signature to what
he disapproved. The compensation of these of-
ficers being1 already greater than any other in the
whole Government, it having been raised two
years before with the explicit understanding ]3Ut
on the statute-book that the twenty per cent, in-
crease should be in lieu of all extra allowances,
the President was guilty of the " impertinence"
of telling a profligate Senate and a profligate House
of Representatives that they should not do it. I
honor him for at; and the people in any district of
the United States would honor liim for it.
Sir, there is irresponsibility here. These are
small things; but there is no responsibility in the
Senate for small or large appropriations on account
of the character of the question which has dis-
tracted Congress the last two years,—I may say
the last ten; there is none anywhere. All this
waste of public money; all this disregard of pub-
lie, principle is swallowed up in the sectionalstrifes
thathaveagitated thus country,and therefore there
is no real responsibility in the ordinary legisla-
tion of the Republic. This is a fact well known to
every Senator hereand to the nation. There is no
responsibility for these votes and hence the coun-
try la so universally badly governed.
1 see a notice, too, probably from your official
organ, one who attempts to lecture you whenever
it suits him, and who, I believe, gets whatever
compensation he chooses toask, the PublicPrinter
of this body, upona remark which I made yester-
day with reference to your reporters. Sir, by your
contract, it is the businessof your Public Printer
to furnish these debates and print them. He is
paid for it, paid extravagantly for it in my judg-
ment, and I have taken some pains to look into
it—paid largely for it. It is his business to pay
the reporters. You might as well undertake to pay
the printers in his office. You might as well go
and pay his paper-man, his press-man, or the in-
terest upon his types, as to come here and pay his
reporters. You firstagreed to take twelve of these
worthless books, these Congressional Globes;
then I believe you carried it up to more than ninety
copies, because he toM you that he could not get
aiong without it. Now he says there is a loss,
and he leaves it to his own posterity, hoping that
they may be able to wrench out of you whatever
they want and as often as they want it, as iie
has done. That is about the pretext he gives.
I say it is his business to pay these reporters,
and while I believe the reporters have done their
own duty it is not for me to pay them. Indeed,
as far as I am concerned I would not have one in
this House. No Senator ought to bespeaking
here for the country. The galleries are open to
everybody. Your proceedings are open as they
ought to be, as judicial proceedings are, though
they were not for many years after this Govern-
ment commenced. If a Senator wants to address
the country let him do it directly, by an address
to his constituents. That has been my own habit
since I have been connected with public affairs. I
have a rule which I made and have never d<y)arted
from, to speak to the question before the body and
to nothingelsc—to my fellow-Senators or feilow-
members whom I may address. If I desire to ad-
dress my constituents or the country, there are
other vehicles more appropriate than the Senate.
So far as these reports are concerned they are
nuisances, for one very good reason: as a general
rule, a speech that is fit to be spoken is not fit to be
printed, and a speech fit to be printed is not fit to be
spoken. It is merely for printing essays. One half
of tiiis very reporting for which you pay $7 50 a
column to the editor of the Globe consists of writ-
ten essays read here. The Senator from New York
will come in with his already in type; other gen-
tlemen all around me, on both sides of the House,
from all sections of the Union, who think proper
to write essays, come here and read them to the
Senate and indict on the country many of the
speeches, which we have. I am not objecting to
their character, but I would rather read them in my
own room. dOf course nobody pays any attention
to them here, it is not done anywhere else. These
written speeches are not attended to. They are
read and~handed to the reporter, and he gets so
much a column for printing them. It has been so
with half the speeches delivered in this bodythe
last two years, and it is a growing habit I believe.
Two thirds of the speeches arc written, and many
of them are printed before they areeverdelivered,
or in type ready to be thrown out on the country
the moment the speaker takes his seat. There-
fore, sir, as to this stampede they speak of of the
reporters, I would, out of my poor means, be per-
fectly willing to make a very reasonable allow-
ance to get rid of the whole of them.
Mr. PUGH. I would ask the Senator from
North Carolina to withdraw his amendment, for
the purpose of letting me move an amendment to
the enure section which, I think, will effect a re-
form. I move to strike out the entire section, and
insert:
That the accounting officers of the Treasury be author-
ized and directed to allow ciedit to the Clerk of the House
of Ucpioscntatives for Mich payment's out of its contingent
fund ;ts have been made under allowances authorized t>v
the JImw of Repicsentatives dining the last Congress, and
to chaise the amount oi every such payment to any clerk,
or other employ^, who lias received an allowance in addi-
tion to Ins salary prescribed by law, and deduct the amount
of such payment from whatever may be due to such clerk,
or other employ (i, from the Government of the United States
whether as compensation or otherwise.
I am willing to indemnify the Clerk; but if we
can reach this abuse, I think we outfit to stop it.
It is money that has gone out of the Treasury
contrary to law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make one ex-
planation. The Senator from Georgia stated that
lie knew the President refused to sign that joint
resolution.
Mr. TOOMBS. I heard him say so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am informed by two
gentlemen who were present, our own clerks, at
the time that he first objected that the time was
too late, and, oil looking at his watch, lie found
there were a few minutes left. lie then took the
resolution, looked it over, and found an interlin-
eation put into it which, apparently, did not make
sense. lie hesitated, and said, " I cannot sign it
at tins hour."
Mr. TOOMBS. I urged him not to sign it, and
he said he would not. That I know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have stated the reason
given to the two gentlemen to whom I have al-
luded. That was after the Sunatoi fiom Georgia
saw him, probably.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that his amend-
ment is not in order at present.
Mr. PUGH. I will state in explanation, that
the original section as it stands proposes to indem-
nify the Clerk not merely for what lie has paid,
but for payments hereafter to be made. I wish
to stop that. I want to indemnify him for no pay-
ment he has not yet made; but whatever lie has
[raid in good faith, in obedience to the order of the
House, I am willing to reimburse; but if the per-
sons who receive it are ill the employment of the
House or Senate or the Government, they have
received money illegally, and I think it ought to
be taken out of their salaries. That is the object
of my amendment.
Mr. KING. I think this bill a very good oc-
casion to make an example like that which the
Senator from Georgia urges us to make in this
section. Here is a bill appropriating over nine
million dollars, much of it contracted by the ex-
ecutive department of the Government, without
authority of law, and in advance of appropria-
tions. Such a practice as this ought not to be
allowed,and while I think Senators who make so
much claim to economy in assailing this small ap-
propriation of some eighteen or twenty thousand
dollars are right in resisting it, they are wrong in
going for these wholesale appropriations of money
asked for from the Treasuryexpenditures,
without authority of law. I afall vote against
the entire bill, and I will vote against any part
of it.
I am glad to hear what is said on this matter;
but I think there is great inconsistency in those
who set up a claim to economy for resisting the
small appropriation, while they go for the large
ones. They are right in the small ones. ^ "We
should never make an appropriation which is
wrong, no matter how large or how small it is.
The great difficulty in accomplishing economical
reforms is that there are always, in reference to
every appropriation, those who petition that the
particular appropriation may be allowed, and the
difficulty is in finding the place to begin the re-
form.
I differ entirely with the Senator from Georgia
about the reports of our proceedings. I think the
reporting system which has been adopted by Con-
gress the best in the world. In a Government like
ours it is one which is demanded for the use of
the country. Very few people can come here and
listen to the debates. Very few people here, un-
less there were accurate reports made by compe-
tent reporters, would know what is done in Con-
gress. It is by printing the debates that the great
body of the people of this country learn the trans-
actions of their representatives here, and know
what is going on in Congress. These reports
should be accurate. For this purpose we should
have the best repoiters that can be had. I have
been gratified to see, at this session of Congress,
a notice given by the printer who has charge of
these reports, that the proceedings of the two
Houses would be published as they transpired;
that what was said should be published in the
Globe.
Mr. HALE. He has not done it.
Mr. KING. If he has not done it, he has com-
mitted an error. Ho was given these notices on
two occasions during this session. I received
them, and I think he was light. The public
should know what actually occurs. But this is
a matter foreign to the question of economy, for-
eign to the propriety of resisting the passage of
this bill. I am glad to find a disposition to con-
demn these extravagant expenditures. I am op-
posed to them, and will vote against the entire
bill. I think the reason which is urged against
the appropriation of this amount for the payment
of the clerks of the House exists against the whole
bill about the ratio of the amount of $9,000,000, •
or pretty much the whole bill, to the|20,000tn the
scction under consideration.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me that the Senator
from New York misapprehends the merits of the
question; but I would not delay the Senate a sin-'
gle day's session to debate the amount of these
allowances. Here is an abuse, a violation of law-,
persisted in from session to session, and frora
year to year, so that we do not stand before the
country m the proper attitude to redress any vio-
lation of law committed by the Executive Depart-
ments. With what face could we say to the Sec-
retary of War, or any other executive officer, yott
have made contracts in violation of law, or you
have paid out money in violation of law, when
we repeaiedly, year after year, session after ses-
sion, prohibit these allowances in joint resolu-
tions, in bills, in laws, and then turn around; on
the last night of the session, and engage in this
thing which we have solemnly said we would'riot
engage in? We have not even the self-respect to
keep our own words as written in the statute- '
book. . 1 ■
These gentlemen have had their pay raised. If
it is not enough I am willing to raise it again;but
I want it done by law. I wish to put an end to all
these systems by which Congress is surrounded
at the close of the session, and these resolutions
put through to pay out public money under-the
pretense of increasing the contingent fund of the
two Houses. It is not the amount of the money
that impresses my mind; it is the persistence in
an abuse until, as I said yesterday, we let them
know that the sting of disability is in the very-
fruit of temptation—that they cannot get this
money; that, if any accounting officer pays it,he
will not be allowed to get it back. -When thi-ac-
counting officers of the two Houses understand
that, there will be an end of those resolutions.
Now, I am willing to take the ease of this Cferk
of the House of Representatives into very tender
consideration. I shall not hold him to strict
rule, because it was only by a struggle of two
years that we were able to put a stop to the ba'ok
business, and we had to indemnify him for that.
I am willing to indemnify him for what he has
paid; and so far as my vote goes, I wish it dis-
tinctly understood that I will vote to indemnify
no officer of either House of Congress, after tMs1
time, who pays any money under such Yestflu-*
tions as these in violation of the act of Congress.
Mr. JONES. I believe I will offer an-amend-
ment to the amendment if it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (M*. MAso .)
It is not in order. This is an amendment- to'an
amendment. " •
