mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jufte 7}
The amendment was read; and: is to add as an
additional section, the following:
See. 10. Andheit further enacted, That of theStaiutesat
Large published by Little & Brown, now deposited in the
Library of Congress for the use ot Senators and Represent-
atives during the sessions of Congress, ten copies be re-
tained by the Librarian for the use of the judges of the Su-
preme Court during the terms of the court, and that one
third of the numtier then remaining m the library be trans-
ferred to the Senate and two thirds to the library of the
House of Representatives, for the use of the Senators and
Representatives during the session of Congress,
Mr. WINSLOW. I am not disposed to take
up much of the time of the House on any portion
of this bill, for it has been printed, and 1 suppose
generally read by the House. The amendment
I have offered only changes the existing law in
one particular, and that is, in requiring all the
documents printed to be delivered by-the printer
and binder to the Secretary of the Interior. As the
law now is, there are half a dozen persons whose
duty it is to get those books from the printer and
binder—the Clerk of this House, the Secretary
of the Senate, the Secretary of State, the Secre-
tary of the interior, and other persons. It was
found, in the investigations curried on by the Com-
mittee on the Library, that it was impossible to
account for all the books sent from the printer and
binder. The idea of the amendment is to place
them all under the charge of the Secretary of the
Interior, he giving his receipt to the pi inter and
binder, and to require the other officers, such as
the Clerk of the House and Secretary of the Sen-
ate, to procure them from the Secretary of the
interior, giving their receipts for the same, so that
hereafter we may know where the fault is, if any
books are missing.
Now books are often found in the book-stores
for sale* without our being able to trace the source
from whence they came. There were found in
the crypt of the Capitol thirty thousand volumes
of books which were to be distnbutod according
to a joint resolution of 1857, and an amendment
thereto at the present session. Tins bill under-
takes to distribute them according to the act of
1858, and adds to that amount some forty-eight
thousand five hundred and fifty-three volumes in
the State Department, and which they are anx-
ious to get rid of. It consists in part often hundred
and fifty sets, in forty-two volumes, of the Annals
of Congress, and three thousand six hundred sets,
in nine volumes of ihe History of Congress, pub-
lished by Force. This bill proposes to add these
forty-eight thousand to those on hand, and to
distribute them according to the terms of the bill
introduced by the gentleman from New Yoik.
They are to be distributed by the Secretary of
the Interior, under the direction of the members
from the several districts, as to what colleges, or
libraries, or institutions they may be sent. 1 be-
lieve that that is the only alteration of the present
law, except that it takes from the State Depart-
ment the duty of distributing books to judges and
all other persons of the Government entitled to
them. That Department, however, will still have
the duty of distribution to foreign officers.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It is utterly impossible
to hear the gentleman from North Carolina. I
am satisfied that the House does not understand
this bill. I desire to ask the gentleman some
questions in connection with it. 1 desire to know
whether, under that bill, the Secretary of the In-
terior is authorized to distribute all the public
documents, or any of them, ordered to be pub-
lished by Congress?
Mr. WINSLOW. Only as regards their dis-
tribution to judges of coui ts. Nothing else. The
Secretary of the Interior is to be the depositary,
in the iiist instance, of till books received from
the Printer, in order that there may be one De-
partment where the number delivered can be as-
certained. The Clerk of the House wjll then
make a requisition on him for the documents that
he is to furnish to members.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Under this lav/, who is
to distribute the documents ordered by Congress ?
Mr. WINSLOW. They are to be distributed
as they now ate. It does not alter the law, ex-
cept that it makes the Secretary of the Interior
the depositary of these books, in the first in-
stance.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Then I understand they
are to be deposited with the Secretary of the In-
terior merely for safe-keeping?
Mr. WliN'SLOW. Merely for safe-keeping.
The sixth section may not be understood. It is
a section repealing a section in the charter organ-
izing the Smithsonian Institution. By that section
it is made the duty of every person taking out a
copyright to deposits copy in the Library here,
and one in the Smithsonian Institution. Both
are desirous of getting rid of this; and even now
the law is not complied with in half the number
of instances.
Mr. BARKSDALE I desire to ask another
question. Take, for instance, the Patent Office
report: is that to be distributed as it is at present?
Mr. WINSLOW. Exactly. The bill does not
alter that. All the documents that are now re-
ceived by members of the House will be received
under this bill, and from the same quarter.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would suggest to the
gentleman to have the bill read from the Clerk's
desk.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. LETCHER. There is a proviso annexed
to the fifth section which I would like to under-
stand. It is this:
" Jind provided, That such distribution shall first be made
at the instance of the Representatives in Congress from dis-
tncis in which Mich public documents have not already been
distributed, so that the quantity d^trihuted to each congres-
sional distuet and Tciritory shall be equal."
Now, as I understand it, under the distribu-
tions to the members of Congress, each congres-
sional district has received these books for a good
many years past. •
Mr. WINSLOW. No, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. The members of Congress
received them for themselves.
Mr. WINSLOW. No, sir.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Virginia is mistaken. There has been no
distribution made to each congressional district.
The Secretary of State has hitherto had a list of
public insulations scattered throughout the coun-
try, generally loeatrd along her'4 on the sea-board,
and we of the West have had no share in the dis-
tribution, because the system giew up before there
were any institutions there.
Mr. WINSLOW. Some of the western States
have received none of these books, and the idea
is to make them equal with the other States. I
would add that tins bill does not interfere in any
way with any books that go to members of Con-
gress, such as the Patent Office reports. Unless
j some gentleman wishes further information, I
move the previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to ask my colleague
if the section justiead by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will require that, where a district has been
receiving these documents heretofore, they shall
be withdrawn from libraries in that district, and
given to libraries in other districts?
Mr. WINSLOW. No, sir.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
•The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WINSLOW moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill wan parsed, and also moved to
j lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
1 The latter motion was agreed to.
| CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
| Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask unanimous
j consent to report back from the Committee, of
! Ways and Means the amendments of the Senate
; to House bill (No. 200) making appropriations
j for sundry civil expenses of Government for the
j year ending 30th June, 1859.
There being no objection, the report was re-
j ceived.
1 Mr. HATCFI. Will the amendments of the
i Senate be printed ?
! The SPEAKER. The Clnur does not know
1 what disposition the gentleman from Pennsylva-
i ma desires to make of the amendments.
| Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
( report be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and made the special
i order therein until disposed of. I do not propose
! to move to have the amendments printed, because
I I wish to go into Committee of the Whole on the
j state of the Union, and have them acted on im-
] mediately.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am anxious that this bill
! shall be disposed of, but it would be a great con-
venience to the House to have the amendments
printed. If, therefore, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania does not propose to act on the amend-
ments until to-morrow, I think, under a press,
the amendments might be printed and laid upon
the desks of members, which would expedite
business and be very satisfactory.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I propose to take
up the report immediately, in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I ascertained,
on inquiry, that there is no assurance that we can
have these amendments printed for two or three
days. I would have preferred to have had them
printed, but I think, when the committee come to
hear the small number that the Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in,
they will see that the necessity for printing is not
as great as it might seem.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the gentleman proposes
to act on the amendments to-day, of course I
withdraw my suggestion.
The motion of Mr. J. Gla^cy Jones was
agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now move that
all debate in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, upon the amendments of the
Senate, shall ceasc in two hours after they shall
be taken up.
Mr. COBB. I move to amend that motion by
striking out " two" and inserting " one."
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I rise to a question
of order. I submit that it is not in order to move
to close debate upon the amendments before they
have been considered in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ques-
tion of order is well taken.
Mr. JONES, Of Tennessee. I object to the res-
olution to close debate, as the amendments have
never been under consideration.
The SPEAKER. The rule requires that the
bill, or amendments, shall first be taken up in the
Committee of the Whole, before the debate can
be closed.
* Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, I move to suspend
the rules, to enable me to submit the resolution
to close debate.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended, (two thirds voting in favor thereof,)
and the resolution to close debate was received.
Mr. COBB. I move to amend the resolution
by substituting one hour for two hours.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now move the
previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the amendment will
be withdrawn. Some of these amendments are
of a great deal of importance, and ought to be dis-
cussed here.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Cobb's amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J, GLANCY JONES moved that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, asked to report
a resolution from the Co'mmittee of Accounts.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Phelps, of Missouri, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the business in order
to be the consideration of the Senate's amend-
ments to the House bill appropriating money for
sundry civil expenses.
Mr.'J. GLANCY JONES. The Senate amend-
ments are sixty-four in number, and 1 ask that
they be read first for information.
Mr. GROW. Does the hour for debate com-
mence now, or at the conclusion of the reading
of the amendments?
Mr. SAVAGE. I call for the reading of the
order of the House.
The order of the House, as just made, was
read.
