TO2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
Mr. JONES. Well, I will wait until this is
disposed of. .
Mr. CAMERON. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to know whether the adoption of this sec-
tion will prevent us hereafter from making any
allowance to theemployes of this House, and from
paying the reporters? I desire, if the section
passes, to put the employes of this House on the
same footing as those of the other House. While
I believe this system of extra compensation has
probably gone too far, I am desirous, if it does
end, that the persons employed in each House
shall be exactly on the same footing. The section
has been amended so often that I really have not
been able to understand its true import. I doubt
whether many gentlemen here do understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Biggs.]
The question being taken, on a division, there
were—ayes 17, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. BENJAMIN and Mr. BIGGS called for
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. As the yeas and nays are or-
dered, I wish to say in a single word, that while
I am perfectly willing to vote to strike out this
section, I cannotvote forthisamendment, because
the amendment nullifies the section. First, you
tell the Clerk to pay the -money , then you tell him
he must not pay in contravention of a particular
resolution. If he cannot do it in contravention of
that resolution, he cannot do it at all.
Mr. BIGGS. I think the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is mistaken in regard to the effect of this
amendment. It cuts off from this allowance all
those who received additional compensation under
the act of 1854. There are two sets of employes
provided for by this allowance. This amendment
cuts off all those who had their compensation in-
creased in 1854, on the condition that they should
not have any extra compensation.
Mr. BELL. I will not repeat the sentiments I
expressed the other day in relation to the general
question raised under the section proposed to be
stricken out by the Committee on Finance; but,
as 1 understand the amendment offered by the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, it does
not recognize the right of the late Clerk of the
House of Representatives to be refunded what he
has actually paid. Now, I think that is unjust,
considering all the circumstances attending the
history of this transaction. I spoke to the hon-
orable Senator, and suggested that I thought that
was wrong. He says that if the Clerk can show
that he is entitled to it, it is a subject of private
claim by a private bill. I think that is harsh, and
under the circumstances of the case, unjust; and,
therefore, I shall be compelled to vote against this
amendment.
I wish to do nothing more than what is right.
If our own hands were clean in reference to the
practice of voting appropriations and extra allow-
ances contrary to a plum statute adopted by a
joint resolution of the two Houses, it would be a
different question with us; but as the case now
stands, I think we hardly have any right to in-
terfere. We have the power, if we think proper,
but I do not believe it is very becoming to adopt
a rigid rule as to what we will appropriate or
withhold, upon the reasons which have been
urged here by honorable Senators. When the
question comes up in some other form, and a
proposition is made in relation to the reporters, I
may have something to say on that subject. I
wish now merely to state the grounds on which
1 cannot vote for this amendment, although I see
it has considerable favor in the Senate.
The late Clerk of the House of Representatives,
in conformity with the practice of both branches
of Congress, has paid this money. He saw that
the Senate had yielded to it as well as the House
of Representatives; and lfthe House can be justly
denounced as a profligate body, the Senate may
also be denounced as a profligate body. Indeed,
the honorable Senator from Georgia has said they
both are, in reference to such questions. Now,
when the Clerk of tiieHouse, seeing the practice
of the Senate, as well as of the House, in disre-
garding plain statutes, which both Houses had
concurred in, adopting over and over again, con-
tinuing to make these extra allowances, has gone
on and pai/i fifteen or sixteen thousand dollars
under the order of the House of which he is an
Gffieer, he ought to be refunded in fairness.
I find, also, that the Secretary of the Treasury
takes no exception to the equity and justice of
paying what has been expended by the Clerk of
the House. His only exception is, that he could
not advise the accounting officers of the Treasury
to pay it without the authority of Congress, and
he earnestly recommends to Congress to pass an
act for that purpose. If it be the fact that he has
not paid any money, we ought to make no appro-
priation for him, but pursue a course legitimately
in conformity with the act of 1854. Honorable
Senators here say he has not paid it. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury does not make any ques-
tion on that point. The officers of the Treasury
raise no objection on that point; they simply stand
upon the law prohibiting such appropriations out
of the contingentfund of either House of Congress.
I do not want to detain the Senate any longer; I
merely rose for the purpose of stating the grounds
on'which I cannot vote for this amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bright,
Clay, Dixon. Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Foster, Green,
Hammond, Harlan, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones,
King, Mason, l'ugh, Sebastian, Shdell, Toombs, Trum-
bull, Wright, and Yulee—2(i.
NAY'S—Messrs. Bell, Bioderick, Brown, Cameron,
Cham1'"", Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Doolittle, Durkee,
Fcsseriden, Fitch, Foot, Gvvm, Houston, Kennedy, Polk,
Seward, Simmons, Stuait, Wade, and Wilson—'22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES. Will it be in order for me now
to move my amendment? I have been requested
to ilo it, and 1 do it in compliance with a promise.
It is in section three, line eight, after the word
" accounts," to insert:
And that there be paid, by the Secretary of the Senate,
to the employes of the Senate who did not receive the same
at tile last session, the amounts respectively that were al-
lowed to the employes of the House by the resolution of
tile House of Representatives ol March 2, 18T>7.
Mr. HUNTER. That is not in order. It comes
from no committee, as.1 understand. It is an ad-
ditional appropriation.
Mr. JONES. I ask the Chair whether it is in
order, or not? If itis not, [ do notwish to ofier it. |
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is j
not aware of any rule that restricts it.
Mr. HUNTER. No amendment for an ad- j
ditional appropriation is in order unless recom-
mended by some committee or estimated for by
some Department. This is an additional appro-
prmtion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thought that rule was confined to private claims.
Mr. HUNTER. This is an appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 30th rule,
in the opinion of the Chair, would exclude it. ;
The Chair decides the amendment is not in order
under the :10th rule.
Mr. DOOLIT TLE. I should like to move an j
amendment to strike out the words " or may be,"
in the fourth line of the third section. The clause
would then read:
That the accounting officers of the Ticasury be author- i
ized and directed to allow credit to tile Clerk of the House |
of Representatives lor such payments out of its contingent '
fund as have been made under allowances authorized by
the House ol Representatives during the last Congress.
The ground upon which I would place my vote
is simply this: that when (he Clerk of the House ]
of Representatives has actually paid out the
money under the direction of the House,we ought
to refund to him the money which he has actually •
paid. I think that is but just. I inquire of the '
Chair whether it would be proper, ill connection
with that amendment moving to strike out these
words, also to strike out the words which have •
| been inserted on the motion of the Senator from
North Carolina? I
The PIIES1MJJG OFFICER. The Chair :
thinks that woula not be in order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My suggestion is, that >
inasmuch as the change which I propose in the
first part of the section changes the meaning of
the whole section, and also of necessity changes j
the meaning of the amendment which has been I
, adopted, I submit whether it would not be in
I order for me to embrace both within my amend-
] ment and take the sense of the Senate upon that 1
i simple question as it stands > I desire to see
! whether we shall authorize the Secretary of the
| Treasury to refund the money which has been '
actually paid under the express direction of the !
House of Representatives by the Clerk. I desire 1
to have the sense of the Senate tested on that pre-
cise question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can submit his amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would suggest to the
Senator from Wisconsin that as the section stands
now amended, that would not cover any one pay-
ment that has been made by the Clerk at all. It
does not repay him at all, so that the only object
and effect would be to prevent his making any
payments hereafter. Everything jie has paid has
been struck out.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I move to strike out
the third sectionasamended,and to substitute the
old third section as it reads with the words " or
may be" stricken out. The words to be inserted
are:
That the accounting officers of the Treasury be author-
ized and directed to allow credit to the Clerk of the House
of Representatives for such payments out of its contingent
fund as have been made under allowances authorized by the
1 louse of Representatives during the last Congress : Pro-
vided, That said allowances shall have been duly approved
by the Committee on Accounts : And be it further provided,
That the said allowances be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WILSON. I shall vote against this amend-
ment, and against the whole section, if it is to be
amended in this way. I think the whole pro-
ceedings of the Senate in regard to this matter
unfair and unjust. I feel disposed to vote to
strike out unconditionally the whole section, and
let it go back to the House to be dealt with in that
form. If it was right for the Clerk to pay out the
money to any of these employes, it is right that
all of them should be treated fairly and equally.
Now, this amendment proposes to refund to the
Clerk the moneys he has paid under the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives; that is, the
persons whom the Clerk has paid have their ex-
tra pay; the others are to go without it.
I think this is unfair and unjust. I think the
Clerk ought to be refunded the money he has
paid out. In my opinion, the resolution of the
House paying the employes ought to be carried
out; and I understand the Secretary of theTreas-
uary thinks so, and wishes it done. I am op-
posed to this extra-pay policy; but it has been
pursued for years in both Houses of Congress.
Why is it that the employes of the last House
are particularly aimed at and struck at in this
matter? I look upon it merely in that light. I
am ready to carry out this vote in regard to the
last Congress, and have it understood now and
forever, so far as wo here are concerned, that we
vote no more extra pay. Let us settle it for the
last Congress. The order of the House directing
their Clerk to pay this money has been partially
carried out; and I think it should be fully carried
out, or not carried out at all. I hope this amend-
ment will not prevail. I hope this section, as
amended, will be stricken out; for, as amended
on the motion of the Senator from North Caro-
lina, it covers hardly a case intended by the
House of Representatives.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I hope this
amendment, offered by the gentleman from Wis-
consin, will prevail. 1 shalicheerfully give it my
vote. I condemn, as emphatically as any Senator
can, this policy of extra pay. I think it is wrong;
I and for that reason I will not vote to extend this
j wrong at the present time. But here the Senate
! and the House, by a joint resolution, voted the
I extra pay to theiremployes; the President refused
j to sign that joint resolution. It came back, and
j the House then,by a resolution, ordered its Clerk
I to pay this money to theemployes of the House.
| Now let gentlemen see where they pill the Clerk
of the House. Here was the House ordering him
; to pay; here were the employes of the House re-
questing their payment. He has got to take the
responsibility of refusing to pay against the res-
olution of the House, or else, if this amendment
be not adopted, he has got to lose the money that
lie has paid out.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me a moment ?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What prevented the Clerk
from applying for the money to the Secretary of
the Treasury before he paid it? Why did he ad-
vance it out of his own pocket ?
Mr. CLARK. I cannot say why fee did it; I
do not know why he did it; I do not understand
in regard to that; but the money, as I understand,
has been paid by the Clerk for some reason or
