646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
twenty members has reflected carefully upou Army organi-
zation, or the theories on which it is based."
It is not strange that the Senate committee have
run wild, and got wrong, when not one in twenty
members of Congress has recollected it. Again,
this paper—I am not going to read the whole—
says:
i: It is, therefore, clear to our mind"— •
I agree to that when the writer says " our;" he
means him and me. [Laughter.]
- " ft is, therefore, elear to our mind that the proposed ad-
dition 01* two companies to each one of the regiments of in-
fantry, cavalry, dragoons, and mounted nfleinen, now in
service, would go to change the whole Jinny system of the
Federal Government j and as the militiasystem of the States
is based on tins, it would throw the whole mihtia syttcmof
the Unioninto a confusion.-1
Think of that, sir. [Laughter.] It would throw
the whole militia system into confusion! You could
not have a regular muster after that! [Laughter.]
u Additional companies are not contemplated m the con-
stitution and theory of the Army, as it now exists, lb in-
structed, and drilled. They would be wholly supernumerary,
and without a fundamental change m the system, could not
be ingrafted on the old established regiments. Butthcmis-
chietjwe repeat, would not end in deranging the fixed Army
basis, but would result in fundamentally changing the mili-
tia organizations in all the States of the UnionJ as they have
adopted the Army plan, and must always look to u for its
*ysfi?m ofdulland m&tiuction. Here would be incalculable
mischief and confusion !"
Now, sir, the Administration tell you that in-
calculable mischief will result from this bill. I
am not converted to all the doctrines of the Ad-
ministration, and I am not requested by them
to say what I do in their behalf, [laughter:] but
when they have put out their views so plainly and
so palpably, I felt called upon, as a man who likes
to see fair play, none of the friends of the Admin-
istration having come forward with their views,
to lay thom before the Senate, and to say that
so far as their policy is to kill this bill I am with
them, entirely with them, and I think they are
wise.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, it was not
my intention to make any further remarks on this
bill in addition to those which 1 hastily offered a
few days since; but the allusions which have been
made tame in the course of the debate seem to
require some vindication of the positions i then
assumed; and it may be possible for me to illus-
trate them by examples which may be instructive
in their character.
That there may be no misapprehension of my
estimate of the regular Army, I will say with
cheerfulness that 1 am not opposed to the Arm}7,
and I am not disposed to reduce it much. Per-
haps I might vote to repeal-the law creating the
four regiments which were added a few yeais
since; but beyond that, I should not be in favor
of r< ducing the Army. I wish to have a force for
maintaining our sea-board defenses, and for the
purpose of preserving the arms of the Govern-
ment and maintaining such fortresses as are per-
manentand necessary in theircharacter. I would
have no further permanent force than is necessary
for these purposes. I do not wish to be regarded
us an enemy to the Anny, though since the re-
marks which I made the other day, I am the moie
convinced, if that were possible, of the truth of
the apprehension I then expressed of the potency
of the Army, for I find that my remarks have ex-
asperated greatly the officers of the Army, who,
1 presume, anticipated promotion; hut of that I
have no certainty; and they not only regard me
as hostile to it, but have displayed hostility to
myself and other Senators who have dared to ex-
press similar opinions to mine on the subject. [
am sent here, sir, to vindicate the nation, not a
privileged class; and i am leady to combat the
young monster as I would the old one of despot-
ism. .Never again, while I live, will I vote in
time of peace to increase the regular Army one
man. This is a fundamental principle with mo.
It is not that I apprehend danger from their bay-
onets or their swords; but it is rather the imper-
tinence thatarises from idleness and want of em-
ployment in individuals whose time ought to be
given to the hue of their duty in the servicc.
But, sir, there is a political influence growing
upon the country in connection with the Army
which I described the other day. Its inception is
at the Military Academy. The inmates of that
institution are the bantlings of the public. They
ixre nursed, fostered, and cherished, by the Gov-
ernment; and when they graduate they must be
provided with places m the Army, it i.s their
vocation by education, and they must be provided
for; the Army must be increased to accommodate
the number ofgraduates whom the Military Acad-
emy may turn out annually. Places must he made
in the regular Army to supply with positions the
cadets who graduate at that institution. The dan-
ger is, that, as they multiply and increase, such
will be the political influence disseminated through
society that it will become a general infection,
ruinous to the liberties of the country, and to the
deliberations of the Congress of the United States.
This is the danger which I apprehend from the
growth of the regular Army.
I have bestowed some thought upon military
matters. I have had some connection with the
Army. My honorable friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden,] for whom I feel so muchkindness,
and, if he will permit me to say so, I will add even
veneration—for when I was in a subordinate sta-
tion in the Army, he was in this Chamber a Sen-
ator—has misapprehended my training as a sol-
dier. My service has been in the regular Army—
never in the militia.
Before I attained to adult years, I enlisted a pri-
vate soldier in the regular Army, the old seventh
regiment. There I learned the rudiments of sol-
diership. For six months I was in the ranks, and
I learned,my duty there. Obedience was incul-
cated, and I imbibed readily the instruction accom-
panying it. I was then promoted an ensign, and
every step of rank I acquired from that time, until
I ceased to be an officer in any army, I acquired
by dint of service. My promotions were pur-
chased by what I deemed a fit recompense in ser-
vice. It was alone in the regular Army that I was
instructed—not in the militia. Five years of my
soldier drilling was in the old regular regime—in
the seventh, the thirty-ninth, and the first regi-
ments. I learned, whilst there, to appreciate
properly the regular Army duties of a soldier. I
learned, too, that he was better capacitated for
command when it was conferred upon him for
meritorious conduct, than if he had gratuitously
received it without learning the duty of a subor-
dinate, or to pay obcdicnce to a Superior. Thus it
was inculcated most instructively to me It was
not merely the result of observation, but m the
school of experience I was taught.
Mr. President, you might as well tell me thai.you
can take the dunghill fowl from Us walk, or the
young nestling, and rear it in an eagle's nest and
make an eaglet of it, as to tell me that you can
place at the Military Academy one who has no
military genius, and create him a general or a
military man. You might as well tell me that
you can educate a Shakspeare, a Hums, or a By-
ron, as to tell mo that you can educate a general.
You may teach a man the routine of platoon, of
company, of battalion, of regimental or of gen-
eral drills, but you cannot place in his head that
strategy which is necessary to success; that high
design and enterprise which are necessary to en-
abled general to bear your banners in triumph,
and wave them above a conquered enemy.
Tis education forms the common miml "
But there are attributes of character that are not
common, and they are not to be formed by edu-
cation. Was Washington educated at a military
academy 5 Were those glorious generals who
seconded him so educated? Was Jackson, or
Rrown, or any of the men who so proudly vindi-
cated our flag, and added to our national glory
in the war of 1812, educated at a military acad-
emy? No, sir; they were from the school of na-
ture, taught by nature's great teacher, God. You
may make a mechanical soldier at the Military
Academy; but if he has not genius to stir him on,
let not Congress legislate co make him a place.
But, sir, 1 should be glad to know when it was
that a regular force has ever given protection to a
harassed frontier in this country? Tell me an
instance of retaliation indicted on an Indian tribe
by a tegular force, after the Indians had made in-
cursions? I do not know it. I have not he^rd
of it. Have chastisements taken place; have rec-
lamations been made; have Indians been pursued;
their villages destroyed; and they humbled or ha-
rassed in that way until they became amicable or
receded from our frontier? If it has been done,
it has been by volunteers who turned out for the
occasion, or by rangers who were selected for that
purpose, and for the protection of the frontier,
and were not stationary in garrisons. Whoever
ncard ofa garrison giving protection to any placc,
unless it was in time of alarm, when women and
children might flee to it for refuge? A nation that
keeps its men always in garrison will be easily
conquered in the field. Are Indians going to
march up to a fortress ? Will they not pass miles
around it, and march upon the settlements, and
knowing its locality, easily avoid it on their re-
turn, after having depredated on the inhabitants,
or stolen their property ? and there is no one tcr
pursue them. An infantry soldier is a very inef-
ficient enemy to the Indians. But try your rangers;
their impulses will keep them in constant exercise,
moving from place to place. They feel the ex-
citement of action, and there is nothing lethargic
about them to enervate them and make them de-
sire repose, tranquillity, or idleness. They would
seek activity. Why? Because they are from that
portion of the community where they have been
inured to activity and toil from infancy. They
are efficient men. So far as the fortresses arc
necessary to be kept up, let the regular soldiers
do it. Whenever the emergency of the country
calls for it, call on your volunteers, and they will
rally to their country's call. These are the men
I would depend upon. They are the men with
whom I would hazard my life in full confidence
that, so far as depended on their gallantry and
valor, I would stand intrenched in the midst of a
fortification of gallant hearts and brave arms. I
never wil I vote for an increase of the regular Army,
because it is useless. I would rather make ample
provision for the Army we have; give them such
compensation as will enable the officers, if they
come in contact with the officers of other nations
or our own citizens, to preserve a genteel and re-
spectable appearance; and I would make the sol-
dier comfortable, and supply him with everything
needful for his position. I would rather maintain
handsomely a small army than burden the Treas-
ury with a numerous one.
The four regiments which were raised some
three years ago have cost, up to this time, just
about the $20,000,000 for which we have been
obliged to resort to a loan, and what have they
done? Are your fortresses better defended ? Have
you added victories to your account of national
triumphs ? Have they subdued any tribes of In-
dians ? Have they given peace and security to our
frontiers? What have they done? They have
cost us millions of dollars of money, and .that is
the whole story—a short history of a glorious de-
sign. I was opposed to the creation of those ad-
ditional regiments, and I believe my position at
that time was considered to be a little heretical.
I have heard gentlemen here speak of reading
people out of the Democratic party. I did not
know for what I was read out, nor did I care. I
never inquired. If I had felt more interest, pej-
hapy I should have inquired; but I never asked.
Seeing that it did not affect my spirits or impair
my general physique, I did not think it was so bad
a thing. I saw that gentlemen were taking what
I considered a wrong road, and I opposed them
on the gieat matter now agitating the country,
and 1 opposed them in regard to the increase of
the Army which was made three years ago. My
views on those points wore not considered ortho-
dox, and it seems that I was read out of the party.
In parting company with gentlemen, 1 did not
part from my principles. My principles from the
beginning were those of Andrew Jackson. I
challenge any man to show the slightest discrep-
ancy between those principles which I now cher-
ish and ever have cherished, and the sentiments
of Andrew Jackson. His doctrine was, " princi-
ples without a platform;" butnow thcDemocracy
to a greatcxtent is resolved'into a platform with-
out principles. I stand where Jackson stood—
upon principle.
After the digression, I come back again to the
Army; not that I expect to find any refuge or
protection there, because I think it is a very harm-
less concern. [Laughter.] If I could really be-
lieve that it was the earnest wish of the Execu-
tive and the Secretary of War, based upon thor-
ough information and a critical examination of
the subject, that the Army should be increased as
now proposed, I should regard it with a degree of
seriousness which I cannot now attach to the prop-
osition. How, in point of fact, do such sugges-
tions originate? Alieutenantin camp in idleness
may make a suggestion to a captain or a higher
officer, for they form their associations, and the
notion may be taken up and be generally disscm-
