1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2757
Mi'. J. GLANCY JONES. The limitation of
tin1 order is that one hour shall be devoted to
general debate from the time the committee takes
up the amendments. Let the amendments be
read, and then let the debate go on for one hour.
The CH \IRMAN. Astheorderof the House
was not written out "in extenso, the Chair will
rule that the hour for debate will not commence
until the amendments have been read.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will not call for
the reading of the amendments, then, until the
hour of general debate has been exhausted.
Mr. GROVV. Mr. Chairman, I desire now
particularly to address myself to the loan bill.
The CH AIRMAN. The Chair will rule, under
the order of the House, that no debate is in order,
unless unon the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then we had better
have the amendments read first.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
that course will be pursued. The amendments
will l)e road, and then one hour will be devoted
to general debate upon them.
The amendments were then all read through.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the amend-
ments seriatim, for the purpose of acting upon
them.
First amendment;
Add to the clause appropriating for the coast survey the
following pioviso :
Provided. That officers and men of the Army and Navy,
when employed on coast-survey service which, in the judg-
ment of the Secretary of thp Tiea^urv, pauses unusual ex-
pense, may leeeive such reasonable allowance, m addition
to their tegular compensation, as the Secretaiy may direct:
jJnd provided further, That the allowance tor e\t>a fub-
si-teuee to the asM^tmitin chaiye of the Coast Pui vey ofiice
s-h;ill not exceed the Mini authorized by the regulation of the
TitMMirv Depaitmrntot the l<1th oi Januaiv, ItioO and that
the allowance tor cxtia s.ubi-i^teiice to otfieeis, when de-
tached hotn the main party,'■hall not exceed the sum au-
thoiized by the Tiea^mv regulation ol May 11, 1844.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Fiom the following clause strike out " Holmes'^," and
inscit '• the bc-t."
'• For the puiehase of ' Holmes'? life-boat,' to be placed
at each of toe twenty eight life-saving stations on the coast
of New Jeit-ey, $0,440.^
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means reported originally in favor
of life-boats, m accordance with existing law.
The gentleman fiom New Jersey, [Mr. Claw-
son,] in the Committer of (he Whole on the state
of the Union, moved the amendment to insert
Holmes's life-boat, and the Committee of the
Wnole on the state of the Union adopted that
amendment. The Senate amendment is tostuke
out " Holmes's," and insert "the best,'' leaving
it to the Secretary of the Treasury to select the
best. The Committee of Waysand Means there-
fore recommend that we concur in the Senate
amendment.
Mr. CLAWSON. I think this House is as
capable as the Secretary of the Treasury to judge
of'iife-boats. I propose, however, to compromise
the matter, and therefore I move to amend the
amendment of the Senate by inserting, after the
word " best," the words u self-righting," so that
it will read, " the h-'St self-righting life-boat."
Mr. FLORENCE. I will state that that was
the purpose of the House. The House knew
just pieeisely what they were doing, and 1 am
peifcctly willing to accept the proposition of the
gentleman from New Jersey, for that was the pur-
pose the House had in view when that amendment
was passed upon in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The Senate seem not
to have understood that. The old life-boat has
failed to answer the purpose for which it was de-
signed , and persons engaged on the coast of New
Jersey — and I suppose upon the coast of Long
Island, too—will not trust themselves in any boat
winch is not self-righting; and, as Francis's boats
ate not self-righting, they are perfectly useless
The object the House had in view was to get a
solf-righting life-boat. When the amendment was
offered in the committee, the gentleman who of-
fered it conceived that Holmes's boat was the best.
There are several self-righting serf boats, so far
as my knowledge goes. I suppose the gentleman
from New Jersey is willing that Holmes should
take his chance with others.
Mr. LETCHER. It Wiild to follow,
from the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, that the Secietary of the Treasury is not
to be trusted in procuring these life-boats for the
purposes indicated in the amendment. Now, sir,
I take it, when this particular name is stricken
out, that he will be disposed to look for the best
life-boat—one that will answer the puiposes most
satisfactorily—and that there is a propriety, there-
fore, in leaving the matter to him, to be judged of
upon information which may be furnished to him
in regard to the various sorts of life-boats. My
friend from Pennsylvania is anxious that the
amendment should designate a " self-righting"
life-boat. In the progress of improvement, it may
turn out in the course of six months that what he
regards as the best will not be the best. Some
other improvement may come^ip in the mean
time; and if you are to confin&Tne amendment to
any particular species of life-boat, you will see
at once that it maylead to embarrassment and
difficulty in making the selection. I hope, there-
fore, that the House will agree with the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means in concurring in the Sen-
ate amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have the greatest confi-
dence in the Secretary of the Treasury, and am
perfectly willing that he should take the best life-
boat. 1 agree entirely with the gentleman from
Virginia, in the conclusion he arrives at, and that
is the reason why I want the House to express
precisely what they want. I want the best self-
righting life-boat, and I aVn willing to leave it to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and that if any
boat is presented which is belter than Holmes's, I
am willing he should select it. So the gentleman
from Virginia and myself agree perfectly, and wo
occupy the same platform.
Mr. LETCHER. I know nothing about these
boats. I have no knowledge upon the sublet,
and I take it for granted that nine tenths of the
House are in my situation. I suppose that the
only sort of boat we ever saw is a steamboat, a
fiatboat, or a keelboat. None of them answer
this purpose. I am, therefore, willing to ]ea\e it
with somebody whose business it will be io in-
quire into the matter, and then to decide upon it,
whether that decision shall be in favor of a ylf-
rightmg boat, or the patent of Holmes, or Fran-
cis, or of somebody else.
Mr. CLAWSON. The Senate sav that the
House is not capable of judging which is the best
boat, but that the Secretary of the Treasury is.
Now, the Secretary of the Treasury had the de-
cision of which was the best boat when Francis's
boat was put upon our coast; and, I venture to
say,that not one in a dozen of them have ever
been used since they weie put upon the coast.
They have pioved perfectly useless.
Mr. LETCHER. Was that decision made by
the present or the late Secretary ?
Mr. CLAWSON. V,y the last Secretary.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; then I am will-
ing to trust this present one, and let him decide.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I w>sh to s!ty
in reply to the honorable gentleman f> om Virginia
that when he says he is totally unacquainted with
the character of life-boats he ought to be willing
to leave it to those who are acquainted With them,
and to indulge the gentleman Horn New Jersey,
and myself, who have some acquaintance with
these boats. We are on the coast. We know
what is required for this service. We have seen
these boats, and experimented with them; and I
know that the Department is highly impressed, if
not entirely so, with the superiority of Holmes's
boat. We know that a eelf-righting boat is in-
dispensable, and that all other boats have proved
unavailing. We are representing people who aie
most interested in the mailer; who sec the disas-
ters that occur on the coast; and who know what
is best for the occasion; and I think the gentle-
i man from Virginia ought to indulge us in the
| amendment requiring the Secretary to give us the
i boat which experience teaches us is the best—and
that is the self-righting boat.
| Mr. LETCHER. We propose to take exactly
' the position which the irentienian's own amend-
I ment assigns to this quesuon. The proposition
i of the gentleman from New Jersey [Mi. C:. ',w-
i son] wasforthe puichjwse of iIolmcs\s life-ooat.
| Thepioposition of the gentleman from New Voile
I [Mr. Taylor] was for the purchase of tne txst
! life-boat. I desire to leave that matter to tuose
who can be mf'vined n^'~n it, and who hav-: no
interest whatever in the decision; because, I take
it, the Secretary, in the discharge of his duty,
has only the interest of doing that which is best
m the execution of the law; and when informa-
tion comes to be presented to him and considered
by him, he will then decide it with reference soiely
to the object which Congress had in view in
making the appropriation.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. It is very true
that m the amendment which I offered to the bill
I used the language as quoted by the gentleman
from Virginia. I did so because I had the most
entire confidence m the present Secretary of the
Treasury; and if I were called upon to decide
now, I would be perfectly willing to let both
amendments stand on the same basis. But the
gentlemen from Now Jersey have some feeling in
the matter. Their constituents are anxious to
have a certain class of life-boats; and I am per-
fectly willing to support them m their amendment.
So far as my constituents are concerned, and those
of the gentleman from the first congressional dis-
trict of New Yoik, we are entirely willing to be
governed by what the Secretary of the Treasury
may deem best for our coast, and best for the se-
curity of life and property. But I may say that
while I preferred that language myself as being
more respectful probably to the Department, and
as being entirely sufficient to secure all that is
necessary, I see no objection to the proposition
of the gentleman from New Jersey.
The question was taken on Mr. Clawson's
amendment to the Senate amendment; and it was
adopted.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment as amended; and it was concurred in.
T hud a m e n d m e n t:
Smke out th>; hue-* oiio hundred and twenty five, one
hundied and t\\eiiiy-M\, and one huudied and twenty-
r-<n.mi. in rhev uviuf-, •
l- Tui (oiiunuinu the smvey of the In- o. meridian, cor-
rection niuallelo. towns-hip and section line*, in the Terri-
toiv o{ L'uili. a: augmented lates-, .-j'Jo.UuO "
Mr. REAGAN. What does that mean? I do
not uridrrsNtand it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. In consequence, of
the disturbed stale of the Territory, for which this
appiopilation was intended, the Senate deemed
that the appropriation was unnecessary, particu-
larly as there is a balance on hand from the ap-
propriation of last year for this purpose. The
Senate therefore struck it out; and the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means recommend a concur-
rence in the amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Suike out the following piovi?o :
'• *jiu? jnoo'ded also, Tuut no salary or compensation to
anv pei on foi services m collecting ot distributing sceda,
cutting, &c., all be pa.d out of this appiopnation.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways find Means recommend non-concurrence
in the amendment.
Mr. WHITEL.EY. I wish to state to the
House that if we concur in the recommendation
of the Committi e of Ways and Means these offi-
cers will be left without any salary at ail. I am
informed that there is no provision for their pay-
ment under any other law. The [louse inserted
the proviso tint thesalaries should no! be paid out
of the y>U,000 The Senate amendment strikes
that out, and leaves them as ail former appropri-
ation bills h ft them, to get their salaries out of
the $G0,UIK). I think we ought either to break up
the seed department or pay these officeis.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would inquire
cf the gentleman from Delawaie, by what author-
ity these yalaues ai<> paid, and by whom they are
fixed? If we ap;o oriri itf to buy S'-'ed,
by wiiaf right do1* the chief ele:k fix his salary
or that of the o'liei oilier, employ as many
clerks as he pleases at apiece, and pay them
out of the appropriation r It seems to me tma
tiiar there should be some law regulating this
whole thing, if u is to be canted on. I know of
no law or resolution of Congress that has ever
fixed oi deteunined the compensation of these
oe. sons.
Mr. WHITELEY. I suppose that these gul-
aiu.s are paid by the Secretary of th° Interior;
and 1 say to the gentleman from Tennessee, that
there is not a clerk in that office who gets y2,UGU
a year. The whole of the salarus only amount
toSWjft 0.
