1858.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
inated throughout the Army. Some point is set-
tied upon ;eome achievementis to be accomplished;
some change to be effected. They press their in-
fluence upon the Secretary of War. He takes? it
for granted that they are military men and must
have digested the matter carefully, and he is ready
without investigation to yield his assent to their
recommendation. lie brings the matter to the no-
tice of the President, and the President, satisfied
that the officer having charge of the "War Depart-
ment has much less to do than he has who su-
pervises the whole, defers to his suggestion, and
the measure is recommended to Congress. When
it comes here, our duty is to investigate it with
the best light we have, and to make our decision
accordingly. We are responsible; notthe Exec-
utive, not the Secretary of War. If those officers
had investigated the matter thoroughly, and had
made this recommendation for examination, it is
as much ourduty to investigate it and to yield or
withhold our concurrence, according to our judg-
ment, as if they had made no recommendation at
all. The responsibility of its adoption devolves
upon us, and not upon the President or the Sec-
retary of War. We are sent here to act, as sub-
stantively as the President or the Secretary of War.
I have no hostility to either of those gentlemen;
but a. fair, just, and excellent appreciation of them;
yet I am not willing in opposition to my princi-
ples to yield my concurrence to any recommend-
ation of theirs which I do not readily adopt on
the information before me.
These are my views in relation to the Army; and
until I have some evidence before me that 1 have
not yet had, I shall continue to believe that those
gentlemen have not had an opportunity of inves-
tigating this matter thoroughly, so as to justify us
m following their recommendation, and increas-
ing the Army to the extent proposed.
1 shall not allude to the condition of things in
Kansas, although it has been introduced into the
debate. That is a subject which 1 have not al-
lowed myself yet to investigate. The period was,
when m perspective I saw all the calamities that
have fallen on this nation—distracted, ruined, or
almost destroyed liberties—by the adoption be-
tween midnight and dawn of the measure which
repealed the Missouri compromise. • On the night
of its enactment, I stood on this floor appealing to
Senato'rs to preserve the peace and vindicate the
Union and the national faith; but I was laughed
at. They have not laughed since. I have avoided
touching that subject, and I shall not do it now. 1
hope the opportunity will be afforded before I quit
this Chamber, which will allow me to vindicate
myself and the course of principles on which I
stood, and then I will lay bare the iniquity, as I
conceive, of the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise. I shall not allude to the use which has been
made of the Army in Kansas; I have already ex-
pressed the opinion that the President had power
to use it there, and as to the mode in which he has
used it I shall say nothing.
if this increase of force is supposed to be
needed for a Mormon war, or an Indian war, that
w an emergency which cannot be of long dura-
tion. For such a service, I prefer volunteers,
who can march to the scene of action promptly,
who go on their own responsibility, and can be
there almost m the twinkling of an eye. If you
adopt the system of raising regulars, you will not
m less than two years have raised your regular
forcc of men for that purpose; and when raised,
they will be utterly inefficient and unqualified for
the service. If, however, you take volunteers, in
sixty or ninety days or less, from Missouri,}from
Iowa, and I would say from Texas, troops will
go there and settle the business very speedily, if
war be necessary; but I doubt whether, unfor-
tunately, men have not been there in former times
who were worse than the Mormons themselves,
and whose moral texture and complexion might
reflect disgrace even upon the Mormons. It may
be that such persons incited these men to desper-
ation, and led to the statements which have in-
duced the present Executive to actashehasdone,
when, perhaps, there would not have been a ne-
cessity for that action if the truth had been before
him. If, however, you wish to subdue the Mor-
mons, it can be done by volunteers in sixty or
ninety days; bu t if you undertake to do it by reg-
ulars, and increase your Army for that purpose,
you will not be m a situation to commencc oper-
ations efficiently in twelve months.
It is said that volunteers are very expensive,
and that it is more economical to employ regular I
troops. I do not see how they can be more expen- j
sive than regulars. You can get mounted volun- i
teers as cheap as you can infantry soldiers of the
United States—men who will provide themselyes
with their cavalry, and not exhaust the Treasury
in purchasing it.
For the reasons which I have stated, I shall
oppose everything like an increase of the Army
now and forever, in public and private life, at
home and abroad, in woid and in action. Asa mat-
ter of principle I am conscientiously opposed to
increasing the Army in time of peace. I am not
inclined, however, to disturb the present Army,
but let them realize whatever may be expected
from men who have given their lives to the service
of their country.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr, President, I have list-
ened with a great deal of attention and a great
deal of interest to the discussion of the question
before the Senate; and I desire, without protract-
ing the debate, simply to say a few words in ref-
erence to what influences my own vote.
I regard it as one of the highest duties of a
country to provide for the due protection of its
i citizens; and I am convinced, from the investiga-
tion which I have given the subject, that, for
protection of the character we are now called
upon to give our citizens, no force is so econom-
ical, none is so efficient, as the Army, as it is or-
ganized by the laws of the United States at present.
Upon this point of economy, there is something
before the Senate besides mere figures of speech.
There are figures heie running back twenty years.
If authority is wanted, we have before us a state-
ment of the money we have paid; and we find, by
the report of Mr. Poinsett, that he, in submitting
the question to the House of Representatives,
when he was Secretary of War, estimated the
| expense of volunteers, as compared with the rcg-
s ular Army, as four to one. That was in 1838, If
we bring the expense of volunteers down to this
time, the present Adjutant General says the ratio
will be increased, and the disparity shown to be
greater. Therefore, as a question of economy, if
we are guided by a sense of justice in that respect,
everything dictates that we should go on with the
organization of the Army we have now.
Is there a necessity for an increase of the Army ?
Where are we to look for reasons to support this
necessity? Gentlemen here say they have seen
nothing before the Senate to justify an opinion
of this kind. I regard the facts set forth m the
report of the Secretary of War, unless they are
answered, us furnishing all the grounds for that
necessity. Heshows the possible standing of the
Army under existing laws, including the increase
of the rank and file by the act of 1850, according
to the urgent necessity under which that law was
passed, to be seventeen thousand nine hundred and
eighty-four men as posted, but the actual strength j
on the 1st of June was fifteen thousand seven
hundred and sixty-four. He goes on to show that
these troops have garrisoned sixty-eight forts and
seventy other posts where the Secretary of War
deems the presence of troops absolutely neces-
sary. These forts and posts extend, according to
j his report, over an area of three million square
miles, requiring thousands of miles of journey to
reach them. In another part of his report, he says:
a These lines are very long, and are now extremely im-
portant, whilst every year lenders* them more and moieso.
Fiom our westei n frontier of settlements to those of northern
Oregon the distance is about eighteen hundred miles ; fiom
the same frontlet to the settlements of California, via Salt
Lake, is eighteen hundred miles; fioin the frontier of Arkan-
sas, ai Fort Smith, by Albuquerque or Santa Fe, to Fort To-
jon, about seventeen hundred mil^s ; and fiom San Anto-
nio, by El Pa.-o, to San Diego, near the borders of the white
settlements, is fourteen hundred miles; constituting an ag-
gregate line of six thousand seven hundred milerf. which
ought to be occupied, and which we pretend m some s-ort
to keep open and defend."
If the Army had given no other evidence of its
utility, the fact that it had occupied this line would
be sufficient to show its activity. True, the Army i
has not illustrated the country's glory by brii-1
liant victories; it has not been called on to do so in :
time of peace; but in this extended frontier of;
over six thousand miles, it is an arduous duty, j
which it has performed, of keeping off the incur- ,
sions of the Indians. I
In voting for this bill, I put outof view entirely i
the question which has been mooted here, as to j
the employment of the Army against the Mor-1
monsv I noted the remarks of the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] yesterday even- '
ing, and 1 agree with him, to some extent, that
if we leave these people to themselves, in the
second or third generation the peculiar tenet of
Mormonism will fade out. i believe, if left to
themselves, dissension will grow up among them,
and I cannot be convinced that an institution of
this kind m the nineteenth century can stand U\
the face of Christianity. Bat, sir, we rpust bring
the Army or we must bringChristianity in some
shape in contact with them, where a parallel can
be drawn. We may not fight them; but they lie
directly in our path of emigration to the Pacific,
and as long as they intrude on the path and vio-
late the laws of the country, we must either sur-
renderorfindsomeother route for our emigrants;
we must find other lines for our communication*
or we must quiet them in some way. I should
do almost anything in the world, but fight them;
Now, sir, in relation to volunteers, I concur in
all the encomiums that have been passed on the
service of volunteers by the Senator from Ken-
tucky. I know something of that service; and I
know that when there are emergencies which wilt
call the volunteers of our country into the field 
they arc the troops on which we are to rely; but,
if a standing army be necessary at all, we must
have an army in contradistinction to volunteers.
If you do away with your Army, the volunteers
must become the standing army. You cannot
get any force so efficient as the Army according
to its present organization.
I understand that the present legal standing of
the Army (apart from the act of 1850, by which
the President is authorized to swell it in emer-
gency) is about twelve thousand men, and if this
bill passes now, according to the opinion of tho
Secretary of War, there will be no more men em-
ployed in the service (looking at the recruiting
service, and the ability to obtain men at tho pres-
ent rates) than are absolutely wanted for the de-
fense of our frontier without regard to the Mor-
mon difficulties. I have looked over the report
of the Secretary of War; and 1 have not seen any
attempt to answer his positions. I have not seen
his figures contradicted. I have heard no gentle-
man take up the report and discuss it, proposition
by proposition, to show where an error is made;
and if I follow out the report I come to the in-
evitable conclusion that the increase is essential.
To say that we should not proportion the stand-
ing army of the country to the population of the
country, is a proposition, in my opinion, unten-
able. Because the standing army may have been
established in times pastatsixortwelve thousand
men is no reason why that should constitute the
standard for all time to come, irrespective of the
wants of the country.
I have no fears of a standingarmy in this coun-
try. A standing army of twenty thousand men
would be swallowed up by a single ward of one
of yourgreatcities. Notwithstanding it has never
reached nineteen thousand men under the present
organization, we cannot get a sufficient number
of artillery forces together to drill according to
the artdlery arm of the service. This Army is
scattered through all the forts and posts of the
country; you scarcely ever hear of an entire com-
pany together. They are employed principally
on the frontier.
But, sir, 1 am not in a condition to speak fur-
ther on the question, and I will not detain the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am very much
inclined, in all the business of the Senate, to look
practically to the subject which is beforeit. When
I rose this morning, and addressed some remarks
to the pending amendment, and confined myself
strictly to that subject, it was because I supposed
it was'not probably the wish of the Senate to go
into general debate. Since that, however, I un-
derstand, from the remarks made to the Senate,
as well as some made to myself, that explanations
are expcctcd on the whole bill, rather than re-
marks addressed to the pending amendment.
I have also been instructed by the Committee
on Military Affairs to announce to the Senate,
in conformity with the opinion which I expressed
this morning, and which was the opinion of the
committee, as I was aware, that, should the Sen-
ate think proper to retain the first section of the
bill, then the committee will move to retire the
sccond section, so as simply to provide for tho *
