2758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 7,
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Delaware whether the payment of
these salaries out of the- appropriation does not
reduce the appropriation for seeds considerably?
Mr. WHITELEY. The salaries are about
twelve thousand dollars, and thus the appropria-
tion for seeds is reduced to §48,000.
Mr. PHILLIPS. That is one fourth of the
whole amount.
Mr. WHITELEY. They are not clerks; they
are men sent out to collect seeds, &c.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentacky. I hope that
the committee will concur in the recommendation
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and retain
the bill as it went from the House. I regard it as
a perfect anomaly in a country like ours that there
should beaclass of officers drawing upon the pub-
lic Treasury for salaries without law. These men
take an appropriation of $60,000 a year under the
pretense that it is intended for the benefit of agri-
culture, and for the procurement and distribution
of seeds and cuttings; and when we come to in-
quire what has been done for the benefit of agri-
culture, we find that they divide $12,000 of the ap-
propriation among themselves for salaries. Now,
I suggest that no economy could dictate such a
provision as that, which would pay from twenty
to twenty-five percent, upon an annual appropri-
ation in the shape of salaries; or, in other words,
which would give $12,000 in the shape of salaries
for the distribution of $48,000. The farmers of
the country, who are the pet class for whose ben-
efit the appropriation is made, will see, unless we
adhere to this proviso, that this' runs into an ex-
travagance that is perfectly wasteful, and that
could not obtain, in any other branch of the Gov-
ernment, independent of the fact that it allows a
parcel of bureau or departmental officers to dis-
tribute salaries among their employes in direct
violation of the Constitution, because the Consti-
tution supposes that money is to go outof.the
Treasury upon appropriations made by law, and
that the executive officers are to meet those things
that are established by law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I \inderstood the
gentleman from Delaware to assert that there was
no person employed in this business at a salary
of $2,000, except, perhaps, the principal. I find,
in the register commonly called the Blue Book, the
following names of persons engaged in this work,
and at the following salaries: D. J. Browne,
#2,000; T.Glover, $2,000; H,C. Williams, $2,000;
C. L. Alexandci, $J,2oO; William H, Dietz,
$1,000; and Thomas J. Donoho, Joseph Iuiian,
and C. Simmons, #3 per (Jay each, which would
be about one thousand dollars a year each.
That will make about twelve thousand dollars;
and then, if I am not mistaken, there are other per-
sons employed in packing; up these seeds and in the
distribution of them. Here is a statement show-
ing the unexpended balance of the appropriation
of $75,000, made for agricultural purposes on the
18th of August last:
To amount of appropriation $73,000 00
By ca«h paid for the purchase of seeds, &.C., as per detailed
statement marked No. 1 $18,106 21
JBy ca*h paid fieight, and other expenses  1,964 64
By cash paid saUne;* and wages of employe in
the preparation of the annual report, and for
the putting upand distribution of seeds  17,487 Jo
It costs nearly as much for the distribution of
the seeds, and for the preparation of the report,
as the seeds themselves cost; and that sum of
$17,000 has been expended for this purpose under
the discretion of some person in the Department
of the Interior. There is no law of which I am
aware, providing how many persons shall be em-
ployed, or how much any of these persons shall
receive. But Congress makes the appropriation
under the popular clamor in this Hall that it is
for the benefit of agriculture, when it is to be taken
from the agriculturists to be distributed to men
who render no service for it.
Mr. WHITELEY. I wish to explain. I un-
derstood the former remark of the gentleman from
Tennessee to be that there were clerks at $2,000
salaries, and I was under the impression that only
Mr. Browne, the principal, received $2,000. There
are no clerks at all in that department. These
two other gentlemen, who get &2,000, are em-
ployed traveling over the country, procuring in-
formation upon this subject, which is submitted
m the annual report. They get, I am told, $2,000
a yfcar, and pay their own expenses; and I must
be permitted to say that the salary is not exor-
bitant, when you compel these men to travel over
the United States, and pay their own expenses.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman if one of these men has rendered any
other service than going through' Texas and Ar-
kansas cutting wild grape vines, to be sent here
for distribution ?
Mr. WHITELEY. I do not know about that.
The amendment of ttye Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Mr. REAGAN. Be/ore the general debate ex
pires I desire to call up the thirty-eighth amend-
ment, because I may not get the floor when it
comes up. I ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read tne thirty-eighth amendment,
as follows' ^ [
For making the surPfys of the confirmed private land
claims m California, the surveyor general is hereby author-
ized to pay such sum as he may deem reasonable, accord-
ing to the circumstances connected with each case, not ex-
ceeding at the rate of twenty-five dollars for each mile of
the boundary lines of any claim, and also for such lines as
may necessarily be run and marked or measured, in order
to connect the lines of such claim with those of the adja-
cent puhhc surveys: Provided, That the surveyor or sur-
veyors hereafter executing any such survey, of a private
claim, shall accompany his or their return of such survey
with bis affidavit that no compensation has been received
by him, directly or indirectly, or agreed to be paid to or
received by him for the same, from any quarter other
than the GovernmentofthcUmted States : Provided, That
it shall be the duty of the surveyor general of California to
award each contract to execute such surveys to the lowest
Responsible bidder, he being 4 practical surveyor, aftei lea-
sonable notice, to be published in two newspapers of the
largest circulation m the State of California.
Mr. REAGAN. I wish to say a word on that
amendment now, because, when it comes up in
its order, I may not have an opportunity of call-
ing the attention of members to what it proposes.
It is an amendment which deserves the attention
of the House, and which ought not to be pressed
through underafive-minutes' debate. Itproposes
to give twenty-five dollars per mile for the sur-
veying which is indicated. In the course of my
life I have served as a surveyor for three or four
years, in a country where, perhaps, living is as
expensive as it is in California, and the price I
received was only three dollars a mile. I surveyed
through thickets as well as through open woods,
and did very well at it, as others had done. It
strikes me now as something startling that the
Congress of the United States should be asked to
appropriate $100 a section for surveying land. I
am told that living is as cheap in California as it
is elsewhere; that provisions are as cheap there
as elsewhere; labor may be a little higher there
than it is in the Atlantic sea-board States, but not
a great deal higher. Yet, sir, we are asked hero
to make an appropriation of $100 per square mile
for surveying land in that State. I understand
that in Louisiana, where private surveys are
made, there was, and perhaps is now, a provis-
ion of law authorizing the paying of as much as
six dollars a mile for making surveys where there
are swamps and marshes to be gone through. The
law as it exists, I understand, authorizes the giv-
ingfortheseprivatesurveyssixteendollarsa mile;
that is, sixty-four dollars a section; and it does
seem to me that that is enough to satisfy the most
extreme avarice. Why should we pay $100 a
section for surveying land ? We may be told that,
under this amendment, advertisement is to be
made m the newspapers for giving the surveying
out by contract. Who is there here who does
not know that when appropriations are made for
works of this kind, through some process of man-
agement, the contracts are let out at the maximum
price allowed by Congress? What is to be done
here? Is the surveyor general to farm out the sur-
veying in California ? Is he to make his private
fortune outof this class of surveying? Certainly,
it cannot be necessary to pay that price for sur-
veying. The price paid for surveying over the
country generally is three dollars a mile. Five
d-ollars a mile would be a good price for survey-
ing anywhere.
The amendment provides that they shall not
only be allowed twenty-five dollars a mile for
surveying the linos of private surveys, but for
surveying the connecting lines—the lines connect-
ing these private surveys with some other exist-
ing surveys. There is no limitation that it shall
be confined even to the nearest survey; and when i
you offer an inducement to avarice by an extraor-
dinary compensation like this, certain it is that
they will ran the lines as far as possible.
The proposition, in its simple statement, is
I startling enough to cause members to reject it at
j once. I take occasion to call attention to it to
exhibit the extent to which we ar© going in reck-
less and extravagant expenditure of the public
money. What will the people say ? What ought
they to say when they learn*that it is proposed to
authorize the payment of twenty-five dollars a
mile for running lines of survey? Would there
not be a general feeling of alarm at such reckless
extravagance? It does seem to me, then, that
when a proposition of so startling a character as
this is presented, Congress will pause until it can
ascertain some necessity for such an extraordi-
nary appropriation.
I have said before that, in my State, surveying
costs as much, perhaps, as it does in California.
Surveyors there do well at three dollars a mile, 1
know that it has been argued at the other end of
the Capitol that these* private surveys give in-
creased trouble; but 1 cannot see why there should
be any additional trouble in those cases.
It is also urged in favor of this amendment,
that those desiring private surveys could not get
surveyors to make them for sixteen dollars a mile.
Is not sixty-four dollars enough for surveying a
section? An active man will survey three or four
sections of land a day; yet it is urged that six-
teen dollars a mile will not pay for the surveying
of these lines, and it is said that unless good
pay is given to the surveyors, the owners of pri-
vate claims will have to pay additional amounts,
and that therefore the surveyor would be put m
a position where he might be tempted to violate
his duty. Who is there that will seriously ad-
vance such an argument? The surveyor goes
there as the sworn officer of the law. Will he
! commit perjury, because he is not paid enough
i by the Government, and because private claim-
• ants may see proper to pay him an additional
I compensation?
! Sir, I take it that neither bribery on the one
| hand nor perjury on the other, will take place.
] The surveyor general is directed to run certain
lines. How can he affect the inteicsts of the
; Government? How can he affect the interests of
| the claimants by an alteration of the survey? He
, has the metes and bounds of his survey by the
j order of the court or by the title under which he
i runs it. Will he dare to violate the order by run-
\ ning the lines contrary to what is called for, by
I changing the course or lengthening or shortening
j the distances? It is to be lemembered thatwheti
I surveying is done it carries in connection with ad-
1 joining surveys, the means of inevitable detection
: in case of fraud. One survey proves another,
j shows whether it is correct or incorrect. If the
! surveyor general then surveys mote land than he
| ought to for a private claimant, that fraud will
soon be detected and exposed. And it confers
upon the claimant no title. There are other sur-
veys to be made there, and if the frauds are not
sooner exposed, they will be then exposed, and
the land not included in the grant is liable to be
taken up by any other locator or settler. And
thai, which I understand is the only material rea-
son for the appropriation, is a baseless argument
which will not stand the test of reason, and I
hope the House will, when we come to act upon
that amendment, strike it out.
[Mr. DAVIDSON here, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an
act (H. R. C. C. No. 85) for the relief of Peter
Parker; when the Speaker signed the same.]
Mr. SCOTT. Not knowing that this bill was
to be taken up to-day, I did not anticipate that
there would be objection made to this clause of the
bill ort to-day. Now, sir, I know it was stated
in the other end of the Capitol that living was as
j cheap in the State of California as it was upon
thia side. I deny the truth of that assertion. I
state here, upon information which I have in my
possession, acquired by personal experience and
observation, that the cost of living in California is
now twice as great as it is upon this side. The
matter which we have to deal with, is the matter
of labor, and the price there paid for labor. Now,
in that connection, I would state to the gentleman
from Texas, that he cannot employ a laboring
man m San Francisco, or in the mines of Califor-
nia, under fifty or sigty dollars a month. And I
will state, too, that he cannot get deputy survey-
ors to take charge of those surveys for less than
one hundred and fifty or two hundred dollars per
