THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
February 10,
addition of the thirty companies. Believing that I
there is some olyection to the paper increase—and
it is merely on paper—we will withdraw the prop-
osition to increase the maximum strength of the
conipany to ninety-six, leaving it as it now stands,
at an average of say fifty-two, for it varies in dif-
ferent arms, with authority to the President, in
certain contingencies, to raise it to seventy-four.
That is the present law, by the act of 1850.
On account of the statements which have been
made in relation to the strength of the Army, so
greatly exaggerated beyond the reality, I have
thought it necessary to make an exact statement
of what the Army is. It is now composed, includ-
ing all arms of the service which go into the field,
(not including engineer soldiers or ordnance sol-
diers,) of one hundred and ninety-eight compa-
nies, which, according to the fixed establishment
of the Army, to be found in a table in the Army
Register of this year, at page 43, gives a number
of privates equal to nine thousand and sixty-six,
supposing every company to be full up to the
organization of the peace establishment; adding
non-commissioned officers and musicians, you get
the total of enlisted men eleven thousand eight
hundred and thirty-eight. In 1850, on account of
the necessity of troops on the frontier, Congress
provided that at distant stations, and on the emi-
grant routes, the President should have authority
to increase the privates in any company so em-
ployed to seventy-four; and this is the number
which is taken from the Secretary of War's report.
It is not the peace establishment; it is not the fixed
establishment of the Army; but it is the temporary
mcreaseauthorized by Congress to be made in cer-
tain contingencies. That gives a possible number
of seventeen thousand five hundred and two, ex-
clusive of the three or four hundred men who
belong to the engineers and ordnance, and who,
being added in the report, confuse the view which
has been taken. That possible increase of the
Army, it being now stationed almost entirely on
the frontier, brings it up to that number. If every
company in the Army was on duty, or in cam-
paign, there would be a still higher possible num-
ber. It might in that contingency go up to about
nineteen thousand.
Mr. 1VERSON. The Senator will allow me to
interrupt him. I have an authentic statement
from the Adjutant General's office, showing the
present numerical distribution of the Army by
military departments. The department of the
oast, including forts and fortresses, has eight hun-
dred and sixty-time men; the department of Flor-
ida, three hundred and thirty-seven; Kansas, Ne-
braska, Minnesota, and Arkansas, three thou-
sand six hundred and seventy-six; the department
of Texas, two thousand and forty-nine; New
Mexico, two thousand two hundred and foity;
the department of the Pacific, two thousand five
hundred and seventeen; the army of Utah, one
thousand eight hundred mid eighty-seven; making
the total of the Army of the United States at pres-
ent only thirteen thousand five hundred and sev-
enty-five. That is the whole Army at present.
Mr. DAVIS. That is in consequence of the
wasting which occurred alter the month of June,
when the actual force was stated in the report of
ihe Secretary of War, which has been so often
read to the Senate. The actual number is a fluc-
tuating number; and (ho only thing upon which
any calculation can be made in relation to the
broader question of the policy of the Government,
is your fixed or legal establishment—not how
many men may happen to be in the service to-day,
or may be to-morrow, fluctuating under the slid-
ing .scale established by the act of 1850, but what
you will have for a permanent peace establish-
ment. That can be determined by principles of
statesmanship much bioader than the mere ques-
tion of how many men are necessary to chase
down some Indian tribe. The policy/ of our mil-
itary establishment was framed by men who stood
upon a higher pedestal, and loolod over a wider
aphere. It was carrying out the policy proclaimed
by Washington, 4* in peace prepaie for war."
It was enabling our Go\crnment to move step by
step, and keep easy progress with foreign nations
with whom we might be involved in war.
In the mean time, a certain portion of the Army
was from the beginning employed m the defense
of our frontier settlements, then an °asy task. As
a that task increased in d'.lTiouky, ihe Army was
increased, and every reduction proved an unfortu-
; that the war with the Sacs and 3?oxes, commonly
i known as the Black Hawk war, which extended
! over two campaigns, resulted from the fact that
■ we had not a sufficient number of troops in a po-
' sition to punish the first acts of aggression. It
' finally involved both parties in open hostility. It
| has equally well been established in regard to that
. long and vastly expensive war in Florida, where
; each Indian's head cost a sum that I would be
' afraid even to state, where,per capita, more money
; was expended than one would deem it possible
| could have been fairly expended on a worthless
i Indian tribe. I say it has been established that
! if one, or at most two regiments had been in po-
i sition when the first inception of that movement
j commenced, those expensive wars of 1838 and
i 1845 might have been avoided.
| But, sir, our predecessors had a wiser policy,
' I say, than merely protecting the frontier settlers.
, They had the policy of keeping our Army in-
;j structed in all that belongs to civilized war; train-
ing artillery, training all the various arms of ser-
vice in the science of war which is not to be
learned merely by campaign duty—that is the
practice, not the science of war.
The necessities for frontier service, with the aug-
mentations of the Army which have been made,
' have caused its whole disposable force to be
thrown to the exterior of our line, and scarcely
any are left to hold the great fortifications along
the sea-board, and there to learn those lessons in
artillery practice that would be so essential to us
in war. We have no dragoons or cavalry in any
, schools of instruction or practice. They are kept
constantly on the frontier; and only so much as
I may be learned in occasional encampments—so
j much as may be learned in hot pursuit with jaded
; horses, is all that can be taught the cavalry arm
I of the United States. This is the great departure;
! not the increase of the Army, but the refusal to
I keep up those garrisons where military instruction
I may be perfected, is the great departure from the
i policy of our fathers.
! According to the report of the Secretary of
i War, we now have one hundred and thirty-eight
I posts. According, also, to his report, we have
! an exterior boundary of eleven thousand miles;
, and of emigrant routes requiring military super-
| vision by the military force, we have six thou-
! j sand seven hundred miles: giving a total of scv-
; 1 enteen thousand seven hundred miles. From this
II aggregate is excluded the whole amount of our
i' Indian frontier, being two lines, extending from
1 our northern to our southern boundary, and the
1 whole amount of the reservations where, by the
j, reports to the Secretary of the Interior, from his
j agents in different parts of the country, it is made
: apparent that the fulfillment of our obligations to
i the Indian tribes require the establishment of new i
! posts. This may be taken as quite equal to the
' amount stated m the report of the Secretary of
. War; and then wc have seventeen thousand seven
i hundred miles stated, which may be considered
| as about half the demand; and for which we may
i possibly have, by posting them as stated, an army :
I of seventeen thousand five hundred men, or less |
i than one man to the mile; or if you include the !
1 Indian frontier and the Indian reservations, less !
i than one man to two miles. That is the Army the j
augmentation of which is considered so great as ;
(o become dangerous to the peace and liberty of ;
the country! Taking the posts at merely thenum- [
i. bcr we now have, one hundred and thirty-eight,
and the companies of the Army being one hundred
/ and ninety-eight, it is apparent that you have not
i | companies enough m the Army to establish two
. companiesat a post,and less than two nevershould
:, be the garrison of a post. It destroys discipline;
I it impairs responsibility; it greatly depreciates
' from the efficiency, and I might say respectability,
1 of the troops, to segregate them into such small
| detachments and leave them there to wear out like
;1 mere policemen stationed on a wharf.
The main argument m opposition to an increase
i of the Army, as I understand it, has been that
there has been no showing of the necessity. I
have, therefore, referred to what is to be drawn
; from the report of the Secretary of War, and I
J have also indicated the report of the Secretary of
I the Interior; buc without wearying the Senate to
I read from it extensively, I will merely allude to a
I single passage at page 6'2 of the report of the Sec-
1 lxtary of the Interior, where lie announces the
number of Indians at three hundred and twenty-
five thousand, of whom three fourths belong to
the hostile and roving bands. Two hundred^and
forty-three thousand five hundred of our Indians
belong to that roving and hostile character which
requires the interposition of military supervision.
Where Indians of friendly temper have been
drawn into reservations, I have, in looking hastily
through this volume,found,in a great majority of
cases, that the report-of the sub-agent superin-
tending the reservation says there is a necessity
for the establishment of a military post to perfect
the purpose of the Government to bring these
Indians to an agricultural condition, and to give
them that protection which is essential for their
future progress. This is all in addition to what
is contained in the report of the Secretary of War.
These reports, too, are further sustained by the
report of the Commanding General and of the
Adjutant General, and in each of them it is shown,
as I think, very conclusively, that the necessity
exists for a force greater than we now have, and
that, economy considered, is best to be obtained
by increasing the regular army of the United
States.
I have said before, and I repeat, that in urging
this measure I do not make it rest on the neces-
sities of the expedition against Utah, nor the ne-
cessity of keeping troops in Kansas. I did nofc
say, as I have been sometimes represented, thai
no troops were necessary for Utah, or for Kansas.
I assumed no such position. I say, I am not ask-
ing for troops for that purpose; because I believe
if those difficulties were ended to-day the troops
would be necessary. I believe that if the troops
are used in one or both places for a time, at the
end of that time they will be necessary for other
purposes; and now they can be used in one or
both of these places, only by withdrawing them
from other purposes for which troops are required.
I have not said, and I hope again that I shall not
be misunderstood,that I deny the necessity for the
use of troops in either of those Territories. That
belongs to the Administration. I have no dispo-
sition to enter into the question as to whether the
campaign should have been commenced against
the Mormons or not.
I hope the anticipations of the President, as in
a contingency which he expects soon to occur,
troops will no longer be required in Kansas, may
be realized. I may say, from my knowledge of
the personnel of the Army, that there is no duty
which could be more disagreeable—I may say
more odious—to them, than interference with citi-
zens of the United States in the Territories, or
elsewhere. The maintenance of civil order is the
last duty that any soldier would like to perform;
but, at the same time, I deem it due to candor to
say that I do not entertain the hopes which the
President expresses. I have seen no evidence that
the reign of terror in Kansas is to terminate in
any contingency which I now foresee. I believe
those lawless men who have been brought into
conflict there, arc to continue their collision; that
men arc to be intimidated for political ends, their
houses to be burned, and assassinations to occur
all over the Territoi y, the moment the strong arm
of the federal Government is taken away. I
cannot go to the extent of the Senator from Geor-
gia, and say that I will not give a man to preserve
peace. I cannot go to the extent which would
declare that I prefer that civil war should rage in
the land, rather than to increase the Army and
maintain order by the presence of troops in the
Territories of the United States. It is no part of
my feeling. In the first place, I should be willing
to use troops anywhere to put down civil war and
insurrection against the United States, when a
contingency, such as is contemplated by the law,
arises.
In the next place, I do not hold that the Terri-
tories occupy the same position as States. I do
not admit, as I have never subscribed, to the doc-
trine of squatter sovereignty, that the Government
of the United States has no more power in a Ter-
ritory than in a State. I hold that the Territories
are dependencies of the Federal Government: they
are in a condition of pupilage, to be governed by
the States; the property of the States; and that if
men, either foreign or native, should aggregate
themselves upon a Territory of the United States,
and raise the standard of rebellion against its Gov-
ernment, and in defiance of its laws, it is not only
witlun the power, but it is the plain, palpable duty
