1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
in place of it. It is proposed now to modify that
new section.
Mr, HUNTER. But you cannot modify that
new section because it has been adopted. The
amendment to the section has been adopted. The
Senate has passed upon it. It has determined to
adopt that. You cannot amend what the Senate
has determined to adopt.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. The Chair mis-
understood it. He does not consider the amend-
ment in order, because the section in its present
form has just been adopted by the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Does the Chair rule my mo-
tion out of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is, as the
amendment has just been voted in.
Mr. WILSON. Would it be in order to recon-
sider those words ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would be in
order to reconsider the late vote of the Senate by
which that whole section was adopted in its pres-
ent form.
Mr. WILSON. I move to strike out the whole
section, and I want to state very briefly why I
do it. I think the adoption of that section, as now
amended, unfair and unjust. Jt proposes to pay
the Clerk of the Itouso the money he paid out
under the direction of the House to some persons
employed by the House, and ail other persons
who have not been paid are to receive nothing.
Now, sir, I believe it impartial and unjust; and
we bad better strike the whole of it out and let it
go. I have no doubtthat,in somcform, the money
will be restored to him this session; but I think
we had bettor strike out this section, and, as the
bill goes back to the House, we arc more likely
to secure justice and equity to the employes of
that House. I therefore shall vote to strike it
out.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot suffer to pass un-
challenged this new code of political ethics. The
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts is
this: if certain parties have, m violation of law,
got money out of the Treasury, it is quite unfair
and unjust that we shall not let other parties get
some too. The proposition as first made was,
that we should restore to the Clerk of the House
that which he had paid out in obedience to the
order of the House, although admitted to be in
violation of law; but it was upon the ground that
he had been placed in a delicate position, and had
been compelled to yield obedience to the order of
his own House. Hut the Senator from Massa-
chusetts says that is not fair; that some of these
men have got money in violation of law, and that
there is no justice unless we pass a resolution al-
lowing other men to get money in violation of law;
that the plunder ought to be general; that as we
have allowed it to be partial, there is nothing but
justice in allowing it to be made general. I hope
if it is to he made general, that members of both
Houses, and everybody else, will be allowed a
share. Let us have this justice in plundering the
public Treasury universally, and let us allow this
sum to every man m the United fttat.es. Then
there will be justice, then there will be equality;
but this political morality which lequires you to
allow one man to steal because another has stolen,
is something novel m Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand that there
is any amendment pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chnirdoes !
not consider that the motion to strike out is in
order, because the matter proposed to be stricken
out lias just been inserted by a vote of the Senate.
It would be in order to move to reconsider.
Mr. WILSON. Before I make that motion, I
wish to say a word or two in reply to the Senator
from Louisiana. I desire to say, m the first place,
that I receive his lecture in all kindness. Let me
tell him, what lie knows to be true, that the em-
ployes in both Houses of Congress, for years,
have had voted to them extra pay; nnd that Sen-
ator, within a year or two, has helped to do it.
Now he calls it plunder. Was it plunder when
the Senator from Louisiana voted for extra pay
to the Chaplain of the Senate at the last Congress"?
When that holy man of God put his hands into
the Treasury, and took that extra pay, did he ]
plunder? The Senator from Louisiana, andother i
Senators here, voted for it. Sir, it is a fact known {
to the members of the Senate, that we have voted j
to the persons employed in the Senate and House j
extra pay for years. I do not justify the system. I
All that I have to say about it is, that Congress
has done it; all parties have been engaged in it;
The last House of Representatives acted in this
way. Their Clerk paid a portion of the persons
employed the extra pay; others have not been
paid.
Now; sir, what I want is fair play. Let this
Congress pay what the last Congress ordered to
be paid—pay all persons covered by the House
resolution, and then let us start fair, with the un-
derstanding that we shall stop the whole system,
and make no more of these allowances. Let the
resolution, as passed, be carried out. It would
have been carried out if it had not been for a new
construction put upon an old law. I understand
that the Secretary of the Treasury thinks it right
that it should be carried out. Why, sir, one of
the members of the Committee of Ways and
Means of the other House from Virginia, a man
who cares as much for the Treasury of the United
States as any other man m Congress; a man who,
in money matters, I believe, is one of the purest
and most upright men in Congress—I mean Mr.
Letcher, ofVirginia—advocated thisas right and
just, maintaining that it ought to be carried out,
and that we ought to stop here.
Hut what do you propose ? You propose to
pay back to the Clerk what he has paid out. The
persons to whom ho has paid it get their extra
pay—the other equally faithful persons employed
by the House of Representatives receive nothing.
Now, I would pay them all according to the res-
olution, and then I would stop and pass no more
extra pay resolutions. But it is pioposed to stop
with the employes of the last House of Represent-
atives, and that is the whole of it. I should like
to have this struck out.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the Senator if we
have not stopped on the employes of the Senate ?
Mr. WILSON. We did not stop on the man
who did the praying for us at the last Congress.
We paid him then. I cannot say about all the other
employes. I am against this whole bill. We are
sticklers here on a little matter connected with a
few employes of the 1 louse, while we vote readily
for contracts made contrary to law by men who
put their hands up to their elbows in the Treas-
ury.
Sir, I believe I have as much interest and as
much care in regard to the Treasury as other men:
but I do not wish to be lectured here in regard to
it. I have made this discovery, Mr. President,
in my experience in Congress and in the country,
that the members of a certain party—I mean the
supporters of this Administration—can go into the
Tieasury, put their hands in, and their arms in,
and cover themselves from head to heel with gold ;
while, if a bit of gold happens to touch the gar-
ments of persons of another party, they are ruined
and damned. I believe candidly that the warfare
on this proposition springs chiefly and mainly
from the fact that the employes of the last House
did not belong to the political party that now con-
trols this country, or has the administration of the
Government. 1 want to carry out the resolution
of the House and stopheie; and I never want to
hear anything more about extra pay.
There is another point. I am told that the
clerks of the committees of the House receive
four dollars a day while our committee clerks re-
ceive six dollars. I do not know that their other
employes are in the same ratio. If they be there
may be some special reasons why the employes
of the House of Representatives should receive
extra pay. Of that I am not informed. We have
struck out of this bill, however, their reporters;
they have found it out and they have put their
reporters in another bill, and they will come here
again.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely wish to remark,in
reply to the charj^which has been made so often
here, that this bill contains appropriations for con-
tracts made contraiy to law, that I am not aware
of any such contracts for which this bill is pro-
viding. It is made to provide for contracts made
without appropriations, but made under a law
sanctioning them, specially the law of 1820.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will say one word more
in relation to what the gentleman from Virginia
has just suggested.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to know what the
question is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
more than once reminded the Senate that there is
no question now pending until another amend-
ment is read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will let the vote be taken
on this.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill, by
striking out 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that there are amendments
pending, reported from the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, not yet disposed of.
Mr. FOSTER. Before we pass to other amend-
ments, I propose making a motion to reconsider
a vote that has passed within a few moments, on
which I voted with the majority. Prior to making
the motion, I wish to say, in a very few words,
that in regard to the position of this bill and some
of the votes which have been taken, I have been
perplexed and embarrassed how to vote. It was
in many of the votes 1 have given, a troublesome
question with me how to vote, for it was mani-
fest we were in a difficulty to some extent, let us
decide these questions as we might. I voted in
view of the bust lights that are before me, and I
am not entirely sure that I have not voted right;
but I have such doubts about it, that I move to
reconsider the vote on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, on which I voted with
him, and voted with the majority.
Mr. DURKEE and others. That is stricken
out.
Mr.
Mr.
whole
FOSTER. I understand not.
COLLAMER. I understand that that
third section, after it had received that
amendment of the. gentleman from North Caro-
lina, and a variety of others, Was altogether strick-
en out, and a substitute put in its place, on the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. FOSTER. I voted for that, and was going
to say that I meant, also, to move a reconsidera-
tion of that vote.
I\Ir. COLLAMER. That must be reconsidered
first.
Mr. FOSTER. If there is any difference in
point of priority, if one must be reconsidered be-
foi e the other, I move to reconsider-the vote on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Wis-
consin. My object was to get directly at my
purpose by moving to reconsider the vote on the
amendment of the Senator from North Carolina;
but, as suggested, I think it is more proper, in
point of form, to reconsider the other first,and it
may be necessary. I move, therefore, that we re-
consider the vote on the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, stating my pur-
pose to be, if that shall prevail and the vote shall
be reconsidered and theamendment lejected, then
to move to reconsider the vote on the amendment
of the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. 11 ALE. I wish to call the attention of the
Chair to a decision whirh he has just made, which
I think is a mistake. I do not want to take an ap-
peal; but I think the Chair is evidently mistaken.
The amendment proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin was an amendment after the enacting
clause of the section, and it was adopted. Then
the Senator from Massachusetts moved to strike
out the whole section, enacting clause and all.
That is clcarly in order, and the Chair is mistaken
in its decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would say in reply to the Senator from New
Hampshire that the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin was to strike out one clause, and to in-
sert another in its place: and it would not be com-
petent now to move to amend the inserted matter.
Mr. PUGH. I understood that the motion of
the Senator fiom Wisconsin was to strike out all
after the enacting clause, but that it did not pre-
vent my motion, of which I had given notice, to
strike out the entire section. If it has any such
effect I shall move to reconsider that vote; for I
reserve yet the right to move to strike out the en-
tire section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itisnow moved
by the Senator from Connecticut to reconsider
the last vote of the Senate, by which the amend-
ment offered by theSenator from Wisconsin was
adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish the remark made
by the Senator from Virginia not to go unchal-
lenged. I do not propose to go over the ground
again; it has been so fully argued by the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,] and I said some-
thing upon it yesterday. The Senator has re-
