1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
marked that he is not aware that this bill makes
appropriations to pay money on contracts which
were made without authority of law. I think it
has been clearly shown that the contracts for
which this bill provides were made contrary to
law—not only that there was no appropriation to
meet the contracts, but that the contracts were
made without advertisements, in direct violation
of law, as was shown by the Senator from Maine,
by reference to the law, and as I tried to show
yesterday. The foundation of the whole bill, so
far as it relates to the appropriations for the Utah
expedition, is an unwarranted assumption on the
part of the President.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was about, a few moments
ago, to say a few words on this very subject of
contracts having been made in violation of law,
because not advertised, and to call the attention
of the Senator from Illinois and the Senator from
Maine to their mistake on that subject. There is
a statute which both have overlooked, which ex-
pressly authorizes contracts without advertise-
ments. I will read it. The act of the 14th of
April, 1818, provides—
'•That supplies for the Army, unless in particular and
urgent eases the Secretary of War should otlierwibc direct,
shall he purchased by contract to be made by the commis-
sary general on public notice."
By the act of the 23d of August, 1842, the office
of the commissary general of purchase -tfas abol-
ished, and the powers and duties of that officer
were devolved on the quartermaster's department.
There is a special statute authorizing the Secre-
tary of War, in cases of urgent necessity, to di-
rect this purchase of supplies for the Army with-
out advertisement-, and that is what is asserted to
have been done in contravention of law.
Mr. SIMMONS. I feel very unwilling to vote
against this motion, as it is made by my friend
from Connecticut; but it seems to me that we are
getting more and more into trouble by reconsid-
ering these votes. I have voted against altering
this section as it came from the House, I believe
in every instance, except the first amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from North Carolina. The
whole difficulty is, that we are undertaking to in-
terfere with the usual practice of the two Houses,
to pay their clerks and other employes as they see
fit. It ought never to be interfered with, in my
deliberate judgment, unless there is some very ex-
traordinary conduct on the part of one House.
These joint resolutions and regulations about pay-
ing our pages and messengers and clerks, I have
never known adhered to any longer than the close
of the next session after they were made. We
generally make these extra allowances, and then
pass a law that we will never pay them again,
and when we come to the end of the session we
forget it. A sort of appeal is made to our gener-
osity which I do not think deserves a great deal
of harsh censure any way.
Air. FOSTER. The Senator will allow mi5 to
say, that by reconsidering the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin, and the Senator from
North Carolina, we shall probably come to a re-
sult, at least so far as my vote is concerned, where
we shall be in condition to follow out the doctrine
suggested by the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to get at it, but
we have been at it two days, and we are getting
further and further off. *
Mr. FOSTER, and others. This will do it.
Mr. SIMMONS. If it will come to that result,
I hope we shall get rid of this difficulty.
Mr, FOSTER. That was my object in making
the motion.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Doolittle.
Mr. PUGH. Now is the amendment to strike
out the entire section?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To strike out
all after the enacting clause, and insert another
provision.
Mr. PUGH. After that motion, I understand
it will still be in order to move to strike out the
whole section, including the enacting clause.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is upon striking out all after the enacting
clause, and inserting the new matter proposed by
the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. STUART. The question now before the
Senate is the same one which we voted upon be- ■
fore, and I understood the Chair recently to state
that that was a motion to strike out the section
and insert a new one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the section.
Mr. STUART. Then I misapprehended the
Chair.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FOSTER. I now move that the Senate
reconsider the vote agreeing to the amendment
proposed this morning by the honorable Senator
from North Carolina. That amendment was, in
the third section, after the word " Congress," in
line six, to insert, " not in contravention of the
joint resolution ' to fix the compensation of the
employes in the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment, and to prohibit the allowance of the
usual extra compensation to such as receive the
benefits thereof,' " approved July 20, 1854.
Mr. BIGGS. I suppose it is as well to make
a test question on the reconsideration as anything
else. I therefore call for the yeas and nays on the
motion to reconsider. It is the same question
we have discussed here, and I do not propose to
trouble the Senate again in regard to it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. Before the question is taken
I wish to call the attention of the Senator from
North Carolina, and also especially of the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, to the fact that on the 5th of
March, 1857, the Senate rearranged its commit-
tees on a report of the Senator from Louisiana,
and without referring at all to this law of 1854,
provided " the clerks employed by all the other
committees shall receive a compensation of six
dollars per diem during the time of their actual
employment, and at the close of the second ses-
sion of each Congress shall be entitled to an extra
compensation equal to the amount of their per diem
for sixty days." Thus we have provided here
in the Senate that our clerks shall have $360 extra
compensation. The House of Representatives
propose to give $240 to their clerks. That is the
difference, and the Senator from Louisiana him-
self made the report providing for $360 extra to
our clerks.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator will permit
me a moment. He certainly does not understand
the position of the Senate on this subject. By law
each House has a right to employ such clerks and
assistants as it pleases, and in employing them to
fix the compensation; and the compensation so
fixed at the date of employment is entirely within
the discretion of the House. It is not touched at
all by this resolution. The resolution attacks the
abuse of paying men extra compensation, after
their employment has been contracted upon a par-
ticular basis of compensation, by way of gratuity.
Now you employ your Secretary. You pay him
any salary that you please. You may to-day say
that for the future he shall have ten thousand dol-
lars a year instead of one thousand. You have a
perfect right to do it. There is no law that pro-
hibits it. If you say, however, that his compen-
sation shall be five thousand dollars a year, and
at the end of the term allow him one dollar more
for what he has already done, you are allowing
extra compensation.
Now, in arranging the committees, a scale of
future payment for their clerks was established.
They were to have six dollars per day for their
service; but as in the short session they were em-
ployed only ninety days they were to have six
dollars per day extra for sixty days^beyond the
session. That was one mode of providing for the
way in which their service should be calculated
infiUuro. It was no grant, no gift, no gratuity
for past service, but the basis upon which future
services were to be compensated. That is the
distinction. That is perfectly in accordance with
law.
Mr. WILSON. A single word. I understand
the explanation made by the Senator, hut it
amounts to this: our clerks are allowed six dol-
lars per day, and then, by our own rules, six dol-
lars for sixty days extra, which is §360. I think
that right; I agree with the Senator. But the
House of Representatives give their clerks of
committees four dollars per day, and they have
got no extra. They propose it in this bill, and
you are going to strike out $240 granted to the
clerks of the House, who have only four dollars
a day, and you give $360 to your own clerks, who
have six dollars pur day.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Nobody denies the right
of the House to employ theit clerks at frobr, pi-
lars or ten dollars a uay, or to give them "fifty Hol-
lars a day after the end of the session,.?/* the^;
will putit in the rule at the begiriningof;the ;
sion, when they employ them. The objectiori js*, _
that after employing men, and fixing the Amount *
at which they should be employed, they fnafte
presents.
Mr. WILSON. Then we had better let them
do this, and give them an opportunity to make 1
their own laws about it in future. They voted it
as a just compensation. I think we Bad better
do it, and have this matter quietly settled.
Mr. FOSTER. When this amendment of the
honorable Senator from North Carolina was be-
fore the Senate, I voted for it. I voted for it
mainly because it would prevent the payment
of a certain sum of money out of the Treasury
which it was agreed was about to be paid under
circumstances not strictly warranted bylaw. It
seemed to me, in the condition of the country and
of the Treasury, I was called upon topreventany
payment, even a small one, that I lawfully could.
A great deal is said here about economy; but
though I take up less time' perhaps than .some
gentlemen in speaking ofit, I am disposed to vote,,
where economy is concerned, I trust, on the side
of a judicious economy. Under the circumstances,
if this vote is reconsidered, I shall change my vote
on this amendment, and shall vote against it. I
believe, under all the circumstances, it is judicious
and best that the amendment shall not prevail,;
that the House of Representatives should be al-"
lowed, at least so far as wc are concerned, to close
this matter, and to end it, it being a matter of a
former Congress; and then let us exert ourselves
with all the energy that may be to use economy
in our administration; and where our authority is
concerned, let it be on the side of strict economy,
and the maintenance of the law.
I regret, somewhat, to make this explanation,
and to change my vote; but the question was so
complex, so difficult, so full of difficulty now and
promising so much more difficulty in the future,
that it seems to me we consult a wise economy
in passing this by. As regards the amount, it
ccrtainly is not a large one compared with the
amounts which are going from the Treasury con-
stantly, swelling up our expenditure anntlafly to '
a sum that is absolutely startling. Why, sir, our
expenses this year will unquestionably exceed
seventy million dollars—an amount of more than
three hundred thousand dollars for every congres-
sional district in the United States. In the small
State from which I come, having four congres-
sional disti icts, if this amount were to be raised by
a direct tax, the State of Connecticut would be
compelled to pay for the support of the national
Government twelve hundred thousand dollars a
j year. Possibly, sir, we are as able to pay that
; sum as any other of the States; possibly not. I am
! free to confess it would be withgreatdifficultytbat
i that sum of twelve hundred thousand dollars could
, be collected in the State of Connecticut, by a di-
| rect tax, for the support of this Government; but I
■ feel pride in saying that I believe my State would
! pay, as cheerfully as any State in the Union, her
| just share of the expenses of the Government. I
j should feel somewhat startled, however, and my
' constituents would be startled, if they were called
! upon to pay, by direct taxation, twelve hundred
| thousand dollars a year for the support of this
I Government. You are taking such a cours'e as
! compels our States to this; and under these cir-
! cumstances, if we can stop these extravagant ex-
1 penditures, and can bring the amount necessary
for the support of this Government within any
reasonable limits, it seems to me we need not
argue to show the necessity of it.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire lo make one appeal to
the Senator from Connecticut, who is desirous of
reforming these abuses. If this vote is reconsid-
ered, it allows all the officers in the House of
Representatives compensation for the lastsession
of Congress. We have not made such allowances
in the Senate at all. Will there not be an appeal
j made to us, and have not appeals already been
' made, that if we make these allowances, in con-
! travention of the act of 1854, to the House em-
J ploycs, we ought ceitainly to make them to our
| own employes' I desire here to state that that
i will be the consequence, it seems to me, of recon-
sidering this vote. We shall be called upon by
