1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
VWf
plication made of this fund by the House, I shall
vote against it; because I believe it is in violation
of every principle of reason, of justice, and pro-
priety, that the House should control the fund in
this way. Believing so, I shall not hesitate to
vote to strike out the proposition whiuh is con-
tained in the bill from the House of Representa-
tives; but while I do this, I want to present the
question to the House in a naked form, unin-
cumbered by any embarrassing propositions, such
as the amendment of the Senator from North Car-
olina would present; and let the House of Repre-
sentatives then decide whether or not they will
recede from the appropriation which they have
made; and if they insist upon their appropriation,
then let the Senate decide whether they will re-
cede or not. Let the issue be a naked issue be-
tween the two Houses upon the power and the
right of cach House to control its contingent fund,
and then let the question be decided. I trust,
therefore, that the motion to reconsider will pre-
vail, and that the Senate will not adopt the amend-
ment moved by the Senator from North Carolina,
but that we shall finally strike out the section sent
here by the House of Representatives, and let it
go back for adjudication in that House.
There is another suggestion which has pre-
sented itself to my mind, Itis better to send the
bill back to the House of Representatives, incum-
bered by as few amendments as possible, because
we remember how close a vote it was in the House
of Representatives to pass this bill at all; and if
we incumber it with amendments, wo run the
risk of losing it. At any rate, I think the public
service demands that this bill should not only be
passed, but passed as soon as possible. 1 am
not willing, therefore, to risk the fate of the bill
by attaching any unnecessary amendments to it
in this body.
Mr. WILSON. There seems to be an opinion
here in the Senate that the allowance of extra
compensation hasgrown up in modern times. Sir,
it commenced sixty-four years ago, in 1794; and
has been acted on by nearly every Congress
from 1794 until this time. Each House during all
that time has had control of its own contingent
funds, and these matters have not been repudi-
ated; and if Senators will examine the record, they
will find it to be so.
Now, sir, our clerks of committees are included
in the act of 1854; they are mentioned in that act;
but by resolution last spring, the Senate gave
them §360 extracompensaiion; in the face of that
act we did that. We stand in that matter pre-
cisely as the House of Representatives does in
this, with this difference: we made our provision
in defiance and in the face of the law: they mndo
no standingrule, but made itan extra mattorafter
the services had been performed. I think the best
way is to agree to the reconsideration proposed
by the Senator from Connecticut, and lotus leave
this section as we found it this morning; and for
one, although I agree with the Senator from
North Carolina that this policy is all wrong, and
will go with him in the futuie against it, I think
we had better settle up the past, and start fair.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Hell. Hiodcriek, 1'rown, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, Colhuiier, Ci utenden. Dixon, Doolit-
tie, Durkee, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Gwin, lUle,
Houston, Ivereon, Kennedy, Polk, Ptigh. Sowaid, Sim-
mons, Stuart, Thomson ot'Xuvv Jersey, Tmmbull, Wade
and Wilson—30.
NAYS—Meters. Benjrunm, Si™-*, I3i<?Ier, Clay, Douglas,
Evans, Fitzpatuek, Giocn, Hammond, Uatlan, Humor,
Johnson of Tennessee, Km?, Ma'lorv, Mason, Seba>tian,
Shd£ll, Toombs, Wright, and V ulec—20.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the adoption of the amendment of
the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Biggs.]
Mr. IVERSON. Before that question is put I
desire to ask a question of the Chair as to another
amendment of the Senator from North Carolina,
with respect to future allowances. Has that been ;
adopted by the Senate since we came out of Com- j
mittee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been :
adopted in the Senate. j
Mr. IVERSON. Is this the proper time to re- 1
consider that ? j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question :
now is on agreeing to the amendment which has j
been reconsidered. |
The amendment was rejected. !
Mr. BIGGS. Will it now be in order to move
to strike out the whole section-as amended? The
only amendment now that has been made in the
Senate has been the amendment made in Com-
mittee of the Whole, which is the amendment
proposed by me prohibiting any further appro-
priations for purposes of this kind. We are now
in the Senate; that amendment has been adopted
in the Senate; and now I ask whether or not it is
in order to move to strike out the whole section?
I suppose it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair con-
siders it to be in order.
Mr. BIGGS. My object not being attained at
all 
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator from North
Carolina allow me to make a motion to reconsider
the amendment of his ? That will bring the sec-
tion back to what it was as it came from the House,
and then the motion to strike out can be made.
Mr. BIGGS. It seems tome the object will be
entirely attained by a motion to strike out now.
My object being to cut off the appropriations in-
consistent with the act of 1854; and thatnotnow
being accomplished, I am for striking out the
whole section unconditionally. I therefore move
to strike out the whole section as amended. I ask
for the yeas and nays upon the motion.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. I
desire to inquire whether, if the motion now made
to strike out that whole section, which embraces !
the amendment of the Senator from North Caro-
lina, does not prevail, that vote is not the adop-
tion of the whole section, so that I cannot move to
reconsider the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina? If the motion to strikeout does
not prevail, is it not tantamount to an adoption of
the whole as it is?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
say to the Senator from Georgia, that the section
just read was reinserted by a vote of the Senate
upon a reconsideration, and then a second recon-
sideration of so much of it as consisted of an
amendment offered by the Senator from North
Carolina, which was not carried. It is now pro-
posed to strike out the remainder of the section.
Mr. IVERSON. It is proposed to strike out
the whole section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All that re-
mains, which is the whole.
Mr. IVERSON. What I want to get at is a
reconsideration of the amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina. I want to get rid of that |
amendment before the question is taken on strik- ;
ing out or disagreeing with the House oh the ori- :
filial section, and I think I am entitled to that !
precedence. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ThoChairun- ;
derstands the Senator. Two amendments were i
made, on motion of the Senator from North Car- .
olina, one of which has been lost, and it is desired ■
to move a reconsideration of the other. I
Mr. IVERSON. I move now to reconsider [
the other amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina. The amendment to be reconsidered is: ;
provided further, That it shall never heieafter be
lawful iot either llou«>col Con^ros to apply .my pan of the
appropriation lor the contingent expenses of Hon«.cto
any other than the ordinary expenditure* of such llou e, '
nor to apply any part oi said apptopii.ition as exlni pay or ;
extin allowance to any clei k, me.-^cnger, or attendant of ;
the said two Hou>.ce, or euhci ot them. ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is proposed j
by the Senator from Georgia, that the vote of the |
Senate by which this amendment was adopted shall j
be reconsidered. ;!
Mr. DOOL1TTLE called forthe yeas and nays, 'j
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted ■;
—yeas 8, nays 39; as follows: jj
YEAS—Allen, Cameron, Gvvin, Hale, fverson, '
Johnson ofTetmess-ee, Sebastian, and Siuait—8. jj
NAYS- Messrs. Benjamin, Bigg-, Bitter, R i«ht, Brod- :i
enck, Biowu, Chandler.Clark,Clav,Collamer. Dixon, Doo- I;
little, Durkee,Evans, Fe-«endeu, Fitch.Fitzpauick, Foot, :i
Foster, G:ecn, Hailan, IIou?ton, Iluutei, Kennedy, King, j
AJason, Polk, P "h, Sewaid, Simmons Shdell, Thomson |i
of New Jersey, Toombs, Tiumbull,Wade, Wilson, Wnght, ij
and Yulee—o9. -i
So the Senate refused to reconsider the amend- j!
ment. i;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question jj
now is on the motion of the Senator irom North jj
Carolina to strike out the whole third section, as <i
amended. \\
Mr. BIGGS. On that I ask for the yeas and ;j
nays. i'
I ask for the yeas and nays
"The yeas and nays- wete ordered.; - '
Mr. KING. I was requested lo state that4he*
Senator from Maine [ Mr/h'&i paired
off with the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. #es .] >
The question being taken by yeas andJ nays j
resulted—yeas 25, njays 22; as follows: " - •
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bfgler,
Bright, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Gwin, Hale, Hunter,
I verson, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Mason, Pugli, Sebas-
tian. Seward, Shdell,Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs,"
Wade, Wright, and Yulee—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Broderick, Brown, Cameron, Chanifter,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee* Fessendeo,;
Fitch, Foot, Foster, Green, Harlan, Houston, Kennedy/
Polk, Simmons, Stuait, Trumbull, and Wilson—22,
So the motion to strike out was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee of the,
Whole was to insert, as section four:
And be it further enacted, That no part of the amountap-
propriated by this act for the service of any one fiscal year
shall be used for or applied to the service of any other year,
nor be transferred to or used for any other branch of expend-
iture than that for which it U specifically appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER.
upon that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee, Fessemlen,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, King,
I'ugh, Seward, Simnfons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, And
Wilson— 93.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
firight, Brown, Clay, Crittenden, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatrick,
Green, Gwm, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, fverson, ICen*-
nedy, Mason, Polk, Sebastian, Slidell, Thomson of New
Jersey, Toombs, Wright, and Yulee—27.
So the amendment made in Committee of the
Whole was non-concurred in.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the Senator if he will
not withdraw the motion ? I think we can get
through with the bill to-day, and get it out of the
way.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an-
other amendment from the Committee of the
Whole, to add, as a new section:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That whenever hereafter con-
tracts shall be made by the Secretaiy of War or the Secrfe-'
lary of the Navy, by virtue of the sixth section of the a'et
approved May 1, 1820. entitled "An act m addition $o,the.
several acts for the establishment and regulation of the'
Treasury, War, and Navy Departments, he shall, if Con-
gress he in session at tiie time, promptly report to-both
Ilonses thereof (he reasons for making such contract, stating
fully all the facts and cncumstances which, in his judg-
ment, rendered such a contract necessary. If Congiess be
not id se-mon at rhe time of making &uch contract, he s-h.iH,
at the commencement of their next session, make such re-
potts to both llou-es. And no such contracts *hall be made
heieatter, except in cases of pressing exigency.
Mr. HALE. I wish to call the attention of the
Senate, particularly the Senator from Michigan,
to this section 
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is no objection to
this.
Mr. HALE. I know there is no objection to
this; but according to the construction placed on
words like these by the Senator from Louisiana,
in the law which he read, and which was passed
in 3818, the amendment will not reach the diffi-
culty that it is aimed at.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not intended to meet
what we want to guard ag-ainst.
Mr. HALE. Then I have not anything to
say.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are all the amendments
adopted by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole disposed of now'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move, then, theamend-
ment which I moved in committee, and which was
rejected with a slight modification as to a portion
of the appropriation. 1 have added the amount
of $1,000,000 for transportation, according to the
estimates which were made of what was neces-
sary to be expended to meet the expenditures of
the year 1857-58, that is, previous to the 1st of
July, 1858. As this amendment now stands, it
pioposes to appiopriatc m distinct sums, all that
was demanded to meet the deficiencies of 1857,
and all that was demanded to meet the deficienees
of 1S58, leaving out the proposed additional ap-
propriations for 1859 and 1860; and on the ques-
tion of the adoption of the amendment I ask for
the yeas and nays.
