1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2761:
in all those trappings that go to make up the glit-
ter of war? Why, you would have a painting
which, regarded as a matter of history, would tell
all coming time that the victories of the Revolu-
tion were gained by French soldiers and French
valor. When man paints the picture, the lion is
apt to appear second best in the fight. And when
men come here in after days, and admire one of
the paintings—for possibly it might be the most
beautiful—our children would be obliged to con-
fess that it was not an American wgrk, but the
work of a French master. I would save them
this mortification.
it may be that American artists are not equal to
the artists of the Old World; but at least they are
such as we have. They are the be.st we have;
and we will preserve, or we ought to preserve,
their works, the creations of their skill and genius,
so that, in after times, the state of art in the vari-
ous stages of our history may be known. I should j
be sorry to think that this building was to be tilled .
with works of art within the next fifty years. I j
would have thise niches kept empty till subjects i
and masters were found worthy to fill them. ,
There is time enough; no need of haste. We are 1
stib, I hope, in the early stages of our nanonal .
history. At any rate, I will act upon the presump- ,
tion and the belief that u is to run on fur centu- i
ries to couie, I would go on spending money in ;
completing the architecture of the building, and i
leave its decorations to time. Artis a thing which !
must grow. It results from the demands of the j
Fuhiic taste,and can be created in no other way. 1
t is not a commercial commodity. It is the com- !
bined product of individual genius and general ■
cultivation. To send out an order for a beautiful
statue or beautiful picture would be, to my mind,
almost as unreasonable as to give an order for an
epic poem, or an eloquent, speech. In tins view, I
have offered the amendment, that we may have
the building completed before we proceed to dec-
orate it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. There can be no possi-
ble use in the adoption of the amendment by the
House. The amount originally asked for this
work, and which was reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means, was $1,000,000. The Sen-
ate, in the outset, inserted a provision sinvlar to
that proposed by the gentleman fiom Tennessee.
Subsequently they reduced the amount of the ap-
propriation to §>750,000, for the very express pur-
pose of avoiding any difficulty that might arise in
regard to the decoration. Thetc can, therefore, be
no necessity for the amendment, as the $750,000
will necessarily be applied to the completion of the
structure, and not to ornamenting the walls. I
concur with the gentleman from Tennessee that
we are not in a condition at this particular time
to decorate these Halls. The condition of the
public Treasury, the commerce and condition of
the country, and many other reasons, might be
assigned whv it wmild be pi oper to limit the appro-
priation, and to direct, by legislative authority,
that no part of it shall be used for the purpose to
which the gentleman has referred, if there were
any danger of its being done. Rut there is no
earthly danger of it, because the wholeamountof
the appropriation wll be needed for the building
itself, and no pait of it will be used for the paint-
ings descriptive of our revolutionary history, to
which ihe gentleman has alluded. I hope, there-
fore, that we shall dispose of this question, and
that gentlemen will be satisfied that the money
will be used as I have indicated, and applied en-
tirely to the structure itself. The whole question
has been considered by the Senate, and the Sen-
ate was satisfied that the $750,000 would be ne-
cessary for that purpose.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I have no doubt
that the $750,000 will be required to finish the
building; but if that be true, what objection is
there to" the amendment?
Mr. CRAWFORD. The only objection to it
is, that it clogs and embarrasses the passage of
the bill, and only affords opportunity for gen-
tlemen to get off speeches here in opposition to
Captain Meigs. Gentlemen who are opposed to
Captain Meigs, and wish him supplanted, take
occasion, in reference to this appropriation, to
express their disapprobation in regard to the con-
duct of that officer—a faithful one, in my judg-
ment, and one who has been attacked by various
individuals, and from various quarters, for the
reason that he has taken care of the public funds,
and has not permitted these individuals who as-
sail him to fasten themselves upon the public
Treasury, and be supported out of the people's
money. The $750,000 will be applied, as I have !
said, to the completion of the building. I have
no doubt that it will be properly applied; and
therefore I am opposed to the amendment,
Mr. MAYNARD. With the permission of the
gentleman, I wish to disclaim any unkind feeling,
personal or otherwise, towards Captain Meigs,
j for I have none. I believe that he is a good offi-
| cer, and prompt and attentive in the discharge of
; his duties. I have not one word to say against
| him; and my amendment was not offered with a
I view of animadverting upon him.
| Mr. CRAWFORD. I am very glad to hear
I it, for he is justly entitled to your good opinion,
j [Here the hammer fell.]
j Mr. SICKLES. I would ask the gentleman
! from Tennessee to modify his amendment by add-
, ing to it the words: "except in payment for work
; already ordered and now being performed." The
■ manifest justice of that will be apparent to the
gentleman.
I Mr. MAYNARD. I am unwilling to accept
• that modificatio-n, simply because I do not know
j what has been ordered.
; Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I wish to offer
i an amendment.
; The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment is
j in order.
| Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Is there an i
; amendment to the amendment pending?
I The CHAIRMAN. There is theSenateamend-
! ment,and there is an amendment to that pending.
! Mr. SICKLES. I would say to the gentleman
; from Tennessee that all the sculpture now being
done is being done by American artists, arid the
, result of his amendment will be that they will get
. no pay.
■ Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Do I un-
j derstand the Chair to decide that the Senate amend-
i ment being the original text, an amendment to an
! amendment is not in order?
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so decided
: in conformity with the decision made by the com-
i mittee, when the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
,l English] was m the chair, wjien tin.* question
" arose, and was decided by the committee after
1 discussion.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I must appeal
; from the decision of the Chair.
| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would be very
:! glad to have the decision reversed, as it is not in
'i accordance with the judgment of the present oc-
cupant of the Chair.
;! Mr. STANTON. I know the practice has
been frequently otherwise in Committee of the
Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. That is so, and the other
practice would conform to the opinion of the
present occupant of the Chair; but the decision
of the gentleman from Indiana, when in the chair
some days since, was sustained by a very full
vote of the House, and the Chair, therefore, con-
formed its decision to that ruling of the com-
mittee.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Now York. I withdraw the
appeal, but 1 desire to place myself correctly on
the record with regard to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, and i ask one moment's
indulgence for that purpose.
Mr. MORGA.\r. I object to any debate.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. The gentleman
always objects to information, because he has got
none.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to gentlemen who
are always disturbing the House.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I call for tell-
ers on the aineiiuiiienr.
Tellers were n-u ordered.
The committee divided; and the Chanman
reported—ayes twenty-four, a further count not
being demanded.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to reduce the appro-
priation from §750,000 to $200,000.
Mr. Chairman, my reason for making the mo-
tion is this: while Congress declares to the coun-
try that it cannot carry on public works in any
section of the country—that works under contract,
even, must be suspended—§200,000 is enough to
expend in one year upon this structure. I submit
whether we can justify ourselves to our constitu-
ents or to the country, in appropriating such large
sums for this Capitol and the Washington aque-
duct, while we are suspending public works of
great importance in the North and South, the East
and West? I am notopposed to their completion.
I want to see them finished, and in a manner cred-
itable to the country, and justified by its wealth
and power. It is not my object to stint appro-
priations for the Capitol, but ! do think,sir, that
under existing circumstances §.200,000 is enough
to be expended on it in one year, and I will not
vote for any bill that contains an appropriation of
§750,000 for it. My vote may bo unnecessary.
These bills may pass without it. 1 may be wrong
in my judgment, for I am fallible like other men;
nevertheless, sir, it is my conviction that unless
other works are to have something out of the
Treasury—unless works gone on with for years
are completed—I cannot vote for this appropria-
tion for the Capitol.
| Mr. Chairman, 1 have no disposition to engage
! in a discussion as to the decorations of this suuc-
j ture. 1 am no judge of them. My friend from
I Tennessee [Mr. May.vahd] says that this is to
| be a great museum of art. Not so do I care to
i look at it altogether. I desire that it may be a
i great temple of American patriotism, American
| eloquence, and American wisdom. Instead of
1 battle scenes of the past emblazoned upon these
panels, I care more to see these seats occupied by
men of wisdom and sound statesmanship. In-
stead of illustrations of American and Frcnch
achievements in the past painted upon the walls,
let us seek rather to illustrate the future history
of our count! y by the magnitude of the doeds ori-
gmated here, and by the prosperity thatshall flow
from the acts of those who shall fill these Halls,
If we shall do our duty, and those who come after
us shall do their duty, neither the brush nor the
chisel will be needed to perpetuate the glories of
the Republic. Let them rather follow than precede
the great events that are to originate here.
The amount proposed by my amendment will
be sufficient to finish the portions of this building
which are needed for piactical use. We are in
possession of the Representatives Hall; and it
; j will be seen, by going into the other wing, that the
h Senate Chamber is nearly ready for occupancy.
I> For $200,000, then, every portion of this building
needed for the purposes of legislation can be com-
,l pleted What need is there for pressing the build-
l| ing forward with such hot haste? Are there not
, other works which demand our attention ? Are
;! there not works which need our help in every
i; section of the Union? Why, then, take all the-
j! money from the Treasury to hurry on this build-
!! ing? Is there any absolute necessity for itscom-
j! pletionthis year,or next year? I see none. And
!: it is usually regarded as most judicious not to
I erect so massive a structure with so much rapidity,
| [Here the hammer fell.]
s Mr. CRAWFORD. I concur in the views
which iiave been presented by my friend from
\\ North Carolina, and 1 would cheerfully go with
•j him to accomplish the purpose which he so much
jl desires, if it were possible for me to do so in view
'I of the obligations which we are under by virtue
: of public contracts which have been made with
,! certain parties in reference to th^ completion of
■ i this Capitol. I am aware that the gentleman
would not Ih> willing to repudiate a single debt
" which we have contracted m reference to this or
any other national work. Contracts have been
; entered into for supplying materials to carry on
this work: and while it has not been my purpose
. to increase the expenditures of this Government
under the present revulsion in our commercial
affairs; yet I would tax the utmost credit of this
country i at her than repudiate a single dollar which
our public officers, under authority of law, have
con ti;actod to pay. Ships have been built, I will
inform my fuend, for the purpose of delivering
| here materials for this v/ork. It would lequire
I more than two bundled thousand dollars to pay'
:j the damaaes which these contractors would insist
that the United States should pay for the failuie
of the Government to comply wiili us contract.
I would be as much delighted as any man to
see both Halls of Congress occupied by men of
the most wisdom and talent that this country can
command. I would rejoice to see here once more,
upon these honored seats, such men as Calhoun,
Clay, and Webster. With such men as these,
we dught to have a Government both pure and
