2762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
powerful, a statesmanship ofthe highest order,
and all that makes a nation great and renowned.
While I would be glad of all this, yet that is not
the question now before us. Shall we comply
with our contracts ? It is to that we must address
ourselves. The extension of the nation's Capi-
tol has been commenced; whether wisely or un-
wisely, is not now for us to judge. 'Were it an
original question, I would exert my influence to
prevent such an enormous expenditure of money;
hut, sir, it is now too late; we cannot, if we would,
retrace our steps; we must complete the work, let
the cost be what it may; and when done, it will
do honor both to the architect and to our country.
I, for one, am willing to vote notonly $750,000,
but $1,000,000 for the purpose of meeting ouren-
gagements if so much shall be necessary; But,
sir, the Senate amendment has been well consid-
ered in the other branch of Congress, and they
are satisfied that to complete these structures
will require this whole amount, without any ref-
erence to decoration. If we shall therefore refuse
to apprppriate, we shall be violating existing con-
tracts which have been entered into; and in that
view of the question I hope the committee will
refuse to strike out the $750,000. If they do that,
we shall have claims presented here, year after
year, for damages arising from breach of con-
tracts made by *>v-r> ic officers.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Branch; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Chairman, J move to
strike out "$750,000" and insert " $150,000."
I concur entirely with what has been said by my
friend from North Carolina, but my especial ob-
ject is to protest against the doctrine avowed by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.]
He takes the position that contracts have been
made, and therefore we are bound to comply with
them. I desire to ask him whether a single re-
form has been attempted, or a reduction of ex-
penses proposed tins soysion, but some existing
contracts have been urged to defeat it? I have
not yet heard asingle reduction proposed, where
there has not been a contract lurking in ambush
to defeat it. Now, sir, there is no law author-
izing these contracts. There was a definite sum
appropriated to continue the Capitol, and Mr.
Meigs, or his subordinates, had no right to go
beyond that sum. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Georgia to what appeared
in the newspapers some time a^o. If. was a no-
tice from Captain Meigs to the workmen upon
the Capitol extension that they could no longer
he employed, because the appropriation was ex-
hausted, and that he had no right to incur liabil-
ities beyond the appropriation. And yet the gen-
tleman from Georgia talks about contracts. A
nutnberof the workmen were dismissed upon that,
occasion, and I commend Captain Mei^s for tho
notice, because it was one of the few symptoms
of a desire upon the part of the officers of tlie
Government to comply with the laws regulating
expenditures under their charge.
1 wish to say, further, that I consider the whole
extension an extravagant failure. Take this Hall,
for instance. Here is a room for business; a
Hall for practical legislation. And what is it? An
exhausted receiver; a sarcophagus for the liv-
ing; a place shut out from the open air of heaven.
Here we are inclosed in a vault, breathing a poi-
sonous atmosphere, and suffering the close heat
of an oven. What is it all for? Do you know
that after ail this extravagant extension of the
Capitol, our committees and ourclerksand other
officers say there is not room enough to accom-
modate them ? Why r Because this Hal! has been
made too large; its size was not calculated for the
benefit of members in doing business, but to ac-
commodate five thousand spectators in the galle-
ries. In other words, the vulgar idea of modern
improvement, as exemplified in this Capitol, is to
erect a circus where five thousand spectators can
be brought together.
Again, what is the style of the adornment of
this HalP It io gingerbread and tinsel work.
The attempt to defend it by talking of the har-
mony of colors and the polychromic style, is ab-
surd. It is unjust to that style, which it does not
illustrate, but caricatures. Congress ought to cut
down the appropriation to a sum merely sufficient
to keep the work alive until we have time to re-
vise the whole plan.
And then there is the vantilation of this House.
This plan of ventilation without windows was
tried, as I am told, in the new palaceat West-
minster, and the result was they had to change
the plan and knock windows in the sides.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say, in reply to
the gentleman from Virginia, that the advertise-
ment to which he has alluded has reference en-
tirely to the laborers employed about the Capitol;
and I apprehend the gentleman has never taken
the trouble to read the contracts which had been
entered into between Mr. Guthneand certain other
parties, to deliver materials out of which this Cap-
itol and other public works have to be completed.
I announce to this House that there is a contract
entered into between Mr. Guthrie and certain
other parties for delivering, in this city, cer.tatn
materials, to be paid for upon delivery; and any
less sum than that proposed in the Senate amend-
ment will be insufficient to meet those contracts.
Upon this statement, I leave the matter with the
committee.
Mr. SrIERMAN, of Ohio. Under what law,
or color of law, was this contract made by Secre-
tary Guthrie5
Mr.CRAWFORD. I do not remember. There
have been three contracts made—two,atleast—by
the Secretary of the Treasury, under some au-
thority—perhaps a resolution of Congress. That
is my impression.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Such contracts are
in existence now, but there is no law authorizing
them.  
The amendment offered by Mr. Garnett was
not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, ofMaryland. I move to increase
the amount $100,000, merely for the purpose of
making an observation. Gentlemen upon both
sides of the House have spoken about the public
works heie and elsewhere being carried on by
contract, of the appropriations being exhausted,
and of the necessity of making an additional ap-
propriation to relieve the Governmentfrom dam-
ages. The Secretary of the Treasury, as you,
sir, are aware, sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means an application for appropriations for
public works beyond the amount asked by his
annual estimates.% The only ground suggested
for such application was that the works had been
progressing with uncommon rapidity , on account
of the low price of materials and labor, and that
the Dopaitment had made contracts which they
were bound to fulfill under penalties for damages.
Now, sir, with the exception of but one or two
cases, I believe, all the laws authorizing the build-
ing of post offices, custom-houses, and even this
Capitol extension, resolve themselves into mere
appropriations of so much money to accomplish
the purpose. I wish now to ask gentlemen who
have spoken about contracts, where they find a
law for making a contract beyond the limit of
the amount of money appropriated ? There is no
law, which I know of,on the statute-books, which
anywhere authorizes it; and there is the law of
1820 which d istinctly, and in terms, forbids it. The
law to which I call attention,is the act of 1st May,
1820, which directs that "no contract shall hereafter
be made by the Secretary of State, or of the Treas-
ury, or of the Department of War, or of the INavy,
I except under a law authorizing the same"—that '
i is, a law authorizing the head of the Department
! to make the particular contract referred to—44 or
| under an appropriation adequate to its fulfill-
i mcnt." When, therefore, any Department comes
i before us, and speaks about the existence of a
j contract and the necessity of an additional appro-
> priation to meet it, in the absence of a specific law
| authorizing it to make that particular contract, I
i say it is a confession on its part of its own viola-
I tion of the law. I suppose there is scarcely one
! instance where there has been anything like an
i authority vested in cither Department to make a
contract, or to carry on any one of these public
work's beyond the extent of the money appropri-
ated from year to year for that purpose. There
is, therefore, no pressure upon us because of con-
tracts unfulfilled; but, if the contract exist, and
there be no law to authorize it, and the money is
expended, the contract itself is illegal and void as
to the residue.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Now York. I rise to oppose
the amendment, and to explain the remark which
I made m regard to Captain Meigs. The gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Crawford] seems to
think that gentlemen here have moved amend-
ments for the purpose of getting off speeches
against Captain Meigs. I do not know whether
the gentleman referred to me: but I was the only
gentleman who mentioned the captain's name in
debate. If he referred to rnc, I take this oppor-
tunity to assure the gentleman that he is entirely
mistaken. I moved the amendment in good faith,
and am responsible to my constituents, not the
gentleman. I have no unkind feeling to Captain
Meigs, I believe him to be a highly honorable
man, and I would not utter a word reflecting'on
his character or integrity. I believe him to be
perfectly competent for every branch of his busi-
ness as an engineer. But I do think—and I refer
the country to- the illustration we have in this
Capitol—that he is totally unfit to direct the dec-
orations of the Capitol. That, however, is not
intended as a reflection on his character as a gen-
tleman or an officer. I esteem him as much as
any gentleman: but I do not admire his appreci-
ation of the fine arts, if it could be provided,
that no portion of this $750,000 is to be expended
in such work, I would not object to the appro-
priation; but I do not believe that such would be
the case. I agree with the gentleman that we
should fulfill our contracts. I think that $250,000,
or perhaps $500,000, will be sufficient for this.
For the decorations of the Capitol, we ought to
postpone till some other time.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to increase
the appropriation one dollar. I do it for the pur-
pose of making a very short reply to my friend
from Maryland. The only law on which these
Government buildingsare constructed, isa law of
1789, which located the seat of Government in the
city of Washington. There is no specific act for
any of these buildings. The law i« a sort of or-
ganic law; and, by virtue of it, we might continue
to add to the Capitol till it would be five miles
long. It has been the practice of Congress, when
it makes an appropriation for the extension or con-
tinuation of a public building, to do so on the sub-
mission of a general plan; and that plan is gener-
ally of a character tnat compels the Secretary to
make his contracts for materials. For instance:
if an appropriation of $100,000 be made to keep
men in employment, and if the Secretary could
only make a contract with those who supply the
marble to furnish materials to that extent, there
would be a loss of one half. But he makes his
contract on the plans submitted to and approved
by Congress, on the supposition that the appro-
priation is to be a continuous one. If he did not
do so, the whole plan might be a failure.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to the act of
the 31wt of August, 1855, which piovides specifi-
cally for the mode by which contracts shall be
made for work and materials in the extension of
the Capitol. The gentleman frOm Pennsylvania
and the gentleman from Maryland were both mis-
; taken in saying that there was no law in exist-
ence authorizing the extension of the Capitol.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. That law did not
authorize it.
Mr. CLEMENS. It prescribes the mode of
making appropriations. It points out specifically
the mode of advertisement, and provides the mode
and manner in which the contracts shall be made,
and the parties with whom the contracts shall be
made.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The argument of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania amounts very
much to this: that when a law is passed which
cannot be executed without violating it, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is at liberty to violate it.
Suppose the plan for the extension of the Capitol,
or the construction of any great work, were not
a thing made at the Department, but incorporated
in the law 
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Will the gentleman
permit me to state what I did mean to sayr I
meant to say, not that the Secretary could violate
the contract, but that the plan itself was part of
the contract, and there was a continuous appro-
priation to carry out the contract.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That is all very
true; but still it does not affect this one question,
whether there is any authority in the Department
to make a contract beyond the limits of the ap-
