2764
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE,
June 7,
over the bill to which they properly belonged, i
The Committee of Ways and Means rejected
them as amendments to their own bill. They
were presented when this bill was under consid-
eration in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. The committee did not sustain
them, or, if thoy did, the House did not, and they
were rejected. The bill then went to the Senate,.
a«d the Senate adopted them as an amendment to
the bilj. The amendment is precisely what the
House voted down before.
Mp. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose to amend
the Senate amendment by striking out " $500,-
0,00," and inserting " $250,000-."
I offer the amendment m the hope that the
House will concur to the extent of my amendmen t
in. the amendment of the Senate. I understand,
feom oificial sources, that there are contracts now
existing for the supply of materials, founded upon
the expectation that some appropriation would be
ma.de. I presume that the sum I have indicated
Will cover that, and keep a moderate force at work
u:pon the building. Lt is with that view that I
offered the amendment; and I hope the committee
will agree to it..
Mr.STANTON. It will be observed,according
to the statement of the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means,, that this is one of a se-
ries of appropriations amounting to $1,700,000, j
aslunderstaud, including various custom-houses,
light-houses, and things of that sort. I desire to
say, and hope the committee will understand, that
it is not absolutely necessary, if this amendment
is adopted or rejected, that all the other amend-
ments which are proposed should follow it. There
is no gentleman here who doubts that the Treas-
ury building is to be completed. There are various
propositions in this amendment which will re-
quire, in all, $1,700*000 for useless custom-houses,
and things of that sort, which I hope never will
be completed. It seems to me that it would be
wise for the House to adopt such of ihem as are
indispensable.
1 therefore hope and desire that the committee
will adopt the amendment now under considera-
tion, and not suffer it, by going to a committee of
conference, to carry after it an appropriation of
$1,700,000; for that will be the result if this
amendment is rejected.
Mr. EUSTIS. I think the gentleman from
Ohio labors under a misapprehension. This
amendment, as I understand, is separate from the
otheramendments and provisionsofthe bill which
I had the honor to oiler some time since. The
only amendment now before the committee is the
amendment of the Senate making appropriations
lot the Treasury-buiidms; extension.
The ques'ion was taken on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Smith, of Virginia; and u was not
agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. I have an amendment, which
I desire to have lead.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Pronrted, That thr hereby npptopriateri for public
buildup shall b" expended aftt'r the smn< heietofore appio- ,
pnaied lor public building have been expended, and not ,
before. j
, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does not j
that change the existing law? 1 make the point
of order. j
The CHAIRMAN. The* amendment of the
gentleman from North Carolina is not in order
he re.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment, and it was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
For coniinnirm the wot k on the custom-house at New
Oileans, Loui^aua, ,93^0 000. I
Mr. STANTON. I would inquire what is the ■
state of the civil war down there?
Mr. EUSTIS. That is a matter on which we ;
are not perfectly informed. 1
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the question of civil war m New Orleans is
not in order.
Mr. EUSTIS. It has not much to do with the '
question. I hope the committee will give us the ;
money for the custom-house, and we can settle '
the war afterwards. I call for tellers. I
Tellers were ordered; and Messts. John Cocii- ;
raxe and Buffinton were appointed. ;
The committee divided;and the tellers reported ,
—ayes 80, noes 40. i
So the amendment was concurred in 1
Eighteenth amendment:
For continuing the work on the custom-house at Charles-
ton, South Carolina, $300,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I suggest that the
vote be taken on all these amendments in gross.
They rest on the same basis.
Mr. MILES. I hope the vote on this amend-
ment will be taken separately, as was the case
with the New Orleans custom-house.
The questioifrwas taken; and the amendment
concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
For the completion of Custom houses at the following
places, namely: at Ellsworth, Maine, $2 000; at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, $J0,O3O; at Unicoi, Rhode Island, includ-
ing fencing and grading, $5,000; at New Haven, Conneeti
cut, $60,000; at Oswego, New York. ©10,000; at Plattsburg,
New York, {§10,000 ; at Newark, New Jersey, $10,000; at
Norfolk, Virginia. $20,000; at Pensacola, Florida, {^5,000;
at rir. Louis, Missoua, $.20,030; at Mobile, Alabama, in-
cluding fencing and paving, $30,000; at Galena, Illinois,
$10,GOO; at Milwaukee, Wisconsin. $10,000 ; and for an-
nual lepatrs at custom-houses, $15,000.
Mr. HATCH. I offer the following amend-
ment to .the amendment:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is hereby,
authonzed, if, in hi& judgment, the public seiviee should
require it, to purchase a Mutable &ite, and erect theieon a
fire pioot building, in the rity of Buffalo, State of New York,
for ilie u-e-; of a cu -torn lmu*.e and U* Fedeial offices: Pro-
vided, That the cost of said site and construction of said
buildmgslm!l not. m then aggregate, in any event exceed the
amount of the unexpended balance of the appio|tnafions
heretofore made tor the enlaigenient of the public building
in Buffalo eieeted for custom house, post office, United
States coum, and steamboat inspectors' board.
I ask the Clerk to read the passage which I
have marked in the report on finances, which ex-
plains the amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order on that amendment. It is entirely new
mattei.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is disposed to
hear the explanation of t.hc amendment. If the
Chair understands the matter correctly, money
has been nppiopnated for the erection of certain
buildings at Buffalo, and this is a proposition to
amend or change that law—1 do not know to what
extent,
Mr. HATCH. The money has been already
appropriated.
The Clerk read the extract from the report on
finances, as follows:
Ihijfalo, New York.
The building designed to be iwd <i-j a customhouse, po-^t
otlico, and United States com t is i.ipidly drawing to a clo^e,
and it !■> hoped thai it will be completed This year. This
building nol the same material as the one at Cleveland,
ami nliowrt remarkably well.
Oungie:>n at Us List ,«e^ion, after this building was far
advanced, made an additional appropiuihon lot orilarguig
it by ihe addition of an h The* addition rm.ld be made
onl\ in one direction, and the puce a>ked foi the required
laud was deemed extortionate, and nothing has yet been
done to carry out the wishes of Congies.'. The original
puichaK'd coincr lot, one hundred and foity feet bv one
hundred and twenty five feet, eos>t .$40,000 : the lot ottered
loi the enlaigeincnt is not a corner lot, and is thirty six feet
by one hundred and thirty-two feet, and the pnee a-ked
(,•$05,000} being more than double the pi ice por supoitieial
loot of the original corner lot. As this enlargement i*«
designed lor the custom hou^c, and as the Outness of that
office can be moie conveniently done near to the harbor,
(the piemen I <ate being nearly in the center of the city,) and
as a Mutable lot can be procuied for less than half the hum
a^ked ioi that adjoining the present site, and a building bct-
tx-i Muted for the puiposo can be put up for le«s monej, I'
respectfully suggest tne propriety ot requesting Congress to
aiuhoi iz". the change.
Tula! amount of appropriation $'290,800 00
Amount expended to September 30, 1857  130,73"/ 11
Balance available for the completion of the
woi k J2
Mr. HATCH. I asked that the statement from
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury should
be read, as it would explain fully the object of
the amendment. The last Congress has decided
the question of the enlaigemrnt in the view I take
of this question, and the imperative duty of the
Secretary is to carry out that law until Congress
shall*release him fiom its obligations or invest
him with a further discretion. The commercial
men of Buffalo have unanimously asked that the
money appropriated for the enlargement should
be expended in the purchase of a new site, and
one convenient to their business Ail there is,
then, of this question, is whether this money shall
be expended in a manner in confoimity to their
wishes and commercial convenience, or expended
against 'heir wishes and at a point inconvenient
for their business. I will not detain the com-
mittee by adding statistics to show the neces-
sity for enlarged commercial convenience in Buf-
falo. No inland city surpasses it in the value
of her imports and exports, and but few cities on
the sea-board surpass her in the arrival and de-
partures of a lake marine. The registered and
enrolled tonnage is something over «me hundred
and thirty thousand, about one third of all the
tonnage of the northern and northwestern lakes.
I hope the amendment will pass, as it appropriates*
no more money; it only proposes to have a past
appropriation expended in a manner most advan-
tageous to secure the objects for which the ori-
ginal appropriation was made, and that was to
promote the public interests by promoting the
convenience of our commercial men.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. The law now in existence provides for
the erection of this building at a particular spot.
This amendment proposes to transfer the build-
ing to another spot. I take this occasion to say,
in order to show the rigid economy that the Sec-'
retary of the Treasury is now carrying into prac-
tice, that we have a little custom-office down at
Alexandria 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand the amendment to have been received as in
order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not yet
decided upon the amendment. The Chair sus-
tains thequestion of order,and decides the amend-
ment to be out of order.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I submit the follow-
ing amendment:
Foi the erection of a building suitable for a po^toffice and
cu-*tom-honM' at Cluiney, Illinois, $25,000 be, and the same
is hereby, apptopnated.
Mr. J.GLANCY.TONES. I submit the ques-
tion of order, that tins amendment is to provide
for the construction of a new building not author-
ized by law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I then submit the
following amendment:
For completing the court-house and post office at Spring-
field, Illinois, {g&0,000.
I offer this amendment in behalf of my colleague,
[Mr. Harris,] who is not now present. F'fty
thousand dollars have already been appropriated
for the purpose of erecting that building; but,
from the bids which have been received at the
Department, it has been determined that that sum
is not sufficient, and a further appropriation of
$50,000 is recommended. The Treasury Depart-
ment is waiting for a further appropriation before
they enter into a contract for the construction of
the building.
Mr. LETCHER. I see there has been appro-
pi iated $61,000 for a court-house and post office
in Springfield. They have expended £>6,000 for
a site, leaving $55,000 to construct the building
with. Well, sir, 1 think that is enough to build
a very respectable court-house and post office.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. There is a report
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in which it
is stated that the amount appropriated is not suf-
ficient to construct the building, and a further ap-
propriation is recommended. Tins is a matter in
which my colleague feels considerable interest,
and I hope it will be allowed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to strike
out " $50,0110," and insert " $10,000."
The CM HUMAN. No iurther amendment
is, at this time, in order.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Twentieth amendment:
Foi the completion of marine ho--pital« at the following
places, natn^lv • at Portland, Maine, tf3,OC<0 ; ut St. MaikV,
Florida, •S'XoO!); at New Otlean--, including filling up Mte,
glaring, int'Oducmg gas and water p'pe* and fixture-*, and
lencitig, $&3 000; at Cincinnati. O'iio.$30 033 ; at Galena,
[ilmoi-, $5,000; and lor annual repair^ at moime ho>puals,
$15,000.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to amend that amend-
ment. It provides for public buildings, and I
suppose that amendment regulating the ap-
