1740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 22,
no public lands of the value of $1 25 per acre, land scrip to
the amount of their distributive shares m acres under the
provisions of this act, said scrip to be sold by said States,
and tlie proceeds thereof to be applied to the uses and pur-
poses prescribed in this act, and tor no other use or purpose
whatsoever: Provided, That m no case shall any State to
which land scrip may thus be issued, be allowed to locate
the same within the limits of any other State, but their as-
signees may thus locate said land scrip upon any of the un-
appropriated lands of the United States, subject to private
entiy.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all the expenses
of management and supei intendence of said lands, previous
to their sales, and all expenses incurred in the management
and disbursement of the moneys which may be received
therefrom, shall be paid by the States to which they may
belong out of the treasury of said States, so that the entire
proceeds of the sale of said lands shall be applied without
any diminution whatever to the puiposes hereinafter men-
tioned.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That all moneys de-
rived from the sale of the lands aforesaid by the States to
which the lands are apportioned, and from the sales of land
scrip hereinbefore provided for, shall be invested m stocks
of the United States, or of the States, or some other safe
stocks, yielding not less than five per centum upon the par
value of said stocks ; and that the moneys so invested shall
constitute a perpetual fund, the capital of which shall re-
main forever undiminished, (except so far as may he pu>-
vided in section filth of this act.) mid the interest of winch
shall be inviolably appropuated, by eacli Siate which may
take and claim the benefit of this*act, to the endowment,
support, and maintenance ot at least one college where the
leading object shall he, without excluding other scientific
or classical studies to teacli such blanches of learning as are
related to agriculture and the mechanic arts, in such man-
ner as the Legislatures of the Siate  may respectively pre-
scribe, in order to promote the liberal and piactiea] educa-
tion of the mdu-tnal classes in the several pursuits and
.professions m hie.
Sec. «>. M he it further cnacted, Thnt the grant of land
and land sciip hereby aiithonzed shall be made on the fol-
lowing conditions, to which, as well as to the provi-ioiw
hereinbefore contained, the pioviou* absent of the seveial
States shall be signified bv legislative act4-:
First, if any portion of the fund invented, as provided by
the foregoing section, ot any portion ofiho interest theicon,
shall, by any action or contingency, be diminished or lost,
it shall be replaced by the State to winch it belongs, so that
the capital ot the tund shall remain forever umiiiuuiHhed ;
and the annual interest shall be legularly applied, without
diminution, to the purposes mentioned ui the fourth section
of this act, except that a sum, not exceeding ten pei centum
upon the amount icceived by any State under the provi-ion>
ol this act, may be expended for the purchase o( lands for
sites or expeinnental fauns., whenever authorized by the
respective Legislatures of said States.
Second. No portion of said Mind, nor the interest thereon,
shall be applied, directly or nidireeilv, tinder any pietcn^e
whatever, to the pineh.i->e, election, preservation, or repan,
of an} building or buildings.
Third Any State whu'h mav take and elann the benefit
of the provisions of this act Mtall provide, within Jive veai,-,
at least not less than one college, asdescnbed in the fourth
section of this aot, <n the grant to such State ^h.ill cetwi;
and said State shall be bound to pay the United Slates the
amount received ot any land-, previously sold, and that the
title to purchasers under the State shall be valid.
Fourth, An annual repoit shall be made regarding the
progiess of each college, lecouhng any improvements and
experiments made, with their co-^t and results, and such
other matters as ma\ be supposed n.-eful —one cop vol v\ hit h
shall ho tiansmitted by mail, ftee, by each, to ail the other
colleges winch may be endowed undei the provisions of
this act, ami to the Smithsonian Institution, and the agri-
cultural departm-nit of the Patent Othee at Washington.
Fifth. YVhen lands shall be selected from tlu^o. whieh
have been raised to double the minimum price, m con^e-
quenee of nnhoad giants, they shall bo computed to the
State so selecting at double the quantity.
Previous to the rending of the amendment,
Mr.WRIGHT, ofGeorgta, said : Mr. Speaker,
is it m order to move that the bill and amendment,
and the reading of the latter, be postponed until
Wednesday next ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. It can only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL I object. The bill and amend-
ment have been printed.
Mr. REAGAN. Mr, Speaker, I have listened
to the reading of the amendment, and I presume
there must be some mistake about it. It pro-
poses, as i understand, that double the quantity
of land shall be given where the land is selected
from the alternate sections of railroad grants.
This surely is not what is meant.
..Mr. LETCHER. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. COBB. What is the first motion to be
voted on?
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay upon the
table, on which the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
Mr. COBB. I reported this bill from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and have, I believe, the
right to be heard on it for an hour.
The SPEAKER. Not now, m the opinion of
the Chair; but before the question is taken on the
substitute.
Mr. COBB. I can wait until then.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 84, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkins?, Barksdale, Billinghurst, Bon-
ham, Boyce, Branch, Bryan,"Burnett, Caskie, Chapman,
John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Clingrnan, Cobo, Cockenll,
Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, David-
son, Davis of Indiana, Dewart, Dowdell, Edmundson,
Florence, Gartrell, Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Lawrence
W. Hall, Hill, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jewett, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Lawrence,
Leitcr, Letcher, Maclay, McQueen, Mason, Miles, Miller,
Millson, Montgomery, Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Mott, Nib-
lack, Nichols, rendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Potter,
Quitman, Reagan, Sandidge, Savage, Scott, Searing, Aaron
Shaw, Henry"M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Samuel A.
Smith,William Smith, Spiuner, Stall worth, James A. Stew-
art, Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Trippe, Ward,
Warren, Watkins, and John V. Wright—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ah], Anderson, An-
drews, Bennett, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Bowie,
Brayton, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burns, Burroughs, Camp-
bell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clark B. Coch-
rane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Corning, Covode,
Cragin, Curtis, Damrell, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, English, Farns-
worth, Feuton, Foley, Foster, Gillis, Gilman,Gooch, Good-
win, Granger, Robeit H. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris,
Hatch. Hawkins, Hoard, Howard, Kellogg, Kelsuy, Kil-
gore, Knapp, Landy, Loach, Leidv, Lovejov, Humphrey
Maishall, Maynaid, Moigan, Mornll, Edward Joy Morris,
Freeman It. Moise, Oliver A. Morse, Murrav, Ohu, Pal-
mer, Parker, I'ettit, Pike, Pottle, Puiviance, Read}7, Reilly,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts, Royce, Russell, Seward,
John Sheiman,.Iudsori VV. Sherman, Sickles,Stanton,Tap-
pan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade,
Walhridge, Waldron, Walton, Elhhu B. Washbume, Israel
Washburn, White, Whiteley, Wilson, Wood, Woodson,
Augustus It. Wright, ami ZolUcoifer—109.
So the House refused to lay the bill and amend-
ment upon the table.
Pending the vote,
Mr. WADE stated thatMr. Stewart,of Penn-
sylvania, had paired off with his colleague, Mr.
Dimmick.
Mr. RUFFIN stated that he was not within
the bar when his name was called, and that if he
had been, he would have voted in the affirmative.
Messrs. Keitt, Scales, and Avery made cach
a similar statement.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion to recommit.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire, with the consent of
the Ilou^e, to withdraw that motion.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman has made an hour's
speech, and I presume if he wants my time he
can have it.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I do not understand
that this bill was reported from the Committee on
Public Lands by the gentleman from Alabama,
but by the gentleman from Michigan; and I would
therefore inquire whether the gentleman from Ala-
bama can occupy the House for an hour on a bill
which he did not report?
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported by the
gentleman from Alabama. The gentleman from
Michigan only made some motions in reference
to it.
Mr. COBB. I hope the gentleman is satisfied
on the point of order.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I made the point in
good faith. I was under the impression that the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Walbridge] re-
ported the bill.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman ought to have
known that 1 am very careful never to get up in
the House out of order.
Mr. Speaker, this measure has taken a strange
course sincc it came into this House by report
fi om the Committee on Public Lands. I was un-
der the impression that other gentlemen besides
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
would have an opportunity to address the House
upon the question; but motion after motion has
been made, until the question has been unexpect-
edly forced upon us for a direct vote. Of course,
under the circumstances, I am compelled to oc-
cupy some time in opposition to the bill. My
only object will be to state facts, for the infbrm-
ation of members; and I will do so as briefly as
] can. I do not think I will occupy half of the
hour allotted to me under the rules.
in the first place, this bill was reported by the
Committee on Public Lands adversely. If I could
stale how that vote stood in the committee it would
astonish the country, taken in connection with
the action ot*this House, so entirely different from
the action taken by the Committee on Public
Lands. It cannot be denied that the opinion pre-
vailed during the last Administration, while I had
the honor of being a member of the Committee oil
Public Lands, that that committee did more busi- i
ness, and committed more high-handed plunder
(I use that word) during the last session of Con-
gress than any committee of the House ever be-
fore did. Though the opinion prevailed in the
minds of many persons that the committee was
guilty of those offenses, I deny it. We certainly
aid make liberal grants of land during the last
Congress; and I voted, with two exceptions, for
all of them. I am satisfied with the action of the
committee at that time.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I would ask the gentle-
man whether there was one single measure which
passed this House during the last session, ema->
nating from the Committee on Public Lands, and
which received their sanction, that he, as a mem-
ber of that committee, did notvote for in the com-
mittee ?
Mr. COBB. I say emphatically that there was
a measure I did not vote for.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Name it.
Mr. COBB. I name the grant made to Min-
nesota, and I challenge contradiction.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. My recollection is that
the gentleman voted for it.
Mr. COBB. Does the gentleman say I did?
That is the way to put the question. I say em-
phatically I did not.
The SPEAKER. The action of the Committee
on Public Lands of the last Congress is not a
matter of comment pending the present bill.
Mr. COBB. I have gone as far on that sub-
ject as I desire to go. I am happy the Chair did
not rule me out of order before. I proceeded as
I did, in order to contrast the action of the pres-
ent Committee on Public Lands with that of last
Congress, and in order to show how this House
regards the action of that committee. If I dared
to speak of the action of that committee on this
subject, I would say that but two members of that
committee voted for the measure. But that would
be unparliamentary, and I will not say it. The
Committee on Public Lands have, this session,
determined to husband the public lands, and to
economize their grants, in order to husband the
means which the Government is to receive from
the sale of those lands. Would it not be aston-
ishing, when the Committee on Public Lands
report hack this bill to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass, that the House
should take it under their own peculiar power and
determine to override the will of the committee
which has intended to husband the public lands?
I am satisfied of one thing: that my friend, who
catechised me so much last Congress for voting
for these railroad grants,and notonlyso, but that
my constituents who held me to a strict account-
ability for voting for them, will be surprised to
see me standing up here defending the action of
the committee, and trying to husband the public
lands at this session of-Congress.
Every member of the House undoubtedly un-
derstands what the bill proposes to do; and there-
fore I shall consider it very briefly. I wish to
show, from the report I made, that it is not, nor
has it been, the policy of this Government, with
one or two exceptions, to grant lands for such
public purposes. The bill proposes an inaugura-
tion of a new system, the result of whichno man
can foresee. Certain it is that the result will not
be a good one.
As to the propriety of making a grant of lands
for such purposes, I refer to my report, and I
propose to read it as a part of my speech. This is
the report:
Tiie Committee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
a bill (No. 2) making a giant of land to tiie several States
and Teinlones ol* the Union, tor the benefit of agnculture
and the mechanic arts, beg leave to make the following
report:
That they unite with the friends of the bill in an appre-
ciation of the merits of the object to which the pioposed
grant is intended to be applied; and if those merits could
alone determine the conclusions of the committee, they
would most cordially recommend the passage of the bill.
In the judgment of your committee, however, there are
othei considerations which demand attention belore they
can come to that conclusion. The General Government is
one of limited powers. At its formation, the respective
States, as separate but independent communities, were
amply empowered to regulate and piovide for all matters
within their limits; but a sense of weakness, as against
foreign Powers, impelled thein to a Confederation and the
formation of a Government competent to the general pro-
tection. To this end, and foi this purpose, special powers
weie conferred upon it. But while the State* conceded
the authority which was deemed necessary to the ends for
which it was lormed, they each retained within themselves
all the powers necessary to the independent management
and contiol of matters not involving the interests of the cit~
