1742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
members of the- House and the people of the
country come to read the report on this bill, and
see the position I assume in it, and remember my
votes in relation to grants of lands for railroad :
purposes, they may be curious to know how I j
can reconcile my vote against this bill, merito- |
rious as it is, with the votes which I have given j
in favor of those railroad grants. It is a very easy :
matter for me to reconcile those votes to my own
satisfaction; but, whether I shall be able to s<j£-
isfy everybody else, it is riot for me to determine.
I hold that the grants to States and Territories for
railroad purposes increase the value of the public
lands; and they not only increase their value by
promoting settlement, but they bring into mar-
ket thousands and millions of acres of the public
lands that perhaps would not otherwise come into
market for sixty years. The Government, there-
fore, receives an equivalent for the lands granted;
but in this case the Government is to receive no
consideration whatever—not one dollar. And not
only that, but the States which receive the lands
are to be taxed to the amount necessary to build
these institutions; for they are not to be allowed
to apply any of the proceeds of the sales of the
lands, either the principal or the interest, to the
erection of the buildings, and so forth, for these
colleges. I can well understand why the friends
of the bill from the State of New Yurie art; in favor
of it; they have their agricultural college already
established, and under this bill will get seven hun-
dred thousand acres of land to aid them. In Mich-
igan I understand that the same is the case. The
State has alieady been at theexpense ofcstablish-
ing the institution.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have a still more difficult
job before me, and that is to reconcile the vote
which I shall jiive in relation to this bill with the
vote which 1 gave upon another bill. And lean-
not perform u without simply coming down and
acknowledging frankly that \ was wrong m the
votes which 1 gave, when the impulses of tins
heart, whether good or bad, prompted nie to act
in behalf of a proposition !o grant lands for the
establishment of insane asylums in the States —
a proposition gotten up by Miss Dix I do not
know fi oni what portion of the country she comes;
but she is a meritorious, generous, and noble-
minded woman. She went down into my State,
and her charms had such an ixtiaordinaiy effect
upon the people of that portion of the country that
the Legislature of my State adopted a joint memo-
rial to the Congress of the United States, without
a dissenting voice, requesting their Representa-
tives and instructing their Senators to vote for
that bill. Then it was, sir, that I gave way to
my better feelings, and voted for Ihat bill. I
had not examined the constitutional question as
thoroughly as I admit I ought to have done; and
when the President's veto message came in, and
I did examine it, I became perfectly satisfied that
I had voted wrong. I have the consolation of
knowing, however, that my motives were good.
I have the consolation of knowing that my erro-
neous action arose from the impulses of a kind
and genetous heart, and from a desire to aid the
unfortunate class for whom that bill proposed to
provide, i acknowledge, to-day, that I did wrong,
so far as the constitutional question is concerned;
but my own heart told me ihat the measure was
right in itself, and the gratification and approval
of my own hdart amply compensate me.
But, sir, I am going to leave this question. I
suppose that, if this bill passes, the people of
every State will have a right to ask Congress to
provide for their common schools and other local
institutions. The poor will have a right to come
and ask Congress to grant lands to aid in the erec-
tion of buildings to shelter them from the inclem-
ency of the weather.
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman will be patient,
I shall soon be through; but he cannot take me
off the floor by any motion he can make. I feel
that I have violated the promise which I made to
the House when I took the floor, that I would be
brief. I owe an apology to you, sir, and to the
House, for the time I have consumed upon this
subject. I did not intend, when I rose, to con-
sume more than a few minutes; but I have felt it
my duty to say what I have said I hope I may
be permitted, although it is not in ordei, to apol-
ogize for what I may call the promiscuous speech
which I made yesterday. [Laughter.] I have not
read it yet, and it is very probable that, when I
come to look it over carefully, I'may strike it all
out; and I hope the House will grant me that priv-
ilege.
Mr. SAVAGE. I have refrained from making
the motion to go to the business on the Speaker's
table, m order to accommodate gentlemen who
are interested in this bill, and I will still refrain
from submitting that motion, if the vote can be
taken upon the bill at once and without consum-
ing further time than is necessary for the vote to
be taken: otherwise, I shall feel it to be my duty
to move to proceed to the business on the Speak-
er's table, in order that I may move to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and take un the special order.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Has the morning
hour expirod ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. CLINGMAN". I hope we shall dispose
of this bill. I make the point of order that a mo-
tion to go to the business on the Speaker's table
is not in order, as the previous question has been
seconded and the mam question ordered.
The SPEAKER. There is no motion pending
to go to the business on the Speaker's table. The
flist question is upon the motion to recommit.
Mr. MORRILL. In order to save time, I will,
with the consent of the House, withdraw the mo-
tion to recommit.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is objected to.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I ask those, who are
in favor of the bill to vote down the motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Vngmia. Order, sir.
Tin; SPEAKER. Debate is not m order.
Mr. McdUEEN. This amendment has never
been before the Committee on Public Lands; they
know nothing about it.
The SPEAKER, it is not necessarv that it
should have been ho fore the committee. The gen-
tleman from Vermont offers his proposition as an
amendment to the bill reported Irom the Commit-
tee on Public L'tmls.
Mi. McCtUEEN. I understand that; but it was
never befoie the committee. It was never heard
of there.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SAVAGE. I find that this bill is going to
occupy too much time, and I shall have to make
the motion to go to the business on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion is not in order.
Mr SAVAGE. I then move to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the stale of the Union.
Mr. WASIIRURN, of Maine. I ask if that
motion is in order during the pendency of the
pievious question J
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion is in ouler.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Maine. I understand
the rule to be, that, after the mam question has
been ordered, no motion is in order except to lay
on the table, to adjourn, and to fix the day to
which the House shall adjourn. I think motions
for a call of the House, and all other motions, have
been decided to be out of order.
The SPEAKER. The rule upon the subject
provides that a motion to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union shall be in
order at any time.
Mr. WASHKURN, of Maine. I think the
practice of the House has been as I have stated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the practice has been as the gentleman has stated,
i Several Membkrs, (to Mr. Savage.) With-
i draw your motion.
! Mr. SAVAGE. I should be very glad to ac-
' commodate gentlemen, if I could; but they will
t have the morning hour in which to dispose of this
! bill. I think it impoi tant that the debate upon the
| pension bill should be commenced in committee
| to-day.
; Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. We are not in
the way of the gentleman's bill. Let us vote upon
, this bill, and then go into committee.
I Mr. SAVAGE. Can we get to a vote upon
! this bill without further debate?
! The SPEAKER. No further debate is in order.
Mr. SAVAGE. I withdraw the motion, then.
The question being first upon the motion to re-
commit to the Committee on Public Lands,
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 93, nays 105; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkins, Avery, BilUnghursf, Boeoek,
Bonham, Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Bum.-*, CasJite, Chap-
man, John B. Claik, Clay, Clemens, Clingumn, Cobb, John
Cochtane, Cockenll, Coy, James Craig, Burton Craigc,
Crawfoui, Curry, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Iowa, Dewart, Dowdell, Elliott, Enstis, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Gartrell,Goode, Gieemvood. Groesbeek, Grow, Law-
rence W. Ilall, Thomas L Harris, Hill, Houston, Jackson,
Jenkins, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glnncy Jones, Owen
Jones, Kettf, Kelly, Leidy, Leiter, Letcher, Maelay, Mc-
Queen, IVla->on, Miles. Miller, Million, Montgomery, Moore,
Isaac N. Morns, Mott,Niblack, Nichols, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Pluihps, Ciuitman, Reagan, Rutfin, Sandidge, Sav-
age, tieales, Scott, Searing, Heniy M. Shaw, Singleton,
1 Samuel A. Smith, VVilham Small, Spinner, Stalhvorih,
Stevenson, Jauies A. Stewait, Talbot, Get. rge Taylor, Miles
' Taylor, Ti ippe, Ward, Watluns, Wm&low, Woodson, and
JohnV. Wright—93
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Bennett,
!| Bingham. Blair, Bliss, Bowie, Brayton, Bufiinton, Burhn-
i game, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezia Claik,
:> Clawson. Clark B. Coehiane, Colfax, Comms, Coming,
! 1 Crag m, Cuius, Damiell, Davis of Mai viand, Davis of Mas-
! saebu^etts, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, JSng-
i li-sh, Farnswoah, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Gidduigs, Gilhs,
j Gilm in, Gooeh, Goodwin. Grangei, Gies.'g, Robeit B. Hall,
j Ilarlan, J Morrison Harris, ll.is-km, Hatch, Howard, Iiuy-
| ler, Kellogg, IveLey Kilgoie, Knapp, Leach, Lovejoy, Me-
I Kibbin, Humphrey MaisinM, Mavnard, Moigan, Momll,
Edward Joy Morris, Fieejnan If. Moise, Oliver A. Morse,
j Murray, Ohn, Palmer, Paiker, Point, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
] Pui viancc, Heady. Ileilly, Kieaud, Ritchie, Robhms, Rob-
i erts, Rovee, Russell. Sewaul, John Sherman, Sickles, Stan-
! ton, Tappm, Thavei, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood,
; Wade, Walbndge, Waldton, Wilton, Elhhu B. Wash-
| burne, fciael Washburn, White. Whitelev, Wil-on, Wood,
Wortendyke, Augustus R.Wught, and Zollicoffei—105.
So the bill was not recommitted.
The question then recurred on Mr. Morrill's
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
j engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third lime.
Mr. MORRILL demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
I main question ordered to be put.
j Mr. CLINGMAN" called for the yeas and nays
| on the passage of the biil.
i The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken*, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain. Ahl, Andrews, Bennett,
Bingham, Bishop, Blau, Bliss, Bowie, Bray ton, Buliinton,
Burhngame, Burioughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Ezra
Claik, dawson, Claik B. Coehrane, Colfax, Comins, Cor-
ning, Covode, Ctagin, Curtis, Damroll, Davis of Maryland,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis ot Iowa, Dawe«, Dean, Dick,
Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Faniswoith, Fenton, Foley, Foster,
Giddin^s, Gilman. Gooch, Goodwin, Gianni, ilobcit B.
Hall, IiaiIan, J. Morrison Harris, Ha^kui, Hatch, lloaul,
Howatd, Huvler, Kcllojrg, Kelsev, Kilgore, Knapp, Leach,
Lovejoy, McKihimi. Hmupmey Marshall, Mavnard, Mor-
gan, Moinll, Edw.ud Jov Moiri*, Freeman H. Moi'?e, Oli-
ver A. Mor-e, Muirav, Olm, Parker, Petut, Pike, Pottle,
Purviance, Ready, Ueilly. Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbing, Rob-
ert, Rincc, Buasoll, Sewaul, John Shetman, Jndson W.
Sheiman, Sickles, Stanton, Tappan, Thaver, Thompson,
Tompkins, Undei wood, Wade, Walbndge, Waldion. Wal-
ton, Jilhhu B. VVashbnrne, isiael Washbiu n, White, White-
ley, Wilson, Wood, Wmteridyke, Augustus R. Wright,and
Zollicoffer—105.
NAYS—Me^sr*. Anderson, Atkin«, Avery, Barksdale,
Bilhnghurst, Bocock, Bonham, Br.mch, Bijan, Burnett,
f'a^kie, Chapman, John B. Claik, Clay, Chngtnan, Cobb,
John Coehrane,Cockenll, Coy, James Craig. Bui ton Ciaige,
Crawford, Curry, Davidson, Davis of Indiana. D<nvait,
Dowdell, Edinund<on, Elliott, Englnh, Eu.-tis, Faulkner,
Florence. Garfiell, Good", Greenwood, Gregg, Gio'" beek,
Grow, Lawience W. Hall. Thomas L Ilatris, Hill, Hous-
ton, Husjbef, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones,
J. Clancy Jone-j, Owen Jones, Kent. Kcllv, Lawience,
Leidy. Leiter, Letcher, Maelay, McQueen, Mason. Miles,
Miller, Mili-on, Montgomciv, Moore, Isaac N. Mom*,
Mott, Niblaek, Nichols. Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phil-
lips, Potter, Quitman, Reagan, Rutfin, Sandidge, Savage,
Scales, Scott, Sealing. Aaion Snaw, Henry M. Shaw,
Shorter, Singleton, William Smith, Spmnei, StalKvoub,
Stephen*, Stevei' on, James A Stewait. Talbot, Ge«i«o
Taylor, Tnppe. Ward, Wairen, Watkms, Window, Wood-
son, and John V. Wiight—100.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE called fur the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it wa<? decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Amliews, Bennett,
Bingham, Bishop, Blatr, BJis<;, Bowie, Brayton, Buflinton,
Burioughs, Case, Chaffee, Ezra Claik, Clawson, Claik B.
Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Couimg. Covode, Cragm,Ciutj>s,
Damrell, Davis, ot Maryland, Davt> of Massachusetts, Davis
of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Farns-
worib, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Gilman, Gooch, Goodwin,
