1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris,
Hatch, Hoard, Howard, Huyler, Kellogg, Kelsey. Kilsorc,
Knapp, Leach, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall,'Maynard,
Morgan, Momll, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman II. Moise,
Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike,
Potter, Pottle, Puivianue, Ready, lteilly, Ricaiuh Ritchie,
Robbing, Roberts, Royce, RusSell,Seward, John Sherman,
Judson VV. Sherman, Stanton,Tappan.Thaver,Thompson,
Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Walhridge, Waklmn, Wal-
ton, Wfuren, Elhhu B. Wa-'Iiburne, Israel Washburn,
White, Wlmelev, Wilson, Wood, Wortendyke, Augustus
K. \Vr15ht, and Zollicoffer—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Avery, Barksdalo, Billmghurst,
Boeock, Ronhnm, Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Burin, Uasfcie,
Chapman, John B. Claik, Clay, Clemens, Cobb, John Coch-
rane, Cockenll. Cox, Buitoti Craige, Ciawford,Curry, Da-
vidson, Davis of Indiana, Dewai t, Dowdell, Edtmmdpou,
Elliott, EiifrlWi. Faulkner,Florence,Gartrell,Goode,Green-
wood, Gk'25, Groesbeek, Lawrence W. Hall, Thomas L.
Jlanis, Hill, [louston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jevvett,
George W, Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jorie-a, Keitt,
Kelly, Lawrence, Leidv, Leiter, Letcher, Maelay, Mc-
Queen, Mason, Miles, Miller,Millson, Montgomeiy, Moore,
Isaac N. Moms. Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phil-
lip*, CitHinian, Reagan, Baffin, Sandtdge, Savage, Scales,
Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw, ilemy M. Shaw, Shorter, Sin-
gleton, William Smith, Spmaer, Stallworth, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Ward, Watkins,
Wmslow, Woodson, and John V. Wiight—91.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. MORRILL moved to amend the title of
the bill by striking out the words and Territo-
ries;" so as to make it read, " A bill granting
lands to the several States," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The title, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the title was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to give notice to the
House in reference to a privileged question. I
give notice that I expect, to-morrow at one o'clock,
to make a report from the committee of fiee con-
ference upon the subject of the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses in relation to the bill for the
admission of Kansas into the Union.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was leceived from the President of
the United States, informing the House that he
had approved and signed bills, originating in the
House, of the following titles:
An act (No. 212) for ihe relief of N. C. Weems,
of Louisiana;
An act (No. 20S) for the relief of the heirs of
Alexander Stevenson; and
An act (No. 213) for the relief of Francis Wlo-
decki.
Also, that he had approved and signed an act
(S. No. 202) for the relief of Jeremiah Y. Dash-
lell, paymaster in the United States Army.
PENSION BILL.
On motion of Mr. SAVAGE, the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Burnett in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration, as a
special order, of the bill of the House (No. 259)
granting pensions to officers and soldiers of the
war with Great Britain of 1812, and those engaged
in Indian wars during that period.
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Chairman, we are called
on to-day, by order of the House, to consider n
question of the greatest importance to the Union;
and I do not know that I ever felt less equal to
any task than the one before me on this present
occasion. Yet, I am assisted in my task by the
character of the subject I am here to advocate. It
speaks to the hearts and patriotism of the people
in a manner that can gain nothing by eloquence
or logic. Nevertheless, sir, so far as I have been
able to see, the question does not seem to be un-
derstood correctly. The objections which have
been raised to it, both in this House and out of
it, when examined, will be found to have nothing
in them.
AH great causes, in my opinion, are best advo-
cated by simple and clear statements; and it will
be my endeavor to state briefly the ground upon
which I support this bill. It is true that history
might be appealed to, and the experience of the
past called to adorn it. Yet, it is not my inten-
tion, on the present occasion, to go into those
things. My wish is to consider this as an Amer- j
ican question, as a question of the present hour, |
and as a question applicable alone to this nation. I
As a question of policy, it has not had a parallel I
in the past, and it appeals to our common intel-
ligence quite as forcibly as to the proofs of his-
tory.
1 state it, Mr. Chairman, as a self-evident prop-
osition in the present condition of the world, that
every nation must rely for its safety upon some
system of military defense. The idea of a nation
maintaining its independence without a military
policy is an absurdity too gross to be refuted.
The question I present to-day to the American
people is this: what kind of a military system
shall we adopt? Who shall be the guardians of
American liberty? Who shall be our defenders
against the foreign foe and domestic usurper?
Shall we adopt the policy of other nations, and
tread the pathway of those whose history has
already been written in ruin and blood? Ought
'we not, on the contrary, endeavor to establish a
system different from that of those nations, and
which, in all future time, will accord with our
American institutions? I take it as a proposition
of common sense, that if we pursue the course
of European nations, we will quickly tread the
pathway of their destiny and follow in the com-
mon ruin to which they have gone.
Most persons do not look beyond the old sol-
dier and his misfortunes, his necessities and his
rights. That is a potent argument, and I always
look upon him with the deepest sympathy. Yet
there are other considerations, and important in
their character, which are connected with the fu-
ture of our country, and which are more potent
to urge me to action. But 1 am happy while I find
our citizens ready to sympathize with the suffer-
ings of the old soldiers, and I am happy to know
that that is a common feeling among all classes,
to honor these monuments of our second war of
independence. Yet, sir, it is my object now to
examine this subject in its bearings upon our fu-
ture safety. True, the old soldier, with his rights
and necessities, is one branch of the argument in
support of this bill; but the other branch is more
important, looking as itdoes to the establishment
of a military system for this Government in all
time hereafter. It is a system different from all
those which have preceded it, and which, in the
future, will furnish defenders to the country. It
is a great American system to provide for repel-
ling the foreign foe and quelling domestic insur-
rection. This is the question presented, which
cannot be evaded or gamsayed. Will you adopt
it as proposed by this bill, or will you adopt a
system founded upon those of European nations ?
Will you resort to those systems which have
ctushed the people of Europe with enormous mil-
itary establishments ? Will you do that, or will
you adopt a system which will furnish soldiers
ready at the tap of the drum to rush to the stand-
ard of the Union and bear it on to victory and
glory? One of these alternatives must be taken.
I say to those who vote against this bill, that
when they vote against a pension list they vote
for a standing army upon thecontinent of Amer-
ica as certainly as if it were written in the statute
book—" Be itenacted thatan army of one hundred
thousand men shall he irrevocably fixed upon the
American Republic." Gentlemen may not wish
that thing, but as certain as the night follows the
day it will happen, if we refuse to adopt some
plan of rewarding the citizen soldier. If it had not
been for the spirit of our people what would have
been our history? If you crush that spirit, if you
discourage it, ir you frown upon it, if you turn a
cold ear to it, if you neglect it, it will no longer
exist; and when yourdrums sound, when the war
gust comes, those gallant men who, in times past,
have been your glory and safety, who have come
from every class of life—from the farm, the work-
shop, the counter, and the lawyer's office, will
not again, as they have done, throng to the rush
of battle and the din of arms in defense of this
land. You may wake the nations of the world by
the sound of your drums, and these men will not
answer your summons. Then this system of
standing armies, the curse of other nations, and
the cause of the downfall of those which have
heretofore existed, will fasten itself upon the na-
tion like a consuming canker, and fatal to your
liberties.
Now, sir, need I appeal to the history of the ;
past? I state it as another self-evident proposi- ;
tion, proved byall history and all common expe- j
rience, that a nation of soldiers must always be J
a nation of freemen; and that none but a nation !
of .warriors oan.be a nation, of freeman;. . .Having
military power and virtue, they will rteverimpose
a tyrant upon themselvesyaml an^ambitious cbn-
queror, with his chosen few, cannot erect a tbe&ae
of power upon the bosom of the many,* ;■*
So, then, I advocate this' measure astheg^eat
conservator of peace. When I wish to'form
soldier, it is not for purposes of war and fa reign
conquest; but that it may be known to the usurper,
to a foreign foe, and to all mankind, that American
citizens are their own soldiers and do their o'wn
fighting,and that the hope of crushing us by armed
usurpation may exist nowhere upon the face of the
globe.
I propose to allude to a few national examples,
in proof of what I have said; and I look to repub-
lics for arguments, rather than to monarchies. I
want to take your minds back to the old Roman
Republic. In the days of her glory, power, and
prowess, every man was a soldier. The people
controlled the destiny of the nation even under
her kings, whose first acts of tyranny banished
them and their posterity forever, and made the
Government in form what it had really been in
fact. In this condition she achieved her greatest
foreign conquests, and maintained peace and civil
liberty at home, to a far greater extent than in
after years, when the people of Italy had forgot
the use of arms. It is written that these once
masters of thewoild now employed themselves
in the most profligate luxury, rivaling each other
in extravagant entertainments, while the defense
of the nation was committed to some ambitious
general, who trained bis mercenary band to love
his order better than the State. Such a thing as
Roman liberty was not known after the establish-
ment of these mercenary bands, who were as ready
to march against Rome herself as against a foreign
foe.
Look, again, to Athens and Lacedemon. At
the time of their greatness every man was a sol-
dier; and the historian says that even the lowest
of them was a commander.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Were they pen-
sioned ?
Mr. SAVAGE. I will answer the gentleman
that question in proper time. It was when .every
man was a soldier, capable of doing military duty,
and having the will todo military duty, that they
achieved their glory, and enjoyed the benefits <of
science, liberty, poetry, greatness, and power,
and won a fame which is perhaps now the bright-
est that graces the annals of time.
The gentleman asks were they pensioned. I
do notcontend that they were, yet there were cer-
tain public inducements held out to those men
which were necessary to sustain their courage and
make them patriotic. And 1 remember an in-
stance in the history of that ancient people emi-
nently illustrative of what is necessary to sustain
military virtue. Mankind,without some security,
some hope, or some expectation,are notgoingto
perform those great'military deeds. It is the love
of glory, or the hope of reward, that make men
brave, and incites to generous deeds. Napoleon
nearly conquered Europe, and it was one portion
of his system to satisfy his soldiers at all times,
that if they lost a leg or an arm, or were crippled
on the battle-field, that the Emperor had a gen-
erous hospital where he could have refuge in his
misfortunes,and during his old age qiuetand com-
fort down to the last hours of his life. The gen-
tleman asks were the Atheniansand Lacedemon-
ians pensioned. He has not studied this question,
or he could not have asked that question. I cite
one eminent example, where the Lacedemonians
were unsuccessful in every battle. They had
fought battle after battle; and, notwithstanding
their former fame and all the laurels they had
won, they were unsuccessful. They sent to the
Athenians to send them their best general; but
they sent a man more disrnguished for poetry
than for military renown, yet he had the good for-
tune to hit upon an expedient which restored the
Lacedemon success. The Lacedemonians feared
to be dishonored upon the field of battle. It was
their common belief that the man who was not
buried could not go over the river Styx. The
Athenian general hit upon the expedient of pay-
ing proper attention to the dead upon the field of
battle. He established a law that all dead soldiers
should be buried decently. That one thing re-
vived their courage, and victory again perched ,
upon their banner.
