THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
§lso, that while life might Ue more safe and secure
from accidents through those provisions, yet it
most certainly would occur that those interested
in the carrying trade would be driven from their
business by the adoption of so stringent a rule.
Perhaps the House may remember that it
seemed, from the suggestion made by the gentle-
man , that in case of accident, from whatever cause,
should it be proved afterwards to have happened
in the absence of those precautionary measures
recommended by him, the policy of insurance,
covering either cargo or vessel, should be forfeited
and become void. In view of such a consequence,
I put it to the House how unjust, how improper
would be the requisitions of a law that would de-
volve such a punishment, in such a form, in case
of accident, which, by possibility, might not have
been occasioned by an omission of the precautions
required by the law? If the provisions of his bill
had referred to an accident caused directly or re-
motely by any such omission, the defect possibly
might have been cured; though even m that event
I may ask the House to consider what a field of
evidence, of examination, and uncertainty, would
be thrown open to our courts of law. How many
witnesses, think you, would bo found necessary
to the question whether the accident had occurred
by reason of the omission to provide the means
which the law required, or whether it was pre-
cipitated by some other and different cause ? Gen-
tlemen must see that there would be neither satis-
faction nor certainty in the pursuit. There cer-
tainly would be no warrant of honesty in the re-
sult.
Again: should this provision be effected, should
this burden be cast upon our marine insurance
companies, I think it must be apparent to every
gentleman that no company would give a warrant
of insurance against the losses arising from such
a disaster,for in every case litigation would ensue;
m every instance those engaged would be reduced
to a painful uncertainty, and hi no instance would
there be any security that the end of litigation
would ever be reached.
1 say, then, that it would be unwise in respect
of the argument urged by the gentleman himself,
to adopt the provision ho has propounded to the
House. And I certainly think u would be unwise
to commit the safety of life upon the high seas to
the custody of a law intended to disturb theprin-
ctples of the common law, in the continuance of
winch 1 am prone to behove that we shall escape
more serious disasters.
Thus I haw run over the most important fea-
tures of this bill. J do not deem it perfect, nor
that it ddes not, in M>rns of«its parts, disturb
special and individual interests; yet, in view of
tin; great interests of humanuv, in view of the
safety of life upon the seas and upon our rivers
and lakes, it is essential that some means be taken
more rigorous and exact than any yet adopted for
the preservation of human life, and for arresting
that panic which even now prevails in the public
mind regarding: the dangers of the deep.
It is, therefore, I conceive, quite time that the
House should proceed to action upon the subject
contained within the sections of this bill, it is
time, not only in respect to our obligations as le-
gislators, but it is time in respect to the expecta-
tions of those who stand without, of the multi-
tudes of those whose kindred or acquaintances
have been, or who may be, subjected to the acci-
dents against which they beseech us to guard; and
i ask, therefore, that with aii proper deliberation,
to i;e sure, and with every opportunity given for
gentlemen to express themselves upon the vanous
provisions of this bill, we coma to a speedy and
nnaf vote.
fn accordance with my understanding with,and
my promise to, the gentleman from Illinois, I
move the previous question.
Mr. CLARK, ofiNew York. Will my colleague
ailow me?
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained, until somebody lias
been heard upon the other side.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Do I understand
my colleague to demand the previous question
upon this bill ? i
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not desire to j
press it. |
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand !
tlie demand for the previous question to be with- i
drawn? !
' Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Yes, sir, I with-
draw it.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to move to refer this bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and to
make a very few observations in favor of that
motion. My attention has been called to this bill
within the past hour, and I must be at liberty to
express my surprise that, on going about the
House, I have been unable to find a single gen-
tleman, outside of the Committee on Commerce,
who has given the slightest attention to its nu-
merous details. I must be permitted to express
my surprise that legislation of this important
character should be hurried through the House
without that attention which I am satisfied it
ought to receive from every gentleman upon this
floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman from New York permit me to interrupt
him ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not think
there has been any great degree of hurry in this
matter. I do not think there has been any snap-
judgment taken. The original bill was introduced
some six weeks ago or longer. All these bills
have been printed, and have been for several days
in the boxes of members, and in the document-
room, and every gentleman has had an opportu-
nity to examine them who was disposed to do
so.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. But lest there
may be a snap-judgment taken upon a matter in-
volving vast and material interests in every por-
tion of the country, 1 desire to make a few ob-
servations, addressed to the serious consideration
of the House.
I desire first, however, to answer the sugges-
tion made by the gentleman from Illinois, that
this measure lias not been sprung upon the House.
This bill which 1 hold in my hand appears to
have been reported on the 2d of February, 183S;
and 1 am informed that the bill which it is now
proposed to put upon its passage is a combination
of two or three bills pi epared by different gemle-
nien, each having different objects in view, each
desnous to eariy some particular measure, and
no one of them, I apprehend—and 1 say it with
the greatest respect—having paid that attention
to the d -tails of the bill which ought to be given
to them before we make the innovations upon the
commerce of the country winch I know, from my
personal know'edge, this bill contemplates.
1 have not had an opportunity to road the bill,
which contains twenty-seven pages; but I can call
the attention of the House to two or three of its
leadingfeatures, which will, I think, satisfy every
gentleman that it ought either be recommitted to
the committee who reported it, or be sent to the
Committee of the Whole on the stateofthe Union.
The first section of the bill proposes to extend
the provisions of the law of 1852—a law which,
in its working, has been found impracticable, and
which all men engaged in trade have for years
admitted to be full of errors; it proposes to apply
that law to every ferry-boat crossing any of the
rivers of the continent. Now, 1 ask gentlemen
of this House if they have given that attention to
the provisions of this bill, in its application to the
ferries across any of our navigable streams, which
they ought to give it before it be put upon its final
passage? There ore vei y serious doubts whether
that provision of the bill is constitutional; and,
for one, I do protest against hurried legislation
upon a matter involving such vast interests as I
know this bill involves.
Let me call the attention of the House, Mr.
Speaker, to the sixteenth section of the bill. That
section provides that no passenger steamer shall
be permitted to carry more than one person (ex-
clusive of officers and crew) to every seven tons
of lawful tonnage measurement. That is a very
simple provision; but it is my judgment—and I
speak as a man knowing something upon the sub-
ject—that it would confiscate $10,000,000 of prop-
erty belonging to the city of NV\v Yoik. And
that is proposed to be done with hardly an hour's
consideration ' I assert that, if this bill be recom-
mitted, 1 will prove by witnesses, that m the pres-
entstute of the trade that provision would lay up
at the wharves every steamer now engaged in the
commerce of the ocean. One passenger to every
seven tons! Why, sir, at the present rates of
transportation in the California and European
trade-, that would not furnish money enough to
pay for coal. Now, I ask my friends on the
Committee on Commerce—I ask the honorable
chairman of that committee—whether he is pre-
pared, without further consideration, to strike
this serious blow at the commerce of New York?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 answer that lam
not prepared; and I supposed that I had suffi-
ciently expressed myself on that point m the re-
mark that I submitted, when I declared that it was
my intention to move an amendment, so as to
make it one person to every four tons, instead of
one to every seven.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. That would
| hardly remove the difficulty,
j Mr. LETCHER. Unless the chairman of the
> Committee on Commerce was for taking the bill
i precisely as it is without amendment, how came
1 he to move the previous question ?
| Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 understood'my
| colleague to move the previous question, and to
j withdraw it as a matter of courtesy to me. But,
I Mr. Speaker, knowing that gentleman as I do,
: knowing that he knows something of the interests
I to be afTected by this bill, I think I can safely ask
j him to pause for another day, and then if I cannot
| demonstrate that the bill ought never to pass, I
| shall have nothing further to say.
j Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. May I be permit-
j ted to say in reply to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcitrr,] that the motion I made for the
previous question was in compliance with a prom-
ise previously given to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr Wabiiburne,] and with the intention, after
having complied with the promise verbally, to
withdraw it, as 1 did.
Mr. LETCHER. lam glad to hear the expla-
nation of the gentleman from New Yoik, but I
think it places thegentleman from Illinois in rath-
er an awkward position n> trying to force this lull
through when four speeches had been made in its
favor and none against it.
| Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 would like to
! ask my colleague if he is not aware that the steam-
: boat law of 1H52 has been found utterly unpracti-
| cable, and that for several years there has not been
^ anyattemnt to enforce some of its provisions?
| Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will answer my
j colleague's question m the affiimative, with this
| additional explanation, that the provisions of tins
bill were designed to supply the defects in that law.
I Mr. CLARK, of New York. And without any
I amendment of that law,u is applied body and soul,
J by the first section of this bill, to every steamer
' and ferry-boat in the American Union!
A Member. And to every raft.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Sir, I must protest
against the gentleman's conclusion, m charging
upon the committee an attempt to apply an imper-
fect hill to a greater number of vessels than the
onginal impel feet bill was applied to. It was the
intention of the committee to supply the imper-
fections of the originally imperfect bill by making
a strong bill in the present instance before extend-
ing it to other vessels.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 intended to im-
ply no bad faith. 1 know that all the gentlemen
composing the committee are incapable of it. But
I submit it to the sober judgment of this House
whether a bill which proposes to extend the power
of Congress over the commerce of the count!y
further than it has hitliei to ever been extended; a
bill whi ch proposes to make these important in-
novations upon the business of thousands of men
in the country; a bill which proposes to create, if
I understand it, thirty or forty new offices; a bill
which I assert confiscates millions of property—I
ask if such a bill is to be put through this House
under the.previous question, when it was only re-
ported on the 2d of February, 1858? Why," sir,
it took me fifteen minutes to get possession of a
copy of the bill when, about an hour ago, 1 sent
one of the boys font. I ask if this is not ju.«tonc
of those cases in which the interests of the country
lequire that the bill should bo referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
But it may be said, Mr. Speaker, that that
course would defeat the bill. Weil, sir, it is better
to defeat the bill than to pass it without examin-
ation. But that is not the necessary result of the
reference which I propose; because, if the bill is a
proper one, if it will bear the investigation ofgen-
tlemen upon this floor, if it will bear the investi-
