1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2ul
the deficiency bill was to protect that officer of
the House who, by the action of the House, had
been rendered liable for that amount, and who
demanded, and with right demanded, that the
body which had subjected him to the liability
should protect him in the execution of its order.
Now, sir, I think that there can be no two opin-
ions in regard to the construction of that section
of the act. The gentleman says thatitpaid money
to employes uf this House running back for eight
or ten years; and, sir, your Comptroller decides
that these claims are allowable under the third
section of the deficiency bill. But the items which
he objects to are items which have been certified
by the Committee of Accounts as proper claims,
in discharge of their duty to the House by which
they were created. I understand the opinion of
the Comptroller, given in writing to the Clerk of
this House, to be this: that, when one House of
Congiess passes a resolution, he will not allow
money under that resolution, unless Congress
shall subsequently pass an appropriation that will
cover the allowances specified in the resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman if he
does not approve of that?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, I approve of that; hut
it is not exactly what the gentleman from Ken-
tucky thought it was.
Mi'. BUR.NETT. Yes it is, exactly.
Mr. LETCHER. No; the gentleman said he
would not pay the money where it came m con-
Jhct with a law or joint resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. And I state that now.
Mi. LETCHER. It is in conflict with law.
Mr. BURNETT. The. gentleman sayw that,
during the discussion of the deficiency bill, he had
that hst here. 1 do not question that at all; but
he will remember that, when it was stated here
that the late Cierk had paid $18,000, it was flatly
denied.
Mr. LETCHER. I know it was. Let me
complete your sentence for you: and I then told
your colleague [Mr. Mason] that he should have
the list to establish his denial.
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir; we were required
to take that hst, made out by the former Cleik,
without any evidence that the money had been
paid, and I was unwilling to do that.
Mr. LETCHER. That does not alter the fact
at ail. I have shown that, as the representative of
the Committee of Ways and Means, I was will-
ing1 to give them the underhold in the scuffle. I
was willing to give them the exact ground upon
which the Clerk of the last House rested, so that
it there had been anything imptoper or illegal m
his conduct, or if he had never made the pay-
ments which lie alleged he had, they would be
able to satisfy themscives by taking his list as a
£uide, and seems: whether the payments had been
made or not. Now, so far as I am concerned, I
say here very frankly that that was my under-
standing, and I considered it the understanding of
the House; for it will be recollected that when at-
tention was called to these resolutions, and the
allowances made by the Committee of Accounts,
it was stated here, m reply to me, that the allow-
ances by the Committee of Accounts had been
made after Congress adjourned, and that, tliere-
fotc, they ought not to be paid. I say now that
the interpretation of that law is precisely as I un-
derstood it then, and as I imagined five sixths of
this House understood it at the time they voted
on the deficiency bill.
[Here the hammer feii.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
whether the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means will still be open to amendment
if the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
should be adopted:
The CHAIRMAN. The section will still be
open to amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The body of the
amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means '
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
The question was taken upon Mr. Burnt.tt's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose to strike
out of the amendment the words, '* or by the
Committee of Accounts."
The CHAIRMAN. When the Chair made the
reply to the question of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, a short time since, he did not understand
the nature of the amendment he proposed to oiler.
It would not be in order to strike out that which
has already been inserted by the committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It has not been in-
serted. That amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means has not been acted on, because
the gentleman from Kentucky offered his amend-
ment to that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been acted on.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Well, be H so. I
presume when there is a clear mistake, the busi-
ness of the country will not be permitted to be
affected by it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question on the
amendment was put clearly and distinctly, and
the amendment was adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I ask general
consent to offer an amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object to anything out of |
order. I
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Whatques-
tiori is before the committee? j
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
agreeing to the amendment as amended.
' Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. I move that
the committee rise, for the purpose of suspending
the rules allowing this five minutes' debate. We
shall not get through this bill to-night, or to- j
morrow, if this debate is to be continued in this '
way. [
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How does the gen- j
tloman £et the floor to make that motion? I un-
derstand the Chair to rule my amendment out of ,
older. , !
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that it ;
is not m order to move to sri iku out what the com- 1
mittee have already nisei ted.
Mr. WASEIBURNE, of Illinois. 1 rise to a
question of oider.
The CHAIRMAN. Tin1 gentleman from Vir-
ginia is upon the floor on a question of order.
Mr. VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am not debating;
I am stating a question of order. Did not the gen-
tleman from Kentucky offer his amendment to
the amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means ?
The CHAIRMAN After the amendment had
been adopted by the committee, the gentleman
from Kentucky moved to amend by adding to it;
and the question now is, " Will the committee
concur in the Senate amendment as amended ?5>
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now renew
mv motion.
"Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw the ap-
peal.
The committee refused to rise.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. Would itbe in
order to move to reconsider the vote by which the
committee agreed to the amendment proposed by
the Committee of Ways and Means?
The CHAIRMAN. It would not be in order
in committee.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I desired to
explain, in a few svoids, in what difficulties the
action of the commiftce,m adopting that amend-
ment, will involve the Committee of Accounts.
Mr. BURNETT. Is debate m order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not,.
The question was then taken; and the Senate
amendment as amended was concurred in.
Forty-fifth amendment:
S'.-r fi. And he it iwither en-icted, That the extra com-
pensation paid out of" the contingent fund of the. Senate
to cleik* ot committee*, under a resolution oi tile 1-ltU of
Muich, ISo?, be allowed at the Treasury.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Senate amend-
ment provides for the payment of services rendered
some sixty days after the expiration of the ses-
sion of the Senate. The Committee of Ways quid
Means are not able to see the necessity for that
service, and recommend a non-concurrence in
thut amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Vorty-sixth amendment:
Pfc. 7. And he it further cnacted. That it shall ! e the
duty of the Commissioner of Public Ihiilding* to cau>e oi>-
s>tiuctK>us of eveiy kind to be i(.moved lioin «uch of the
streets, avenues, and sidewalks in toe citv oi Washington,
■ a> have been or m.iy be heieutier irnprov ed, m whole or m
part, by the United States, ana to keep the same at ail tunes
; free from oDstructtons : and for this purpose he -snail have
: power to institute suits m any court Paving competent ju-
risdiction m the District of Columbia; and it shall be the
duty of the district attorney for said district to prosecute the
same, and whenever any person shall desire to move the
paving stones, or to displace anv oilier work done by the
authority of the United States, for the purpose of laying
down gas pipes, or for any other purpose, it shall be the
duty of such person to obtain awritien permit from the said
cointmsf-ionoi, and <aich persons shall oblige themselves to
replace the said work to the satisfaction of said Commis-
sioner, and within such time as he may prescribe.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not concurred in.
Forty-seventh amendment:
Siic. 8. And be il further enacted. That if any person shall
place ob*tt uction in tlu-^tieets, avenues, or sidewalk" afore-
said, Mich peison *hall pay the costs of removal" the same,
ami shall, moreover, besubjeetto a penalty ot ten dollars, to
be recovered as other debts are recovered m the Oistri* t of
Columbia, for each and every day the =aid ob-ti notion may
remain after the Cmmmssionei shall have given notice loi us
mnoval. And if any person or p"r>ous lemoving the pav-
ing stones or other woik done by the authority or the Uni-
ted States shall fail to it-place the *ame to the satisfaction
of the Connni*sionei, within the time prescribed by htm, he
or they shall be subiect to a penalty ot twenty five dollars
for each and evoiv failure, and t-hall. moreover, pav the
costs of replacing the same, the whole to be uncovered be •
toie any couit in the DiMrict of Columbia having competent
junsrticiion ; and that ihiss and the piecedmg section shaii
contiyue in foice until repealed by Congress
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means rccommcud a non-concur-
rence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Forty-eighth amendment:
Pno. 9. And be it further enmted. That the proper ac
counting ofiiceia oi'the Tieaxim be authorised and dneeted
to examine the accounts between the United State-: and
the several State* which ha\e been, or ma\ be, allowed m-
teiest tipon claims against tile United States, vvnirh have
aect ued dtningoi «mee the wat of 131-2 with Great 151 nam,
and apply m Mich examination the provij-ious and princi-
ples of the twelfth section of the act of M u< h •!. l^o en-
titled "An act makimj appropnatious for eeitam civil ex-
penses ot the Government foi the yeai ending the yoth of
June, IS.;!? and that anv money i'ound upon such reex-
amination to be due any State, shall be paid to such State
out o! any money in the Tiea&ury not otherwise appiopii-
ated.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend an amendment
to this amendment, as follows:
That the Seeretai \ of the Treasury be instructed to report
to Congress at its next regular se^ion. all applications made
bv the con.stituted authorfties of the States and citie-, lor the
reopening and reexamining of the settlements heretofoie
made with such State* and cities and i^poit the pnnciples
of readjustment on which such claim •* based, and the
amount thereof; and the Se^ietaiy of the Treasutv is
further instructed to repoit to Congiess, at it* next sexton,
thegios amount winch will be rerjuned to pny s,uch claim?
to the States and cities ot the United States.
The amendment recommended by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means amounts to this. In 1857
Congress passed a law lelative to the subject of
interest on claims growing out of the war of 1812,
and paid it to the State ol Maryland. That was
a claim based upon the same principles, and its
payment has of course led to the application of
every State in the Union that has a similar claim.
Tins amendment comes over to us, as one of
sixty-four amendments made by the Senate u ith-
out there being time even to print them; and we
are called upon to legislate on great principles,
involving1, perhaps, the rights of States, m this
hurried manner. The Committee of Ways and
Means do not feel disposed to act precipitately m
the matter; hence they oiler a substitute to this
effect, that before any action shall be taken upon
it. the Secretary of the Treasury shall report to
Confess all the facts relating- to it, and that no
legislation shall take effect until after that report.
1 hope the amendment wili be adopted.
Mr. BOYCE. I hope the recommendation of
the Committee of Ways and Means will not be
adopted. This is nothing more than allowing the
proper officers to settle the accounts for advances
j made by the different States, on the same ground
! as the advances made by the State of Maryland
were settled. The accountingofficcrR, some years
a^o. insisted upon making- the calcinations of in-
terest according to merchants' accounts; m other
woids, they deducted from the total amount of
principal and interest the payment* made by the
Government, and deducted it not from the interest
account, but from the principal, in tins wav the
States that had made advances to the General Gov-
ernment lost considerable sums, because, although
they advanced this money, and ought to have been
