662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
twenty ton?, whoa underway, or at anchor, or moored in
the channel ot' any navigable waters of ihe United States,
during a fog, snow-storm, or thick weathei, when an ap-
proaching ves&el or steamer cannot be seen at the distance
ot three hundred yards, to cause to be sounded, at intervals
of not exceeding two minutes, a suitable bell or hoin, as a
warning to approaching vessels and steamers; and it shall
he the duty ot the master or owner of all steamers, when
underway, upon any navigable waters of the United State*,
dining such tog, snow-storm, or thick weather, to sound a
proper steam whistle as a warning to other vessels, steam-
ers, and ci att; and when at anchor or moored in the chan-
nel of any navigable waters as aforesaid, to sound a suitable
bell, at intervals of not exceeding two minutes, as such
warning; and it any such owner or master shall neglect to
comply with any of the regulations contained in this section,
he or they shall forfeit and pay lor every such offense a pen-
alty of filty dollars."
Is not this liable to the same objection ? What
do you want with a light like that described, upon
a flat-boat,or upon aeanal-boat, transporting flour,
or something of that sort? And yet, all these
things are to be, under this section, and these
parties are to be subjected to inspection fees un-
less they have these arrangements all made.
If they do not do that, what then?
"And ifj by reason of such negligence, loss or damage
shall occur, he or they shall be liable to the injured party tor
all such loss or damage, and either penalty or damages, or
both, may be recovered by action of debt in any court of
competent jurisdiction."
I would like to know whether that power is not
resident with the States now; whether, when a.
party carelessly does ari injury to his neighbor's
property, he is not subject to the jurisdiction of
the State courts, and liable for that aggression?
Here they propose to come in and take this right
from the State and vest it in the Federal Govern-
ment. Let us see how it will work ?
Here, in Eastern Virginia, two courts are held;
one at the city of Richmond and the one at Nor-
folk. The James nver canal begins at the city of
Richmond and runs to Buchanan, in the district
of my friend over the way. What do you pro-
pose to do? You propose to send the parties
along the line of this canal in search of their
rights—either to Richmond or Norfolk, notwith-
standing, under the State laws, they could get
them at Wytheville, atCharlestown,atStaunton,
at Wheeling, and at Clarksburg, as they should
select. Is there, then, any necessity for such a
provision as this? Does it do any good > Are
not the rights of parties protected now in regard
to any improper conduct or negligence on the pai t
of other persons ?
Mr.CLA.RK, of New York. Has the gentle-
man calculated the number of newoiHces this bill
will establish? *
Mr. LETCHER. I will come to that after a
little.
Here is the thirty-eighth section, to which the
gentleman from Louisiana calls my attention:
" See. 33. Jln'l be it farther enacted, That this act tdiall
not be con-trued to apply to any crattemployed exclusively
mi the internal commerce or tiade of any single State, ex-
cept when the same is employed upon waters winch are
navigable from the ocean by vessels registered or enrolled
and licensed by the United States, or upon a lake or liver
who-e water.-5 aie navigable by ve&sel< legistered or enrolled
and licensed as aforesaid, and lorm the boundary or wash
the shoies ol two or moio States or Territories, or of one or
more States or Tern tonus, and a foreign country."
If that be so, will anybody tell me what they
mean by applying it, as is intended in section
twelve, to " the navigable waters within the Uni-
ted States, or on the high seas, or on the Cana-
dian waters ?" &c.
Why, sir, the two sections are incongruous, and
you can never construe them together so as to
make them harmonize. They must be in conflict
—direct and palpable conflict—from the very lan-
guage of the twelfth section of the act, and the
language of the thirty-eighth section.
Mr. IYI1LLSON. Will my colleague allow me
a moment?
Mr. LETCHER. Let me first just make this
remark: To any ferry-boat passing across the
river from the State of Ohio to the State of Ken-
tucky, this very clause of the law would apply as
provided her", even according to the statement of
my friend from Louisiana.
Mr. MILLSON. I certainly concur in the crit-
icism of my colleague upon that portion of the
bill which he thinks violates the Constitution.
But I thmk he has not given due effect to the
thirty-eighth section, if amended, as I believe it
will be amended, by the consent of the gentleman
who reported the bill,
Mr. LETCHER. How could 1 know that,
when the gentleman "was going to move the pre-
vious question ?
Mr. MILLSON. I suggested to him, before the
discussion commenced, the propriety of making
that amendment, which I thmk will lemove and
ought to remove the objection of my colleague as
urged just now.
it is unquestionably true that it is a matter of
serious doubt how far Congress, which has power
to regulate commerce between the United States
and foreign nations, and between the seveial
States, and with the Indian tribes, can regulate
the internal commerce of a single State; and it was
that very suggestion which led me to suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois the propriety of amending
the thirty-eighth section so as to strike out the
words " upon waters which are navigable from
| the ocean by vessels registered or enrolled and
licensed by the United States." If theyarestricken
out, then the operation of this law will not apply
to vessels engaged exclusively in the internal com-
merce of any single State except when employed
upon a lake or river whose waters are navigable
by vessels registered, or enrolled and licensed, and
which form tho boundaries or wash the shores of
two or more States or Territories. I consider it
competent for Congress to apply the provisions of
this law in all such cases. And I suggest to my
colleague that the law already applies to vessels
engaged in the navigation of the waters of a single
State.
Mr. LETCHER. Rut that does not hit me, for
I voted against the law.
Mr. MILLSON. I entirely concur with my
colleague in a disinclination to extend this law fur-
ther than it has already been extended; but I sub-
mit to him, if the amendment is made which I have
suggested, it will remove his ground of objection.
1 also say that it is a matter of veiy great im-
portance that the provision wliu h he has pist now
quoted in regard to sailing vessels should be re-
tained in the bill; for it is known to me that it a
matter of daily and nightly occurrence that collis-
ions occur m the Chesapeake bay in consequence
of a want of lights in the night.
Mr. LETCHER. I would ask my colleague
whether, with his construction, this law , with the
amend men t he proposes, would not apply to a ferry
boat plying fi om Cincinnati across the Ohio river ?
Mr. MILLSON. I think n ought to.
Mr. WASIItiURNE, of Illinois. I would say
' that I propose to make the amendment suggested
by the gentleman from Virginia; and i make this
further remark, that this section wasdrawn up by
my friend from Vnginia [Mr. Millson] in con-
junction witli the gentleman from the Buffalo dis-
trict, New York, [Mr. Have\t,] last winter, and
j for the very purpose of curing that objection.
Mr. LETCHER. I would suggest a much bet-
ter way of curing the objection—strike out the first
thirteen sections.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. We will try
that.
Mr. LETCHER. I think that amendment
would be a good deal more satisfactory.
Now I suggest that this, instead of being " A
bill to provide for the better security of the lives
of passengers on board of vessels propelled m
whole or m part by steam," should be "A bill to
provide bread for hungry office-seekers who are
not provided for here." Here is the twenty-third
section:
" J3mJ be it farther enacted, That, in addition to the nine
supervising inspectors-, tho appoint men t of wlneh n author-
ized by the eighteenth section of the act of Uttth August,
185:3, one other, of like qualifications, shall be appointed by
I he PieMdent, b\ and with the advice and consent of ihe
Senate, for the Pacific eoa*t of the United Stare-: Pro-
vided, That this additional supei vising nu-pector shall not he
I undei obligation to attend the meetings of the bo.u d ol tener
| than once in three years, but shall, in the inlet vals thereof,
j communicate with the said hoard in writing; and in all hii
; official acts and proceedings shall be governed bv.-nch rules
| and regulation* as may be fiom time to time established by
j .-.aid board; and a eeiiified copy of such ttiles and louula
! noii-*, and all their proceeding-, shall be foiwarded to linn
by the secietaiy of the said boaul."
! I had supposed that the object of constituting
this board at all, was for the purpose ofconsulta-
| tion; that the members who constituted the board
I might come together, bring their common stock
i of information, and lay it before the body? in order
| that they might come to a conclusion what means
j of protection, further than those provided for by
| the law, were necessary to preserve the lives of
individuals upon these steamcis.
The section proceeds:
u The compensation of such supervising inspector for the
Pacific coast shall be J$3,0li9 perannmu, with tiavehng and
other eApenses as heretofore allowed ; and for all other su-
pervising inspectors #'2,0M pur annum, with traveling and
other expenses as heretofore allowed.'7
That is#a pretty good start.
'And there is another provision of this bill,
which says:
(l That in case of one of the members of any local board
becoming incapacitated for. the performance of his dunes by
sickness or other cause during the absence of the supervis-
ing inspector tiom the poit where such board is located,
aloo tn case a vacancy in a local board shall occur In con-
sequence of death, reflation. or removal, the remaining
inspector may call in proper and competent aid to assist m
making inspections; and certificates of such inspections,
made out by the remaining member of the board, shall be
valid, and of full force and effect, and shall vvairant the col-
lector, or other chief officer of customs, in issuing enroll-
ments and licenses, provided-tile reason of the omission of
one inspector's signature upon the certificate be indorsed
upon the same, with the name of the party who aided m
such inspections; and licenses issued to pilots and engineers
under the same circumstances and conditions, and having
the signature of but one of the inspectors, shall be consid-
ered a valid license, and of full force and effect."
The twenty-fourth section provides:
" That, in addition to the local inspectors for the collection
districts named in the ninth section of the act of the 30tl 
day of August, 1852, there shall be a board of local inspect
ors for the district of Galena, at Galena, in the Stale of Illi-
nois; also, a board of local inspectors foi the distuct of
Oregon city, in the Territory of Oregon ; also, a boaid of
local inspectors for the district of Paducah, in the State of
Kentucky ; also, a board of local inspectois for the district
of AppaJachicola, in the State of Florida ; such inspectors
shall be appointed in the same manner, and shall have such
character and like qualifications and powers, and shall dis-
charge the same duties as are lequned of the local inspect-
or now holding appointments under that act."
All to be salaried officers, and the salaries all
fixed in this bill, as you will find on reference to
the twenty-seventh section. The salaries there
specified on the 20th and 21st pages of the bill, for
one officer for each district, amount to $20,700,
to say nothing about the assistant inspectors and
those other officers provided for in the preceding
part of this bill. Now, I would like to know from
my friend from Illinois how much this thing is to
cost when it ih worked out?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In answer
to the gentleman from Virginia I will say that the
additional fees icceived by the local inspectors
from boats brought under the provisions of this
law, will far more ti an pay all the salaries; so
that, instead of being an expense to the Govern-
ment, it will not cost one dime
Mr. LETCHER. Then why not provide to
pay by fees, instead of a salary? Why make
them all salaried officers here, charged upon the
Treasury, no matter what the fees maybe? And
why provide that all the costs winch may accrue
in controversies which may spring out of this bill
shall be paid out of the Tica&ury? Now, sir, if
the gentleman believes that that will be the result,
let us amend his bill m that way. Give them
fees; give them their traveling and other expenses,
and fix the maximum,if youchoose, beyond which
the fees shall not go. That will make the bill
more acceptable to me than it is at present
But, Mr. Speaker, I have another objection to
the bill. The patronage of this Government, God
knows, is large enough now. The whole tend-
ency of public sentiment, the direction of the
public eye, io to this Federal Government foi the
i| meansot" support. It is becoming a consolidated
; Government as fast as it can, and year after year
we are breaking down the lights of tho States,
^ one after another, until those which are left are
!] insufficient to protect the rights of the States
|j against the grasping power of this Government.
11 But again, sir, my friends who have argued this .
:< question upon the other side have undertaken to
1: present us with a very frightful picture of the sad
j disasters that have occurred to the Central Amer-
ica and other vessels, where lives have been lost,
1 and we have been appealed to by every appeal
! which could be addressed to our sympathies to
i, come up and aid in the passage of this bill—to aid
j in its passage at once, without sending it to the
: Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where it could be taken up section by section,
where these sections could be amended, and the
bill reduced to a shape that would give it some-
! thing like perfection, or, at any late, make it more
,, acceptable to us than it now is. Now, I hope that
it will go to the Committee of the Whole, and that
we shaii have a chance to consider if there. But
, here we are met by the gentleman from Illinois
