2772
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
June 7,
entitled to get it back^with interest, they got noth-
ing back but the principal without any account of
the interest.
The whole amount of it is simply this: the
Treasury, as I understand, has adopted the rule
that where a certain amount of debt is owing to
a State, and a certain amount of interest ^has ac-
cumulated on that debt, and where the principal
thus owing bears interest, and the interest thus
owing does not, if the claim is paid in part, they
apply that part payment to the principal which
bears interest, instead of to the interest which does
not, thus reversing the rule which exists in every
State in the Union, operating most unjustly to-
wards the States themselves.
Now, all that is asked to be done, is to make
the same allowances as were made in the cases of
Maryland, Virginia, and Alabama, and to apply
to the settlement of the interest account, the prin-
ciples of law laid down by the Supreme Court of
the United States.
Mr. J.GLANCY JONES. What harm can
possibly accrue to the States named by waiting
a year longer, till we can have all the facts, and
the law, and the treaty, and everything connected
with it, reported to Congress, ao that we can act
advisedly ?
Mr. BOYCE. The facts are all before us. The
only question is the amount of interest, and if the
thing be right, the amount does not make any
difference. In second Johnson's Chancery Re-
ports, the principles are laid down by which
interest is to be computed; and those are the prin-
ciples on which the Maryland case, and the Ala-
bama case were settled. They furnished an ex-
ception to the general rule, because the advances
* made by those States were from funds paying
interest. In the case of South Carolina, her ad-
vances were made out of Slate funds in the bank
of the State of South Carolina, which were then
realizing twolve per cent, interest.
Mr. MAYNARD. The act of 1832 expressly
recites that.
Mr. BOYCE. Yes; in 1832 an act passed Con-
gress stating the principles on which this calcu-
lation should be made. It is in these words:
"That in asceitauiing the amount Cue by the United
States to any i*tate, for advance* made by States for the
United States during the lat<i war, mtcrest\ hail bo allowed
and paid on the whole amount of the principal *ums winch
have boon or may bo relunded by tins United ytaic  t'lom
the lime tlio siino wan advanced by tin* States lespeclively,
nnid the same i-hali have been refunded as afoiesaul; the
nuins refunded fjoni nine to tunc bany fnvl applied lo the
(•MingnMnwiit of I Ik: inteic^t aeeinod at tin* turn; bu<h sum
u'a.srelnndud, and the balance, after satiMviiti; the inleie.-.t
due, shall lie applied to the extinguishment of the puneipal;
and that, for interest actually paid by the States tor money
iuxiowrdby thorn and applied to the seiviee ot tin; United
Sunes, the  aine rate of mteiest bh.ill be pdul to each of the
Suites as such State shall have paid."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend
the Senate amendment which is proposed to be
stricken out, so as to provide that the whole
amount shall not exceed $100,000.
1 understand that it is proposed to settle this
claim upon the basis on winch the.Maryland chum
was settled. The Maryland claim was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means of the
Thirty-Third Congress, as you, sir, will remem-
ber, and the committee unanimously reported ad-
versely upon it. Rut, in the last hours of the last
session of Congress, that claim was brought in
here from the Senate, with sixty other amend-
ments to a bill corresponding to the one now be-
fore us,and was passed m the report of a commit-
tee of conference, under the previous question,
without being read or printed, and when not five
members in the House know that then* was such
a ciaim provided for in the ieport of the commit-
tee of conference. The amount paid to the State
of Maryland under that provision was ^7G,000,
upon a ciaim winch had been settled and closed,
and the amount found due paid in 1826, if 1 mis-
take not. This is a proposition to provide for all
the States and cities in the country that advanced
money during the war, if I understand the amend-
ment; what amount it may cover I cannot even
guess; but, judging from the case of Maryland, it
may amount to millions on the principle laid down
there. In my opinion, sir, when claims of this
desciiption have been settled and adjusted and
paid, they should be permitted to remain closed,
ami should not be reopened at this late day. And,
sir, if you provide for the States and cities, why 1
not put in the counties and towns and villages,
and also the individuals throughout the Union
who made liberal advances to your troops when
they were prepared to leave the country for the
war with Mexico ? If you are to pay the States
and cities, why not pay the counties, and small
towns, and the individuals who contributed to the
comforts of those who were called into the ser-
vice of the country^
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman,
the principle upon which the Government of the
United States settled with the State of Maryland
for her advances for the common defense, I sup-
pose, is perfectly equitable, and only the ordi-
nary principle upon which every judgment at law,
every account between business men, every exe-
cutorial account, and every trustee's account in
the country is settled. The law under which the
settlement was originally made was, if 1 remem-
j her aright, in substance, the law which was passed
last session, and it was because of the perversity
or stupidity of the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury that it was found necessary to reenact it, and
force them to reopen and settle an account which
they had settled wrongly under the first act. It
was no old claim, as the gentleman from Tennes-
see seems to suppose, raked up in these hitter
days. It had been continuously pressed for many
years before, and pressed upon the ground that
the accounting officers of the Treasury had mis-
construed the act of Congress, and had not paid
Maryland what she was entitled to. And the act
passed at the last session.way only intended to
quicken the accounting officers of the Treasury,
and compel them to do what, under the law of
182G, it was their duty years ago to have done.
Well, what was that principle? I do not know
how far it may be embodied in the Senate amend-
ment, but it was this: it was confined to those ad-
vances of the State of Maryland which she had
made, as thegenileman from South Carolina [Mr.
1 >o ycf.] has appropriately stated, of interest-bear-
ing funds. It was not where Maryland had taxed
her citizens and drawn money directly from them
to pay the troops she was obliged to raise to de-
fend her own territory, when the United States
failed to defend it for her; but only where she had
sold her interest-bearing fund, or borrowed mo-
ney and paid interest for it. I will most cheer-
fully vote for an amendment embodymgthe prin-
ciple of indemnifying all States that have been
compelled to sell interest-bearing funds, or to bor-
row money and pay interest on it, because of the
default of the United States in failing to defend
them. At the same time, I thought the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means was a very appropriate one—to inquire,
m the first instance, which of the States do claim
to put themselves on that particular ground—in
order that we may know what we are doing.
The amendment to the amendment, proposed
by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, was rejected.
Mr. MAYJNARD. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the words " United States," where they
occur the second lime in the Senate amendment,
the words, " by any act of Congress." I state
frankly that ray object in offering the amendment
is to make an explanation, which I hope the gen-
tlemen of the committee will think proper to pay
attention to. The origin of this amendment is
this: in 1832, Congress passed an act in the follow-
ing language:
u That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they aie hereby, dnected to liquidate and set'le the
claim ot tne State ot South Carolina acamst the United
Stato-s lor interest upon money actually expended by her for
mi itmy stores, for the u^e -utd benefit of the Tinted State-,
and on account of her nnlitia wiul-i m the wivcp uf the
United States dating the lato wat with Great ttiuain; the
money so expended having been drawn by the State liom a
lund upon which she was then leeeiving interest."
Congress allowed the payment of the fund, and
dire.cted the payment of interest upon it. The
question then before the Treasury Department
was that of the principle upon which interest
should be computed. Tht y took this mode; they
computed the interest upon the sum which South
Carolina had advanced, and the interest upon the
sums paid back by tlie United States, and then
offset the one against the other, in the same man-
ner as you would between merchants who had
| mutual demands against each other, mutual debts,
| each properly drawmap interest. But in this case
i the United Slates was the only debtor; the in-
1 dobtcdness was all on her side. She had, from
time to time, made partial payments; but such
payments did not become debts to draw interest.
It is simply a case of a debt upon which partial
payments have been made, and of course the
principle of cross demand does not apply at all.
The principle was totally misapplied by the ac-
counting officer in settling with South Carolina,
under the act of 1832.
The interest should have been computed in this
case as it was in the Maryland case, amotlp which
obtains everywhere in the United States, and has
been adopted by repeated judicial decisions, and
which was claimed here tiy South Carolina in a
memorial presented, during this session, to both
Houses of Congress. That memorial was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims in the House
and in the Senate. The Committee on Claims in
the Senate examined it, and saw that it was only
just that there should be a general act of legisla-
tion declaratory of the true mode of computing
interest in adjusting the accounts of each of the
States, and hence this amendment of the Senate.
It simply is declaring upon the statute-books of
the United States what is the true mode of com-
puting interest where partial payments have been
made, and that is to compute the interest when
the first payment was made, apply the payment
to the extinguishment of the interest, as far as is
necessary, and the balance apply in- discharge of
the principal, and so on from payment to pay-
ment. That was the principle adopted in the
Maryland ease, and is the principle sought to be
incorporated here, by tlio Senate amendment, as
the true mode of computing interest in all cases
whcie interest is directed to be paid.
Mr.TRIPPE. Suppose the payment does not
amount to a sum equal to the interest ?
Mr. MAYNARD Then the interest is calcu-
lated until such a time as the payments are suffi-
cient to equal the interest.
Now, there is no more necessity of waiting upon
the facts, than there is in waiting this time twelve
months to know when the moon will rise to-mor-
row night, or to ascertain upon what day of the
woek the 4th of July, 1859, will occur. It is sim-
ply a question of law as to the mode of computing
interest. It is clearly right as applicable to the
State of South Carolina. She has been kept out,
for nearly thirty years, of a large amount due to
her. Here is the legislation upon the statute-
book, acknowledging the liability of the United
States to South Carolina for a debt due, with in-
terest thereon, and directing the payment to be
made. This amendment simply declares what is
the true mode of computing the interest. If that
models applicable to Maryland, if it is applicable
to Alabama, it is equally applicable to every other
State which has an interest account against the
Government of the United States. It is not a
question whether it is proper or not that interest
should be paid in any given case; that, so far as
South Carolina is concerned, was settled a quar-
ter of a century ago. As I have said, it is purely
a legal question; and it can give us no sort of as-
sistance m its decision to know what or how many
States will bo affected by it, or how much money
will be needed to pay the balances found due upon
the debts. Hence, I am opposed to the dilatory
amendment proposed by the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. STANTON. I do not know but what this
amendment of the Senate is perfectly right, but I
do know that it would not bo in order to an ap-
propriation bill, if it were offered as an amend-
ment in this House. 1 know that an appropria-
tion bill, at this stage of the session, is no proper
place for considering such a question. This is no
proper time for considering such questions. There
is a good icason why they should not be intro-
duced here. We have, therefore, a rule to ex-
clude them, and I trust the committee will not
concur in the Senate amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. QUITMAN. I move that the committee
rise
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move to amend
the Senate amendment by adding the following
words:
And that the amount so found due shall he credited to
■the respective States upon the public revenue deposited m
&ueh Slate, under the act ot 1836.
Mr CHAFFEE demanded tellers
