1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
668
[Air. Washblrne] with the declaration that if it
goes to the Committee of the "Whole, it will lie
buried there, and you never will consider it. Why-
do you send your appropriation bills to the Com-
mittee of the Whole? Are they not juntas import-
out as this bill in regard to the shipping interest'
They go to that committee; they are considered;
they are passed. Why is it that this bill alone
is to be made an exception, and hurried through
within four daysafter it has been printed, and the
House called upon to come up and register it as
the exact bill, in all respects, which ought to be
passed by this body?
Now, we have had hasty legislation enough,
and I concur with the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Clark,] that it is far better that we should
have no legislation at all than to have it done
without our understanding the provisions of the
measure which we are called upon to vote for or
against. I hope, therefore, that the House will
give this matter consideration in Committee of
the Whole. The remarks of the gentleman from
New York in respect to the amount of property
which will be confiscated in the city of New York
alone, under the operation of this bill, ought to
arrest the attention of the House, and induce
members to give the bill that direction which the
gentleman from New York seeks to give it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker, i do not de-
sire, at this late hour of the day, to occupy .the
attention of the House for more than a very few
minutes; but it strikes me, in reading over the
bill, that the ninth section contains in it a fatal
objection to the passage of the bill. 1 agree with
those gentlemen who have examined the different
sections of the bill, that, if these objections exist,
fatal as they are to its practical success or to its
successful operation, it ought to be more mature-
ly considered than it has yet been. 1 will read
the ninth section to which I refer, so that the
House may understand my objection to it. It is
as follows:
" ,Si:'.c- 9. Jind be it further enacted, Timt instead of the ex-
isting provisions ot' law lelating to t!ic use of fusible alloys
upon high pressuie boilers, there may be substituted fusible
plugs, or livets, ofpure tin,ofsiich dimensions,andinserted
i.l suc'ii position, as shall be prescribed by the inspectors."
Now, I desire the gentlemen of the Committee
on Commerce to inform me, and to inform the
House, why they desire a repeal of the present
law in relation to fusible alloys. By an examin-
ation of Bache's Chemistry, hastily made, 1 find
that tin fuses at four hundred and forty-two de-
grees of Fahrenheit. To attain that degree of
heat, the pressure upon the boiler would be three
hundred and seventy-five pounds to the square
inch, and if any gentleman can pretend to tell me
that a boiler will sustain that pressure without
collapsing or without exploding, it is a matter of
surprise and wonder. 1 find, in the same work,
the examination of the principles of heat by a
commission appointed by the Parisian Academy
of Science, in which the celebrated Aiago took
a leading part, and I deduce from that that this
pressure of heat upon the boiler must be three
bundled and seventy-five pounds to the square
inch before these tin plugs or rivets will fuse. I
am told, upon inquiry of some of the members
of the Committee on Commerce, that this matter
has undergone investigation, and that the result
of the examination justifies this conclusion of
theirs. Now, I ask the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce if he will be so good as to tell
me which of the inspectors recommended these
tin plugs instead of fusible alloys?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will give
the gentleman some information upon that sub-
ject, if he will yield the floor for a moment.
Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly I will. I want
the information.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am thankful
to the gentleman for aft'ording me an opportunity
of exposing to the House this matter relative to
these fusible alloys. When the steamboat bill of
1852 was before Congress, a private interest ap-
peared—as it appears now, to defeat this provision
—and that private interest was enabled to incor-
porate a provision into the law of 1852, compel-
ling the use of these fusible alloys.
Every member of the Committee on Commerce
who was consulted, was opposed to the principle
of incorporating any man's patent right into the
law, and compelling the use of any particular
invention, to the exclusion of all others, and
although this fusible alloy has, in the opinion of
experienced men, proved an entire failure, yetthe
supervising inspectors were bound by the law to
continue its use. We provide in this bill, not
that it shall be entirely stricken out of the law,
but we provide that if anything better call be dis-
covered, it may be used. AVe do not deem it
proper that Congress should tie up these matters,
and prevent the inventive genius of the country
from being felt in them.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not understand the
gentleman from Illinois, when he refers to private
interests, nor do I know to what private interest
he refers. But I want him to tell me who were
the supervising inspectors who recommended the
substitution of tin plugs for fusible alloy?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will answer
the gentleman that I have seen nearly all the su-
pervisors, and they have, without an exception,
recommended the provision which we have re-
ported;and I wish also to say further, in reference
to these supervisors, that from my knowledge of
them, and my intercourse with them, I know of
no body of men more intelligent or better qualified
to hold the positions they occupy.
Mr. FLORENCE. Who are they?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ If the gen-
tleman will look into this report he will find their
names. 1 will refer the gentleman to Captain
Shallcross, of Kentucky; and, sir, I need not tell
any gentleman from Kentucky who Captain Shall-
cross is. He is a man who lias run a boat for
thirty-five years,and nevercostaninsurancecom-
pany one dollar, orlosta life. I give you the name
of Mr. Burnett, of Boston ;^nd thegentleman will
find the names of all the supervisors and inspect-
ors, if he will refer to this report.
Mr. FLORENCE. Have they all been con-
sulted in reference to this fusible alloy ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have seen
nearly all of them.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, did not they pre-
pare this bill and submit it to the Committee on
Commerce ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They did not.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I want to call
the attention of the gentleman to the fact that the
second section of this bill contains a provision
which will enable the supervisor of New York
to make one hundred thousand dollars a year.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 have no doubt of it. It
is this information that I desire to obtain, and 1
have no objection to consuming my hour in ob-
taining it. But, sir, I do not agree with the hon-
orable and high-minded gentleman to whom the
gentleman from Illinois has referred. I wish
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce, or
the committee itself, had called these same gen-
tlemen before them and inquired as to the nature
and impropriety of flues tn boilers. In my opin-
ion, the only way to get rid of the collapse of
Hues m boilers, is to get rid of the flues ill the boil-
ers themselves. If you were rid of the flues al-
together, there would certainly be no collapsing
of Hues. Now, I will ask the honorable gentleman
whether this was made a matter of investigation
in the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The committee had
that subject, under consideration; and in connec-
tion with it they had also another subject under
consideration, which was the creation of steam
by cold water as a means of saving life. [Laugh-
ter.] But we found one difficulty, which was
that no steam could be had from cold water, and
that therefore no engines could be put in motion
through the instrumentality of cold water. And
we came to the same conclusion in regard to the
flues. We found that it was essential that there
should be flues within the boiler in order to raise
steam, for the same reason that steam will come
from hot water and will not from cold wafer.
Mr. FLORENCE. I believe, sir, that flues are
used as a matter of economy to save fuel. If the
flues were not in the boiler, it would require more
fuel to raise steam. Now, gentlemen who have
examined this subject, I suppose agree with me
that there is danger from the flues in the boiler.
If the water gets down below the flues there is
danger of an explosion. Now, I ask the gentle-
man from New York where this tin plug is to
be put ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I must confess my
incapacity to inform the gentleman the precise
locality where the tin plug is to be placed. I will
refer for more particular information in respect to'
plugs, and the application of plugs, to my friend
from Pennsylvania. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Then the gentleman can-
not answer the question. I take it for granted it
must bo somewhere below the flues in the boilers,
because, when the water gets below those flues,
there is danger of bursting, and I suppose that at
about that time the tin plug melts. It is a mighty
ugly plug anyhow; but I do not mean to say
the "Plug Uglies" had anything to do with it.
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, I just happen to open a,book before
me. It is a recommendation of Evans's safety-
guard, which I will read:
We, the undersigned, do hereby certify that we are well
acquainted with the principles and modes of operation of
Evans's hafety-guaid, for tbe prevention of explosions of
steam boik-is. It is exceedingly simple, and not at all liable
to get out of order. It prevents explosion from undue pres-
sure, both by its action as a common safety-valve and by tiie
action of the heat of the excessive pressure. But the great
and most i niportant principle of its operation is that the
valve will open by heat atone, wholly irrespective of pres-
sure. Possessing tbe above principles, it is an effectual
guard against explosions, and we therefore rccommend its
introduction on all steamboats.
li. C. RENO,
Master of the Irene.
JOHN WALLACE,
Practical Engineer and Machinist.
JAMES M'BRIDE,
Engineer on the Clara, of Mohtic.
J. J. PERRY,
Steamer Chicago.
DANIEL CARROLL,
First Knzineer on the Haydee.
ROBERT DUFFY,
Second Engineer on the Haydee.
H. S. ROBINSON,
First Engineer on the Colone I Frtmont.
WILLIAM WARD.
D. W. BOSS,
Captain of the steamer Haydee.
J. A. PAGAN,
of steamer Haydee.
M. A. KNOX.
Pittsburg, August, 1850.
Now, one word in regard to the fusible alloy in
its application to this safety-guard; and inasmuch
as the subject has been introduced, I may be per-
mitted to say that I h^ve never known an instance
where it has failed. I believe it is admitted that
there has been no failure; and I just want to know
what advantage is to be obtained by changing the
use of the fusible alloy for this tin plug?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will refer
thegentleman to the steam boat Colonel Crossman,
which burst her boilers, a few days ago, on the
Mississippi river, by which Ijventy-two persons
lost their lives. This boat had one of these ma-
chines on board.
Mr. FLORENCE. It was tied down so that
it could not work. Where it has had a chance to
operate, it lias not failed in a single instance.
Mr. LETCHER. If my friend will yield, I
will move that the House do now adjourn. He
can finish his remarks to-morrow.
Mr. FLORENCE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope the
House will not adjourn. If the House adjourns,
in what position will this bill be ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up as the first
| business m order in the morning.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman cannot ex-
pect to pass the bill to-night.
ACCOUNTS OF THE GOVERNMENT.
The SPEAKER, before putting the question,
laid before the House a statement of the receipts,
expenditures, and appropriations, from 1789 to
June 30,1857; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
And then (at half past three o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thcrsdav, February 11,1858.
Prayer by Rev. Septimus Tustikt, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (No. 152) to authorize the President
of the United States, in conjunction with the State
of Texas, to run and mark the boundary lines
between the territories of the United States and
the State of Texacs, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Territories.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of W
