1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1749
them in the treaty, in the first place—for it is given
to £hem—and, in the next place, that they shall
have the privilege of paying the Government
$1 25 per acre for the rest of the land that the In-
dians are willing to £cive them. It is absolutely
not our land; it is land that we have guarantied
to this tribe of Indians; but I have required, and
the parties are willing to pay this Government,
$1 25 per acre for land that the Government does
not own, and cannot even get.
Mr. BROWN. In that connection, will the
Senator explain to me why it is that the three
hundred and twenty acres additional to the tract
reserved in the treaty, and which it is proposed
to let these parties enter under the provisions of
this bill, are not located in connection with the
land they already have—why it is a floating priv-
ilege to carry it anywhere over the country?
Mr. PUGH. I will tell the Senator why it is
necessary. It is stated in the report, and was
made to appear to the committee and to the exec-
utive officer. This reservation in the treaty only
includes the buildings and farm-lands; it includes
no timber land; and, at the present time,the mis-
sion has no access to any woodlands; and, if they
go upon any timber reservations, the Government
of the United States would be after them with its
officials for trespassing upon the public lands.
The three hundred and twenty acres to be added
by this bill is a tract of timber land—nothing else
in the world.
Mr. BROWN. But I cannot understand of
what advantage these three hundted and twenty
acres of land can be to the mission unless located
in connection wuh it; and I find, on reading the
bill, that they are to locate anywhere on Indian
soil; it may be two hundred miles off".
Mr. PUGII. You are mistaken, sir. A de-
scription is given in the bill.
Mr. BROWN. The reading of the bill is this:
"In addition to the three hundred and twenty acres set
apait to the Fnends' Shawnee Labor School or Minion by
' the said ticnty ; such location to be made upon any of the
said lands winch will belong to the United States after the
Indians shall have made their selections, as provided by the
said treaty."
It does not require that it shall be located in
connection with the other.
Mr. PUGIi. The report specifies the lauds
the Indians have already designated. They have
already designated the tract themselves. It is
stated in the report.
Mr. BROWN. Precisely; but that does not
meet the point. What I apprehend is, that this
is an attempt on the part of this mission to get
some valuable town-site orsome property of great
value, because if they wanted three hundred aiul
twenty acres of land for the benefit of this mis-
sion, they would take land in connection wuh
what they have, and take the nearest three bun-
dled and twenty acres that happen to be vacant,
but when they go all over the face of the country
to be allowed to locate thiee hundred and twenty
acres anywhere, it looks to me very much as if it
is an attempt to get a town-site or something else
that has a particular value attached to it.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator may have the bill
amended in that regard—there is no difficulty
on that score. As I said, the bill was drawn by
the late Commissioner of Indian Affairs, but that
point never attracted my attention, because I knew
that the tracts of lands are particularly designa-
ted, and it is stated in the report what they are.
They are selected. Here is the tract:
lCTh<; Yearly Meeting of Indiana theieforu asks permis-
sion to locate and purchase a«, a preemption right, at 95
an act<'j two tracts in the neijjhhoihood of the mission-farm,
namely : one hundted and twenty acies west ot the laim,
and two hundred acres on tlie south side of the Kansas
river.*'
i knew that it was specified. If it is not done
in the bill, it is because I trusted the Commis-
sioner to draw it up; and I shall not object to the
Senator's amending the bill in that particular. I
shall not detain the .Senate any longer.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it was understood,
when we adjourned yesterday, that we should
take up the deficiency bill to-day I hope it will
be taken up.
Mr. PUGH. Let us have a vote on this bill
one way or the other.
Mr. HUNTER. If there could be a vote with-
out debate, I should not object; but I know there
will be opposition, I know there will be speeches
made. I must take the sense of the Senate on
taking up the deficiency bill. I move to take it
up.
Mr. BROWN. Can that motion be made with-
out altering the rule? The Senate is sittingunder
a resolution appointing this day for the consider-
ation of private bills. I do not understand that
we can, without a day's notice, cnange the rule.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not a rule. It is a mere
order of business, the same as we make in regard
to other special orders. I hope the Senator from
Mississippi will not interpose in the way of the
deficiency bill. Let us get through with it. I
think that was the understanding when we ad-
journed yesterday.
Mr. BROWN. I did not so understand.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it was the under-
standing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) In the opinion of tjie Chair, a major-
ity can set aside this bill for the purpose of taking
up the deficiency bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I make that motion,
to postpone all prior orders and take up the #efi-
ciency bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish the Senator would
give way and let this bill pass. The hour of one
o'clock has not yet arrived.
Mr. HUNTER. I would give way if I did not
know that this bill would be debated. We can-
not pass the bill under an hour's debate.
Mr. SIMMONS. We cannot debate it ten min-
utes longer if wc try.
Mr. HUNTER. I make the motion that the
deficiency bill be now taken up.
Mr. 1VERSON. Does the Chair decide that
it is competentfor a majority to set aside the res-
olution passed some time ago setting apart Friday
for the consideration of private bills?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
opinion of the Chair. A majority of the Senate
have a right to dispense wjth that order of busi-
ness, and take up any other.
Mr. IVERSOXSf. The impression my mind de-
rived from older Senatoi s was that it could not be
done without unanimous consent. I know that
the Chair this morning, when it was not occupied
by the present incumbent, when it was moved to
introduce petitions, stated that it could only be
done by unanimous consent. I yielded; and there-
fore petitions were introduced. The President
pro tempore of the Senate, as I understood him,
decided that it required unanimous consent to
waive the order of the day. I think the present
occupant is wrong in his decision. I will appeal
to older Senators, however.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will allow me to
say that it has boon the uniform decision of the
Senate, I think, that an order made in this way
becomes a rule of the Senate. The question has
been raised here several times, since I have been
in the body, and it has been uniformly decided
that it required one day's notice to change it. I
do not make this suggestion because I object to
taking up the deficiency bill; but 1 am anxious
that there shall not be an enoneous decision on
this question; because, if so, our private bill ar-
rangements will be ended foi the sess*on; for some-
body will be continually moving to postpone them,
and, by talking about it and voting about it, we
shall lose private bill day.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have been
here for some years, and I am very certain that,
if the proposition that is now presented to the con-
sideration of the Senate by the Senator from Mich-
igan can prevail justly, or should heretofore have
prevailed justly, there would not have burn a sin-
gle Friday that would not have been devoted to
private bills; and yet, I know that we have con-
stantly passed private bills over on Fridays. Now
there is one little bill here which is pioducing this .
kind of excitement and this kind of exaction of
the public business which is to set aside business
of far more importance.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator will allow
me to say a word.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Certainly. !
Mr. STUART. It is a \eiy shmt time since
this oidtr was made. 1 say that when such an
order has been made bv the Senate, the decision
has been, that after it is made if rannot be set
aside without the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate; and I call the attention of the Senator to a
case that occurred when the Kansas-Nebraska bill
was under consideration. It became necessary to
give one day's- notice of an intention to move to
set aside just such an- order ihis/jaft'd it was
done. ' ; ' ' : J <
Mr. JOHNSON, of"'Arkansas. ~ Lhope very-
much that the decision of the Chair wil^frg
tained if the gentleman takes an appeal.' : -
Mr. HUNTER. There is-no appeal. '■-*•!?/ *
Mr. JOHNSON,'of Arkansas, if there js ftd
appeal, it is unnecessary to discuss it. I will say ,
however, that at this time of the session* when
we are trying to bring our work up to the 7th of
June, and when we are compelled to do it, or else
rescind the resolution adopted by the two Houses,
(an operation which is not very easy, by the way,)
I hope we shall not give a different construction
from that stated by the Chair, and thus.delay the
public business for the consideration of such as
that which is before us. As to the bill before us, I
certainly shall oppose it, and I know there are
others who will do so; and I think I can show
grounds on which you cannot get a majority of
the Senate to pass that bill to-day.
Mr. IVERSON. I must take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair, unless the Senate come
to some arrangement about the Private Calendar.
It has been usual through all the Congresses here-
tofore to take up the Private Calendar regularly
on Fridays, about the 1st of April, at the long
session. I think the order setting apart Friday
for private bills, at the first session of the last
Congress, was adopted on the 24th of March, and
from that time to the end of the session* every
Friday was appropriated to private bills,. ► I ob-
tained an order from the Senateyduring the month;
of March, or about the 1st of this month—I do
not remember particularly the time—setting apart
Fridays hereafter for the consideration of private
bills. Instead of complying with that order, the
Senate has devoted but a single day this whole
session to the consideration of the Private Calen-
dar.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If that is the
case, it is the Senator's fault. He has not in-
sisted that the rule is what he now contends for.
Mr. IVERSON. I beg pardon; it is no fault
of mine. The Senato set aside the Private Cal-
endar by proceeding to other business of a press-
ing character. I did not interpose objection,
though I was anxious to have the private bills
considered. I yielded and yielded, until my pa*
tience was exhausted, and I will not yield again
without some arrangement.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
had no right to yield before.
Mr. IVEltSON'. I am willing to yield to-the
deficiency bill to-day, provided the Senate will
make the Private Calendar the order for to-mor-
row. If they do that, I will yield; otherwise, I
will not; and I will take an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair. If the Senate will, by general-
consent, agree 
Mr. MASON. I shall give no consent.
Mr. TOOMBS. Nor I, either.
Mr. MASON. I deem it a matter of the last
importance that the business of the Senate should
be under the control of the Senate, and more es-
pecially as we have now fixed the day for adjourn-
ment, and are all anxious to adjourn. To ascer-
tain whether that order is subject to the Control
of the majority of the Senate, let it be read, that
we may see what it is. If it is the rule of the Sen-
ate, it requires one day's notice. If it is a mere
order, it can be disposed of by a majority. '
The Clerk read the order,as follows:
"Rewired, That toi the residue of the piesent session,
after this piesent week. Fiiday of each week shall be set
apart for the con>idc auon of private lnlh,ju the older irt
winch tiiey stand upon the Calendar."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,and othrrs. That
is not a rule. *
Mr. BROWN. I should like to know, then,
what it takes to constitute a rule ?
Mr. MASON. A rule is one of the regulations .
prescribed by the Senate, in the nature of a fund-
amental law, only to be changed in a certain way
Mi. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. A rule, too,is
permanent, and lasts from year to year; but this
ik only for the remainder of the session. It is a
mere order
Air. HA All,IN. T do not desire to interpose
any objection to the consideration of the defi-
ciency bill; but I desire to state that this resolu-
tion, I think, is in the precise words of one which
has been adopted for years, and time after time,
