8774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
I am at a loss—a great loss—to understand why
that gentleman, especially, should contest this
claim with such pertinacity, when his own State
has received over three hundred thousand dollars
on precisely the same principle. He does not
contest it on the ground of its injustice. He has
. not, in the specious argument which he h5s just
made, denied the justice of the claim. He raises
other and unsubstantial objections. The simple
question to be considered is,'is this claim a just
one? If it be just, why will you repudiate it, es-
pecially after the principle has been so fully recog-
nized in the Virginia case, and upon precisely
the same ground? The accounting officers of the
Treasury did not do us justice to reject this claim
after they were directed by law to adjust and set-
tle the claims held by Maine against this Govern-
ment. They denied us the payment of this one per
cent, extra interest paid by our State for its de- j
fense. Now, will Congress (urn us away empty ,
■with a claim so equitable and in such exact con- j
formity with the law and practice of all the States '
in the Union? Maine has paid this money, and
tins Government is under treaty obligations to re- i
fund it. Gentlemen talk about our bonds being :
shaved. Let gentlemen look at the question as it
is. We had three thousand men under arms and
away on the frontier, in the wilderness, over one
hundred miles from the frontier settlements. Wc '
had to raise money suddenly and without delay
to support those men in this extraordinary emer-
gency. But you cannot always raise money under
such a state of things, without making some sac-
rifice. State bonds will not always sell at par,
when forced into the money market. We thought
-we did exceedingly well, under circumstances so
% unusual, to obtain money on our bonds at seven
i per cent. We lost one per cent., six per cent,
being the legal interest in Maine.
Now the simple question is, not whether the
accounting officers have settled the c'aini, and
■settled it, as we believe, under a misapprehension
of the law, but, do you owe the money? That is
the only point in the case. Will you treat us as
you have treated Virginia and Maryland ? or will
you repudiate the debt and deny us our rights ?
I think the General Government has had quite
enough out of Maine. She has lopped oft' nearly
one eighth of our territory, and we reluctantly
yielded it as a sacrifice for the common benefit of
the wholecountry, to secure its peace and to avoid
a war. We were opposed to it. VVe knew that
every inch of that territory was ours, and so Con-
gress and our Stale had resolved, over and over
again. We did not say, " 04° 40' or fight." We
went to the frontier lo defend and fight for our
soil if necessary, and said nothing about it. No
boasting—no proclamation in advance of what wo
would do—bul every man's mind was madeup to
free our territoiy from foreign aggression. If the
General Government had not interposed we would
have held every inch of that territory. We were
ready to do it. Our troops inarched on to the
ground in the dead of winter, through a hundred
miles of wilderness, with the snowthree feet deep,
sleeping on the ground, and were ready to take
that territory into our own hands. And now you
will nol pay us what you agreed by solemn treaty
stipulation to pay us. All sorts of excuses are
got up to put us off and delay payment. Sir, I
am sick of it, and hope we shall hear no more
of tt.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 move to amend theamend-
merit by striking out from the word " pay," in
the eleventh line, to the word " State/' in the
fourteenth line, and insert, in lieu thereof, " and
to report to the next Congress the amount so
found due, together with all the particulars relating
to the same, and.''
Mr. Chairman,it seems to me that there can be
no such liuny for this money as to impose upon
this House the necessity of making the appropri-
ation without any investigation whatever. We
are precluded by our rules from legislating upon
an appropriation bill. Our billsgo to the Senate;
and tliey come back here loaded down with legis-
lation, which we have no opportunity to examine.
In this case, with no creditor who has been kept
out of his money, sutl'ering, with no one making
a demand here, with no petition here that has
oeen neglected, this House is asked to vote away
the authority of the House to an executive officer
tb ascertain tte atatrtmt tlufe uptjn a claim, whi'cli
I shall presently notice, and to pay that amount
without any other authority than that contained
in this amendment.
Now, why should this be done? The State of
Maine has been paid once, if not twice.. If she
has not beeo fidhj paid, let her come here, as any
other creditor. Let her petition be presented to
this House; let it be referred to the Committee of
Claims; or let it go to the Court of Claims. Let
it, at least, come before the House with some rec-
ommendation, or in such a shape that we may
know what we are voting on.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Allow me to
say that Maine has come here and presented her
petition to two committees—the Committee on
Foreign Affairs and the Committee of Claims—
and those committees have unanimously reported
m favar of it.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then let us act on those re-
ports, and not ex pw-te.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Why should
we do that, when we can pass the claim here in
five minutes?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Because it has not been con-
sidered here, and we know nothing about it It
has been the practice of gentlemen upon the other
side of the House, during this session, to read us
homilies on extravagance; and every expenditure
madeunderautlionty of this House will be charged
against what is called the dominant party here.
I^ot us see who it is who votes for such claims.
I do not mean nor desire to prejudge this claim;
I will not permit myself to be unjust towards any
one; all I ask is that I may have an opportunity
of examining, it. But when the Senate, in hot
haste,in thismanner.putintonnappropiiatton bill
that which we could not put in ourselves, let us
at least say to them that we are in no such haste
to pass it. The State of Maine seems to have
been paid the principal and interest calculated tn
a manner that satisfied her at the tune; and if, be-
cause Virginia, or Maryland, or any other State,
has been paid in a manner which obtained for
them more in proportion than the State of Maine
was paid, why Maine will not suffer by waiting
until the House of Representatives can, at it3 next
session, examine her claim.
The vigilance of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Washburn] might have been better exerted
at an earlier period of the session. Why did he
not earlier call attention to this claim? Why was
it not pressed on the attention of the House at the
time when we could examine it' We are told
that it is rank injustice to Maine; that Maine suf-
fered much from the action of the Government.
1 do nor, think she has lost much; but if this is
! justly due to her, let us ascertain it, just as we as-
certain the chums of other creditors. I have not
a word to say about tnc propricly of her selling
her bonds cilher above or below par. I do not
care for that. Ifshe honestly expended the money
for the use and service of the Government, let us
give her the principal and interest to the utmost
farthing; but I,forone,protestagainst beingcalled
upon in the last hours of the session, on an amend-
ment. proposing legislation m a mere appropria-
tion bill, to vote away the public money for a
matter the propriety of which I have not time to
inquire into.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have but a
word to say. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
asked us w hy we did not come here and have this
question presented to the House, so that gentle-
men might have an opportunity 
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 wish to say that
1 have been here for fourteen hours without leaving
the Hall, and as we cannot finish the bill to-night,
I wish to move that the committee rise.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have no de-
sire to occupy my five minutes I simply wish
to say that this claim has been favorably reported
on, and the bill and report have been in the gen-
tleman's desk, and he might have examined them
long ago.
Maine has never yielded this claim. She pressed
it before the Treasury Department years ago, and
the accounting officers of the Treasury decided,
under their construction of the law, that they weie
authorized to pay the principal and interest, but
not discount and losses. Maine immediately came
to Congress, and the bill passed the Senate, but
II failed to pass the House for want of time. The
claim is aYfprOpln'a&ly in ati ap^rtfp'ria'iib'n bill.
because the money is due to Maine under exist-
ing law, as has been satisfactorily shown to the
Committee of Claims. She has been kept out of
this money for years, and-I think it time that she
was paid.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. SCALES demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Foster and
Foley were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 38, noes 85.
So the committee refused to rise.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon the Senate amend-
ment,
Mr. PHILLIPS demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was not concurred in
Mr. CLEMENS. I move that the committee
rise; and upon that motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Foley and
Clemens were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 37, noes 64; no quorum voting.
The roll of the committee was then called, when
the following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. A'lmin- Alit, Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bennett, lSp-hop, Blair, Kl^s, Bonhain. Bowie, Boyee,
Bjirns, Burroughs, I'aiutheis, Cavauaugh, Hcuace F. Clark,
Uordni". Oovode. Burton Ciaigi', Curtis, Damrell, David-
sotMD.ivis oI'MifSii^ippi, Dean, Dewart, Diek, Dodd, Dow-
dell" Edic, Edinundson, English, Farnsworth, Faulkuer,
Gartiell.Gidihug-.Gillis, Gihnan.Goode. Greenwood, Law-
rence VV Hall, llolicrt B Hall, J. Morrison Harris,Tlinmas
L. Hairis, Haskm, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Hoard. Hor-
ton, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jcwett, George W. Jones,
Kcitt, Kellogg, Kilgore, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy,
Lawrence, Leach, Leidy, Maclay, McKibbin, McUneen,
Miles, Millei, Montgomery, Moore. Morrill, Isaac N. Mor-
ris, Nichols, Olin, rev ton, William W. Phelp-, Pike, Pow-
ell, Puvvianee, Ciumnan, R,'illv, Rm hie, Sandidge, Savage,
Sevvaid, Henry il. Shaw, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stallworth,
Stephens, William Stewart, Talbot, Thompson, Tuppe,
Walton, Ward, Warren, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Wat-
kins, White, Wmslow, Woiteinlyke, Augustus K. Wright,
and Zollicofler.
Mr. CURRY stated, pending the call of the
roll, that Mr. Moore, of Alabama, was detained
from the House by sickness.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker hay-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Piielps, of Missouri,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
I state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the Senate amendments to
House bill (No. 200) making appropriations'for
certain civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1859, and had made some
progress in the consideration of said amendments;
but finding itself without a quorum had directed
the roll to"be called,and had instructed him to re-
port the names of the absentees to the House.
A quorum having answered to their names, the
committee again resumed its session.
Mr. CLEMENS moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the commit-
tee reported that the Cominitee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the state of the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly Senate amendments
to the bill of the House No. 200, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. SAVAGE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I desire to know whether my name was
recorded upon the call of the committee ? I was
present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that is not
a question of privilege.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE WATROUS.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I am directed by a portion
of the Committee on the Judiciary to make a re-
port upon the memorials of Eliphas Spencer and
Jacob Mussina, in which they pray for the im-
peachment of John C. Watrous, district judge of
the United States court for the district of Texas.
I move that the report be printed, and that its
further consideration be postponed until Wed-
nesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. READY. I am also directed by another
branch of the Judiciary Committee to make a re-
p'Oft dn the stanfe Bubfetti I ask th&t it alsnjmtfy
