1750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
as the records of your own Senate will show, it
has-been regarded as a rule of the Senate for the
session; and on various occasions within my rec-
ollection, though I cannot specify the times, when
an important question has been before the Senate,
a day's notice has been given preceding the Fri-
day which they wanted to occupy, that they
would move to rescind this rule for the day. I
recollect distinctly that the Senator who preceded
you, sir, from your own State, (Mr. Badger,) on
one occasion, made that motion; and on the next
day, Friday,we did rescind the rule for the day;
but it was regarded as a rule of the Senate; a notice
was given one day in advance, and it has been
done frequently. This decision, therefore, is re-
versing the whole practice of theSenate ever since
that rule was adopted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is obvious that we can
reach our purpose without any reference to this
rule. No one can ever control this Senate when
a majority wishes to take up one class of business
in preference to another. The majority must con-
trol its own business; and if a mere point as to
the rule on the subject is suggested, what is to
prevent us laying private bilis on the table, one
after another, as they are called, until we get
through with them ? We cannot make a rule by
which the majority of the Senate will be prevented
from doing the public business when it thinks the
public exigency requires the dispensation of the
rule. Nor can any previous arrangement do it.
You can take these private bills and lay them
upon the table, one after another; and when we
have got through with them, then any public busi-
ness is in order. It can be rcachcd in that way,
and I trust we shall not continue this profitless
discussion; but, if there is, as i believe there is,
a large majority of the Senate disposed to go on
with the public business, let us go on with the
deficiency bill.
Mr. STUART. I am unwillingthat this ques-
tion should be presented to the Senate, or pass
away, under any misapprehension. I do not
know but that there may be somebody here who
objects to taking up the deficiency bill, but it is
not I. 1 am entirely willing that the deficiency j
bill shall be taken up and acted upon to-day; but
it is to avoid the very difficulty that is suggested
by the Senator from Louisiana, that I do not like
this question to pass off under the present decis-
ion. v it may occur at the very next Friday that
the whole day may he spent m a motion to post-
pone the private bills, and you may consume the
entire Friday and do nothing. That we have
seen here often, and it can be ddne any time. If
the course suggested by the Senator of laying the
private bills on the table were pursued, you mi^ht
notgetthrough with them all in two weeks, if the
minority of the Senate saw fit to fight it.
Mr. IiENJAMIN. A motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. STUART. Hut you can vote on a hun-
dred propositions befoie you can get to it, by the
yeas and nays; bat tluu is not the point. His m
order that the business of the Senate may be un-
der the control of the Senate, that I suggest that
the uniform practice of the Senate should be fol-
lowed; that by common consent we lay aside pi i-
vate bills to-day, and take up the deficiency bill;
but not that we submit to a decision which would
enable any Senator on any Fuday to move to
postpone the private bills to take up any question
he wishes, and to debate it all day; that is the
difficulty.
Now, sir, I referred to a case—the very case
alluded, to by the Senator from Maine—in 1854.
Then, the Senator from North Carolina (Mr.
Badger) wishing to get action upon the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, ga"vc one day *a notice thathcwould '
move to set aside just such an order as this for
Friday; and on Friday it was set aside without
debate, the majority of the Senate being for it;
but it has been always held that it required the
unanimous consent of the Senate, under an order
of this kind, to postpone private business.
It is said it is not a rule. You need not call a
thing by the name of a rule in order that it should
be-a rule. It sets aside particular days for par-
ticular business. luis an order; it is a rule of
your body that every Friday shall be appropri-
ated in a particular manner; and it is as much a
rule as it is that n bill shall not he read three times
on the same day, A single objection carries it
over; you cannot read the biU—a majority can-
not have it read; it cannot be done at all. Why?
Simply because the Senate has ordered otherwise.
These rules are but orders of the Senate govern-
ing their action. , Now, I am willing, and I hope
the Senate will agree to lay aside all these ques-
tions for to-day*fand take up the deficiency bill;
but I hope they will not submit to a decision
which will put it in the power of any member of
the body to defeat a private bill any day when he
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remark, though only temporarily occupying the
chair, that he has some hesitation in deciaing this
question after the remarks made by Senators of
more experience in the rules of this body. He
does not profess to be experienced as to the uni-
form practice of the Senate on this question. The
Chair entertained the opinion, and now entertains
the opinion, that this resolution is, in substance,
to be construed as though you had made private
bills the special order for to-day. Suppose, in-
stead of making the Private Calendar a special
order, you had a resolution making half a dozen
private billw on the table the special order for a
particular day: it would be the order of business
prescribed by the Senate. We make a special
order to-day to be taken up to-morrow. It is in
order for the Senate to take up the bill to-morrow;
we have assigned that day to discuss that bill;
but according to the uniform practice of the Sen-
ate, whenever that time comes, it is in order to
move to postpone that, and take up something
else,
Mr. STUART. It is so because the rule says
so. Tho very rule which makes special orders
says, " unless otherwise ordered by a majority
of the Senate." If it did not say so, that could
not be done. That is tiie very language of the
lU,riie PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the nppeul—" Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate'"
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were oideied; and being taken, lesulted
—yeas 2(5, nays i23; as follows:
YC AS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Benjamin, Ola}', Onrton-
den, Evan--. Fitch, wm. Hale, Hammond, Ilail.m,
Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Arkun^w, Jones, Kennedy,
Mallory, M.non, Polk, rtebasnau, Sluleil, Thom&on of New
.leiscv, Tooint)^, W'ntjlii, .md Yulec—
NAY.^—Missis. 15.-II. Bnnh?, l.rodenek, Brown. Came-
ron, (Jhumilei, Clark, Collamer, Divon, Doohtlie, Dtirkee,
Fissenden, Foot, Fosiei, Hamlin, Iveison. I'ugh,Sowaid,
tfmirnons, Situvrt, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—ii3.
So the derision of' the Chair stands as the judg-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. 1IALE, Having voted with the majotity,
I move n reconsideration of the vote just taken;
nnd T will state the reason for it. 1 was not in
the Senate Chamber when tho question arose, and
1 find that I stand on the record in opposition to
a great majority of those—1 do not know but that
1 am m opposition to the whole of those—with
whom I uniformly vote on this floor, and I sim-
ply desire to make this justification. 1 understand
the uniform practice of the Senate ever since I
have had the honor of a seat on this floor, with-
out exception m my recollection, to be in accoid-
ance with the decision of the Chair. Having
made that explanation, I withdraw the motion to j
reconsider.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs.)
The question is on the motion of the Senator from
Virginia to postpone al! prior oiders for the pur-
pose of taking up the deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. It. No.
30(>) to supply deficiencies m the appropriations
for the servicc of the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1858, the pending question being on the
amendment offered by Mr. Fessekdrn to strike
out all after line thirty, page 2, of the printed bill,
down to line one hundred and sixteen, page 6, and
insert:
To supply a deficiency of appropriations for the icgular
supplie- of the quai let ma-tei 'bdepat tiuf.U in the yeai end-
ing June 30, 185", 57.
To supply a deficiency of appropriation.-for the incidental
expenses of the quaitermfNtei's department m the vear end-
ing June 30, 1857, 8129,860 30.
To supply adefieiencyof appropriations foi the transpor-
tation of tioop.s and supplies in the year ending June 30,
1857, lo.
To -supply a deficiency of appropriation* for linn neks and i!
quditeid in the year ending June Lid, JS57, .$07,931 30. l!
To supply a deficiency of appropriations for the regular
supplies of the quartermaster's department in the year end-
ins June 30, 1858, $300,000.
To supply a deficiency of appropriations of incidental ex-
pense? ofthe quartermaster's department in the year ending
June 30, 1858, §60,000.
To supply a deficiency of appropriations for transpoita-
tion of troops and supplies in the year ending June 30,1858,
as,000,000.
To supply a deficiency of appropriations for constructing
bat racks, and other expenses incident to the same and to
quarters for the troops, and to store-houses for the safe-
keeping of military stores, during the year ending June 30,
1858, $30,000.
To supply a deficiency of appropriations for the purchase
of horses necessary to be purchased in the year ending June
30,1838, for the two regiments of dragoons, the two regi-
ments of cavalry, the regiment of mounted riflemen, the
companies of light aitillery, and snch infantry as it may be
found necessary to mount at the frontier posts, $100,000.
Mr. BELL. I should be very sorry indeed,
Mr. President, if, by commencing my remarks at
a late hour of the session yesterday, I prevented
a vote on the passage of this bill then. My in-
tention was to occupy the Senate but a few min-
utes, and to leave them, if they were prepared tQ
vote without further debate. 1 wished to express,
as briefly as I could, the grounds on which I pro-
posed to sustain the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Maine; and I will now be as brief
as possible. If I supposed the Senate was now
ready to take the vote on the bill without further
delay, I do not know but that 1 would rather dis-
pense with any further remarks on the subject,
considering that I have already expressed some
of the heads of my objection to the bill as it now
stands. I pledged myself that I had no desire to
continue this debate; and if the Senate will indulge
me for a few minutes, I will not trespass upon
them longer, and the day may be appropriated,
according to the rule, to the consideration of pri-
vate business.
Mr. President, it is not so much the money
that is appropriated by this bill that causes me to
interpose any remarks of mine in relation to it.
After that point has been disposed of, there is a
far greater principle, a far greater interest, than
tiie seven, or eight, or ten million dollars proposed
to be voted by it. The difference between the
bill as it stands, and what it will be if the amend-
ment. of the honorable Senator from Maine shall
be adopted, reducing the appropriations beyond
this fiscal year about one half, is small indeed in
amount compared to the principle which I think
is connccted with it. I stated yesterday that Con-
gress had no mode of expressing its dissent, or
of entering a protest against the exercise of the
discretion which the Executive had assumed in
instituting this expedition to Utah, and that 1
thought we ought to adopt some mode of express-
ing the sentiment of this House, the Senate of the
United States, m opposition to such discretion
hereafter by the Presidents of the United States.
I said, in the first place, that I thought it was
pretty clear that it was not proper for this body
to express any sentiment that it had been done
m violation of law. I would not affirm that now,
even if it were not improper to do so; but I will
state that, if there be any color of law for the
exercise of such a discretion under the Constitu-
tion, it is one of the grossest abuses of such a
discretion. Although it may be sanctioned by
law, to some extent; although there may be some
plausible ground for it, it is one of the grossest
abuses that has ever taken place in the practice
of the Government.
I occupied a few minutes yesterday evening in
showing the extreme jealousy with which "the
power of using the Army and Navy of the United
States had been conceded by Congiess to the
President, from the very foundation of the Gov-
ernment. It was guarded with such caution, that
when he was authorized to call out the militia, or
to exercise the power of executing the laws by
the military, I think, by fair inference from the
provisions of nearly all the laws on that sub-
ject, Congress never meant to extend it beyond
the next meeting of Congress, and thirty days
afterwards. In regard to using force to remove
settlers from Indian lands, or even to carry into
effect treaties, which are the supreme law of the
land, the President never seems to have felt him-
self authorized to employ the military force for
that purpose, without an express act of Congress.
This shows how dangerous it has been consid-
ered to concede such a discretion heretofore in the
practice of the Government.
But, Mr. President, it may be asked, what is
