666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That carries with
it the whole question.
Mr. CLAY. 1 withdraw the motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is another point which
has not been alluded to by Senators in this mat-
ter, and it goes to the foundation of the whole
thing. I insist that we cannot adopt the resolu-
tion reported by the Committee on Contingent
lixpenses, without a direct and palpable violation
of the law under which we are acting. That
would be a sufficient objection to my mind, if
there were none other. It is known that old doc-
uments, including the Annals of Congress, the
American Archives, State Papers, and a variety
of other matters, had accumulated, and had been
distributed among the members of the House of
Representatives and the Senate. It required a
large annual sum to make that distribution; and
Congress, at the first session of the last Congress,
provided by law that thereafter no books should
be furnished to members, unless the amount of
the same were deducted from the compensation
to which they were entitled. I have the law be-
fore me, and I will read the section, because I am
aware that there may, by possibility, be given to
it a different construction than that which I give
to it, though I think the construction I place upon
it is clearly right. It is the fifth section of what
was called the compensation act, of the 16th of
August, 1856, fixing the compensation of mem-
bers of Congress. When that act was passed, it
was deemed advisable to put a stop to what was
a most extravagant, unnecessary, and wrong ex-
penditure of the public money; and the fifth sec-
tion of that act. provides:
"Sec. 5 Jlrul be it further enacted, That if any books
shall hereafter be ordered to and received by members of
Congress, by a resolution of either or both Hotibes of Con-
gress., the price paid lor the same fchall be deducted from
the compensation hereinbefore provided for such member
or members: Provided, however, That tins shall not extend
to books ordered to be pruned by the Public Printer during
the Congress for which the said member shall have been
elected."
What is the meaning of the proviso in that
section> Does it apply to anything else than the
books which we order m the usual course of legis-
lation, such as Patent Office reports and ordinary
documents ? I say that it is limited by that. If
you carry it beyond that, you fritter away the
whole power of the section entirely. If you can
go to the Supreme Court room and can compile a
book from judicial decisions, and have it come
within the meaning of that proviso, and pass an
order here for its printing, and pay for it out of
yourcontingentfund,youmaygo to the stationer's
and compile a book upon science; you may com-
pile a hook upon arts; you may compile any book
you please, with just as much propriety as you
may go to the Supreme Court room and compile
a book from judicial decisions: no, sir, they are
not worthy of being called judicial decisions, but
the opinions that men utter there. I insist that a
fair construction of that section goes to the founda-
tion of this whole proposition; and that it is a
clear, utter violation of the law under which we
arc acting, unless the resolution be so amended as
to provide that we pay for the same out of our
compensation.
I have never seen-one of these volumes: I am
wrong; I never received one of them. I did see
one casually the other day, and I have never seen
but one. 1 have received none; 1 want none; but
if the Senate in its wisdom shall see fit to order
the publication, I say a fair construction of the
law requires that we should put our hands in our
pockets and pay for it, or own that we do an act
which is in clear violation of the law. If I am
right in this view, the resolution ought to be re-
jected. I have nothing to say on the amendment
which is offered by my friend from Wisconsin,
other than that, to leave no implication, I shall vote
for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Doolittle's amendment, resulted—yeas 19,
nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Coliamer, Dixon,
Hoohttle, Durkee, Fessjenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Ilamtm,
Harlan, King. Sewaid, Simmons, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard. Benjamin, Biggs, Bmlor.
bright, Broilenck, Brown, Clay, Davi«, Evan?-, Fitch, Fita-
pamelc, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Houston, Hiinrer. Iver-
son, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mallorv, Ma-
p'm, J'catee, Polk, Pu«h, Sebastian, Shdell, Thomson of
New Jersey, Tuoinbo, Wright, and Vulee—33.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected. ¥
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the amendment reported by the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the resolution as amended.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. STUART. My attention was called away
so* that I did not vote on the last motion on which
the yeas and nays were taken; but if I had voted
I should have voted against it, for the reason that
I do not choose to express my opinions here in
regard to any question of that sort when voting on
a resolution of this kind. In regard to the prop-
osition as it now stands, I shall vote against it,
because I agree with the construction of the law
which is stated by the Senator from Maine. I
think it is in violation of the law, and therefore do
not feel myself at liberty to vote for it.
Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest, (I do not wish
to urge it,) as it may throw some light on the
point which the Senator from Maine has stated ,
whether it wodld not be practicable to get the opin-
ion of the Supreme Court on the question whether
this is in conflict with the compensation act or
not? Because if it is, 1 should not be very much
in favor of passingit. There is one doctrine as-
sumed by the committee in the report that I should
like to have light upon; and that is, whether the
reporter of the decisions of the Supreme Court
has a copy-right? I do not believe a word of it.
I do not believe he has any more right to a copy-
right of it than he has to a copy-right of speeches
made in the Senate, or a President's message. I
am unwilling to sanction that. An honorable Sen-
ator who sits in front of me, [Mr. Bexjamin.] if
he will allow me to refer to him, in a conversation
I have had with him, put it on a different ground.
Ho suggested that, inasmuch as we are diminish-
ing to some extent the value of the Supreme Court
reports, by publishing this opinion m pamphlet
form, which otherwise the reporter would have
printed in his volume, as a matter of equity we
ought to pay him $1,500, because, by this gratu-
itous distribution of this opinion, we to that ex-
tent lessen thc"\a)ue of the bound volume. On
that ground it is not objectionable; but the ground
assumed in the leport that the reporter has a copy-
right to the opinions of tneSupreme Court I utterly
dissent from and deny entirely.
A Senator, h has been decided.
Mi'. HALE 1 do riot care whether it has been
dccided or not. Common sense would decide it,
even if the Supreme Court were against it.
Mr. PUGIi. Strike out that portion about the
copy-right.
Mr. HALE. I will not propose any amend-
ment; but I protest against that doctrine.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not mean to debate this
matter, but as the Senator from New Hampshire
has referred to something that occurred in con-
versation, I will state to the Senate, in a very few
words, the ground of this allowance. When it
was in contemplation under the resolution which
I offered at the last session to prima certain num-
ber of this decision for distnbution amongst the
people of the United States, as a matter of inform-
ation which would be valuable to them, and which
all were desirous of obtaining, a difficulty arose ;
with the reporter of the Supieme Court,who made
an objection which I thought a very justone. Ife I
said: '4 My compensation depends upon the sale of !
the volumes which are allowed me for sale; if the ji
Senate takes more than half my volume and dis- |l
tributes it gratuitously, it to that extent impairs I
the contract by which I am to receive compensa- !
tion as a public officer by the sale of the volumes; \
nobody will buy my volume if more than half of
it is taken and printed and distributed gratuitous- !
iy." I thought that a fair claim. I had no idea ;
he had aeopy-rightin the decisions of the Supreme i
Court, but that he had a fair claim, on equitable j
considerations, that we should not by a gratuitous i
distribution impair the value of that consideration 1
which we allow him for printing the decisions of ;
the Supreme Court.
Mr. CAMERON. As I intend to vote for this
resolution, it is due to myself that I should say a r
word in justification of my vote. I think this I
whole matter of copy-right is wrong. I cannot j
imagine by what authority of law or equity an
officer of the Supreme Couit of the United States
can charge for a copy-right for a document ordered
to be printed by the Senate. I shall vote for the
resolution, however, because the work was printed
in good faith. Members of this body, last spring,
at the close of the session, when they had nor n \
opportunity of consulting the Senate on the sub-
ject, with the impression that everybody here
was desirous to have the information, oidered it
to be printed. If it were to be done now, I should
not vote for the printing. Fifteen hundred dol-
lars for the copy-right, I consider a wrong, a great
wrong. The amanuensis of the'eourt has also
charged $250 for making the copy, which I con-
sider an outrage; and the price of printing I re-
gard as a very high price; but the printing has
been done in good faith; the books have been dis-
tributed to different members of this body, and
they have circulated them among their constitu-
ents. There is no other way of paying for it
but that now proposed. The printer has done
the work. He bought the paper; he either paid
for it, or must have given his notes for it, and he
has given his note to the reporter of the Supreme
Court, awd to the clerk of the court; all has been
done in good faith. Therefore, in that spirit of
kindness and courtesy, which I have seen always
control this body, I shall vote for the payment.
Mr. PUGrH. I dislike the use of the phrase
" copy-right," and would prefer that my friend
from Louisiana would substitute some phrase ex-
pressing his own present opinion. I agree with
him that we ought to pay this gentleman for the
injury we have done the circulation of his volume;
but I suppose no Senator claims seriously, or im-
agines, that a reporter has a copy-right m what
he did not write himself—the opinion of the
judges.
As to the objection of the Senator from Maine
and the Senator from Michigan, that this would be
a violation of the compensation act, it seems tome
only necessary to read the section of the law.
This is section fifth:
"■And he it further enacted* That if any books shall hete-
after be urdeied to, and leeeived by, members of Congic^s,
by a losnlution of either or both Houses of Congress, the
pi ice paid tor the same shall be deducted from the compen-
sation hereinbefore provided foi &ueh memberor member?*:
Provided, kotccvcr, That this shall not extend to books or-
deied to be pi uited by the Public Printer, dining the Con-
gress for winch the said member shall have been elected."
This book was printed by the Public Printer,
and would have been ordered by the Senate if the
vote had been taken. This is a ratification of the
order. It is an order now for all practical pur-
poses. Senators might just as well claim that
we are bound to deduct the cost of all the Ja-
pan books, and all the Pacific railroad books, for.
they were not literally reports from executive
Departments; they were documents given to us
for information. However, if there is any con-
troversy about it, I am willing you should take
out of my compensation, my share of the Dred
Scott book, and the other Senators who received
it may make a like deduction.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will move the amendment
my friend from Ohio suggests, to strike out the
words "copy-right and," and also the word
4< oiheis," from the resolution; and it will then
read:
'• In full for all charges incident to the, said publication."
Mr. EVANS. If there is any error in relation
to the use of the word " copy-right," it is mine;
I inserted it. I wrote the report, and I wrote the
amendment of the committee. I did not examine
to see whether it was so or not; but I assumed
from the conversations I had and the way m which
the first resolution was worded, that the reporter
had some exclusive privilege. I did not know
from whence it originated or how it originated;
but I supposed there was an exclusive privilege or
a copy-right in his volume. I do not understand
that he is a salaried officer exactly; but he is en-
titled to whatever he can make by his book. I
supposed he had entered it, and had some copy-
right. The error was mine; and I do not object
to the amendment of the Senator from Louisiana.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not rise to prolong the
discussion of the subject, but merely to state that,
looking either at the abuse which was intended
to be remedied by the act of 1856, or at the lan-
guage of the law as I read it, I do not think the
by £
