1752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
trains, passing to California or to Oregon, should
go peaceably. We might have provided a mili-
tary escort, to some extent, to protect the emi-
grant trains. Any of these plans would have been
better than to have incurred the enormous ex-
penditure which we are likely to incur by having
a war with these Mormons, who will undoubtedly
consider it as religious persecution, and which
will tend to establish them permanently some-
where, and link them together by new sympa-
thies, by the recollection of commonpersecutions,
for years and years beyond the time they would
endure, if we had let them alone.
This would have been according to the practice
of our Presidents heretofore. When it was pro-
posed to nullify the laws of the United States in
the State of South Carolina, did General Jackson
dare to institute any military expedition on his
own discretion and authority? South Carolina
not only threatened resistance, but was actually
organizing her forces, disciplining them regu-
larly, providing arms and munitions of war, ex-
pressing thestrongestdetermination that a people
could express, to carry out their principles. And
what did General Jackson do? He laid the case
before Congress, asked their advice and opinion,
and they passed a law which, although it was
called the bloody bill at the time, was very mild
in its provisions. The first gieatobject was to se-
cure the regular collection of the revenue, and
then if there were obstructions to the execution
of the law! of the United States m the State of
South Carolina, it was provided that if any case
of that sort should arise, and it should be notified
to the President by an associate judge of the Su-
preme Court, or a judge of the district court, the
President might use the same means that he was
authorized to employ under the act of 1795, after
complying with the prerequisites of that act.
Then, again, that act was not permitted to be in
existence more than a year. Congress, under all
the excitement, and the determined spirit of the
majority to have the laws executed, were not will-
ing to trust even General Jackson with the exer-
cise of unlimited discretion under the acts of 1795
and 1807, as revived, with some modification, in
the act of 1833, for more than one year. They
required the matter to come back for the revision
of Congress, for the repeal or modification of the
law at the end of a year.
Now, I should hlce to know whether this dis-
cretion that is exercised by the President would
be a safe one in contingencies that it is not im-
probable may arise in the history of this country?
Suppose California should decide to separate her-
self from the Union; suppose she should resist the
laws of the United States, or offer such obstruc-
tions that they could not be carried into execu-
tion, either in regard to the inineials, or the pub-
lic lands, or any other matter; or suppose she
should decide, in convention or by her Legisla-
ture, that she would resist the authorities of the
United States: would you be willing to leave it to
the President at his discretion to order the Ai my
and jNavy, without consulting Congress, and to
make contracts, under the discretionary powers
of law which exist, for immense quantities of
supplies of subsistence and arms? Take a case
of less importance: suppose the Territory of Ore-
gon should go off because we should not admit
her into the Union as soon as she thought she
was entitled to admission; or suppose the Terri-
tory of Washington should set up the standard of
independence: would it be safe* or proper to allow
the President of the United States to institute mil-
itary expeditions, without consulting Congress,
and to make contracts, under the discretionary
power which it seems to be necessary, to some
extent, to vest in the War Department and quar-
termaster general's department, as they have ex-
ercised it m this case? Yet the principle asserted
in this case would give that authority; and this
precedent, if we allow it to pass without rebuke,
would authorize him, in his own discretion, if an
occurrence like that I have indicated should take
place in the vacation between the two sessions of
Congress, to institute a military expedition, to
take the question into his own hands, and to place
it in such an aspect that Congress could but sec-
ond the policy, whatever it might be, that he chose
to institute m regard to it. So, if the standard of
opposition weie erected in one of the States on
the Atlantic coast, ought any President to dare,
without calling Congress together, to make war
upon that State, either to summon the militia of
the neighboring States or use the regular Army,
according to his ideas of what is expedient to be
done for the honor and dignity of this great Gov-
ernment?
I think there are many gentlemen here who
would revolt at the idea of allowing such a dis-
cretion to be vested in the President; and yet what
is the difference between the exercise of his dis-
cretion in that case and the present ? To a great
extent, in principle, they are the same. It is a
most dangerous power, not only m reference to
the peace of the country, and the interests of the
country generally, but more especially and par-
ticularly in reference to our frontier." Take the
case of Utah, which lies at a distance of twelve
hundred miles from your outposts. I believe a
barrel of flour cannot be got there, including all
the cost of transportation, for less than forty or
fifty dollars. Will you allow the President to
have the discretion of stationing an army of three
or five thousand men in such a position ? There
might be points on the Rocky Mountains and on
the Pacific coast where it would cost even more;
where there would be greater extravagance in the
prices of sup plies of all kinds to maintain an army.
Those are abuses which we may expect to arise
hereafter, if, without passing any opinion on this
case, we vote what is demanded. If we enter no
protest against such a discretion, we may expect
all these consequences to arise hereafter.
Sir, I shall not go into any further details to
show the necessity of the Senate expressing some
opinion on this subject. I understand that the
amendmcntoffered by the honorable Senator from
Maine provides fully for all the deficiencies of the
present year; and it only curtails the appropri-
ations for supplying five thousand six hundred
men in Utah for a year to come. I think we may
well wait a month, until the end of the session,
and see whether that will he necessary.
What restiamts have we m making these con-
tracts ? The honorable Senator from Virginia
says the contacts must be made, or the supplies
cannot be furnished this year. That may be true
to a certain extent; but they need not be made in
the month of May or the month of June, for the
late expedition was not started until nearly the
last of September. If wc appi opriate now, in ad-
vance, the full amount of the moneys that it is
considered may possibly be necessary to support
the additional troops to be sent to Utah, what re-
straint is there upon the War Department or the
quartermaster's department from making1 extrav-
agant contracts, when you leave them the power
to use their discretion anyhow, as seems to be
conceded by most gentlemen, and contended for
by the honorable Senator from Virginia? If you
vote the seven or eight millions asked for now,
that will cover between thiee and four million dol-
lars for this year's deficiencies, and over three
million dollars for the next year's service, upon
an estimate made out by General Jesup, of the
ultimatum of what will be demanded, supposing
the troops sent out. there will not amount to more
than fifty-six hundred. Ought we not to keep
something in reserve? Ought there not to be some
check ? The general depression of business has
thi own a great many men here, seeking jobs and
contacts under the Government, who would not
appear here under ordinary circumstances. The
vultures are all around us. They come to live,
and got into some enterprise, some business, by
which largo profits can be made out of the Gov-
ernment. Here we have a quasi war, which af-
fords them the opportunity; and we are about to
i vote all that is asked by the proper Department
' for the expenditures of the next year. Well, sir,
will they not make the contiacts for the lull
amounts? 1 shall detain the Senate no longer.
Mr. DQOLITTLE. Mr. President, the amend-
ments offered by the honorable Senator from
j^VIame meet my concurrence,and I shall £ive them
j my support, and unless those amendments are
adopted, or substantially adopted, 1 shall feel con-
strained to vote against this bill. I shall not de-
tain the Senate by giving my reasons for doing
so, at length; but I desire in a single word, to say,
I once supposed that the power both of the sword
and the purse in this Government was in Con-
gress; that although the President was Command-
er-in-Chief, and controlled and used the sword,
when it was drawn by Congress, { still had al-
ways supposed that Congress alone gave the word
when to draw it; that the war-making power was
in Congress, and Congress alone, and that, in this
respect, we had made a great advance upon the
monarchical Governments of the Old World. But,
sir, it was said the other day by the honorable
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Slideli-,] upon the
floor of the Senate, and I am compelled, with re-
luctance, to admit that, perhaps, what he said was
true:
" It is useless to disguise that although the war-making
power is given by the Constitution to Congress, any Presi-
dent can so conduct ourforeign relationsibatCongiess will-
have but to choose the alternative of sustaining him or dis-
gracing the country in the eyes of the world."
No one better understands, or more truly repre-
sents the views of the present Administration here
than that Senator.
So that, in truth, so far as war with foreignna-
tions is concerned, if this declaration of his be
true—and I do not know but that it has come to
be true—the war-making power is really, sub-
stantially, in the hands of the Executive. As
against foreignGovernments the sword, therefore,
is his.
Plow is it in relation to any domestic wars ?
Under a specious pretense, a new contrivance of
modern growth, the Army of the United States,
for all domestic purposes, has become a mere posse
comitatus—yes, sir, a posse comitatus; and as such
the President of the United States claims the ab-
solute, unlimited power to send the whole Army
of the United States from one end of our domain
to the other. It is as a posse comitatus that he has
sent them to Utah, and so he states in his mes-
sage.
I appointed a new Governor and other Federal officers ,
for Utah, and sent them with a military force for their pro-
tection and to aid as a fiosse comitatus in ease of need in the
execution of the laws "
Under this specious pretense that the Army of
the United States is a jipsse comitatus, complete
control is in his hands, or assumed to be it>his
hands, over the Army of the United States; and
the power of the sword, therefore, in reference to
all our domestic affairs is in the hands of the Pres-
ident, and not in the hands of Congress.
Now, sir, where is the power over the purse?
I understand it is claimed that while in every
other Department of the Government no contracts
can be entered into for the expenditure of money,
unless the money has been specifically appropri-
ated by Congress for a specific object, that in the
quartermaster-general's department — that is to
say, in relation to all those matters which are ne-
cessaiy to sustain the Army, to contract for the
purchase of arms and supplies, and for the trans-
portation of troops, it is all within the power of
the Piesulent without any special act of Congress;
and that contracts may be entered into, binding
upon the Government, binding upon its good
faith, without any act of Congress, to an unlimited
amount. It is assumed, too—and that is the very
power which has been exercised since this Con-
gress convened—that during the session of Con-
gress, contracts may be entered into involving
millions upon millions of dollars; contracts which
are to run for period of more than two years, in
violation of the spirit, if not of the express words,
of the* Constitution; and that, too, while Congress
is in actual session, and without the advice of
Congress. If it be not an illegal assumption of
power, is it not a dangerous abuse of power?
Sir, put these three things together: the one, as
stated by the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
that m our foreign relations the President has the 
: power to involve us m war whether Congress is'
willing or not; the other, that our whole Army
may be ordered from one end of the Union to the
other, as a mere posse comitatWs in ali domestic
operations; and add this third and more dangerous
of ali others, the unlimited power of entering into
contracts for the support of the Army and Navy,
and where are w§ ? Why, sir, the sword and the
purse both are substantially in the hands of the
President.
For one, I desire to protect against sanctioning
the assumption and exercise of this power by the
Executive, by voting for these enormous appro-
priations which are ro run on through a period of
years. Sir, where are we tending? I repeat the
question of the honorable Senator who sits by me,
[Mr. Trumbull,] whither do we tend? Where
are we now? Are we at Washington or are we
at St. Petersburg}! ? Are we on the banks of the
Potomac or on the banks of the Seme ? Is this
