1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
sons. The abuse which it was intended to rem-
edy was the furnishing to members of Congress
documents for their own personal use for which
ultimately money was to be accepted in lieu of
books. The language of the section, as I read it,
would not prevent our making the present order.
Jf I thought so, I should vote against it.
The question being taken on the resolution as
amended, by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 33,
liays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ailen, Bajard, Benjamin, Bigg;,, Biirler,
Bright, Broderiek, IJrown, Cameron, Clay, Davis, Dixon,
Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatuck, Foster,Green, Hale, Hammond^
Houston, Hunter. Iverson, Johnson of Tennvssee, Jones,
Kenneth', Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Slide!!, Thomson of New
Jersey, Toombs, Wright, and Yulee—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Doohtlle, Durkee, Fessonden. Hamlin,
Haila.i, King, Seward, Stuart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—12.
So the resolution was adopted.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 79) to
increase the military establishment of the United
States; the pending question being on the motion
of Mr. Toombs, to strike but the first section of
the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, having already
consumed the time of the Senate to a greater ex-
tent than I had anticipated, I shall endeavor to
close my remarks very soon. Yesterday, in the
progress of a re vie w of the various objections made
to the bill, I noticed those points that relate to
efficiency and economy. I undertook to show, at
that time, that it was better all the duties of our
peace establishment, as it is called, should be per-
formed by regular troops, than by the frequent
calling out of the militia. I endeavored, also, to
indicate at that time the sources of the increase
in the expenditure of the Army, and to show that
this was the result of the remote points at which
the Army was serving; it was the result of the vast
expense of transportation to those remote points;
it was the result of the increased cost ofeverything
which entered into the consumption and the active
employment of the Army.
I do not recollect whether or not I stated another
very essential difference: being that, whilst at the
time the comparison of which I spoke was insti-
tuted, we had no mounted force except a small
amount of light artillery, we now have nearly one
third of the amount of the Army mounted; and
that portion of the Army almost constantly in
active service. Horses which at that time were
worth sixty or seventy dollars, cost last year §176';
forage has risen in the same proportion; and, as
the loss of horses in the service of the United States
has been referred to, I invite attention to the eases
which I cited yesterday, and others of a like kind,
where Indians had been pursued by troops for
hundreds of miles withoutcessation,passingover
sixty, and sometimes even eighty miles, almost,
scarcely without drawing the rein, m pursuit of an
enemy as wily, as brave, and, mounted on hoises,
neai ly as fleet as the Arabs of the desert, over a
country quite as inhospitable, and in which it is
equally difficult to obtain water or food necessa-
ry to sustain a horse. Undergoing this severe
fatigue under excessive heat, is it matter of sur-
prise that horses, drawn immediately from the
farms where theyhave been purchased, and forced
into such service as this, should sink under the
trial—should require to be renewed, and that the
expenditure should be great, as they must be sup-
plied not only at the high rates of the market, but
at the accumulated value they have when trans-
ported to these remote points ?
The distribution which is to be madeofthegross
amount of expenditure, according to the statement
read by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
jamin,] is not a distribution upon the heads of the
soldiers. For a fair comparison, reference must
be had to the different character of troops; and it
will be readily seen that the simple division of a
gross sum to be applied to a variety of objects
cannot give a result which will express the cost
of the soldier truly. The sum he has stated is, I
believe, perhaps about that which a mounted sol-
dier costs in the Army. Taking the troops serv-
ing at these remote points, engaged in these ex-
peditions, and taking the cost of forage, and the
supplying of remount horses, I believe it will
amount to what he stated, $1,000 per capita; but
this surely is not to bo taken as the average cost
oi the Army, it being not the man only, but the
horse also, and the cost of both depending on the
locality of service. Equally delusive is the com-
parison made between the cost of this date and
i that selected, there being no cavalry at the former
I period, and the posts being then convenient to the
| great markets of the country, and contiguous to
productive settlements.
I have never, I believe, either in my former or
present service in the Senate, referred to any criti-
cism in a newspaper, or to a newspaper article,
and I do not intend to do so now in that character;
but the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] yesterday, introduced a newspaper arti-
cle, which, at that time, 1 had not read. Since it
has been introduced by a Senator to the Senate,
I will notice it; but otherwise I would not have
done so. It is a flippant article contained in the
Union of yesterday, in which the writer under-
takes to arraign the Committee on Military Affairs
of the Senate, and presumptuously, also, to ar-
raign the Senate, and, committing the most egre-
gious blunders, to stale what, under certain con-
tingencies, the Senate would have done. He
announces, after speaking of the wants, and delay
the Senate had made in attending to them:
"Strange as this delay is, its causes are yet stranger. The
increase recommended was by regiments. That recom-
mendation came JhU from the Lieutenant General com-
manding the Army, indorsed by the Secretary of War, and
finally approved by tile President. It can scarcely be
doubted, had the Military Committees, without delay, re-
ported a hill in conformity with these suggestions, it would
at this moment have been the law of the land, the i egiments
ill a forward state of recruiting, and arrangements in prog-
ress for their early march to their places of destination."
So far as that delay occurred in the committee,
it occurred during the period the committee were
collecting information and investigating the sub-
ject, to reach a result and bring that result to the
Senate. Then, sir, as to what the Senate would
have'done, that is not a matter of speculation.
The substitute presented by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Gwijj,] the very proposition of the
War Department, was voted upon, and it received
but eight votes in the Senate; and of those eight
votes, some Senators voted for it because they felt
it was a proposition so easily killed that they had
better substitute it for the bill of the committee,
with no desire that it should pass, with no intent
to sustain it, but simply adopting it as a means of
readily disposing of the whole question.
This article proceeds to deal with military mat-
ters, and informs the Senate and the committee
that all the knowledge oil military affairs is at the
other end of the avenue; and then the writer pro-
ceeds himself to launch out a little. Speaking of
the Army organization, he says:
" Indeed, on inquiry, we learn that two of eacli of the
twelve artilleiy compnmes aic intended lor light tield artil-
lery, and are not integrals of tile garrisonoiganization,which
conlorins to the other regiments, is of long standing, is the
basis of our systoin, Slate and Federal, and of the systems
of the European armies."
If he had happened to know a little about the
organization of the European armies, of which-
he speaks so confidently, he would have under- ;
stood that the artillery organization there is for
a wholly different purpose—a purpose for which
ours should be—and conforms to the idea which \
I once presented to the Senate, when in the War
Department, to make our artillery organization I
for the use of large guns, and not as they are now '
—infantry, merely wearing a different uniform, i
The article proceeds: j
" In fact, but a hasty glance at the books shows but one I
established system of regimental oigamzation in all these i
different arms, and we find the entire tactical system based \
oil battalion, squadron, regimental drill, and ariny evolu- '
tions, contemplating ten companies to each regiment."
The " glance" must have been "hasty "indeed
—hastierthana" plate ofsoup;"and itmusthave j
been oblique as well as hasty; otherwise it ccr- i
tainly must have occurred to the writer of this ■
article, who, it is apparent, is not as ignorant as
he is inclined willfully to misrepresent, that so far J
from this being a uniform organization, it is an j
exception in every army of Europe; that so far !
from ten companies being the universal organiza- !
tion, so far from the tactics depending on the i
number of companies, he will not find inanysys-j
tern of tactics the word "regiment" used. All |
our tactical organization is on the basis of the j
battalion; and a battalion in the European armies i
usually consists of some fraction of a regiment. (
A regiment may consist of one, two, three, four, 1
or six battalions, and in some circumstances it :
docs. There aie, in some services, regiments
running up from six to twenty-four companies.
he idea of ten companies being the basis recog-
nized all over the world as necessary for the tac-
tics, is an absurdity which a man who shows as
much knowledge of the affair of which he writes
as the writer of this article, cannot have com-
mitted with an honest purpose. Then he says:
"The mischief would not enif in deranging the fixed
Army basis, but would result in fundamentally chan in"
the militia organizations m all the States of the Union, aj
they have adopted the Army plan, and must always look to
it foi its system of drill and instruction. Here/Would he in-
calculable mischief and confusion."
Incalculable mischief and confusion by chang-
ing the number of companies in a regiment!—a
change that has been frequently made in our own
history, and which, in its reference to the tactics,
is not found to bear any relation at all, the whole
being intended fora certain number of companies
constituting a battalion; and itmerelyso happen-
ing that, when the tactics were prepared, ten com-
panies did constitute a regiment; and, therefore,
m assigning the captains to their posts in line,
they are assigned numerically on the basis of ten
companies to a regiment.
I wish it to be understood, sir, that it is because
the Senator from New Hampshire has introduced
this subject in the Senate, that I have departed
from what is the course I have heretofore pur-
sued, and stop to notice newspaper criticism on
the action of the committee, or of the Senate* or
of myself. In times past I have defied such crit-
icism, and I expect to do it in the future. I rely
upon the intelligence of thepeople to discriminate
between the scribbler who arraigns a public man
for the manner in which he performs his duty,
and the justice that truth requires, as it is to bo
elaborated by their own intelligent minds.
I pointed out, in my remarks yesterday, the
distinction between a-State and a Territory in re-
lation to the power of this Government to use its
military force. This brings me to a brief notice
of a remark in the President's message which re-
fers to the withdrawal of the troops in Kansas in
case Kansas should be admitted as a State. The
President sees, no doubt, that troops are required
elsewhere; and I agree with him, that if Kansas
becomes a State, she ought then to provide for
the execution af her own laws; and that if she
requires extraneous aid, it ought to be sought
only in the manner provided in the laws made in
conformity with the Constitution. I agree with
the President, that troops ought not to be quar-
tered in the State of Kansas, or any other State,
with a view to preserve civil order, and that the
troops will be disposable when Kansas shall be
admitted as a State. Whether peace will follow,
I do not know. That depends on whether the
people of Kansas are now fit to be a State. If •
they are fit to form and maintain a State and take
their place as equals in this Union, then they do
not require troops to be quartered in their midst in
order to preserve civil order. That is a question
which belongs to the future. In the mean time, I
take it for granted that the President will with-
draw the two thousand men heretofore kept, under
the requisition of Governor Walker, to preserve
peace m Kansas, and to suppress insurrection in
the event of her admission into the Union.
That, then, renders two thousand men dispos-
able for other service; but I submit to the Senate
whether it will justify us in keeping our troops
down to the presentestablishment. The long lines
to be occupied, the numerous posts required, in
addition to those we now have, demand an addi-
tional force. The committee have adopted a plan
which gives us an increase of the integral parts of
the Army. It was believed to be the most eco-
nomical which could be adopted for that purpose,
avoiding the very high expense that belongs to the
higher grades of officers in the regimental organ-
ization, preserving the present efficiency, and
opening in the future (when that future shall come
and which I do not pretend to foresee) aconvenient
mode of reducing the Army by striking one bat-
talion off each regiment; and if then, the President
possess the power, on a declaration of a war, to
restore this third battalion, it will rendereaeh regi-
ment one third larger on the war than oil the peace
establishment, ana they will go into the service
with that efficiency and reliability which belong
to discipline and instruction.
During the time I was particularly charged
with the administration of the War Department,
troops were kept m Kansas when I desired to
