1754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
years, and to send forward this spring the whole
subsistence for them during that time ! No man
in his senses would do that. I agree that you
may appropriate tfny amount of money that is
actually to be used this year, according to your
discretion; and if the Senator from Louisiana is
ready to say that, in his judgment, the army will
remain in Utah two years, and that he means to
justify the War Department in sending forward
this spring the necessary subsistence for those
two years, then he ought to vote for this appro-
priation;'!)^ I do not agree to that. I believe,if
that is the suggestion made, it is a mere evasion;
but I say again, that if the Department means,
what is now said for it, that it is intended to send
two years' supplies this spring to Utah, then I
am against it upon principles of economy, and I
will not vote the money. So that, take either
horn of the dilemma, I am against it. If it is now
proposed to appropriate money to be used at the
discretion of the Department during the coming
two years and three months, then I say you have
not the constitutional authority. If it is proposed
now to buy and send to Utah two years and three
months' provisions, then I am against it on the
score of cconomy. In neither event am I willing
to vote the money.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think there is some error
in the argument of the Senator from Michigan in
relation to this constitutional provision. The con-
stitutional provision is this:
" The Congre,-s shall have power to raise and support
armies, but no appropriation of money to that use shall be
for a longei term than two yeais."
No appropriation of money for the purpose of
raising and supporting armies shall be for a longer
period than two years. Now, sir, I do not un-
derstand that thai constitutional prohibition has
ever been so applied as to prevent Congress from
laying in stores or supplies; nor do 1 understand
that there is any impropriety in forwatding your
supplies to any point five yeais in advance, if you
please, where you may suppose that the future
exigencies of the Government may require those
supplies to be placed. Are we nnf sending nil iho
time armaments and munitions of war to Califor-
nia? Do we not put them in our fortifications ?
Do we not buy cannon? do we not buy supplies
for the Army every day* Do we not buy them
in large masses? 'is theie any constitutional pro-
hibition against that: It is not now proposed to
raise and support armies by an appropriation of
money for more than two yeais m advance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question. Does he contend that cannon
and ball are supplies for the support of an army ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir; not supplies for
the support of an army. The Constitution does
not, speak of buying arms.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. Read it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will read it:
aThe Congress shall have power to and support
ainues."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does that cover the pur-
" chase of cannon and munitions of war?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot understand how the
Army is to be supported unless it is provided with
arms and munitions of war. I do so understand
it, unquestionably. J understand the prohibition
of nppropiiatmg money for more than two years
in advance, for the purpose of raiding and support-
ing armies, to be a prohibition against the Con-
gress of the United States exercising its power—
its war-power of raising and supporting armies,
by providing m advance for more than two years
for maintaining and keeping up an army; but that
the Congiess of the United States is prohibited
from purchasing military stores of any class what-
ever ten years m advance I never understood. I
never supposed this prohibition of the Constitu-
tion applied to that, I huve never befoie heaid
it suggested. On the contrary, this Government
iVom th<? foundation has ever gone on the princi-
ple of accumulating all the necessary supplies,
which m time of war are frequently dear, and are
gathered with great cost—to make accumulations
of aU such supplies in time of peace to be ready
for any sudden ctjicrgeney.
I do not desire to detain the Senate by any con-
tinuation of thi«j debate, but I must say that there
have been some sentiments thrown out here that
seem lo me entirely unjust towards the Adminis-
tration of the Government. I stand hero as no
peculiar supporter of the Administration; but,
when I hear gentlemen complaining of an abuse
of power—of the President's usurping the war-
making power, and usurping the purse of the
country, when Congress alone has control over
the Army and the purse—I think they are entirely
misstating the case. A few words as to the facts
which have led to this expedition.
There is a community m the recesses of the
Rocky Mountains, which has been organized by
the Government of the United States into a Ter-
ritory. By degrees, the peculiar religious tenets
of this people have been developed until it is found
that, so far from being capable of maintaining a
republican form of government, their religious be-
lief makes it necessary for them to yield implicit
obedience to their priesthood—a form of religious
belief evidently incompatible with the existence
of republican institutions. This has been devel-
oped to its full extent only since the Territory was
organized. I speak not of their peculiar institu-
tions in relation to polygamy. However much
we may reprehend them, in my judgment, it is a
matter with which Congress has no concern; but
we have concern with their opinions and princi-
ples, so far as they render impracticable a repub-
lican form of government. To that extent we are
authorized to inquire into their institutions.
The Government of the United States has had
its civil officers there for some yeais past; and
within the last eighteen months, such facts have
become developed as made it apparent that the
civil officers of the Government were not safe in
their persons or property, nor in the exercise of
their duties and functions as vested in them by
the law of the land. We know that civil and ju-
dicial officers of the Government have fled from
that Tei ntory, and have brought to the President
of the United States complaints that they were
unable to peifoim their duties under the law, be-
cause held in terror of loss of life by threats em-
anating from the lanati^al portion of the Mormon
people—possibly from their vei y piiesfs who gov-
ern them. The Territory was without public offi-
cers. It was the duty of the President to provide
them. We confii med them. Now, the President
sends out his oiHeeis under circumstances in which
it has become apparent that they reinure some pro-
tection. What u as his duty ? Was it his duty
to ask these officers to go there to be again driven
away; to again conn; back to him with tales of vio-
lence, and tlueats of terror exercised over them?
What would gentlemen all around me have said,
if he had taken that course? They would have
said that the President had been derelict m his
duty. They would have said that the Constitu-
tion made him executor of the laws of his coun-
try. They would have said that the Constitu-
j turn vested m lum full power to use the Aimy
ami Navy of the United States as Command* r-m-
Cluef; and that it was his duty, m the Territories
governed under the laws of the United States, to
give protection to the civil powers against lawless
invasion. What, then, did the Prcsidentdo f Had
he not a right to order troops to march from one
part of the United States to the other? Was that
a usurpation of the war power—the order to our
troops to match upon our own Territory ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the gentleman will al-
low me, I will state that the President states that
they are ordered there as a posse comitatus.
Mr. 3 3 EN J AMiN. Exactly. I am coming to
that. The gentleman need not fear my shirking
any part of the argument. lam not afraid of any
part of it. The civil officers arc ordered to Utah,
and the President of the United States upon our
territory orders our armies to march. Does he
give instructions of hostility? Does he direct a
blow to be stricken, or a shot to be fired ? No,
sir. Ele has been guilty of no usurpation. Pie
has done naught but his duty. He has sent his
civil officers there to perform their civil duties.
What next? Proof is brought to him that the
wagons containing the supplies for the army
have been waylaid, the teamsters attacked and
driven off, and' the public provisions of the coun-
try plundered by marauding bands of Mormons;
or in other words, proof is brought to him of an
actual commencement of hostility by persons
owing allegiance to the Government. What was
the President to dothen ? What was it his duty
to do then? Was it his duty to leave our troops
thus lawfully ordered into this distant Territory
without supplies? Was not that the very ease
provided for in your law? Let me read another
law that has not yet been referred to:
" The President of the United States be, and he is hereby
empoweied, as he may deem it expedient, either to appoint
for the tune being a special commissaiy or commissaues for
the purpose of supplying by puichase or contract and of is-
suing, or to authorize any officer or officers in the quarter-
master general's department to supply and issue as afore-
said the whole or any part of the subsisten.ee of the Army in
all cases, where either from the want of contractors or from
any deficiency on their part, or from any other contingency,
such measures as may be deemed proper and necessary in
order to ensure the subsistence of the Army, or any part
thereof."
Mr. POLK. What is the date of that, sir ?
, Mr. BENJAMIN. That law was passed in
1813. The subsequent laws I read yesterday.
They organized a commissary general of pur-
chases; they authorized the Secretary of War in
all cases of| exigency to direct purchases to be made
without contract and without notice, and then all
the powers that were by this act vested in the
commissary general of purchases are, by a subse-
quent law, vested in the quartermaster's depart-
ment.
With our troops there in a distant Territory,
with attacks made on them, the President of the
United States has deemed it his duty to contract
for supplies and to forward them, as he was not
only authorized to do, but as he was bound to do,
in the execution of his duty to the country. Last
spring nobody heard a word against the propriety
of sending outamilitary escort to protect thecivil
officers of the Government when they were threat-
ened. Nobody then pretended that it was a usurp-
ation of governmental powers; and in all the pub-
lic papers of the country, even those which rep-
resent the views of gentlemen on this side of the
Chamber who sit around me, I have never yet
seen the power questioned on the part of the Ex-
ecutive to send protection to our civil officers into
our own Territories, when they arc attacked, when
war is commenced by blind fanatics and insur-
gents, who themselves make incursions upon the
supply trains of the Government. Was the Pres-
ident then to stopp Was he to let the supplies of
the Government be plundered? Was he to call
back the troops, or was he to back them himself?
That was the question, and the only question,
which he and his Cabinet had to decide. The
tioops were there; they were attacked by insur-
gents. A moment's hesitation, any indication of
doubt or of withdrawal on the part of the Pres-
ident or his Cabinet, would have encouraged these
men in their insurrection, would have encouraged
them in the belief that they could back down the
Government, as gentlemen propose that they
shall now succeed in doing.
The Piesident considered it to be his duty, and
in that I fully approve his course, to send rein-
forcements to the army, to contract for supplies,
to foiwaid them in time, to assure the troops not
only of the moral but of the material aid and sup-
port which in that distant country they had a
light to expect from those charged with the ad-
ministration of public affairs; and gentlemen rep-
resent this as usurpation of the war power—a
usurpation of the purse. It is neither one nor the
other. It is the discharge of a high executive
duty, in seeing that the laws be faithfully execu-
ted, and in protecting the proper officers of the
Govei nmcnt with its militai y force, in protecting
its civil officers against invasion, onslaught, and
perhaps murder, by these people m Utah, who
seem to regard then/selves as sole sovereigns of
I the whole interior-of this continent, to defy and
| deride the power of this Government.
| Under these circumstances, I cannot hesitate to
I back the Government. It is a public duty, which
! 1 should think myself derelict to every principle
I of duty in not carrying out to its fullest extent,
j I think that this is not a time to examine very
, closely into estimates of this character. The Gov-
ernment requires aid. We aie informed that our
army there requires supplies, and that those sup-
plies must be forwarded now. Let us undertake
reform when we come to the general appropria-
tion bills, not at this moment, when these appro-
priations are so urgently required by the public
service.
I am sorry to have detained the Senate; I did
not mean to say a word; but I have been urged
to what I have said by the remarks of gentlemen
around me.
Mi. TRUMBULL. I take it, sir, that we live
under aconstitutionalGovernment; that the pow-
