ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
get them out, not that I did not believe occasions
were occurring where they might be useful—and
they proved more useful than I believed they
would be—but. on accountof the difficulties which
then existed on our frontier. Theeampaign which
had been projected against the Cheyennes was
paralyzed by the keeping of troops in Kansas.
Those troops were waited on the frontier to pre-
serve peace; they were wanted on the frontier to
punish Indians who had committed acts of hos-
tility; but they were detained m Kansas from day
to day, from month to month, and year to year.
We looked to the time when peace in Kansas
would relieve the Government of the necessity of
keeping them there. Time rolled on,and the ne-
cessity still continued. When those necessities
are to cease, I am notable to foretell.
In the mean time you are aware that a small
army has been thrown forward to preserve order
and maintain the laws in the Territory of Utah.
I shall not follow Senators in a discussion of the
propiiety of making that expedition against Utah.
I believe, and I will say so much now, that the
elementsof disintegration were in the community
of Mormons established in Utah; 1 believe that
physical causes and moral causes were conjointly
working together to break up that peo le. I be-
lieved then, and I am rather inclined to the opin-
ion now, that if we had stood still they would
have stjiarated; that it required the compressive
force of active movements against them to bring
them into submission to their great leaders, to
bring in the colonies that had been thrown off
from the mother settlement at Salt Lake, back to
the grand church, and to unite them under a bond
of fanaticism that now makes them effective
againstany military force that you can probably
send there.
But these are questions which belong to the past,
and speculation upon which cannot guide our con-
duct in the future. The Government of the Uni-
ted States has thrown forward its troops on the
trail of the Salt Lake. They aie in the mountains
now, a small body of men; perhaps sufficient, if
they had started in time to have gone through to j
Salt Lake, to discharge their duty; but, checked
in the mountains, it is probable that before spring
arrives their animals will have been so reduced',
so many will have been lost, that they will be
without the ability to move. If the commander of
that expedition, Colonel Johnston, has the trans-
portation which will enable him to move, he will
subdue resistance with the force he has. I speak
it with a confidence which grows out of a lonu; ac-
quaintance, both in the garrison and in the field;
but my apprehension is that he will not have the
power to move, for the want of transportation;
. that he must stand where he is until he is rein-
forced.
Now let us see what is necessary to reinforce
him. The column with which he moved was no
larger than was necessary for its own security and
the security of its supplies. Then the column that
goes to reinforce him, if it were only with pro-
visions and animals of draught, must be as large
as the original column, and it must be larger still,
because the train will be increased; and thus you
will go on from year to year with every additional
train of supplies you send out; sending a detach-
ment of troops at least equal to, 1 believe it must
be larger than, the original column which went
forth under the command of-Colonel Johnston.
Year by year, then, as you delay, you will con-
tinue to increase the expenditure and increase the
column that you are annually to send out. A col-
umn may come back, but the expense will not be
the less for tiiat reason. Your expenditure is to
grow annually until this matter is terminated in
one way or the other, [fit is to be terminated by
bringing the Mormons to submission to the Gov-
ernment of the United States by force, cleaily,
then, wisdom, both m relation to treasure and the
honor of the country, require that ail efficient force
should be thrown forward at once, and that the
act should be accomplished in the first months of
the ensuing summer.
On the other hand, it may be that they win make
no armed resistance,; that they will fly to the
mountains, hang in the gorges to harass trains
and cut off emigrants. We then stand but in the
same category. This army of occupation stilt is
to be maintained; it is still to be supplied—sup-
plied by a column capable of covering its lengthy
train over the long march it must mike through
that arid, desert country, and thus annually you
incur the same expense, if the object be merely
to hold possession; whilst the rebels of the set-
tlement at Salt Lake are scattered through the
mountain passes, and lying in wait to capture the
emigrant trains or the trains of Government sup-
plies.
What other means may be in the power of the
Administration to adopt to terminate this diffi-
culty, is not within my knowledge, it may be
that these people would be willing to withdraw
from the controversy with the United States, and
not being willing, on account of their re'igious
oaths, to submit to the laws, and to surrender their
hierarchical government, yet might be willing to
leave the limits of the United States, and go to
some remote region, if they had the means so to
migrate; for I holdall speculation founded on the
supposition that they are to go away in the spring
to parts unknown, must prove entirely deceptive.
No community ever had the transportation that
would carry the whole body-politic to some re-
mote country, and bear with them supplies to sus-
tain them until other supplies could be grown in
the country to which they had gone. They have
no people waiting with open arms to receive them.
Whereverlhey go, they are probably to meet with
the hostility of the Govern men tin to whose country
they enier. Unless they seek some island in the
Pacific, 1 know of no place they can go where the
Government will open Us gates to receive tliem.
Then they go not to find shelter, not to receive
supplies; but they go bearing with tliem the sup-
plies that are to support tliem, not merely during
the march, but for a< least six rronths after they
have arrived at the place of destination. Is it not,
then, apparent that they cannot go without the aid
of the United States? If they wish to go, 1 would
not only acknowledge in tliem the right of'expa-
triation, if, indeed, they be citizens of the United
States, but I would willingly give as much money,
and more, too, than tLie campaign would cost, thus
lo get rid of them. I would much rather pay
money to let tliem go peaceably than pay money
to drive them away by shedding the blood of
American inhabitants on American soil by Amer-
ican arms. Deluded fanatics—criminals they may
be—I want not their blood shed by the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Passing to the next supposition, if they shall
reti i e, a force will be required to keep in check the
Indians who surround them, already stimulated
to hostility, holding a mountain region which can
never be possessed by an agricultural people; in-
deed it required such associated labor as fanati-
cism only could command ever to enable the Mor-
mons to support themselves in the valley of Salt
Lake. Through that country our emigrant routes
require constant military protection; and if the
Mormons were out of the United States, still a
force must be kept along those routes, or moving
at stated periods across the continent to give pro-
tection to our emigrants traveling from the valley
of the Mississippi to the slopes of the Pacific.
I do not see how we are to look forward, from
any possible conclusion of this Mormon difficulty,
to a reduction of the Army; and it was because
of these and other things, with which I will not
weary the Senate, (for I have already occupied
too much of their time,) that I stated, in a very
early period of this debate, that I did not propose
a temporary inciease, and that I could not anti-
cipate the day when the reduction would come.
This was the honest avowal of opinions which
resulted from a somewhat careful examination of
the subject.
During the last year I was in the War Office,
an examination of the condition of that country
and of the emigrant routes, and of the probable
future, induced me to project a campaign which
was to have started last spring, and to have gone
across by the Salt Lake and through the Klamath
valley, which was known to be filled with hostile
Indians, to the slopes of the Pacific m the Tern
tory of Oregon. That campaign was broken up;
and the only reason I have ever known was, that
it was thought to be too late for it to start. Pro-
visions had been thrown forward as far as Fort
Laramie, and every disposition had been made to
render the campaign certain of success. When-
ever they start, they will have to start later than
the period when the order for that campaign was
countermanded.
Mr. SEWARD. What time was that?
j Mr. DAVIS. I think in May.
I Mr. SEWARD. Flow soon do you think that
| Colonel Johnston's expedition can go forward ?
j Mr. DAVIS. I should thmk not before June,
if they have the transportation. I think the snows
1 will interfere with him, and it will be late before
1 giass springs up on that portion of the route which
: lies between the valley he now occupies and the
j valley of the Salt Lake. I think under favorable
' circumstances only could he move as early as the
! 1st of June.
! Among the amendments to the bill which have
: been suggested, one is to reduce the establishment
I at the termination of this campaign. I will offer
! no objection to that, because tiiat is merely refer-
| ring the question to the wisdom of the future. I
i have not, in any remarks that I have made, in-
; tended to offer any objeciion to a proposed reduc-
! tion fuither than tins; 1 deemed it due tomyself
to declare that i could not say that I believed,at
that time, we could agree to a reduction. If the
Senate decide it now, I have lio objection to the
provision being made now; no more than post-
poning it to that tune. Whenever the time comes
that the Army can be reduced, 1 shall be as ready
to vote for its reduction in any form which may
be practicable, with our theory of a skeleton peace
establishment, as any one. 1 have no particular
objection to the amendment winch the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Putin] has proposed; though I
will say to him, in relation to the additional sur-
geons, that that does not depend on the size of ihe
Army; it depends on the number of posts. The
number id' surgeons that may be requm d will de-
pend on the manner ill which the Army is dis-
tributed and administered.
When the four regiments were asked by the
last Administration, no increase of the medical
suilf was asked, because the policy of that Ad-.
1 ministration was to concentrate the troops into
j larger bodies, relying for the control of the In-
i dians more on campaigns than posts, and thus to
! diminish the number of medical officers who would
| be required, which docs not depend on the num-
ber of troops, but on the number of parts into
which you divide your Army. Wenow have some
forty-two private physicians employed. They
aie generally employed at remote points, without
any possibility of knowing whether they are com-
petent or not; and the soldier, prostrated by dis-
ease at a point where he cannot possibly get a phy-
sician oil private account, is turned over to some-
body whom the Department cannot know. That
is the present condition. We ask foran increase
of fifteen assistant-suigeons, which is only a part
of the whole number of private physicians now
employed; but by employing those piivate phy-
j siciaus at recruiting stations and at posts near to
cities, it will be possible to avoid the evil which
is felt when the necessity occurs of employing a
piivate physician on the Army frontier. It wiil
be economy. You get not only persons of whose
, competency you have the power to judge, but you
1 get them at a much lower rate than it is possible
j to hire private physicians.
Looking hopefully forward to the end ofallpres-
j ent difficulties, Senators have proposed to fix a
time and manner of reducing our military estab-
lishment. There aie many piacticable methods
of leduction. i have mentioned one this morning
—cutting oil' a certain number of companies from
each legiment, and leaving the regimental organi-
zation entire, so as to give the readiest increase
m time of war. Pteduce the number of companies
to eight, which gives you the battalion; oui pres-
entsystem being,in a regiment of ten, to call eight
battalion companies, and two flank companies;
sometimes the two are called light companies;
sometimes the two are called one light company
I and one grenadier company; but the ninth and
j tenth companies are flank companies; they are
i not companies of the battalion at all. Our organ-
ization is the battalion.
! But we have been told that there is not the
> power to reduce the Army; and why not' Ttie
j Senator iiom Texas says it is on account of the
graduates of the Military Academy, and that it
| is necessary even to increase the Army to make
: places for them. That is a question of figures.
, The number of graduates did not equal the num-
! berof casualties thaioccurieU last yeui; a number
| ot appointments were made from civil life and one
j from the ranks of the Army. There were vacan-
i cies winch occurred in the Army after absorbing
