1756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
refused- to reappoin t h im, because he had thus ex-
ceeded his authority. There was an excess of
authority, I admit; but it originated in a mistake.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is admitted, I un-
derstand,'that here is one provision in this bill
appropriating §220,000 to pay a debt incurred
without authority of law. About that there is no
dispute; but it is said the officer who incurred this
debt has not been reappointed. True, sir, not in
California; but I understand he has been appointed
surveyor general of Utah.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will allow me to
say it is no debt unless we choose to assume it.
If we pass this bill , we assume it. It is addressed
to our discretion whether we will pay it or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee recommends us to assume it.
Mr. HUNTliR. I do.
Mr. TR.UMBULL. He acknowledges it as a
deb't; and so far fiom the officer who contracted
this debt meeting with the disapprobation of the
Government, it seems he has been merely trans-
ferred from one office to another, from one appoint-
ment to another. It is suggested near me, that
liaving created all the debt which he conveniently
could create in California, he has been transferred
to a new scene of action, in order, 1 suppose, to
transcend his authority a second time.
Mr. GWIN. The gentleman did not accept
the office, and has no office at all now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was tendered to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he has not accepted it,
it does not change the responsibility of the Ad-
ministration. They appointed him, and if he has
not accepted it they are entitled to no credit, for
they have shown that they were willing, after an
officer had run the Government in debt, as is now
admitted, without authority of law, for more than
two hundred thousand dollars in the mattm- of
surveys, (for this is a vast sum when you consider
the subject-matter to which it relates,) to offer him
another appointment. Itseenis, however, tbathe
felt ashamed, if 1 am to draw the inference fiom
what the Senator from California says, after having
done this, to accept a second office, and has not
taken it.
Mr. 1JARLAN. The Senator from Illinois has
referred to the section of the bill which 1 intended
to move to strike out.yesterday, but I was notified
by the Chair that my motion would not then be in
order. The Senator from Virginia has notgiven
a correct explanation. In the report of the Sec-
retary of the Intenor, communicating the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
is the explanation of the surveyorgeneralof Cal-
ifornia, quoted in his own words. He says:
" The amount of the woik eminaeed in the 001m acts ex-
isting pioviouslv to niv liu-t repoit, as well as tlx; tew that
have been let since, was not, a- a seneuil tlun<4, limited, as
a moie prudent cuui.-.e may probably have indicated"—
So that there was no mistake commuted, it
would seem from the explanation given by the
surveyor general himself. Bat he goes on to say:
u Indeed, in .1 measure,a more hbeial course of enutrart-
iiiK than wmild, under other and nioie favotable eneum-
Manerw, have been adoptetl by not deMsn.umj; the number
of rmle.s to he Miiveyed undei cadi enntiaet."
So it would seem that these contracts have been
made without indicating the amount of work to
be done. The surveyor general then goes on to
say:
'• For the fiscal jvar ending the 30th of June, 18,")7, i a^ked
for an appropriation tor survev-iu<i public lauds and pnvate
land claims, ovei and above the balance. nioi «. j-aid, then
on hand, of,<<150,000."
The amount appropriated was <£50,000. leaving
balance of estimates, over and above the amount
appropriated, of $100,000; but the amount ex-
pended over the appropriation is §22<),000, thus
exceeding in* own estimates $120,000, and exceed-
ing the appropriation made by Congress ^^'20,000,
making the expenditures of that year §270,000,
instead of §50,000, as provided by Congress for
this item. Hut, Mr. President, this is only the
deficiency for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1857.
The surveyor general goes on to state:
'''' For the lineal year ending Juno 30, IS'.S"—
which is the fiscal year now about to expire—
"the amount a-ke<j for was §350,000. The amount ap-
pmpinired was .i?lOO,OU().;>
Thus leaving a balance of estimates amounting
to $250,000 over and above the sum appropriated
by Congress for the year ending 30th of June,
1858, Now, the deficiencies for this year (1S33)
have not been provided for in the appropriation
bill before us; but the excess of money expended !
by the surveyor general, of $220,000 over and
above the appropriations made by Congress, is for
the single year ending June 30, 1857, an amount
exceeding his own estimates nearly one hundred
per cent.; and if the amount expended for the
year 1858 should exceed his own estimates in the
same ratio, you will be called on, perhaps before
the adjournment of the present Congress, to ap-
propriate an additional $500,000 to cover the de-
ficiencies for the year 1858. That this will prob-
ably be the case, would seem almost inevitable,
from the fact that these contracts are not limited
in amount. The surveyor general says that the
number of miles contracted for has not been speci-
fied, so that these contracts are still running. Men
have been employed to survey the public lands,
at, I believe, twenty-five dollars a mile ad libitum,
without any restraint whatever. The surveyor
general goes on to state that there are $350,000
estimated for these two years, over and above the
amount appropriated, or, to use his own words,
"Between the amount estimated tv* ncce^saiyto carry
on the suiveying opeiauons m California and ihe amount
winch Congies^ deemed it proper to appropriate."
He then says:
"The hbeial appiopnations thai had been made in pre-
vious yeats? by Congress for the same sei vice induced the
belief that the same policy was to be continued."
So it would seem, from the language of the sur-
veyor genev&I himself, that there was no mistake
as stated by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance,but the officer was induced to believe that
Congress would appropriate money to cover this
enormous expenditure over and above the amount
approniuued, because Congiess had pteviously
been libera! 111 appropriating money to cover de-
ficiencies of this kind. Ho says:
■ C >iiM'<ni"nt!y mom woik ha- lx4cn accomplished than
undei eM-iiiiu' eneunM.uie>'s -hould have been.
Tne only eviN 1 e-u i it i ic! here! torn. are, in the iir^t place,
a dcpai due 11:1 in\ pan umnlentiuiially, horn the policy of
the («'i)Votuni''i)f
Thu^, clearly admitting that there was no mis-
take, t hat ho departed ft om the policy of the Gov-
ernment, and made this enormous expenditure of
money on.the belief that Congress would pursue
the liberal policy which it had previously put sued.
I might sav, generally, here, thatl had supposed,
until very iccently, that, the officers of this Gov-
ernment were to be controlled by the amount of
money appropriated by Congress in contracts
made by them; and I was confirmed m this opin-
ion, even m lehition to Army contracts, from the
message sent here by the President of the United
States at an extra session of Cogurcss. It may
be remembered, by members of the Senate, that
Congress was convened by the President in extra
session but a very short time since. In the mes-
sage of the Piesident of the United States to Con-
gress, thus convened, he stated, as a leason for
reconvening Congress, that it had faded to pass
one of thy usual appropriation bills fur the sup-
port of the Army, and thus induced Congress and
the country to believe that the operations of the
Army would, for the currentyear, necessarily be
suspended for the want of an apprupnation. But
the Senator from Louisiana, to-day, seems to take
a different view, lie seems to think that there is
no necessity for an appropriation of money by
Congress as a guide to officers of the Army in
making their contiacts for supplies; even yield-
ing the question of the power of the President, as
Commander-in-Chief, to march an army to Utah,
or to any other point within the limits of the Uni-
ted State?, or without its limits.
f suppose the real and vital question to be de-
termined now by Congress is, whether the Pres-
ident of the United States has a right to use money
for this purpose, which Congress has refused to
appropriate, or whether he has a right to go be-
yond the amount which was given by the Congress
of the United States to be used in this way, at
least, without the excuse of a contingency not pre-
viously contemplated, an exigency arising during
the recess of Congress, or not contemplated when
in session. If there was some great public neces-
sity for making a contract of this kind, I suppose
Congress would justify the usurpation of power
just as an inferior officer in the Army might be
justified m disobeying the orders of a superior.
He would have the right to disobey the order of
Ins superior at his peril, risking on his part the
approval of Ins superior thereafter, or an acquit-
| tal by a court-martial. I suppose that an officer
i making contracts for the Government, might,
| under a pressing necessity, risk the approval of
j Congress in making a contract beyond the amount
1 of money appropriated; but it seems to me to be
dangerous policy to provide for these wholesale
contracts, made without authority of law, and in
the absence of a pressing public necessity.
It has not been pretended during this debate
that any such pressing public necessity has arisen.
There has no new state of facts arisen since the
adjournment of Congress; and, in fact, it has been .
stated that contracts covering a large part of the
gross sum appropriated by this bill, have been
made since Congress convened at the commence-
ment of this session, and whilst the President has
had the opportunity to consult the wishes of the
representatives of the people and of the States.
Yet, without a word or intimation; without appro-
priations; without authority of the national Le-
gislature, he has proceeded to make enormous
contracts, requiring an expenditure of seven or
eight millions of money.
It is a question, as 1 before remarked, whether
thi^ policy on the part of the Government shall
bo sanctioned in the absence of a public pressing
necessity by which it may be justified. I know
not whether these contracts have been wisely or
unwisely made. It is impossible for me, with the
limited knowledge I possess on this subject, to
sift this appropriation bill so a,s to ascertain what
work has been contracted for, and what supplies
have been purchased that the absolute wants of
the Army required. It is general and indefinite.
But this item ls^specific and in glaring violation
of law; and it has been passed over in silence by
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PUUH. What item is that?
Mr. HARLAN. For surveys of public lands
in California. I am willing, as an individual, to
vote all the money that the absolute wants of the
Government may require, and whenever a press-
ing necessity arises requiring expenditures of
money for the preservation of the peace of the
country, for the purposeof repelling an invasion,
for the purpose of securing the execution of the
law, 1 am willing to justify the President and
his subordinates m exceeding an appropriation,
should this occur during a recess of Congress.
But 1 am unwilling Jo justify, by a vote of mine,
this unnecessary use of power on the part of the
Executive of tlus Government, when he has am-
ple and full opportunity to consult the wishes of
Congress. If we are to do this, if we are to
justify this unauthorized expenditure of money,
and the policy of the President of the United
States in sending an army to Utah as a pos.se, and
the policy of the judicial officers of the Govern-
ment on their way to Utah, the President of the
United States may annihilate the government of
Virginia, or the government of the State of Iowa,
in a single month. As I understand from the
newspapers of the country, the judges, now ac-
companying the army in the gorges of the Rocky
Mountains, have already authorized the indict-
ment of Brigham Young for treason. There,
within the limits of that encampment, a grand jury
has been impanneled, a court has been called J and
bills of indictment have been authorized charging
Young and others with high treason against the
United States. If this policy is to be tolerated,
the Governor of Virginia may be indicted to-mor-
row, Would there be any difficulty in finding a
sufficient number of mere camp followers within
the limits of an army encamped in a desert plain,
or within the gorges of a barren mountain, who
would obey the behests of a military commander ?
If this can by done in relation to U tah, and receive
the solemn approval of the Senate of the United
States, the same may be done with the Governor
of Iowa to-morrow, or the Governor of Illinois,
or the Governor of any State of this Union, at
the meie caprice of the President.
As I before remarked, I am not willing to vote
for a single dollar-in this hill, which has not been
authorized l>y law, which may not seem, to me
to have been justified by a pressing public neces-
sity. When the geneial appropriation bills come
un, I shall judge of the future necessities of the
Government, and control my vote accordingly.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to occupy any
time, sir, but simply to state my position here.
As I apprehend this amendment""will not be
adopted, and my vote for it—as I shall vote for
