670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
should have regretted exceedingly. If to assume
a position, and maintain it by a statement of facts
is derogatory to the Army, that is not my fault,
but my misfortune. When I said that our Army
in time of peace was not composed of the best
material, I alluded to the rank and file ; and I
stated that perhaps not more than one fourth of
them were native-born citizens of the United
States. A large portion of them are foreigners,
who are not naturalized, and therefore can have
no sympathy with our institutions, and no feeling
for our cause, except that of mercenaries. I do
not think that the most respectable description of
force.
But, sir, I am for an efficient army; I want one
to execute whatever the emergency requires, and
for that reason 1 have opposed the present bill,
and advocated the motion of the Senator from
Georgia to strike out the first section. I think the
enactment of that section will produce no favor-
able result to the country. It will not meet the
emergency; it will accumulate the expenses of the
country, and will not redound much to its honor.
The Senator from Mississippi read the opinion
of Mr. Calhoun in reference to the danger arising
from the Army. I should be glad to have him
state what was the strength of the Army at the
time when Mr. Calhoun wrote the letter from
which he read. I think it was a much less num-
ber than it is now. The Army which Mr. Cal-
houn considered not dangerous was not near as
large as our present Army. I have never appre-
hended any martial danger resulting to the coun-
try from the standing Army. Their segregated
character will be proof against that. The evil of
which I have spoken, results from political influ-
ence. As you increase the number of officers,
you increase the number of families connected
with them, and they feel interested in the promo-
tion of their relatives. These families have an
influence in their respective localities, and in that
way the whole community maybe inoculated by
the same sentiment, and the same political disease
may pervade this nation. It is in this Chamber
and in the Hall of the House of Representatives
that the danger is to be feared, not in the array of
martial men.
I am afraid of no tyrant usurping the Uboi ties of
any people. They have never been usurped; they
have been relinquished and abandoned. Ccesar
and Cromwell and Bonaparte have been denounced
as tyrants, and our school-boy teachings are all
of that character; but, sir, those men woro not
tyrants; they were the conservators of national
existence. It was the Senate of Rome that be-
came so corrupt that liberty could no longer exist
in Rome, and the question was not as to Roman
liberty, but who should be the master of Rome—
Csesar or Pompey. Caesar's star was in the as-
cendant, and lie redeemed the country. How was
it with Cromwell? While England was a Com-
monwealth, was not the Rump Parliament the
seat of corruption, the very heart of rottenness?
Cromwell purged it; and hedid tins with a strong
arm and a sharp knife; but the incision was ne-
cessary. He did well to do it. He preserved the
British nation and gave it prowess. Flow was it
with Napoleon ? France had passed through san-
guinary scenes, the gutters of her capital stream-
ing with innocent blood; and then Napoleon took
the helm like a man, and he corrected the cor-
luptions of France, and built it up the mighty
Power of the earth. Ho taught the Fiench eagles
to soar; and even upon the pyramids of Egypt
they perched m triumph. He was not a tyrant;
but ho was the master of a people who could not
live without a master. They invoked him; they
invited him by their vices or their corruptions, as
England had Cromwell, and as Rome hud Csesar.
No people can be conquered by a single man or a
single mind while they mean to be free. Men are
bom to be free so long as they are virtuous and
patriotic, and whenever they cease to be either
they aie disfranchised and deserve the despot's
lash.
it is not the Army that I am afraid of; but it is
the outward pressure of the officers of the Army
and their friends, to operate on the legislation of
this nation, that I dread. If I had passed away
a few years ago I should have carried more rest
to my grave than I can do now, unless there shall
soon be a change in the political complexion of
afiTa'rs. I then could have passed away with
anticipations of the perpetuity of our Union, and
the preservation of the purity of our institutions;
but I see encroachment after encroachment on the
foundation of our liberties slide on unobserved.
They are insidious; and so it is to be with this
official power that is growing up in this nation,
and beneath the weight of which it will fall; and
then a master will lise.
Mr. DAVIS. I will now answer the Senator's
question, if he will give me permission to do so.
Mr. HOUSTON. With great pleasure.
Mr. DAVIS. I had intended to refer very little
to documents to-day, as I was not able, yester-
day, to find the place so promptly as I might have
done; but there is a table connected with the let-
ter from which I read, showing the aggregate of
the Army to be twelve thousand five hundred and
sixty-six; and the total of non-commissioned offi-
cers and privates, or enlisted men, eleven thou-
sand five hundred and thirty-five. That was ac-
cording to the organization of 1818.
Mr. HOUSTON. That was the number in the
Army at the time Mr. Calhoun wfrote the letter
to which the Senator referred, and he was not
then asking for any increase; though I have no
doubt he may have felt a political influence har-
assing him to do so. My experience of this Gov-
ernment has shown me that there are two things
you may do: you may reduce postage too low, but
you never can raise it; and you may increase the
Army, but you never can reduce it. Why is this?
I have friends in the Army, but I thank God I
have no relative in any Federal office, and I hope
I never shall. Ff any relatives of mine ever pos-
sess influence or place, I hope it will be an ema-
nation from the people of the country, resulting
from confidence in their integrity as patriots and as
i honest men, and that they will never hold a Fed-
1 era! office unless they can return in benefits to the
I country more than they receive in pecuniary re-
I ward. Members of Congress have their friends
| in the Army. They say, " Colonel such-a-one,
; our friend, if we reduce the Army, will have to
1 go into private life, for which ho is disqualified
I from the pursuits in which he has been engaged;
| Lieutenant such-a-one is a noble youth; Captain
; such-a-one is a charming fellow; and Major so-
and-so is an elegant man; we do not want the
. Army reduced because the ax will strike some
1 of our friends when it falls." We all have our
personal predilection^; we have our partialities;
or we have our associations in private life, and we
do nut wish to meet their reproaches or frowns,
I and therefore we cannot vote for a bill which our
! conscience tells us we ought to vote for. We are
I not more omnipotent than other men. We have
| the infirmities of humanity clustering around our
; hearts and sympathy continually clawing at us.
j We cannot resist importunities; and thus it is
I that you may easily increase the Army, but you
' cannot make a reduction when the necessities of
! a country require it.
i Now, sir, I mean to refer to some documents
: to show the discretion that has been used in the
j chastisement of the Indians, and to prove that
j the aggression has not been from them. The In-
! dians have no one to vindicate them; they have no
; sympathizers; they have no newspapers to issue
i their bulletins, and tell their misfortunes or the
j wrongs done to them. The white man has every
! facility. The Indian has no one to speak for him;
, for in nine instances outof ten, in my experience,
I have found that those who should have been the
guardians of the Indians' rights, appointed by
1 the Government and paid for the purpose, have
; been their robbers, and frequently that robbery
i has brought on war. I do not speak of the In-
! dian beyond his merits. I know him well, though
I the honorable Senator from Mississippi has been
: pleased to say that those gentlemen who have
1 been educated at West Point, withalltheadvant-
ages the country could give them, when stationed
on the frontier know more and have better ac-
quaintance with tlie Indians than myself. I do
: not wish to contradict tlie Senator, nor do I know
that the facts would justify me in doing so; but
humble as I may be, I am entitled to an opinion.
; 1 have some knowledge of the Indian, for when
a boy fourteen years of age, it was my fate, an
orphan lad, to be located within six miles of their
boundary, where 1 was reared to manhood and
1 in almost daily association with them. I had not,
; to be sure, the advantage of an education at West
; Point Academy to imbue me with that prescience
which its graduates possess when they are acci-
dentally thrown on the frontier in the discharge
of their official duties !
Mr. DAVIS. I am sure the Senator would not
willfully misunderstand me; and I am not willing
that he should believe I said anything so unkind
as a reflection of that sort would imply. I was
not speaking of the education of gentlemen any-
where; I was not speaking of the scientific attain-
ments of the officers who had received a West
Point education; I was speaking merely of officers
whose long connections with the Indians gave
them a knowledge of Indians more intimate than
any other class in our community.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I am accounting for
my own want of knowledge.
Mr. DAVIS. What I said cannot admit your
want of knowledge. You are doing injustice to
yourself.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to have it said
that I apply hard names to the Army; but I have
a right to allude to the facts which are before the
country. I do not care how ingenious may be
the graduates of West Point, or what grasp of
mind they may possess, I say experience is the
great teacher and nature the schoolmaster. I re-
marked that I had been reared on the immediate
border of the Indians, and m constant association
with them. It was where the bold Tennessee
gushes her waters through the great mountain of
Chilhowwee; and I learned to scale its topmost
peak realizing that perseverance and energy would
master much. Indomitable will enabled me to reach
its highest peak, and there stand and contemplate
the valley below. Undismayed by difficulties, I
willnotyieldaprinciple that I cherish in my heart.
I cannot consent to give up my opposition to an
increase of the regular Army.
In such scenes I was reared to manhood; and
when my duties called me to the Army, I was-
associated with the Indians, for they were in the
army of Jackson in the Creek Nation. After
that, in 1817, when still a subaltern in the Army,
I was appointed an Indian agent by the Govern-
ment—the first sub-agent that ever was appointed;
and for a twelvemonth I was again associated
with them in the transaction of business, and re-
newed the old associations of boyhood. After
the duties of my agency were over, occasionally
those associations were preserved; and when, in
afterlife, reverses came upon me, and dark clouds
fell upon my pathway, I spent in exile four years
with the Indians, with vauous tribes. Tell me I
do not understand the Indian! Too well I un-
derstand his wrongs. Tell me that with all the
advantages of education,and allthe bright associa-
tions of the world, and in all the galas of fashion,
you are to learn the Indian's character and dis-
position, and the history of his wrongs ! No, sir,
they are m tradition; they are not in history,
and I have learned them. I know them. I know
his disposition; I know it well, and better than
any officer who is on the frontier of the United
States. If I have not the experience which I have
cited, this might be considered boasting; but I
feel that I only state tiie truth. I know that their
character is as I have stated, for I have not failed
to conciliate them wherever I have tried, and how?
By even-handed justice. Hold the scales of justice
suspended with a steady hand between yourself
and the Indian, and you will have no danger from
him, it will not be necessary to suspend the sword
above his head, like the sword of Damocles.
Why, sir, with one twentieth part of the money
expended to support the Army, or even less, you
could feed the Indians on our borders, and clothe
them in comfortable garments; and then you
would need no Army except to take care of your
fortresses, and keep you arms in order; for I am
sure you can never lely on a regular Army un-
less you make it like the European armies of hun-
dreds of thousands of men. I call on the honor-
able gentleman from Mississippi, who has worn
proud and green laurels on his brow, to say with
whom did he win them—with the regular sol-
diers ? He gave years ofhis life to the rtgular ser-
vice, but he won no laurels there that 1 ever heard
of. The harvest was with the volunteers in Mex-
ico, where he won rich laurels; and ho wears r hem
well. He purchased them with lus own blood,
and the blood of volunteers commingled on victo-
rious fields.
He cites the case of Washington. Why, sir,
Washington began his military career as a militia
officerunder Braddock, and as soon as Braddock's
