1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
campaign was done, he retired to the sccnes of
private life. He did not seek the Army as an
avocation. "When the Revolution began, destiny
called him to the head of our forces?. Nothing
that I could say in commendation of him would
add one laurel to his brow, nor can his civic
wreath receive addition from mortal tongue. He
retired from office whenever the necessities of his
country permitted him to do so.
Jackson, too, was called from private life to
military service; and I venture to say he^ never
mustered with a company in his life before he
went into actual service He knew nothing about
tactics. Strategy rises far above your martinets
and tacticians. It soars in ahigher sphere. There
is an alembic connected with it that is not me-
chanical alone. He could well direct and com-
prehend who were to be his artizans; while he
was the great master workman, the architect of
high designs. Jackson was called into the field at
forty years of age, and when the emergency was
over he retired again to private life. He never
sought office. He even resigned a seat in this au-
gust body, that he mightgive place to a man, as
he supposed, of more experience and enlightened
views—General Smith. He afterwards resigned
the pffice of Major General in the Army, or mti- !
mated his disposition not to serve longer. He re- |
signed the Governorship and Captain-generalship j
of Cuba and Florida, after he had accomplished j
the purpose of his Government there. He sought i
private life, or, if he occupied public station, it |
• was for the purpose of being useful to the coun- ;
try, and not be an incubus upon it. i
There is another point which I must notice. ;
The Senator from Mississippi says the road of !
promotion from the ranks is now open. It may [
be open, but 1 never hear of anybody traveling 1
that road. The door is wide open but nobody 1
goes in. West Point Academy furnishes a suit- !
able supply of officers. Sergeants and other non- !
commissioned officers, who are commended as !
worthy of promotion, do not receive it. Only the |
other day one brought me a note attested by offi- i
cers under whom he had served for eight years. '
He was recommended to me from the fact that, j
once having been a sergeant myself, it was sup- ]
posed I wouldsympathize with him. i examined \
him, and I saw that his indorsements of character
were sufficient. To the eye, he was a gentleman;
but he is doomed to a sergeantcy. He has his
lines, and he cannot rise above them. Numbers
have applied to me since I have been on this floor
as a Senator, to aid them in procuring situations.
Some may have icceived them for aught I know,
but if so it never was known to me. I have never
known of a solitary promotion of that kind. If
the door is open, but persons are not admitted, I
do not think it amounts to much. Whenever I
see that they are sought after, I will look into the
ranks of the United States Army for men to sus-
tain the reputation of the country as officers, and
then men will enter your ranks for the purpose
of obtaining promotion by good conduct. When
I entered the service, if I had been doomed all my
life to be a private soldier or a sergeant, notwith-
standing all the ardor of youth, and the fervor of
patriotism which I thought I possessed, I could
not have been induced in time of peace to enlist in
the Army. I believed, however, at that time, that
it would not be detrimental to my advancement in
the service of my country for me to take a position
where I could learn my duty before J undertook
to teach others theirs. There I learned the duty
of a soldier. I know his wants, and his feelings,
and I can appreciate his necessities.
Now, sir, to show that the Indians camc off
badly on some occasions, I will read from the
public documents before me a brief extract in re-
gard to the Brule war. Little Thunder and the
Indians under his command were set upon while
they were peacefully moving with their families,
and with the supplies necessary for their support.
1 desire to read from the report of ^General Har-
ney—an officer for whom I have always enter-
tained the highest respect. General Harney, it
appears, was ordered to retaliate on the Sioux for
having murdered some troops—Gunnison's com-
mand, I think. He had a parley with them,and
he attacked them, after finding out that they were
there with their warriors, their women and chil-
dren, and their supplies for an inclcmcnt season,
i will read his own account:
"Bur, before reaching it, the lodges wete struck, and
their occupants commenced a rapid retreat up tlie valley of
the Blue Water, precisely in the direction from whence I
expected the mounted tioops. They halted short of tiiese,
however, and a pailey ensued between their chief and my-
self, in which I btated the causcs of the dissatisfaction which
the Government lelt towards the Brills, and closed the in-
terview by telling him that ins people had depredated upon
and insulted oui citueus whilst moving quietly through our
country ;i hat they had massacred our troops undermost
aggravated circumstances, and that now the day of retribu-
tion had come; that i did not wish to harm him personally,
as he professed to be a ihend to the whites; but that he
must either deliver up the young men, whom he acknowl-
edged he could not control, or they must suffer the conse-
quences of their past misconduct, and take the chances of
a battlo. Not being able, of course, however willing he
might have been to deliver up all the butchers of our peo-
ple, Little Thunder returned to his band to warn them of
my decision, and to prepare them for the contest that must
follow.
Immediately after hie disappearance from my view, I
ordered the mlantiy to advance."
LittleThunder had gone to confer with his peo-
ple; before he returned, the massacre commenced.
Was this the way to •maintain peace? If the
troops killed the Indians on that occasion, how
many defenseless human beings must become
sufferers to that retaliation which is the nature of
their savage state? Rut this new addition to the
Army must accomplish something, the four regi-
ments had done nothing up to that time, and they
must achieve something, to justify the raising of
them. Let me read further:
"The results of this affair were, eighty-six killed, five
wounded, about seventy women and children captured,
filty mules and ponies taken, he-tides an tndefimte.numbor
killed and disabled. The amount of provisions and camp
equipage must have comprised nearly all the enemy pos-
so-scnl-''
They were sent to starve or depredate on the
frontier. In that inclement region, where game
was wanting, what were they to do? Deprived of
all their means of subsistence, how were they to
live? They were to steal, to murder, or to rob,
for they must live or famish. He says, further:
"Teams have been constantly engaged in bringing tnto
eamp everything of any value to the tioops, and much has
been destroyed on the ground.''
That was a scene—an Indian chief willing to
give up the offender if lie had power, but protest-
ing that he could not be accountable for the acts
of outlaws; and we know that it is so. Suppose
some persons from Baltimore county should in-
flict wrong on citizens of the District of Colum-
bia, and were to kill one or two of them: would
it be just m the people here to demand of the '
superior officer of that community restitution or
surrender of the murderers? And if he should say
it was not in his power to surrender them, but
that he wanted peace, and would do all he could j
to preserve it, and they should go on and punish j
his people for what had been done, turn loose on j
the women and children wherever they might be 1
congregated, and massacre them, what kind of;
justice would there be in that? Would there not j
be as much justice in that as to say that becauso !
an Indian chief could not surrender the lawless ;
fellows of his band, you would murder women j
and children and warriors indiscriminately ? Cir- i
cumstances of this kind lead to interminable war.
I have no doubt, however, this gallant officei
obeyed the orders and met the views of the Gov-
ernment. Here is what Colonel P. St. George
Cooke says:
" There was much slaughter in the pursuit, which et
tended horn five to eight hale*, and m which lleth's com-
pany toQk then gallant hhaie, but wuh thcgre.it disadvant-
age, amongst others, of being ai med with rules. Very few,
if am', of the enemy should have escaped if I could have
handled the reserve.
" Following the reports of the several commanders, the
loss of the enemy inflicted by my command was ieventii-
jovr killed, five wounded, loity-three piisoners, (women
and children.)v
He docs not say whether they were men, women,
or children, that were killed; but he says so many
were killed; and I see that in another place, by
way of excuse he says that the women were armed
and dressed like the men, and fought with arrows
and wounded his soldiers. I presume such women
were killed; but he does not say so. Now, sir, I
never war with the ladies. I do not think that
is gallant; and I think it is still less gallant to war
on chikiien, for some of them may become ladies
after proper care. That is one instance of the spe-
cies of warfare carried on with the Indians.
The honorable Senator told us yesterday of the
achievements of the army in Texas. I had not
heard of them before. It seems some, of them sur-
prised the Indians, but those who did so were
dragoons. Well, sir, I have not said a word
against the dragoons. I have not said they were
inefficient. I said that the troops you now pro-
pose to raise would be inefficient for this service,
but I have never cast any reflections on the dra-
goons. I have not said that they were not per-
fectly efficient. The only allusion I made to them
was to the drill that was practiced in Texas; but
those men may have all broken their necks in fall-
ing off their horses. [Laughter.] I said the dra-
goons were the only description of troops that
ought to be employed on the frontier, except to
maintain stations to protect trading-houses with
the Indians. We find that those men who have
achieved so much in Texas surprised three dif-
ferent parties of Indians. I have no doubt of it.
I have known parties of Indians surprised in
Texas—some that were coming in to hold a treaty
in a very friendly way, yet were set upon and
murdered,and our citizens" lives paid the penalty
for it. I think the Senator read two or three in-
stances where some horses that had been stolen
were reclaimed. I am glad of it. That shows
an efficient description of service, that I approve
and admire.
In another instance which he cited, the dragoons
attacked the Indians, whose warriors came out to
fight them. He does not say whether the women
and children did not incumber the warriors; he
does not say that they were not hunting on a
peaceful party; but the dragoons attacked them,
and the women and children of course took to the
chaparral. The troops to be employed on the
frontier ought not only to understand the topog-
raphy of the country, but they should be familiar
with the character of the Indians; they ought to
know whether they are for peace or for war be-
fore they treat them as belligerents.
As to the achievements of which the honorable
Senator spoke, in New Mexico, they may be all
right officially; but what he read stated that the
troops had traveled eighty miles a day over rough
mountains. To me that is rather a fishy story
[Laughter.] If it were printed twenty times, I
could' not think it. I have crossed mountains
myself which were tolerably smooth, and I never
could go eighty miles a day. There must be a
mistake in that part of it; and if part of it is a
mistake, I do not see why the whole of it may
not be. *
The Senatorgaveus a very handsome, tasteful,
and elegant sketch of the feelings that the youths
who enter the Military Academy must have; and
I presume they must imbue the whole military
force. He says young men go there from whom
no danger can be apprehended, and that they will
neverconspireagainst theircountry,but will strike
down the tyrant or usurper. Sir,l see a diffi-
culty and a misfortune attending this military
training in early life, and I cannot come to any
other conclusion than that it is a great misfortune.
The more closely you c.onnectfamilyassociations;
the more you endear families to each other, as
members of society, the greater is the hope of har-
mony and of the continuance of affection. If you
take a boy at the age of fifteen and send him to
an institution like the Military Academy, you es-
trange him from his associates in early life. He
lotfes that reference for his parents which would
have grown up with him if he had been left at
home. Their moral teachings are lost upon him.
He may, perhaps, retain a remembrance of some
portion of them; but they are not daily inculcated
by example and precept. He becomes alienated
from his brothers and sisters. New associations
and detachments withdraw him from home, and
! he gradually forgets it. He remains at school
! four or five years, where his mind is attracted to
j other pursuits, and home gradually loses its at-
i tractions for him. He only recollects it as a tiling
| of the past. He remembers his kindred like others
i who have been kind to him; for he has found in
I the world friends and associates who are agree-
' able, fie loses that filial and paternal affection
! which he ought to cherish through life. He be-
! comes a soldier of fortune, wedded to the Army,
j His sword is his companion. lie feels that if with
j it he gets promotion, he will be happy. He for-
J gets the ties of home and of family, and becomes,
I if you please so to call him, a sou of the Itepub-
! lie; and if an Emperor were at the head of the
I Government, he would be the Emperor's son.
; Is this training calculated to increase a man's
1 affection for his country, or to add to his patriot-
ism, further than as he conceives the btnelits ho
