2782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
and has no right to state any such thing. His
manner is not agreeable at all.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator happens to find
it disagreeable, 1 hope he will keep it to himself.
Mr. BENJAMIN. When directed to me, I
will not keep it to myself; I will repel it instanler.
Mr. DAVfS. You have got it, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is enough, sir. Mr.
President, I was stating—I shall not be diverted
on this occasion from my public duties 
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Louisiana
will allow me to interrupt him. I find that there
is'a recommendation from the Secretary of War
on the subject. He says:
" The state of the existing appropriations will not admit
of the purchase of these arms, and it will require a special
appropriation of {§45,000 to purchase a proper supply."
I believe this letter only came in yesterday,
which will excuse me for not being better ac-
quainted with its contents.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I stated that the Secretary
of War had asked for $100,000 for the alteration
of old arms into breech-loading arms; that that
appropriation had been stricken out by the Fi-
nance Committee; that it had then been referred
to the Military Committee; andthat that commit-
tee had thought proper to retain the appiopri-
ation, but apply it to a purpose entirely differ-
ent from that for which the Secretary asked it.
Whether he asks an appropriation independently
of this for the purchase of breech-Ioadmgarms, is
a matter I was not considering, and was not pre-
senting to the attention of the Senate. Now, sir, f
the point to which I wish to call the attention of j
the Senate is this: that, instead of making an ap- j
propriation of any portion of the sum asked for |
by the Secretary of War for the purpose for which 1
he asked it, between the two committees together j
the sum is appropriated, and nothing is done that!
he asks for. I called the attention of the Senate i
to the fact that, upon this particular point, reports j
were before us showing, in the first place, that i
there was a large body of old arms belonging to i
the Government, worth some two and a half or
three dollars apiece, which, for a similar amount,
could be changed into breech-loading arms, for
the purpose of experimenting with in the Army;
and I asked the reason why we should purchase
new breech-loading arms, costing forty dollars
apiecc, instead of devoting the old arms for the pur-
pose of this experiment; when these old arms, as
reported by otfieeis of the intelligence and expe-
rience displayed by Major Bell,could be experi-
mented with at two and a half or three dollars
apiece—tluee and a half dollars, I believe, is the
extremity.' There is Sharpe's patent; there js
Morse's patent; there is Burnsulo's patent; there
are a number of those patents, which the fneuds
of the different parties consider extremely valu-
able. Certainly no member of the Senate is com-
petent to decide—not even the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs: the officers of the
Army who have examined this matter state that,
up to the time of their report, in August last, the
experiment had not been sufficiently solved. I
undeistand that, since that time, great improve-
ments have been made m these arms—sufficient
to warrant the Secretary of War in recommend-
ing them to the attention'of the Senate.
i hope that the whole purpose of the appropri-
ation which is asked for will not be stricken out
of the bill. If the Committee on Finance arc still
of opinion that $100,OUO is too large a sum for the
purpose of testing the value of these improve-
ments, let that sum be reduced; let a portion of it
be applied either to making the old arms conform
to some regulations, or to purchase breech-load-
ing arms, if required; but do not strike out the
entire appropriation for the purposes for which the
Secretary wants it. Take thirty, forty, or fifty
thousand dollars of it, and let the Secretary apply
that to an object so valuable to the country, and j
take the remainder, if you please, and let the Sen- i
ator from Mississippi have his own theories car- j
ned out with half the appropriation, but not with j
all. I hope that one half this appropriation, at
all events, will be reserved for the purposes for j
which the Secretary of War asks it. j
Mr. PEARCE. I will suggest to the Senator
that it is competent for him to move an amend- -
ment to the amendment, appropriating a specific :
portion of the sum, if he thinks proper, to the |
object he desires. !
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will, then, move to amend -
the amendment offered by the Military Commit-
tee, so far as to leave this appropriation in its pres-
ent language, but changing $100,000 to $50,000.
We shall then have " for the alteration of old
arms, so as to make them breech-loading guns,
in accordance with the recommendation of the
Secretary of War, $50,000," leaving the other
$,'0,000 to be applied according to the recommend-
ation of the Military Committee.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator who has just taken
his seat has argued from the papers which have
been read to the Senate, that which is not in
them. He has asserted over and over again, in
the course of his argument, and endeavored at one
time to make me responsible for it, that we had a
large number of old arms worth $2 50 which were
to be converted into most efficient arms by ex-
pending some two dollars and a half upon them.
The letter of the Secretary of War says that if
sold at auction they would not bring more than
a certain sum. That may be all very true; and
if our forts were sold at auction, pray what would
they bring? The arms that are made for military
purposes are not suited to the private purposes of
civil life. There is very little use that could be
made of the musket, a little more of the rifle, but
very little indeed which could be made in civil
life of the musket manufactured for the Army.
It would nor answer the sportsman's put pose for
anything perhaps but bear hunting. That those
arms would sell for far Joss than their value, I do
not doubt; but it isnot to be assumed thatall the
arms which are described are of the character
which were sold to George Law for a small sum.
A certain number of the muskets on hnnd were
condemned because they were inferior; they were,
generally, the arms made before 1821, after which
we had an improved model; ail the material was
improved, and continued to improve until 1842.
We have eighteen thousand old flint-lock mus-
kets. They were examined and reported upon
as serviceable muskets,too good to be sold; they
weie kept in store because they were too good to
be sold; and it requires but a sum sufficient to
convert them into percussion muskets to make
them ail that the Government requires.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the honorable Senator
if that number includes all that are deposited m
the arsenals of the States?
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no; it does not include those
issued to the militia. A large number have been
issued to the militia which may or may not still
bo in their possession. But the whole argument
which is made is, that we have muskets which
are woi th two and a half or ihiee dollars, because
the statement is that they would sell for that at
auction. It may he true that the best arms we'
have, if sold at auction, would not bring more
than that; but my position is that, if you alter
muskets into breech-loading arms, and particu-
larly of a pattern which requires special ammu-
nition and cannot be used with the ordinary am-
munition, you have not only lost the three dol-
lars you put on them, but you have lost whatever
the value of the musket was, and I believe that is
from ten to twelve dollars apiece. That is their
value to the Government, though I have no idea
they would bring it if sold at auction.
But, sir, the proposition which was before the
Senate was to strike out the whole appropriation;
to that the amendment is offered, and it is offered,
among other reasons, because the Secretary of
War has asked for money to purchase breech-
loading arms. Nov/, what mattered it whether
this $100,000 was left, or whether it was stricken
out and rewritten, or changed to $40,000, or to
#10,000. I have no objection to a reduction of
the amount to any extent the Senator pleases. I
believe it is too mnch. I think a very small pur-
chase of breech-loading arms of new patterns is
all that would be required; and I think the altera-
tion of the eighteen thousand old muskets to the
present model, upon a plan which has been ap-
proved by an ordnance board, would probably
not cost more than half a dollar apiece. There-
fore, I am perfectly willing to agree to a reduction
of the sum. 1 am not willing to allow arms which
I believe to be useful, to be changed into a new
method of loading that will render" them useless
for the purposes for,which we require that kind of
arms.
But it has been asked, why do you wantto buy
breech-loading arms, if altering the muskets into
breech-loaders is not advisable ? The answer is
We buy breech-loading carbines; we do
not buy breech-loading muskets. When the mus-
ket is altered, it will be too cumbrous for the cav-
alryman; and we buy breech-loadingcarbines for
the cavalry man. So of the rifle: it would be too
cumbrous for the cavalry man; he can never allow
it to fall by his side in order that he may use his
saber or Ins pistol. Our mounted riflemen have
carried it, and it has been found too heavy. The
only breech-loading arms which I suppose the
Secretary would purchase would be breech-load-
ing carbines adapted to the use of cavalry. That
is my purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Reid in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin.]
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment of the Senator from Louisiana is
clearly out of order; it is an amendment to an
amendment to an amendment. An amendment
comes from the Committee on Finance; the Sen-
ator from Mississippi proposes to amend that. It
is not in order to amend the amendment of the
Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. PEARCE. Allow me to explain. The
Senator is under a mistake. The amendment of
the Finance Committee is to strike out the whole
clause. The Senator from Mississippi supposes,
properly I think, that he hasa right to perfect the
part proposed to be stricken out before the question
is taken on striking out; he therefore proposes an
original amendment to the clause as it stands in
the bill; and to that the Senator from Louisiana
proposes an amendment. So it is only an amend-
ment to an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Georgia insist on the point of order?
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir; I misunderstood the
state of the case.
Mr. MALLORY. I presume there are some
members of the Senate who are familiar with the
use of arms; the American people generally are.
1 should say nothing on this subject if 1 did not
regard myself as familiar with the breech-loading
and the muzzle-loading arm from the time I have
beon able to handle an arm at all. I understand
the proposition to be to appropriate fiftyor a hun-
dred thousand dollars, on the recommendation of
the Secretary of War, to enable him to change
the musket now on hand into a breech-loading
musket. Weil, sir, it must be considered by all,
whether familiar with the use of arms or not,
that, all other advantages being equal, there is a
decided preference to be given to a brcech-load-
ing gun. Some of the prominent advantages are
pointed out by the major of ordnance, whose let-
ter has been read. In the first place, that gun may
be loaded on the ground without a rammer. It
may be loaded always with the muzzle to the
enemy. A man standing at the charge loads his
gun without altering his position. 1 might go
on and enumerate other advantages; but, cer-
tainly, all other parts of the gun being equal, there
is a most decided advantage m favor of the breech-
loading arm. The chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs speaks of the altered musket
not being used by the troopers because it would
be too cumbrous. We will admit, of course, that
the musket cannot be used by mounted troops at
all; because, whether it is altered or not altered,
it is cumbrous; and the objection is to the long
musket—not to the altered musket. But, if the
trooper were to use any musket, he could certainly
use the breech-loading one; for in the one case he
would hold his musket in the left hand at the
charge, simply inserting the charge at the breech;
whereas, with a muzzle-loading musket, he would
have to use both hands, with a rammer. Now,
if we can alter the muskets we have on hand at an
expense or $2 50, it is a self-evident proposition
that it ought to be done, if the musket retains the
advantages it had before. Does it do so ? You
have the same length. If you meet a civilized
enemy in warfare, he has the same length of
musket that you are obliged to have. You have
the same weight, which is another specific prop-
erty of the charge. You have a straight breech,
which constitutes the strength of the musket; for,
in falling a musket to the ground at the order, for
example, if you have the crooked breech that
sportsmen use, as the chairman of the Military
Committee will admit at once, there is danger of
breaking it. I do not pretend to know whether
all the advantages that the musket possesses now
