THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11.
receives are reciprocal ? But, sir, go to the walks
of private life; go to the volunteers. Who are
they? They are men who, when they come to
the camp, quit the warm affections and embraces
of affectionate friends'. They leave maternal or
sisterly, or it may be conjugal affection. They
rally to the standard of their country, and are
anxious to achieve something, and return to those
endearroentsfor which they cherish so much fond-
ness. They move with alacrity and spirit; there
is no desertion among your volunteers. But in
one year I have noticed that, in a single command
of the regular Army, nearly half the troops de-
serted. There are no volunteer desertions, be-
cause home is no refuge for the dishonored man;
but it is the elysium of the patriot. After he has
performed his duty, he returns to the embraces
of hfs family, to the confidence of his friends, to
the esteem of his neighbors.- He has every incen-
tive to noble achievement. He has everything to
invite him to return speedily to the walks of pri-
vate life. When his country needs him, he drops
the plow-handle, contemplates the objects of his
attachment, and departs for the scene of action.
When the danger is over, he returns again to his
family. When his country again calls, he knows
her tocsin, and he rallies to her banners. This
should be the standing army of America—free-
men, and none but freemen. Are they not more
efficient than regulars? Ceitainly,if they had the
same drillingaiid exercise, they would be. Why?
Because they are not taken up here and there, as
circumstances and pinching necessity may drive
a man from want to enlist m the service. They
are men who have substance to return to at homo,
and who only lend their arms ford while to their
country, desiring to return again to their families.
These are the efficient men, depend upon it.
When the stronghold of liberty dissolves, there
will be no volunteers in America.
Now, sir, how long will it take you to organize
an army for the conquest of Utah, if you aic to
undertake that? if this increase of the Army is
not intended for Kansas or for Utah, I doijotsoe
on what ground it can bo urged at all. It is said
it is not for Kansas. Then it must be for Utah.
The Senator from Mississippi and myself have
different notions about the result of that campaign
and the condition of it at this particular time.
Lest an improper inference mijrht be drawn if I
were to do so, 1 shal! not give an opinion as to the
situation of the troops then: now, what it has been
for a month past, and what it will be for a month
to come. I have done it privately, but here 1 will
not do it. The Senator thinks the military head
of that expedition is competent to everything. I
will not gainsay that, lie vouches for him, and
I know he is candid in his voucher.
If you pass this bill, you must send officers
over the country to rccruit; and what kind of men
will they get? Efficient, active men, accustomed
to the use of arms—men who will be readily
drilled and rendered effective in service ? No; but
men whose necessities drive them to the Army,
who are thrown out of employment in the cuius;
and who, to avoid " loafing," or that becoming a
bad business, seek refuge m the Army. A large
proportion of the troops you may laisc will an-
swer to this description. You cannot, in a twelve-
month, fill the ranks with the number proposed
to be raised. Considering the transportation of
supplies, I think I may safely say that you will
not, in less than a year and a half, get to Utah,
drilled and prepared for service, the regular troops
whom you propose to raise by this bill.
If, however, you take volunteers, how long will
it require for them to be recruited and go to the
scene ofaction ? In fifteen daysfrom the time proc-
lamation is made, they will he organized and ready
to march from Missouri, from Iowa, from Texas,
from California. Allowing twenty miles per day,
it would take them fifty days to go to Utah from
Fort Leavenworth, or from Iowa, or fiom Texas.
It would require mounted volunteers to accom-
plish the distance in that time. If they were in-
fantry, it would take seventy-five or eighty days;
and they could not start until May or June. In j
ihecouise of sixty days at the farthest, you could
have in Utah, from Texas two regiments, from
Missouri two regiments, and from Iowa two regi-
ments, or as many as are necessary for the emer-
gency. When this is done they return to their
homes, and they are no further cost or charge to
you. But admitting that their expenses are double
those of regular troops while they are in service,
when the campaign is over the expense ceases.
If there is an emergency now calling on us for
action, volunteer troops are the only ones suited
to the occasion. If the object is to increase the
standing Army, I am opposed to it.
These are my views in relation to this emer-
gency, and I am as anxious to see the country
quiet as any one. i think that volunteers, active,
sprightly, animated young men, going to that
country, would be the best means of breaking up
the Mormons. When they get there they will
feel that they are cut off from the rest of the world;
they will be delighted with the country, and be
pleased to settle there. They will take wives from
amongst the Mormons, and that will break up the
whole establishment; it will take away their cap-
ital. [Laughter.]
My convictions are, that the true reliance of
the country for its defense is on the volunteers.
If you undertake to keep up a large army, the re-
sult will be deleterious to the country. If you
add during each presidential term four regiments,
you will have, in the course of the administration
of five Presidents, in twenty years, twenty thou-
sand men in addition to the present force. If you
think it necessary to increase the Army in that
ratio, very well; but 1 think that is a course which
ought not to be persisted in. If 1 were to remain
m this body, I should urge on the attention of
this nation the civilization of the Indian tribes,
and In this way we should dispense with a por-
tion of the military force. When Texas was a
liepublie, her border extended for six hundred or
eight hundred miles from the Red river to the Rio
Grande; and when the conflagration of her ham-
lets proclaimed that hostile Indians wore on the
borders, where they had been left by the Presi-
dent m 183H in peace and harmony, when they
were excited by Mexico to depredate on our bor-
deis, and commit murder, what was done? At
the commencement of a new term in the exec-. -
live chair of that Republic, the Indians were hos-
tile; but the Government of Texas appropriated
$10,0(H) and put it at the disposal of the President
for the purpose of seem ing peace, and m eighteen
months we had peace from the Rio Grande to the
Red river. We opened commerce with the In-
dians, and the peace and concord we had with
them lasted for years after the annexation of
Texas. The Senatorfrom Mississippi has spoken
of the achievements performed in Texas by the
dragoons. A single company of rangers would
have done all that. Jack Hay5;, lien McCullough,
and Gillespie, achieved more than that; and 1
believe they never had over seventy-five men,and
those for a few days only. Give us rangers in
Texas. I ask you to give us one regiment of a
thousand men of rangers, and you may withdraw
your regular troops and dispose of them accord-
ing to the other requirements of the country.
Give us one thousand rangers, and we will bo
accountable for the defense of our frontier of
eighteen hundred miles. Wo will give a quittance
if you will give us a thousand rangers. We ask
for no regular troops; withdraw them, if you
please. I ask this not through any unkiudness
to them, but because they have not, that efficiency
which is necessary for frontier service. Troops
in garrison never gave protection to a frontier.
] am willing to contribute all m my power to the
general defensive interests of the country, where
u does not conflict with some great principle;
but I tell you the interests of the country will be
best subset ved by volunteers. You must rely on
them, at least, as you have in every emergency.
Every free country must rely on volunteers. They
will not desert you. They are identified with the
institutions of the country. They have their
homes to defend; their wives, their children, their
honor, and their country's glory. They have an
ancestral blood which flows in their veins, a rich
heritage which has descended with the blessing
of God from their ancestors to them. You may
rely upon them.
jVIr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I shall occupy the
Senate but two or three minutes. I wish merely
to answer some facts, to which the Senator from
Texas has alluded. I am quite convinced of the
sincerity of his declaration that he merely wishes
to sustain what is right, and therefore I suppose
if I take from him his facts, or what he claims to
be facts, he will cease his opposition.
Before going into that, however, 1 will merely
say that he offers a contract which the Govern-
ment might well accept if he were the only party
to make the contract. If the Government could
absolve itself from its obligations to the State of
Texas, it would do well to give the whole amount
a thousand rangers would cost, to get rid of the
defense of its frontier; but I do not think ho would
find it quite so easy. It is clear that he has not
kept pace with the history of events in his own
State—with great respect I say that. He says one
company of rangers would have done more than
all these troops; yet we have had several compa-
nies of rangers employed there, m the service of
the United States, and should find it rather diffi-
cult to recount what they had done. Moreover,
he says he has riot attacked the dragoons, and has
made no reflection on the diagoons; and that the
dragoons performed the service of which I spoke
yesterday, I hardly know how to follow the
Senator, because it was not the dragoons, it was
the cavalry, that performed the feats of which I
read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I confounded the two; I am
not technical.
Mr. DAVIS. Then the Senator means mounted
men, because the riflemen would come in next if
he had not covered it entirely. He is afraicf that
one gentleman did not ride so far as he said, eighty
nnles in a dav.
Mr. HOUSTON. Over mountains.
Mr. DAVIS. The only reason the gentleman
has to say that is, that he could not have done it
himself; and that proves that the regulars are bet-
ter than he, notwithstanding his early training in
mountain climates, so that ho has brought in a
very strong argument for regulars, for I have no
doubt in the world as to the accuracy of the re-
port.
He makes his point again in relation to the In-
dian combat on the Blue Water. He makes it
as though the Indians were a peaceable party and
the troops the aggressors. This was a band which
had been turbulent foi' some time, and commit-
ted various depredations. They were pursued
by General Harney. lie found them in force,
summoned the chief, and made to him the propo-
sition that he should surrender the murderer. He
acknowledged his inability to do it and went back
toconfei; but then the slaughter did not commence
as the Senator described. When he went to join
the tribe, they fell back to a hill, taking advantage
of the clemency of the troops; and that long chase
of Colonel Cooke across the plains resulted from
his not striking before he conferred with them.
General Harney's report was made to the War
Department, and it was published; the sub-reports
were not.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is here.
Mr. DxVViS. His report was published; the
sub-reports were not.
Mr. HOUSTON. Colonpl Cooke's report is
here.
Mr. DAVIS. General Harney, in his report,
says:
Assistant surgeon Rulgely, of the medical staff, was in-
defatigable m his attcnuon to the suffering wounded, both
oi our troops and tlie enein>."
This hardly looks like the cruelty which is at-
tributed to the troops. He says:
Ck Tiie le.-mlts of tins afTaii were eisjhty-Pix killed, five
woutulud, about seventy womon and children captured "
The Senator says he does not know how many
women were killed. If it was the practice to kill
women, the general would not have captured tham
and brought them m tn feed them and take care of
them. Again, if the Senator has Colonel Cooke's-
report he must have found a statement that$< in
the pursuit, women, if recognized, were generally
i passed by my men, but in some cases certainly
these women discharged arrows at them."
The Senator's knowledge of Indians must make
him perfectly aware of the difficulty of determin-
ing, when they are on horseback, the difference
between the sexes. They are dressed much alike;
they ride exactly alike; there may he aslightdif-
ference in the length ofthe stirrups, and that is all.
He must be aware of the difficulty of distinguish-
ing between men and women, carrying the same
arms, their dress resembling, riding exactly alike,
and firing upon the troops. But the report of the
topographical officer, Lieutenant Warren, which
is very accurate and detailed, and was made with
more deliberation, states that at this attack in the
cave, where they could not see who they fired
