THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 18TS.
New Series No. 43.
upon, there were five men, seven women, and
three children killed, and several wounded. Gen-
eral Harney is known to the country as a gallant
soldier. He has proved it on many occasions.
His knowledge of the Indians is very extensive;
and in this particular case, which the Senator be-
lieves is to result in future evil, he struck a band
that had often been hostile, tamed them at the first
blow, and afterwards made a treaty with the tribes
of that section of country, which has thus far pre-
served peace in it. The results have been as fa-
vorable as those of any Indian campaign ever
known in the history of the country.
As to the killing of women and children, that
is the result of all combats where they are to-
gether. A city never was bombarded in which
women and children were not killed. In the mem-
orable bombardment of Vera Cruz, the troops
being generally under the wall, the non-combat-
ants, the women and children, were the principal
sufferers; but that was not the fault of the Army.
They had an end to achieve, and were to achieve
it by such means as were within reach. They did
not wish to kill the women and children, but they
could not avoid it. It is true of all battles when
towns are besieged. It is impossible that it should
be otherwise. Surely, the Senator does not mean
to do injustice, and make an accusation, especially
at this moment, against our own Army, when the
result belongs to the nature of the case.
He takes my character of the commander in
XJtah, and I am obliged to him for the credence
he gives to it; but the commander of the present
expedition to Utah has some claim, I think, on
the Senator's knowledge of his character. He
was a soldier, and a biave one; he held a very
eligible staff*position, and he left our Army to join
the revolutionary struggle of Texas in its very
darkest hour. During that period he commanded
one of her armies, and rose in her civil govern-
ment to the position of Secretary of War. In Tex-
as, at least, Albert S. Johnston might be known.
He raised a regiment of volunteers and marched
to join General Taylor upon the Rio Grande.
When that regiment, on account of the terms of
the law compelling them to serve twelve months,
claimed their rightto be disbanded, he remained in
the service; and General Taylor, who had known
him in his youth and appreciated his worth, re-
tained him by his State rank of colonel and made
l\im inspector general of General Butler's divis-
ion of volunteers. He passed through all the siege
of Monterey, calmest among the brave who met
the shock of battle, always prompt and collected.
He was of infinite value in that division of volun-
teers, where he served as inspector general.
Then there is another point—one of the Sena-
tor's facts. He says I have stated that the door
is open to the promotion of men from the rank's,
but what value is that when they do not get pro-
motion ? lie has not heard of one, and he has
turned men away because he could not get them
places. If he will begin at page 13 of the Army
Kegister 
Mr. HOUSTON. I never said that I had turned
men away.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought you said you had de-
clined to seek places for them.
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, no.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well; you say they cannot
get in.
Mr. HOUSTON. I say I have not heard of it.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the Senator's fault, and
not the fault of the men who administer the Army.
If he has not heard, it is because he will not hear,
for we confirmed one the other day in our last
executive session. If he will not see it, it is be-
cause he will not read, for the Army Register is
furnished to him as an official document, and if
he will begin at page 13 and go on to the end of
the list he will find one after another along the
succeeding pages, officers " appointed from the
Army," that are promoted from the ranks; and in
$hose new regiments where they do not so appear,
it is because they were all original appointments.
Those sergeants who were taken and made com-
missioned officers in those regiments do not so
48
appear for the reason that they were ail original
appointments; but in the old regiments he finds
them continuously. It is true they are generally
of recent date, and I am sorry that it is so. They
are of recent date, not because there were not such
appointments in former times, but because unfor-
tunately those appointed did not prove themselves
so worthy as to retain their commissions. I am
sorry that the fact exists; yet it is notorious.
However, he willfind on page 13, where is the list
of the first dragoons, in the very beginning of
those regiments,SergeantDavidH. Hastings pro-
moted in 1848. Then, if he will turn over to the
next page, in the second dragoons, he will find
Sergeant Starr promoted in 1848; lower down he
will find Groen promoted in 1855. So, if he will
go on, he will find some twenty in the Register;
and I commend the reading of the Register to him
to satisfy his doubts as to the capacity of a ser-
geant to rise to the grade of commissioned officer.
These being the objections he has made to the
Army organization, and his whole argument being
that wo had increased the Army lately, and that
the additional force had been of no account; and,
as he now takes that back, on finding that the
troops who have rendered the services 1 have
quoted were a part of those new regiments, I hope
his facts being taken away, that he will come
down as gracefully as he can—and that is more
gracefully than anybody else—from thpse ,who
dissent, and join the ranks of those who defend
this bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not seen a fact that
shows that the troops who performed those
achievements belonged to the four regiments.
The gentleman assumes it.
Mr. DAVIS. The cavalry did it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I said one company of ran-
gers would have achieved all that the boasted
cavalry have done.
Mr. DAVIS. The cavalry are of the four regi-
ments.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is one fact I wish to
have understood in regard to the encounter on the
Blue Water; that General Harney did make a
report, which I have, in which he says emphati-
cally what I have insisted upon. It is this:
" A parley ensued between their elnefand myself, in which
X stated the causes of the dissati>fuction which the Govern-
ment felt towards the Jtiul^s, and closed the interview by
telling hhri that his people bad depicdated upon and insulted
our citizens whilst moving quietly through oui country ;
that they had massacred our troops under most aj^ravated
ciieumstances, and that now the day of retubiition had
come ; that I dnl not wish to haiin lnm personally, as he.
piofessed to be a friend of the whites ; but that he must
either deliver up the young men, whom he acknowledged
he could not control, or they must suffer the consequences
of their past misconduct, and take the chances of a battle."
Little Thunder did not want to fight; but it was
necessary that there should be some justification
for raising the four regiments, and therefore they
thought they would give Little Thunder big thun-
der. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Do you find that in the report?
Mr. HOUSTON. No. That is a mere exple-
tive of my own.
Mr. DAVIS. Then, if the Senator will allow
me, 1 will inform him that the fourregimcnts were
not there, any part of them, save and except one
gallantofficer, Captain Hefh, who raised his com-
pany by extraordinary efforts, and mounted them
on ponies to join General Hurney in that cam-
paign. The rest were old troops.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, if they were old troops,
I never heard of any of the new ones except that
one company, who did anything. General Har-
ney told Little Thunder " that he must either de-
liver up the young men, whom he acknowledged
he could not control, or they must suffer the con-
sequences of their past misconduct, and take the
chances of a battle." General Harney did not
doubt what the chief told him; but still they must
make an example of the Indians. They had no
disposition to war. The chief had said he could
not control these outlaws, and are you to destroy
a whole people because of a few bad men ? Why,
sir, you would sweep this continent if that were
a law established) there would be pobody left here.
J will tell you the effect of that expedition The
honorable Senator says it has had a most salutary
effect. It has had this effect: it has driven them
to the Mormons; they are their allies. Why?
Because they were killed when they wanted peace.
Because the Mormons have not committed a cor-
responding wrong on them, they are allies of the
Mormons. They will always go where friend-
ship and justice are accorded to them. That is
the benefit of this expedition.
Mr. DAVIS. These Indians were never in the
Mormon country at all. The Senator gets ail the'
facts wrong. These Indians have not committed
any depredations since, or gone into the Mor-
mon country at all.
Mr. CAMERON. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs has given us some in-
formation in regard to promotions from tUe ranks.
I was aware myself that occasionally such a pro-
motion had been made; but the impression is
strong in that part of the Union to which I be-
long, that a man may be promoted through the
influence of his friends in Congress and otfcer
places, from the ranks of the Army; but that the
moment he gets there a cabal is raised against
him, and by some means he is always turned out.
I desire to know whether any, and if any, how
many of those raised from' the ranks have -ever
passed the first grade on which they entered into
the Arpry as commissioned officers.
Mr. DAVIS. You mean the grade of second
lieutenant.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir. •
Mr. DAVIS. I'was reading in the Register
some cases. Those I read were nearly all of them
of the grade of first lieutenant. We have had,
however, up as high as the grade of colonel, a man
who had risen from the ranks.
Mr. CAMERON. Since the war of 1812?
Mr. DAViS. No, sir; nor if they entered in
any other manner since that date would they in
many instances at this time have got up to that
grade. I will answer the Senator as well as I can.
The mode of appointing sergeants is now pre-
scribed , and they may also be brevetted under a
late law of Congress. The difficulty, heretofore,
has been that, having no power to confer a brevet
upon a non-commissioned officer, the graduating
class at West Point came out and were attached
as brevets to companies of regiments. Though a
sergeant might be worthy of promotion, he could
not bo promoted, because, as vacancies occurred
under the law, the brevet succeeded to that; and
before the brevets all succeeded, another class
came up; new brevets were attached, and thus it
went on from year to year. The law which was
passed by the last Congress-enables the Executive
to brevet a non-commissioned officer. He thus
being a brevet officer, is put upon duty as a com-
missioned officer; and when the brevets older
than himself are absorbed, he succeeds to the va-
cancy in preference to brevets who have come out
afterwards, and who are junior to himself. This
secures to the sergeant promotion. The means
by which he obtains the recommendation for
promotion are these: he is summoned before the
officers at his post, or if a regimental organization
exists—if the regiment is together—before the
field officers of the regiment; he is there exam-
ined; the result of his examination is returned tot
the War Office, and he thus gives the evidence
that his officers believe him fit for a commission;
and the War Department then recommending him
to the Executive, the Executive nominates him to
the Senate for a brevet. That is the mod-us oper-
andi prescribed under the law of the last Con-
gress. -
I know of no such feeling as the Senator from
Pennsylvania refers to. I find usually that the
officers of the regiment are too prone to recom-
mend some sergeant that exhibits high character.
They are too apt to forget that though perfectly
equal to, and gracing the position he then occu-
pies, he may fall short of the new one to which
they wish to advance him; and hence it is that so
many have failed when elevated to higher places.
Mr. CAMERON. I am gratified with the ex-
