1760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28.
Now, sir, in that case, according to the idea of
the Senator from Michigan.it would be neces-
sary, when the joint committee reports in the
House of Representatives, for that body to do
something, though they were not asked by the
joint committee of conference to do anything, and
though that committee only asked the Senate to
recede from their amendment. There must be
action, therefore, according to the Senator from
Michigan, by the House of Representatives—upon
what? Upon nothing recommended by the com-
mittee of conference, because they have not to
recede; but the action must be by the Senate.
According to his notion, in that case, until there
was a report to the House, and the House agreed
to the report, which report was that the Senate
should recede, and it came back here, the Senate
never could act upon this report of the committee
of conference. It seems to me that that position
is not maintainable.
Mr. STUART. I think I can answer my friend
from North Carolina in a moment.
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Senator from
Michigan yield to permit me to say a word ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly, with pleasure.
Mr. BRODERICK. The Senator from Mich-
igan is now mistaken. I understand that the bill
is on the desk of the Senator from Missouri. I
am informed that it has been surreptitiously taken
from the House of Representatives and placed
upon the desk of the Senator from Missouri with-
in the last four minutes.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator yield the floor to the Senator from Missouri?
Mr. BRODERICK. I yield.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to ask the Senator from
California whether he intimates, directly or indi-
rectly, that 1 had any agency m surreptitiously
getting it upon my table.
Mr. BRODERICK. I will explain to the Sena-
tor. I have been informed byavery distinguished
member of the other House that this bill was sur-
reptitiously taken from that House and placed
upon the desk of the Senator from Missouri. I
do not know whether the Senator from Missouri
had any knowledge of the fact before it was placed
on his desk. That is my explanation. My in-
formant is a gentleman well known to this body.
Mr. STUART. I would rather not get up any
collateral question at all, because, as 1 said, I in-
tend to stand upon what we all know. The Sen-
ator from Missouri refused to make a statement,
and I was arguing upon what we know as Sena-
tors, upon the principle that every man knows
the law. In reply to the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, I would say that in the case he
ptits, as in all other cases, the report of the com-
mittee of conference is voted upon, and the ques-
tion of receding is not voted upon at all, even in
the Senate. It is a question in each and every
case upon agreeing to the report of the commit-
tee of conference. If the committee come to the
conclusion suggested by him, that the Senate
should recede from their disagreement, the ques-
tion is not on receding, but oil agreeing to the re-
port of the committee of conference, and in that
case the committee reports with the bill to the
House of Representatives, because the commit-
tee of that House, as I said before, has the papers.
The committee report that they have agreed that
the Senate shall recede from its disagreement.
The question nut is, will the House agree to this
report? If the House vote that they will, then the
Clerk comes here with the bill, and announces
at the door of the Senate that the House has
agreed to the report of the committee of confer-
ence, and that accordingly he returns the bill here.
The question then is not, will the Senate recede
from their amendment, but, will the Senate agree
to the report of the committee of conference, and
the report is unamendable. If we were brought
to the question whether we should recede, we
could agree to the amendment of the House with
an amendment, and so prolong the controversy.
The vote, however, is upon the report of the com-
mittee, and that alone.
Now, sir, I do not care where this bill is in
point of fact. If it has been surreptitiously taken
from the House of Representatives, and brought
here to answer a supposed exigency, that does
not alter my point. I am talking about where
this bill is in point of parliamentary law. 1 say
that, by parliamentary law, this bill is in the
House of Representatives until the Clerk of that
House announces t6 us in session that he has re-
turned it here with the action of the House upon
the report of the committee of conference; and,
until that comes, there can be no report to the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
As the Chair understands the case, the point made
by the Senator from Michigan cannot be received
as a question of order, but is a matter for the de-
termination of the Senate, if any question be made.
The bill was in the possession of the Senate when
the Senate received a message informing them that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
conference. The bill, therefore, was last In the
possession of the Senate, the Senate having asked
the conference, and the House of Representatives
agreeing to it. When the committee of confer-
ence met, the presumption is that the bill and any
other papers connected with it, were taken to the
conference by the committee of the Senate; be-
cause the bill was certainly last in the possession
of the Senate. Now, although it may be a rule of
parliamentary law that, after the conference ends
the papers are to be left in the hands of the com-
mittee of the House asking the conference, the
Chair cannot know whether that, has been com-
plied with. The Chair, therefore, would respect-
fully suggest to the Senator making the objection,
that the more proper form would be that the com-
mittee should make their report; and, if fie finds
in the report any objectionable matter, let it be
brought before the Senate whether it shall be re-
ceived. That is the impression of the Chair, sub 
mitted with great deference.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to the papers, I find
that the law of the Manual is as stated by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, that the papers are with the
House agreeing to the conference. The papers
must be presumed to be where by law they ought
to be. No matter where they are in point of fact,
the papers must be presumed to bo where bylaw
they ought to be; and if they were lying on my
table, when by law they ought to be in the House
of Representatives, of course we should treat them
as if they were where the law presumed them to
be. But the ground upon which wc ask the Sen-
ate to consider the report is upon the practice of
the Senate itself. I say, and the Senator from
Michigan acknowledges, that the occasions have
been frequent where either body has acted upon
the report of a conference committee without hav-
ing the papers with it. It is upon that question
of our own practice that we stand. As to the
question of where the papers are, I believe, my-
self, they ought to be considered as being on the
table of the House of Representatives.
Mr. GREEN. I (lilTer from my friend from
Virginia. 1 do not understand the parliamentary
law as lie does, and I think that an examination
of it will show that both the Senator from Vir-
ginia and the Senator from Michigan are mis-
taken.
The law says that the House asking the con-
ference must have possession of the papers. That
is an invariable rule of law. In this case the Sen-
ate asked the conference and had possession of
the papers; and, in asking the conference, you
need not transmit the papers to the other House
with the request to meet you in conference. There
is, therefore, no presumption that the House
acceding to the request for a confluence has ever
had possession of the papers from the time the
request was made. I have seen no parliamentary
law justifying any such assertion. But,even lfit
were so, does that affect the real point now under
consideration? Is there any information legally
here (for, if we are on legal points, we must adhere
to them strictly) that the papers have ever been
sent to the other House? The House has never
informed us that it has possession of those papers;
no communication has been made to the Senate
tc that effect; but when the Senator from Mich-
igan asks me the question whether I have posses-
sion of them, he implies either that he does not
know it, or, if he does know, he is asking a ques-
tion upon a point on which he wants no informa-
tion.
I propose to make a report on a privileged ques-
tion. When the Senate shall have received that
report, it is for the Senate to act or not act, ac-
cording to the circumstances which then sur-
round the question.' If the Senate cannot act in
the absence of the bill, and if/lie Secretary has not
possession of the bill, and if also X should fail to
report the bill,that will stay action, but it cannot
stay my report. My report is the result of the
conference of the committee. It is no part of the
bill. The action of the Senate, after the report is
made, may depend or may not depend upon the
possession of the bill; but the right to make the
report is not contingent on that fact. Nor will I
answer the question. I stand upon my rights.
I deny the right of the Senator from Michigan
to ask me whether or not I have possession of the
Senate bill, or of the House amendment, or of any
of the papers pertaining to this case. I have a
right to make that report. I am prepared to make
that report. It is a privileged question. When
that report is made, it is for th.e Senate to say
whether theylire authorized to act upon the sub-
ject-matter or not.
It may be that the Senate may then say, " we
do not choose to act on it." It may be that the
Senate may decide," we ought to have the bill be-
fore us,and the Secretary has it not." Thatisa
subsequent matter; but it is not a matter to be in-
quired into before the exercise of any prerogative
can take place. Mine is aprivileged motion. IIow
could it be a privileged question to make a report
from a conference committee, if you never could
make it until the other House inform you that
they have acted on it? The absurdity of it is
proved by the single fact: if the Senate can never
report on this subject until the House shall have
first acted and shall inform us of the result of that
action, and send thebfll to us, then my privilege to
make a report from the committee of confercnce
is not aprivileged question. It would be a ques-
tion dependent upon the other House; and yet
there is not a single parliamentarian from the year
one down to the present time, even including the
very astute and distinguished Senator from Mich-
igan, who does not admit that the right to make
the report is a privileged question.
If the Senate be not otherwise engaged on any
other subject, it is my right to make the report;
it is the Senate's right to decide what action they
will take upon that report; and if there be material
facts not in the possession of the Senate, they will
not act. If there be important papers, essential
to a proper consideration of the subject, they will
prejudice no man's right by acting in their ab-
sence. But the privilege of the committee of con-
ference to make a report, as a privileged question,
is not dependent upon the action of the House of
Representatives. Are we to be crushed to the
earth because the House of Representatives may
not choose to act? Is a parliamentary right con-
ceded to all legislative bodies to make, as a priv-
ileged question, a report from a committee on con-
ference, to be destroyed and taken away, because
the coordinate branch does not choose to act upon
the subject?
Such is not the parliamentary law. The par-
liamentary law gives equal rights, equal privil-
eges. When these committees met they were
just equal, and when they agreed they were just
equal; and what does equality mean? That only
one can report? No, sir, that both may report;
both Houses may act, and if they concur in their
action it is an agreement between the two Houses
of Congress, and it becomes binding, subject only
to the approval of the Executive. If neither one
can report without the other one has acted, they
are not equal, and their equality would all be de-
stroyed. No matter what decisions may have
been made on this point, the common practice of
this Government is of more force, because there
is moie common sense attached to it; it is for the
interest of the country; it can prejudice no man's
rights. I hold, therefore, that the Senate ought
to sustain the right of the committee of conference
to make their icpoit, and then to act on it, or not
to act on it, according as they think the subject
is in the possession of the Senate or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would say to the Senator from Missouri that the
occupant oPthe Chair will receive the report. If
any objection is made to it on the part of any
Senator, it will be submitted to a vote of the Sen-
ate what shall be done.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state that the Sena-
tor from Michigan probably made his point one
stage in advance of the place where he intended to
make it. There surely can be no obstacle to our
receiving the report. What he means is, that we
cannot act upon the subject-matter of the bill until
