676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February II,
show the Senate and the country that the com-
parison is not a just one. It is not between two
regiments in the same service, both cavalry or
infantry.
Mr. DAVIS. The answeris easy, if the Sen-
ator does not understand my position. I read
from a letter of General Towso'n, now dead, but
who, when living, bore a character never im-
peached for integrity and fairness. In that letter
he presented the position that as mounted volun-
teers could only serve on foot in the face of the
enemy, the horses were merely for transportation;
that therefore he held it to be a fair comparison
to put the mounted volunteers against foot regu-
lar troops. I will also add, (what! did not say, I
think, when addressing the Senate,) that these
particular volunteers were called out in Florida.
They have been called out by my successor. I
tried to get foot troops there, believing that mount-
ed men would be of little value in the everglades
and the great lagoons and islands where they
have constantly to cross water, but we could not
get foot men because their pay was not sufficient
to induce them to come out.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no observation to make
on that; I do not wish to talk on these questions
further than is necessary for their correct eluci-
dation. There is one conclusive answer on the
subject of expense to which the Senator did not
refer; but it is one which I put in the programme,
and which is great, continuing, conelusne, and
unanswerable; and that is, that when you get regi-
ments m the regular Army, as here proposed, they
stand there when you want them and when you
do not want them. You may only want them for
three months, and yet they will stand for ten years.
If you muster the volunteer into service for three
months, and only want him thirty days, you can
pay him off and dismiss him at the end of the thirty
days. If the volunteer cost five times as much
while in the service as any regular, he would, in
fact, be cheaper to the Government for all casual,
all extraordinary service; and, as to a permanent
addition, I have already given the reason why I
am opposed to it. If you want a temporary addi-
tion on account of a Mormon war, or an Indian
war, i am willing to give tx force which can be dis-
banded the moment it is not wanted. If you want
volunteers for three months, you can get them
for that time; and when their service is over, you
have nothing more to pay them. We have found,
however, that the increase of the regular Army
goes on from year to year. Three years ago we
added four regiments. Now five more regiments
arc asked; and it is proposed to give thirty com-
panies. It is give, give, give, forever, with the
Army, and always will be. They do not belong
to the industrial classes.
Talk to me about officers of the Army being
friends of liberty and shooting down oppressors!
Go and unlearn their history for twenty ccmn-
ries. The Army is no more open to American sol-
diers than is the French, even to officers. There
you can take the son of a beggar or of a duke,
send him to the military schools, and he may reach
a marshal's baton; but except an occasional fra-
ternization or a barricade in the street, he is never
anything else, and never has been, but the engine
of oppression and despotism. The American
soldier will be the same. He loses his character
of American citizen. Their duty is obedience.
They are taught it. They know nothing else.
They lose their interest in society. They are not
friends of liberty. An army in its essence is a
despotism. They always have been and always
will be the ready instrument of him that is bold
and brave enough to seize the baton and trample
public liberty in the dust.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was about to move an
adjournment.
Mr. DAVIS. J shall detain the Senate but a
few minutes.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN, We cannot get the vote
to-day.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the question will be taken,
and for that reason I intend to be brief. The Sen-
ator from Georgia closes with the same appeal
and reference to the experience of twenty centu-
ries against armies in which he indulged on a for-
mer occasion. I shall not follow him by answer-
ing, as I Have done already, that those twenty
centuries contain no history of American armies.
I will put my own knowledge of the personnel of
the Army against his, though I might not match
it against his in anything else, when I say that if
the Army are inclined to any political power at
all, it would be that they would be apt to exalt the
General Government above the States; that their
| education could lead to no other result than that;
but yet they will always rememberthe States from
which they sprang. Though they may be gen-
] eralized, though they may be lifted up to look over
the country as a whole, raised on the pedestal of
constant em ploy men t by the Federal Government,
seeing all its interests and all its rights, they may
feel for the whole more than a man who has
always been confined to a section; yet let the
Federal Government trample on the rights of any
State of the Union, and you will see the officers,
bearing commissions, springing from that State,
flouting the commission m the face of the Federal
Government to join the ranks of theirown State.
That is my experience.
But the Senator evidently, from the manner in
which lie treats my argumentaboutexpenditure,
supposes I wish to put him in a false position. I
said the line of argument was one that necessarily
led to error; that I could not understand the pro-
cess of his calculation. Neither can I; for he says
| that at some period, to which he refers, each man
cost $273. I took it for granted, then, that he ex-
cluded something which was in the Army appro-
priations, and not counted in the expense of the
man; because the tables do not say so. He says
the fact stands. I refer him again to the author-
ity from which I read-—American State Papers,
Military Affairs, volume two, pages 46 and 47.
On page 47 the statement is adduced that in 1809,
1810, and 1811, the annual expense per man, in-
cluding officers, was $383 60. In 1820, the annual
expense per man, including officers, was $336 56.
rhe Army is not responsible for the legislation
which lias occurred from the last date up to this
time, greatly increasing your staff. I wish you
would amend thatorgamzation. I wish you would
improve the administration of the Army; that you
would repeal a great many of your special laws
in relation to the stuff; that you would leave the
quartermasters as they were when that estimate
was made, to be selected from the line of the
Army, to perform the duty temporarily, instead of
creating one staff corps after another, and then
fixing the whole expense, not only of those staff
officers, but of those extraordinary provisions
which you have made by special legislation,
giving the enormous salaries which belonged to
the Lieutenant General in time of war, when the
whole militia was expected to be the Army of
| the country, to the general in peace commanding
the peace establishment of the Army, and then
dividing it up by the sum total of the Army, and
counting it at so much a man. If Congress make
these beneficial provisions, and swell up the gross
appropriations, it is not the fault of the admin-
istration of the Army. If the Congress and the
country require mounted troops, and the state of
the service requires them, then, I say, it is not
fair to compare the cost with the time we did not
need them.
The Senator talks of the readiness with which
foot volunteers were found on some occasions, and
refers to the war with Mexico; but my reference
was to the militia called into the service of the
United States since the war with Mexico; and
therefore, when he cites cases twenty-five years
back, he does not meet my argument. The $1,000
per man which he obtains, is by a species of cal-
culation which may be made high or low, as I
I showed on a former occasion, and will not repeat,
\ and will be highest when your administration is,
[ in my view of the rase, most economical—when
| you have a skeleton establishment providing in
| time of peace for the exigencies of war.
[ Then m relation to the transportation and camp
; equipage ;GeneralTowson's calculation was taken
: from the facts. It exhibited the amounts that
were paid, and presented them in a table, from
I which I read. The transportation of the militia
! may not be over so many miles, but the table is
! for every three and every six months; and the
: Senator must perceive that it amounts to a total
! much greater than the transportation of troops for
; permanent service at a particular locality, ana that
fifty cents aday for thefootman.and seventy-five
cents a day for the mounted man, is n^ore than it
: would cost the Government to transport the troops,
It is the constant repetition of this transportation
which swells up the gross sum of volunteer ex-
pense; not the different character of the troops*,
and in the table from which I read, it was so stated.
It'was based on an estimate expecting them to
serve for short periods,and for short periods they
ought to serve. Nothing would be more unjust
than to call people from their peaceful avocations,
and keep them for a long period at frontier posts
to guard frontier settlements. It would take lower
material, too, than compose the volunteers who
turn out in time of war. Among my objections to
the employment of volunteers for such service, ia
the very elevated character of the young men who
are often induced thus to enter the service; men
who are worthy of better employment; whose
habits are injured, whose train of thought or pur-
suit of some profession is broken in upon by this
temporary service where a cheaper man would do
as well. If I may be permitted, without an appear-
ancgof egotism, to refer to my own observation,
I would say that when I have traveled among the
people from whom the volunteers were drawn who
went to Mexico, I have had this fact more deeply
impressed upon me by the sad countenance of some
father, the tears of some mother over the fate of a
promising young man who fell m performing the
duties of a private soldier. The material is too
high except when the honor of the country de^
mands it. That is the conclusion to which my
experience brought me some years ago.
I am sure that if the Senator from Georgia had
known the character of the deceased General
Towson, he would not have applied, in relation to
his letter and his table, such words as " adroit
in his statement. He was incapable of preparing
a table to deceive any one. He prepared the table
from data which were in his office as the great
disbursing officer, the Paymaster General of the
Army. He took those data, and from them
reached a certain result, which he presented,in a
tabular statement, to Mr. Poinsett, and which he
communicatcd to Congress. I hardly think there
were errors in it. If there were, they were not
made to deceive anybody. My knowledge of the
man renders it to me a superfluous task to go over
the calculations that are found in his statement.
If the militia were employed for live years, the
tables would be wrong; but to draw your people
from peaceful avocations, and put them in service
as regular soldiers, for five years, thus interrupt-
ing the whole course of life of young men, would
be an evil to the country far greater than any
expense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. Why not take the vote? If the
Senator wishes to speak I will not press it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not the slightest
idea of making a speech on this subject.
Mr. DAVIS. Let us have the vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. If the vote
is to be taken, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. DAVIS. Let us pass the bill or reject it,
and let the Administration know it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Georgia, to strike out the first sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state to the Senate ex-
actly the effect of the motion. The first section
provides that thirty companies shall be added to
the Army; two to each regiment of infantry, and
two to each regiment of mounted troops. The
second section provides that the rank and file of
each company, when in the field, and on distant
posts, may be by the President raised to ninety-
six men. The first section it is now proposed
to strike out.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that the ques-
tion on this section is premature. I am willing
to vote for this addition to the Army, provided it
be made temporary; and I understand that the
Senator from Ohio has an amendment, the object
of which is to make this force temporary. If
you will make it temporary I shall vote for the
addition; otherwise I will not.
Mr. PUGH. I have offered no amendment to
this section. I am in favor of striking out this
section, and making the second section temporary.
Mr. HUNTER. That will give four thousand
[ understand.
