11358.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PUGH. Yes, of the rank and file, but no
officers with high salaries.
Mr. HUNTER.- If that gives four thousand
men, I think it ought to be enough. I will vote
for that.
Mr. BIGGS. The inclination of my mind in
regard to this bill was to vote for the second sec-
tion. and to strike out the first; but since the re-
marks of the Senator from Mississippi, I have
determined upon a different course. I am for a
temporary addition, and for but a temporary ad-
dition, no matter whether you adopt the first or
second section. But deferring to the opinion of
the Committee on Military Affairs, as suggested
by the Senator from Mississippi, I am now pre-
pared to vote for the first section, provided that it
be made temporary, understanding from him that
the Committee on Military Affairs recommcnds
striking out the second section entirely. It occurs
to me, therefore, that to attain the end I have in
view,it.is propcrfirstto perfect the section before
a vote is taken on striking it out. I propose, if
it is m order, to put the proviso proposed by the
Senator from Ohio to this first section as an
amendment, before the vote is taken on striking
it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The yeas and nays having been ordered on the
proposition to strike out the first section of the
bill, the Chair thinks it is not in order to receive
the amendment, except by unanimous consent.
Several Senators. Oh, yes !
Mr. HUNTER. We may amend the matter
proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. DAVIS. The Committee on Military
Affairs, as I stated to the Senate yesterday, in-
structed me to move to amend by striking out the
second section if the first were retained. I do not
know how we can get the vote taken on that
before the vote is taken on the first section, unless
I move now to strike out the second section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is not now in order.
Mr. BIGGS. It occurs to me that it is compe-
tent to move to amend the first section before the
vote is taken on striking out. [Certainly.] If
there is an amendment made to the first section,
making the increase temporary, I am willing to
vote for that, and that alone.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that that prob-
ably is the best arrangement. If the committee
prefer to strike out the second section, and have
the additional companies, let us give them the
companies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question be-
fore the Senate is on striking out the firstsection.
Mr. IVER30N. I will state to the Senator from
Virginia, that if the Senate will retain the first
section, the Committee oti Military Affairs pro-
pose to withdraw the second section.
Mr. HALE. I shall go with them on that,
whether this section be stricken out or not.
Mr. PUGH. I would rather retain the second
section, and strike out the first.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll; and
Mr. Allen answered.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the proposition ? Is it
the motion of the Senator from North Carolina to
amend ? With the consent of the Senate, I sup-
pose I had better withdraw the second section.
Mr. HAMLIN. You cannot withdraw it.
Mr. PUGH. I object to its withdrawal.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not the amendment of the
Senator from North Carolina pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order after the yeas and nays have been ordered
on the amendment of the Senator from Georgia,
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. HUNTER. Will it be competent forany
Senator to move to amend the section after we
refuse to strike it out? It can only be amended
by addition then, I suppose. I should be reluc-
tant to take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair, but surely we have a right to amend mat-
ter which is proposed to be stricken out before
the vote is taken on striking it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, whether it is open to amendment after the yeas
and nays have been ordered?
Mr. HUNTER. How can that affect it ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me invite the attention of
the Senator from Virginia to this fact: the yeas
and nays have been ordered, the question has
been ordered to be put, the Secretary has called
the roll, and one Senator has answered to that
call.
Mr. HUNTER, If a Senator has answered, it
is different.
Mr. ALLEN. I answered.
Mr. JONES. But the Senator from Virginia
was on the floor.
The Secretary resumed the call of the roll.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to state that I have
paired off with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Green,] who has been called from the Senate on
public business.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] was obliged to go home on account of
illness in lus family, and wished me to say that
he had paired off with the Senatorfrom Alabama,
[Mr. Fitzpatrick.]
The result was then announced
26; as follows:
Y"EAS—Messrs. Bell, Chandler, Collamer, Crittenden,
Dixon, Doolittle, JDurkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Gvvin,
Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, Johnson of Tenness-ee,
King, Pearce, Pugh, Simmons, Sumner, Toombs, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bigler, Bright,
Brodericfe, Brown, Cameron, Clay, Davis, Evans, Fitch,
Hammond, Hunter, Iveison, Jones, Mallorv, Mason, Polk,
Sebastian, Seward, Slidell. Stuart, Thomson ot New Jer-
sey, Wright, and Yulee—26.
So the motion to strike out the first section of
the bill was rejected.
Mr. BIGGS. I now move to amend the first
section by adding the following proviso:
Providedi That aftei the expiration of two yean from the
date of this act, the companies heicm authorized shall 110
longer be continued in the public service.
Mr. PUGH. I propose to amend the amend-
ment. I wish not merely to get rid of the com-
panies, but of the commissioned officers; for it
will be still more objectionable if we are to have
the officers remain in the service without the com-
panies. j
Mr. DAVIS, Of course the officers will go I
with the companies. The only question in my
mind, as to the difference between the gentlemen,
is,whether we should provide for disbandingthese
particular companies, or provide for disbanding
two companies of the regiment at the end of two
years?
Mr. PUGIL I hope the Senator will make a
motion to carry out his own proposition. He
said he wanted twelve companies in a regiment,
in such a shape as to reduce them to eight. If he j
will propose to go back to the eight companies, i
very well; that will suit me still better. ]
Mr. DAVIS. I think it would be a decided !
improvement on the peace establishment to have i
eight companies to the regiment; but I have stated ;
so often that I could not foresee that period of ;
peace which I believe would justify the reduction,
that I should be put in a false position if I were to
anticipate it now.
Mr. PUGH. Then I will stand on the propo-
sition to get rid of these two companies. My
amendment is:
Provided. That after the expiration of two years from the
date of this act, or sooner if the exigencies of the public ser-
vice will permit, the haul additional companies shall be dis-
banded, the commissioned officers thereof discharged, and
the non-commissioned officers and puvates transfer!ed to
other companies and legiments ; and thereupon no further
enlistments shall be made forany regiment, until each com-
pany shall be reduced to seventy-four privates.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make a suggestion to
the Senators who hg.ve offered these amendments.
It seems to me it would better effect their object
to provide that after two yearsthe regiments shall
be reduced to the'present number of companies.
That would carry out the suggestion of the chair-
man, and then you could strike out any compa-
nies you chose. It would simply provide for a
reduction to the present size.
Mr. PUGH. What becomes of the officers
whose commissions are "during good behavior?"
Mr. STUART. It reduces the officers with the
companies, of course.
Mr. DAVIS. I would call the attention of the ,
Senatorfrom Ohio to the fact that these companies i
will become integral parts of the regiment, and !
vacancies occurring among the commissioned offi- 1
cers will be filled up by promotions, of course,
through the regiment. Suppose a captain is killed:
the oldest first lieutenant of the regiment would
become captain of that company: or if the first
lieutenant were killed, the second lieutenant would
take his place.
Mr. PUGH. I sec the difficulty. It is a ques-
tion between a permanent or a temporary increase
of the Army. The Senator from Mississippi
wishes to make them a permanent part of the
regiments, and to promote up from the lower
grades.
Mr. DAVIS. It is not so much my wish as my
idea of necessity. I will not resist the proposi-
tion that the Senate shall provide a time when the
regiments shall be reduced, i see great difficulty
in keeping these as a distinct body of troops all
the time in the regiment. £
Mr. PUGH. My proposition is to prevent the
argument that will be made at the end of two years,
or at any future time, if you d«sire to reduce the
regiments from ten to twelve companies. The
argument will be pressed on us that first and
second lieutenants, at the time the bill was passed^
who had become captains, must not be put out of
the service. I wish to give notice beforehand, that
whoever takes a commission in these companies,
must take it on the expectation of going out of
the service at the end of two years, whether he
is now in the service or a new appointee.
Mr. WILSON. I believe this amendment which
has been proposed is impracticable; and that if it
be adopted it will have no practical effect in dis-
charging these two companies. The officers ap-
pointed under this act -will be, probably before
the year transpires, assigned to other companies;
they will be mixed, and we shall find that at the
expiration of the two years, the movement will
be to continue these two companies as a part of
the permanent military establishment of the coun-
try. I have no doubt of it; and that that is the
object and the intention.
Then, sir, I wish simply to say, that, for my-
self, I am ready to vote, for temporary purposes,
any body of men, on« thousand, five thousand,
or twenty thousand, necessary to maintain the
authority of the Government m Utah. I believe
in maintaining the authority of the Government
in that Territory, and in all portions of the terri-
tory of the United States. I assented to the re-
porting of this bill, but I did not commit myself
to its support. The Senator from New York,
who is upon that committee, [Mr. King,] declared
his opposition to the increase of the Army in any
and every form. We found there Senators who,
from long service on that committee, were familiar
with everything connected with the Army; and
the chairman of the committee, by his education,
by his association with the Army, by his presid-
ing over that Department for four years, was
familiar with everything connected with it. We
did not wish to offer any impediment to tin* bring-
ing of the measure promptly before the b^nate,
that the Senate might take its own course, reserv-
ing to ourselves the right to do as we pleased.
We did not wish to interpose any obstacles what-
ever to the prompt action of the committee of the
Senate.
Although the official journal of the Administra-
tion has seen fit to arraign that committee before
the country for not having promptly acted ac-
cording to the suggestions that came from the
executive department of the Government, I will
bear my testimony that the chairman of the com-
mittee, and all those who are familiar with its
affairs, interposed no obstacle whatever, and that
the subject was fully and thoroughly investigated
by the committee. We are told that the theory
of the Government is that the War Department
has more knowledge of the affairs of the Army
than can be found anywhere else* That may be
the theory, but it so happens at this time that that
is not the practical fact before the country.
I believe that this amendment amounts to just
nothing at all. Here is a proposition to add thirty
companies, equivalent to about two thousand eight
hundred men, to the permanent military establish-
ment of the country. I believe that we ought to
authorize the President of the United States to
raise a sufficient military force to maintain the
authority of the laws in the rebellious Territory
of Utah. I am willing to vote for that force; but
I do not see my way clear to vote for a permanent
increase of the Army. The reasons for that have
been fully stated to the Senate by other gentle-
men, and I need not repeat them.
I have prepared an amendment to this bill,
which I wish to offer to test the sense of the Sen-
ate at a proper time, by which I propose to author-
ize the President of the United States to call for
and receive the services of volunteers, not exceed-
