1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2787
judge of the occasion, He did judge this occa-
sion to be such as required the use of these troops.
They were called for, have been used, and have
been discharged, without pay. It is a debt due
by the Government, for which an appropriation
must of course be made.
The Secretary read the first section of the act
of 1795, as follows:
"That whenever the United States shall be invaded, or
be in imminent danger of invasion ftom anv foreign nation
oi Indian tribo, it shall be lawful for the President ol the
United States to call fr>ith >uch number of the nnlitia of the
State or State-* most convenient to the place of danger or
bc<jne of action, as he may judge necessary to icpcf ^uch
invasion, and to t-*-.ue his oidur« for that purpose to such
ofinder or officers oi the unhtia as he shall think pioper.
Ami. in ease of an insurrection in anv Slate airnitw the
government thereof, it sdiall be lawful for the I'rc-ident oft ho
United States" k * * * «to call forth such
nuinbei ol the nnlitia," &c.
Mr. TRUMRULL. I am not aware that the
President has proceeded, m accordance with this
law, to call out forces in Florida. I was not
aware that the {State of Florida had been invaded,
either by a foreign Power, or an Indian tribe,
within the contemplation of this law, or that any !
sucii ease has existed as would have authorized
the President to act, under this law.
Mr. VULEE. What does the Senator under-
stand by invasion by an Indian tribe? Must
they come from foreign parts ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it must be some-
thing1 more than a simple disturbance of a few
Indians resuhng within the State.
Mr. YULEE. It would be an invasion of the
established settlements of the whites over the In-
dian frontier, or it would be insurrection if there
was no Indian country to winch they were enti-
tled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that an invasion
means something more than a simple disturbance
of a few Indians located and living within the
State. The language of the act of Congress is:
J " That whenever ibe United States shall be invaded, or
/be in imminent dangei of mva-ion fiom anv loieign nation
[ or Indian tube, ic --hai! be lawful loi the Pie^uh nt of the
United States to call loitli sueli ninnher of the militia of the
State or Stales most convenient to the place oi danger, or
scene of ac.tion, as lie may judge accessary to repel &ueh
inva-jon "
Now, does the Senator from Florida refer to
this as the authority' Have the United States
been invaded by Billy Bowlegs and his tribe,
down in Florida* Was it under this act that the
President, of the United States called out these
troops m Florida ? Why, sir, it is true, I live
somewhat remote from the State of Florida, but
I never heard of this invasion of the United States
before It is most extianrdmary that we should
be referred to such a statute as this as the foun-
dation of the power for calling out these troops.
I am sure it will be news to the people of the Uni-
ted States, that this great country was invaded
last year, or in imminent danger of invasion, so
that it was necessary for the President to call out
the nnlitia of the country.
Mr FESSENDEN. How many of these In-
dians aiv* Uwm'i—a baker's dozen?
Air. TRUMBULL. I am not aware of the num-
ber. It is very small, however. I say that no 1
foundation whatever exists in this provision of j
the statute for calling out the troops in Flonda, •
for there has been no invasion of the United i
States. It is matter of public notoriety that there 1
has not been. i
Mr. IIAYA'E. I am sorry that we have so !
httle sympathy from the Senator from Illinois on
the ptusent occasion. Now, let me state, to liim ■
a fact or two. On one single occasion, for the -
want of proper defense, eighty men, ten women, 1
arid five clnldten, weie scalped at Appalachicoia, 1
all belonging; to the regulat Army. Subsequently, |
and just beiore those villainous men, Arbuiliuot j
and Ambnster, weie executed, five hundred men ;
and woffitii w< re murdered on the frontiers of !
Georgia and Alabama by these very Indians. ]
Why, sir, I think that people living in that coon- '
try should have their eyes open, and theirears, so ;
that they may hear, and their understanding so •
that they may understand. I really am sorry to j
see so little sympathy exhibited on such a solemn j
occasion. I
Mr. YULEE. I shall not go into a discussion ,
of the Florida war with the Senator fiom llli- J
nois. The simple question is tins. Does the Uni- j
ted States owe a debt? If it owes a debt, it must
pay it. That is the whole amount of the matter. |
| The President, acting upon the authority of law,
! has done what has been done by every President
j before him—called upon a State for troops which
■ could not be supplied from the regular Army to
| suppress an insurrection or repel an invasion,
! whichever the gentleman chooses to denominate
j the uprising of the Indians there, and the mva-
j sion of the peaceable homes of the citizens of that
j portion of the United States He may denom-
! inate it either an insurrection, if the Indians were
entitled to no place, or he may denominate it an
invasion, if they had an established place, and
went over their frontiers to attack the wlnte set-
tlements. The President has done what has been
established b'y precedent to be his right to do in
the construction of the law which has been read
to the Senate. The State of Florida, m compli-
ance with the call of the Federal Government,
has supplied these troops. Whether they weie
necessary or not, is not material to the present
! purpose, and 1 do not propose to discuss that
point. They have been supplied on the call of
I the Federal Government; tliev have done the ser-
vice *, they have been discharged without pay-
ment; and this appropriation is asked for by the
i Ptesident, through the War Department, to en-
! able him to discharge the debt The debt is due,
! and it must be paid We ask nothingof thegen-
: tleman's mercy; we a^k nothing of his judgment
j as to the policy of defending the white settlers
j m Florida; but we ask him to pay thisdebt—that
! is all.
| Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
: Florida be good enough to fui msh us the evidence
' of the call of the Piesulent of the United States,
i giving notice of the invasion 2 I las there been any
! proclamation, or any call by the President of the
; United States, notifying the country that we were
! at war, and that the United States had been m-
; vaded}
i Mr. YULEE. Heave the Senator to make those
! discoveries for himself, ftis sulfite lent for me, that
j the President has called on Congress to make ail
; appropriation for troops, which he, under the
| laws of the United States, called into seiviee. if
! the Senator desnes anything more of thepaitieu-
: lar-j and history of the transition, I leave linn to
| seek it iums'df.
| Mr TRUMBULL. I should he glad to f^e
this call from the Piesident: the evidence that he
, has called upon us to pay the troops musteied
| into service in Flonda. i have seen no such mes-
; sage fiom the President. I have no recollection
1 of any such thing m his annual message, or in
any communication he lias made to Congress. I
i call for the yeas and nays on the adoption of the
j amendment.
| The yeas and nays were ordered.
; Mr. YULEE. I presume the Committee on
i Financecan furnish the gentleman with the proof
: of the fact that the Government have asked for
this approprintion.
Mr. PEARCE. The Committee on Finance
have already furnished that proof.
Mi. EESSENDE?x. 1 agree with the Senator
from Flonda, that th's mom y must be p;ud; but
I should reallv like to know how manv Indians
thei e were 11") Fl< h ida at th<v t im<' of th is i nvaMon.
Mr. YULEE. I should have b-um happy to
employ the Senaror fi on) Mai ue to a^eertain that.
The trouble has been thai we have not had armv
enoi'<>h to find out how many there were, hut
muitiers have been committed all the while, and
the Government of the United Su-ites has not been
able to give the piotection which it was its duty
to give to the population of Florida. H avmg tied
the hands of the State of Flonda, by the pro\ ision
in the Constitution which pievented its waging
war, tins Government assumed the duty to pro-
tect th'.m, which it has not been able to fulfill* ior
I loodshed has continued all the. while; and it is
only since the field lias been taken by the Florida
volunteers, under this call of the President, and
has been left to them, that the Indians have been
harassf d and cut to pieces, that they have sur-
render! d and retired, and that it has been an-
nounced by the commanding general of the Uni-
ted States army there that the war is ended m
Flonda; which fact I am happy to communicate
to the Senetoi from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN Oim question more. Will
the Seuatoi inform me whether tin re is anything
in the Constitution of the United States prohibit-
ing the people from defending themselves? 1
j Mr. YULEE. No, sir; and it has been on that
' right of self-defense and self-preservation that the
; people of Flonda have been obliged mainly to rely
| for their protection.
I The question being taken by yeas and nays,
I resulted—yeas 2(), nays 12; as follows:
| VDAS— Messrs. Mien, B.ivaid, Benjamin, Bijrler, Bright,
; Cltnaman, Davis, Fewnden. Fitch, Fit/.patnck,' Foot,
I vlieen, < 'wut. Hammond. Ilavne, Hunter, joies, .Mallory,
IVlaj-on, I'earce, Polk, Pugh, Reid, Shdeil, Wright, and Yu-
Jee—&).
NA VS—- Messrs. Broderick, Dixon, Doohttle, Foster,
Hailan, Johnson of Arkmwa->, Johnson of Tennessee, King,
Sew aid, Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilson—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
.Mr PEARCE. I ha\'e another amendment
from the Committee on Finance. 1 will remark
that when the volunteers, for whose payment we
have just provided, were discharged, ten compa-
nies were mustered into service by the succes-
sor of General Harney, and the Department un-
dertook to pay them with funds drawn from the
appropriations for suppressing Indian hostilities,
and for marching volunteeis into the service—two
funds which 1 -suppose were strictly and properly
appropriated to such an object as this; but one of
the accounting officers has taken it into his head
that they were not pioperty applicable to this ser-.
vice. How, 1 cannot imagine; because the gen-
eral appropriation for suppressing Indian hostil-
ities would seem to cover this object precisely.
The allowance is necessary to be made, having
i been refused to be passed by the accounting offi-
cers. The amendment which I now offer is the
; last amendment of the Committee on Finance,
whudi proposes to authorize the application of
, these balances:
l ml he it further enacted, That the balances from the
appropriation*- tor preventing and *uppre^in« Indian bo«-
j ulitf-v, and lor uavehny allowance to volunteers, aheady
i expended in iIm* pa) utent « f Flonda vuhnueeis, called mro
; -.i'ivic*.1 ii\ autliontv of the War Department, may he ap-
; plied liv tlie accountingollieer-- o; the Treasury to the •*ett!e-
; nient oi the account's of paymasteis by whom said balances
] were di-bui-ed.
The amendment was agreed to.
! Mr. DAVIS I have some amendments to offer
. from the Committee on Mditai y Affairs. The first
is to ins •: i afu r line fifteen:
i Pro- u!i .7, Thai the -up' niu-mdcnt of the Military Acad-
enn , while -.<jt vim: a - -ur-h bv appointment of the Pte-Mdent,
•dial! have the local rank, the pav and allowances of a col-
: on< i ot en^ineei^; that the commandant of the corps of
cadeta at ilie Militaiy Academy, while t-ervnig a-, --ueh by
I appointment ot the President, fhall Jiave the local rank the
, pay and allowance^ of a heuteii.tnt colonel of engineers;
and. bendes hi> other dirie^. .--iKiif lie <. liaijri.d with the duty
of in--true'n) m the tae;jn< of the three ni rn^ .it «.nd acad-
emy : and that the senior a-«i-tant insti uc.oi in each of the
ai m> of "•<•! vice—town aiuih'tv eavahv, and sritantry—
; jdiail vci .-illy leceive th" pay and alIo\vaucc  of the assist-
ant piote>^(Ji of maiheniatic>.
Mr. HUNTKR. Does this increase the pay
of those officers ?
Mr. DAVIS. It does slightly. It increases the
pay of the superintendent §50, of the command-
ant $-£, and of each of the first assistants, three
in number, $16 07; making the gross increase
$104 a month. 1 think it will greatly nnpio\e the
organization, and relieve the Government from
some embanasMiK rits it now has in the selection
of a supf t in:endent; and p)event it fiom having
to appoint as commandant an officer too young
to heve h.-on tried m the field, and to have that
s'>11 of reputation which is necessary to govern
young so Id io i s, and is greatlv advantageous in
the formal ioi) e; t!n> ( haraoter of those who are to
be ofiiceis of the Army. I believe it will confer
a great benefit at a very small expense.
The. amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The nextamendmentoftheCom-
mittee on Military Affairs is, in line one bundled
and thirty-eight, after the wosd "in,'' to insert
" the manufacture of cannon and cannon powder,
and for tests of;" so as to make the clausc lead:
Foi the emrcnt cxpor^-e^ of the ordnance -'(Mvief. inehul-
lnsr e\p<Miinent< ni the manufactme of cannon and cannon
povvdt r. and lor U.'-t^ of anus and ammunition, Uoi othei-
wi-e ])' ov ided ioi. ,<15(),()U0
I will merely state to the Senate that some ex-
periments have shown that we have been m great
error as to the mode of casting cannon. 1 am
nivsf'f univjncod that they ought to be oast hol-
low, with a stnam of water passim?; through the
meta'. I think it has-been shown conclusively,
by recent exj'iertment, that wt have matli' a gieat
error in making cannon powd<r too quick, and
we ought to go on wn'u investigations to uscer-
