2788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
tain how cannon powder should be made, so as
to give the greatest range to the projectile and the
least danger of explosion to the piece. I have not
proposed to change the amount as passed by the
House of Representatives, but to introduce words
which I think are covered by the language now in
the bill; but that language being of somewhat
doubtful meaning, I propose to introduce words
that will make it certain.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I propone further, in behalf of
the Committee on Military Affairs, to insert after
Jine one hundred and forty-six:
For the purchase of breech-loading carbines of the best
model, $45,POO.
This is a proposition which was before the
Committee on Finance and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and which was in-
tended to be included in the amendment offered at
an earlier part of the day. It is now presented as
a separate amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I am opposed to any such
appropriation at this time, because it seems to me
we are appropriating enough to the manufacture
of arms. This bill contains an appropriation of
$400,000 for the manufacture of arms in the na-
tional armories. In addition to that, there is a
permanent appropriation of $200,000 for the pur-
chase of arms for arming the militia. The two
together make $600,000. I do not see why they
may not, out of the permanent appropriation of
$200,000, try these experiments.
Mr. DAVIS. I will answer the chairman of
the Committee on Finance in a sentence, and
really I am unable to speak much, and I hope a
few words will suffice. It is not possible to spend
one dollar of that appropriation in the manufac-
ture of breech-loading arms, unless they expend
a large portion of it in machinery suited to the
manufacture of breech-loading arms. Unless,
therefore, it be justified by the intent to manufac-
ture a very large number of arms, we are thrown
back, of necessity, upon the purchase.
Mr. HUNTER. I spoke of the appropriation
of $200,000, which is designed and generally used
to purchase arms from contractors. !
Mr. DAVIS. You may purchase from con-
tractors, or you may take from the armories the
arms manufactured by the Government. The
Department generally takes from the armories,
the evident object being to put into the hands of
the militia such weapons as they will be required
to use in time of war.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this ap-
propriation, if passed, ought to be deducted from
the $200,000. I do not think we ou^ht to add to
the entire appropriation for arms. We find that I
these large appropriations lead to this conse- I
quence: we accumulate large stocks of arms which 1
are superseded by subsequent discoveries; and i
the result is, that we have to sell them for little or j
nothing. The expediency of accumulating arms :
in such numbers, I think, is more than doubtful;
but if this appropriation is to pass, it ought to be
deducted from the permanent $200,000 appropri-
ation. j
Mr. DIXON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi, by insert-
ing after the word " model" the words " to be
selected and approved by a board of ordnance
officers;" so as to make it read:
For the purchase of hrecch-loading carbines of the ben
model, to be selected and appioved by a board of oidimnco
officers, $45,000.
Mr. SIMMONS. I hope that will not prevail.
Mr. DIXON. I believe the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is willing to accept my amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I like it very well. I think those
officers are the best judges.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to amend the amend-
ment by providing for the purchase of new arms,
or the alteration of old arms into breech-loading
arms, so as to make it entirely discretionary with
the Secretary of War whether he will purchase
new arms, or use the economical process ofchang-
ing the old ones. The Senator from Mississippi
suggests that this amendment is for carbines, but
I am told—I again repeat that! am unfortunately
ignorant on this subject—that the process of chang-
ing" muskets and niles can be adapted to the car-
bine by simply shortening the barrel, and there-
fore that difficulty may be obviated. The musket
and rifle, by this change, may be reduced to the :
carbine
Mr. SIMMONS. The Secretary of War has
made a distinct request for an appropriation of
this amount for purchasing breech-loading car-
bines for cavalry purposes. At the suggestion of
the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] I
told him that I hoped he would permit the ques-
tion to be taken on this proposition by itself, and
if he wanted to alter any arms, bring that forward
as a separate proposition, and not embarrass the
one with the other. To that he assented; but the
other Senator from Louisiana is about to mix them
up. I voted with him before in regard to the al-
terations, and I hope he will permit the question
to be taken on this amendment by itself,
Mr. SLIDELL. My amendment is, to insert
the words " the alteration of old arms, so as to
make them breech-loading arms, or for," after
the word "for," in the amendment of the com-
mittee; so that the whole will read: '
For the alteration of old arms, so as to make them
breech-loading arms, oi for the purchase of breech-loading
carbines, of the best model, $45,000.
Mr. DIXON. Is the amendment of the Senator
from Louisiana amendable ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is an amend-
ment to an amendment, and cannot be amended.
Mr. DIXON. Then I ask the Senator from
Lousiana to accept an amendment to his amend-
ment, providing that the models for these breech-
loading guns shall be selected by a board of ord-
nance officers.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have no objection to that.
Mr. FITCH. There is some incongruity in
the amendment. I should be very glad to vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Louisiana,
but it contemplates making outof the old muskets
what cannot be made outof that material—car-
bincs. They are of different caliber, with differ-
ent shaped stocks, and different shaped barrels;
and it is utterly impossible for them to be made
into carbines by any piocess short of new man-
ufacture.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana, os modified
at the suggestion of the Senator from Connecti-
cut, is to make the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, read as follows:
For the alteiation of old arms, so as to make them
brecch loading arms, on a model to be selected and ap-
proved by a board of ordnance officers, or for the purchase
of bieeoh-loadincr carbines, of the best model, to be in like
manner selected and appioved by a board of oidnance offi-
cers, $w,ooi).
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
I have nothing to say. The subject has been
fully discussed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish the Senator from
Louisiana would withdraw his amendment, and
present it as a separate proposition.
Mr. SLIDELL. Can the Senator show me a
good reason for doing so ?
Mr. SIMMONS. When they were together
before, they were both voted down. Now I
should like to try them separately.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator can give me
an assurance of a better vote in that way, I may
accede to his susrsestion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Louis-
iana to the amendment offered by the Senator
from Mississippi.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not wish to have the
yeas and nays on the amendment to the amend-
ment, but on the insertion of the amendment as
amended. 1 thought the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana had been accepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Mississippi does not accept the amendment
of the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. HUNTER. Then, by general consent,I
am willing to withdraw the calf for the yeas and
nays. It is on the final vote that I want them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to allowing the call for the
yeas and nays to be withdrawn.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am willing to withdraw the
amendment which I offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi:
For the purchase of breech-loading caibines of the best
model, to be selected and apnroved ov a board of ordnance
omcers, $45,001
Mr. HUNTER. On that, I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bigler, Bright, Broder-
ick, Brown. CoNamer, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster, Gwm, Havne, Houston,
Iverson,Kennedy, King, Mal)ory,ltice, Sebastian, Seward,
Simmons, Slidell, Trumbull, Wilson, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Cameron, Clay, Uhn«Tman,
Fessenden, Green, Harlan, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee,
Jones, Mason, Polk, Pugb, lteid, Stuart, Wade, and Yu-
lee—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now renew the amendment
which I withdrew. It is to insert after the word
"for," in the amendment just adopted, "the
alteration of old arms, so as to make them breech-
loading arms, or for."
Mr. DIXON. I propose the same amendment
which I offered before, which I presume the Sen-
ator from Louisiana will accept, requiring the
model to be selected and approved by a board of
ordnance officers.
Mr. SLIDELL. I accept that.
Mr. HUNTER. Do I understand that this is
an additional appropriation?
Mr. SLIDELL. Not at all.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand it is to amend
an amendment we have already adopted. We
cannot do that. The Senator can only reach his
j object by offering an independent proposition, and
| then he will have to say how much he proposes
i to appropriate. I raise the question of order that
| a Senator cannot offer an amendment to an amend-
j ment which has already been adopted.
r The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
i The Senator from Louisiana will have an oppor-
' tunity of renewing his amendment in the Senate,
when the bill shall have been reported from the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SLIDELL. I prefer to have it done now,
if there be any mode of doing it consistent with
; the rules.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
j cannot move an amendment to an amendment
which has already been adopted, but he can offer
' an independent proposition.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I move an additional
clause, appropriating $25,000 in conformity with
the suggestion of the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. KING. It is not in order to move to in-
crease the appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senator
from Mississippi through with the amendments
of the Committee on Military Affairs ?
Mr. DAVIS. I have some others.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
will first receive the amendments of the commit-
tee.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understand that the chair-
] man of the Committee on Military Affairs has no
; objection to my amendment being now considered.
} It appears to me to be entirely germane to the
j matter we are upon, and I prefer to have it tested
I in committee. I will state very frankly that if
my amendment now does not prevail, I shall vote
against the whole appropriation for the purchase
of arms. My amendment is to insert after line
one hundred and forty-six:
For the alteration of old arms, so as to make them bieech-
lojiding aims', upon a model to be selected and appioved by
a board of ordnance officers, {$25,000.
Mr. KING. I inquire whether it is in order
to move an additional appropriation?
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator from New
York will suggest his point of order, I will hear
it.
Mr. KING. The amendment proposes an in-
creased appropriation, and does not come from
any committee.
Mr. SLIDELL. This is only a motion to ap-
propriate $25,000 out of $100,000 before appro-
priated by the House of Representatives; so I
presume it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No doubt it is
in order.
Mr POLK. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] if this
is the amendment that he gave notice he would
offer at some time ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The same one in effect.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to inquire
what kind of arm it is proposed to change from
muzzle-loading into breech-loading;}
