1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m9
tiring1 board—and we are all, I trust, sick of that.
I do not wish to do any injustice,
A single word in relation to the allusion made
by the chairman as to what I have said on the
action of that committee. I went into the com-
mittee opposed to the five regiments; t did not see
the necessity of any increase at all; but if we were
to have an increase I preferred the bill proposed
by the chairman to the five regiments. Without
committing: myself in favor of any increase of the
Army, I assented to the report m this form. I
did not suppose the chairman understood me as
committed to its support here, becausc I certainly
said in the committee that I did not see my way
clear to vote for any increase of the permanent
Army ofthe United States. My political associate
on the committee, the Senator from New York,
[Mr. King,] was mostemphatic in his declaration
on that matter; and I told the chairman of the
committee and the supporters of the Administra-
tion, those who took into consideration the rec-
ommendations ofthe President and Secretary of
War, I wanted to interpose no obstacle to give
those gentlemen a fair opportunity to bring the
matter early before the Senate and the country.
I do not fee! that I am committed to the support
of the bill in any form. I must vote to strikeout
the fourth section, which, when it was proposed,
for the reason stated by the chairman so clearly
and forcibly, stfUck my mind as just. I believe it
is just and sound in principle now; but I am sat-
isfied, as we have established our Army in the
way we have, and added one regiment to another,
the effect will be to work injustice; and I fear we
.shall have great complaints from the officers, and
we shall go over perhaps the same series of fault-
finding, not so extensive I hope in regard to the
Army, that we have had from the Navy. I am
sure none of us wish to do any injustice to any
officers of the Army.
Air. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator will allow me a
moment. I do not wish to go into any remarks
other than to make a single reply to the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. COLLAMER. I shall wish to be heard
on this subject; and if the Senator from Missis-
sippi is to reply to each Senator, perhaps he had
better wait and reply to us in the aggregate.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not probably reply to any-
body else. I was merely proceeding to say to the
Senator from Massachusetts that the injustice of
which he speaks is rather the wounding of sensi-
bility; and the mode he takes wili not reach his
result. A major, for instance, lias been put into
a new regiment. If you confine his promotion to
that regiment, he never can, in any possibility,
come in such connection with an officer who for-
merly ranked him as to wound his sensibility;
but if you make the promotion run through his
arm of service, it will follow, and not very re-
motely, that that major will become a lieutenant
colonel of an old regiment, and there he will find
majors and captains under him who once ranked
him. Promotion by regiment, as long as you
continue to add regiments, does save the sensi-
bility much better than any other mode which
could be adopted. It is true that some old cap-
tain, looking 10 a majority and hoping for a va-
cancy in one of the new regiments, may find his
opportunities of promotion under the old system
better than under the new; but that is not his
right. He has left to him, if you adopt this sys-
tem, all that he would have if the new regiments
had not been raised, and exactly what he would
have had if those regiments had. been called rifle-
men, as was sometimes proposed. He loses noth-
ing except that advantage which he mi^ht gain
by having the right of promotion across into the
new regiments.
Mr. CB ANDLER. I donotpropose tooccupy
the time of the Senate at this late hour. I simply
propose to point out some of the injurious effects
which will be produced on the service by the pas-
sage of this fourth section. I hold in my hand
the Army Register, and from that I have collated
a few facts which will not require more than five
oreight minutes for me to read. I shall read them,
although I did not propose to do so when 1 col-
lated them.
Mr. FOSTER, With the consent of the Sen-
ator, I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned to Monday.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 11, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Smith Pyne, D. D.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
WILKINS'S POINT—SELECT COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced, as the select com-
mittee under the resolution of the 9th instant, in
reference to the purchase of a tract of land on
Wilkins's Point for fortification purposes, Messrs.
Haskin, Hopkins, Wood,Florence, and Hall
of Massachusetts.
KANSAS—SELECT COMMITTEE.
Also, as the select committee to which the Kan-
sas message of the President was referred, with
instructions, Messrs. Harris of Illinois, Ste-
phens of Georgia, Morrill, Letcher, Wade,
Q,uitman, Winslow, Bennett, White, Wal-
cridge, Anderson, Stevenson, Adrain, Buf-
finton, and Russell.
STEAMBOAT PASSENGER BILL.
The SPEAKER announced the first business
in order to be the consideration of House bill No.
45, the better to provide for the security ofthe lives
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, and that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr, Florence] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to yield to me, in order
that I may introduce a bill for reference.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no objection to yield j
for that purpose. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for theregu-1
lar order of business. i
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker, it is proper
that I should say to the Committee on Commerce, 1
and to the House, that I do not pretend to contest
the constitutional right of Congress to pass laws
regulating commerce upon the navigable waters
of the UtnU'd States, either on board of sail ves-
sels or steamers. My only purpose is to perfect
this bill submitted after investigation by that com-
mittee; and in making the inquiry yesterday in
relation to a tin rivet or plug, 1 did so to elicit the
sort of information which I conceive it to be the
duty of the committee to communicate to the
House, and which gentlemen should know when
they are perfecting a measure of so much import-
ance as this is considered to be. By referring to
the law passed in 1853, an act approved March
3, 1853, I find the following in reference to the
subject of fusible alloys and the hydrostatic pres-
sure required to test the strength of iron before it
is made into boilers:
<k That in or upon the outside flue of each outside high- ;
pressure boilei there is placed in a suitable manner alloyed ;
metal?, fusible by the heat of the boiler when raised to the i
highest working ptebsnre allowed, and that in or upon ilie !
top of the flues of all other high pressure boilers m the 1
steamer *uch alloyed nieuils are placed, as aforesaid, tusuig .
at ten pounds greater presume than said metals on the out- |
side boiler?, thereby, in each ease, lotting steam escape; ;
and that adequate and certain provision is made fornn am-
ple supply of water to feed the boilers at all tunes, whether
such vefst-l is in motion or not; t«o that, in high-pressure
boiler*, the water shall not be less than four inches above
the flue; Provided, however, In steamers hereafter supplied
with new high-pressure boilers, if the aUoy Ju es on the
outer boilers at a pressure of ten pounds exceeding the
working pressure allowed, and at twenty pound* above said
pressure on the inner boilers, it shall be a sufficient com-
pliance with this act.
Third. That in subjecting to the hydrostatic test afore-
said boilers, called and usually known under the designation
of high pressure boilers, the" itispectois shall assume one
hundred and ten pounds to the square inch as the maximum
pressure allowable as a working power for a new boiler forty- li
two inches in diameter, made of inspected iron plates at ji
leaht one foui th of an inch thick, in the best manner, and ;j
of the quality herein required, and shall rate the working m
power of all high-pressure boilers, whether of greater or less j
diameter, old or new, according to their strength compared
with this standard; and in all ca^ea the test applied shall ex-
ceed the working power allowed, in the ratio ot one hundred
and sixty-five to one hundred and ten, and no high-pressure
boilers hereafter made shall be rated above this standard:
and in subjecting to the test aforesaid that clas<? of boilers
usually designated and known as low-pressure boilers, the
said inspectors shall allow as a working powerot each new
boiler a pressure of only three fourth? the number of pounds
to the square inch to winch it shall have been subjected by
the hydrostatic test and found to be sufficient therefor, using
the water in such tests at a temperature not exceeding sixty
degrees Fahrenheit; but should such inspectors be ofthe
opinion that said boiler, by reason of its construction or
material, will not pafely allow so high a working pressure,
they may, for reasons to be stated specifically in their certif-
icate, fix the working pressure of said boiler at less than
three fourths of said test pressure; and no low-pressure
boiler hereafter made shall be rated in its working pressure
above the aforesaid standard: Jiiul provided, That the same
rules shall be observed in regard to boilers heretofore made,
unless the proportion between such boilers and the cylin-
ders. or tome other cause, renders it manifest that its appli-
cation would be unjust, in which cases the inspectors may
depart from these rules, if it can be done with safety ; but
in no case shall the working pressure allowed exceed the
hydrostatic test; and no valve, under any circumstances,
shall be loaded or so managed in any way as to subject a
boiler to a greater pressure than the amount allowed by the
inspectors, nor shall any boiler or pipe be approved which
is made in whole or in part of bad material, or is unsafe in
its form, or dangerous from defective workmanship, age,
use, or any other causc."
That is so much of the present law which it is
proposed to repeal. 1 now read, sir, the proofs
from the third section of the statement of experi-
ments upon the temperature of steam, which I
hold in my hand:
first proof.
Extract from the Report ofthe Boari-of Examiners ot Wath-
inston City, acting under the Secretary of the Navy, by
virtue of act of Congress.
By virtue of authority vested in the Secretary of the Navy
by an act of Congress, Professor Walter R. Johnson of
Philadelphia, Mr. Charles Reeder of Baltimore, and Dr.
Thomas P. Jones of Washington, were appointed a board
of examiners to make experimental trials of such inven-
tions and plans designed to prevent the explosion of steam-
boilers and collapsing of flues, as they might deem them
worthy of examination.
The commissioners met at the navy-yard at Washington
city, where their experiments were made. They found the
satety-guard m successful operation on one of the boilers
in use there; but determining that all their experiments,
embracing other inventions, could not be efficiently made
on boilers whilst the engines were in use for other purposes,
they got a new boiler constructed purposely. Their experi-
ments on the safety-guatd were continued during many
days, and were characterized by exceeding watchfulness
and mccty. The following is an extract from their report:
Table of observations to show the degree of sensibility of
Evans'* fusible alloy, used in testing his safety-guard.
Temperature by thermometer.
Evpert-
mont.
yo.
1..
2..
3..
4.
« o
S f3
rt *—
e o
si
if.
..320
..310
. .314
..313
 5 311
 6 311
 7 317
 8 
9 322
1 0 328
1 1 318
1 2 318-3
1 3 318
1 4 318.5
1 5 318 3
1 6 318
1 7 318
1 8 318
Experi-
ment.
S3
£-4 93
2>e$.
312
S10
311
310
310
310
316
320
315
313
312.5
315
315
314
312
319
312
312
* > 
a O
2'S
..318.5
..318.5
..320
,.315
..318
,.318
,.318
.318
.318
.318
2 9 317.5
3 0 317.5
No.
19..
20..,
21...
22...
23...
24...
25...
26...
27...
28.
a
•5
s o
<d to
if
312
313
315
314
314
313
313
313
313
312
313
312
Mean 317.48 312.91
312.91 rr-Tr:
Difference. 4.57
fWCOXD PROOF.
Extract from the Report qf Hon. Edmund Burke, Commis-
sioner of Patents, to the Senate of the United States, on
the subject of steam-boiler exptosions. Read in the Senate,
January, lo49.
"The operation [of Evans's safety-guard] is simple; the
alloy being melted, the spindle is as it were unsoldered, and
allowed to tui n; the chain is unwound from its drum; th«
weight falls on to a support prepared to receive it, and the
safety-valve is entirely relieved. The advantages of this
plan are that it not only indicates danger, butreheves it, and
that the spindle is sell-adjusting. The only operation re-
quiring the attention of the engineer is the rewinding of the
chain, an operation which could not be neglected without
stopping the engine."
kS The fusing point of the alloy does not change materially
by the repetition of the melting process."
" Mr. Evans's apparatus, when the alloy is properly pre-
pared, the apparatus fairly used and not tampered with,.is
one upon which considerable reliance may be placed-for the
purpose which it professes to accomplish—the indication
and relief of a dangerous elevation of temperature in the
metal of the boiler."
fourth proof.
Letter of the Chief Engineer at the Washington Navy-Yard,
United States Navy-Yard,
Washington, August 14, 1844.
Dear Sir: t have to acknowledge the reccipt of your
letter of the 9th instant, and, according to your request,
have again tested vour alloy. I find there is no difference
whatever m its inciting point. I have tried it at least twenty
times Mnce you were last here, and J find it uniformly melts
at a pressure of one hundred pounds, or a temperature of
three hundred and twenty-four degrees, corresponding to
that pressure, winch is the point it was set by you to melt
at, three years ago.
1 would also state, in the different trials I have mad^ with
