mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17&5
months, by the said heirs or legal representatives,
in favor of the United States, of the land origin-
ally included in three grants from the Government
of Spain, and confirmed by the commissionerfor
investigating land titles in the district west of
Pearl river, by reports numbered 48, 49, and 50.
And that, in accordance with said act of Congress,
(as appears from a commi\mcation made by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office,) a cer-
tificate was issued by the register and receiver of
the land office at Monroe, Louisiana, on the26th
of June, 1837, to Augustus S. Phelps, the repre-
sentative of the heirs aforesaid, for one thousand
and sixty-six acres and seven hundredths of an
acre, in full satisfaction of the one thousand and
seventy acres granted by the act of July, 183G,
which was located upon certain desciibed lands,
and that the said lands thus described have since
been sold by the Government to other parties, and
been patented to them; and that there was nothing
in his office showing that nny attempt had been
made to locate the remaining portion of two thou-
sand seven hundred and eighty-nine acres. In the
absence ofthe papers submitted by the Hon. Miles
Taylor, when the bill was first introduced, m Au-
gust last, giving the reasons why nolandsiwd been
obtained, and no attempt made to locate the largest
portion of the gram, and which cannot now be
found by the cleiks of the House, the commiltcc
have taken the statement of Mr. Taylor, himself,
who, from having been at one lime counsel for
some of the parties in interest imdet the said act,
says that it was in consequence of a legal contest
then going on, and winch continued for several
years, between those parties. As the parties, by
the Government sole to others, lost the location
made within the period fixed by law, and could
not locate any portion of remainder, for the rea-
son stated, the committee see no reason why the
said actof l836should not be revived for another
year's time. And, although it is now impossible
to find in Raid State, in compact bothes, such a
quantity of land, of much value, the committee
have not thought proper to recommend any change
in the original law; and report back the bill, with-
out amendment, for the favorable consideration of
the House.
No objection beingmade,the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
REGIS LOISEL.
The next case on the Calendar was taken up,
being a bill (H. R. No. 211) for the relief of Re-
gis Loisel, or his legal representatives.
The bill, which was read, provides that Regis
Loisel, or his legal representatives, be confirmed
in their title to a certain tract of land ceded by Don
Carlos Dehault Delassus, Spanish Governor of
Upper Louisiana, on the 25th of March, 1800, to
Itegis Loisel, situate in what was then known as
Upper Louisiana,on the-Missouri river, including
Cedar Island, as id was surveyed on the 20th of
November, 1805, by Antonio Soulard, surveyor
general for the Territory of Louisiana, according
to the plat now on file in the archives of the Mis-
souri district. But it is provided that if said tract
of land, or any part thereof, has been located by
any other person, under any law of the United
States, or has been surveyed and sold by the Uni-
ted States, this act shall confer no tale to such
lands m opposition to the rights acquired by such
location or purchase; but Loisel, or his legal rep-
resentatives, shall be permitted to make a reloca-
tion on an equal amount of the public lands as
may be taken by such location or purchase, that
may be subject to entry at private sale, at a price
not to exceed §1 25 per acre; and the surveyor
general for the district of Missouri shall issue a
certificate to authorize the same.
The second section provides that the location
authorized by this act shall be entered with the
register of the proper land office, who shall, on
application for that purpose, make out a certificate
of such location as in other cases; and if it shall
appear to the Commissioner of the General Land
Ofiicc that the certificate has been obtained accord-
ing to the provisions of the act, then patents shall
issu^ as m other cases. And itis fuvtherprovided,
that if it shall be found that the tract of land has
not been located by any other person, or has not
been sold by the United States, in that case apat-
ent shall be issued for the same as in other cases.
The report, which was read, states, that, on the
25th of March, A. D. 1800, the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor of Upper Louisiana granted to Regis Loisel
a certain tract of land on the Missouri river, about
twelve hundred miles from its mouth, including
i Cedar Island; that the same was surveyed by Don
| Antonio Soulard, survcyorgcncral fortTpperLou-
isiana, and a plat made thereof; that all the pa-
pers and documents relative to the same were
; recorded in the recorder's office established for the
j recording of land titles in Upper Louisiana, ac~
! cording to the actof Congress in such cases made
] and provided; that, in August, 1806, and in Scp-
i tember, 1830, application was made to the board
| of commissioners to have suiu claim confirmed;
j that the same was rejected, and claimants requiied
i to furnish further proof. That, in July 1833, and
| November, 1834, the same was again presented
• for confirmation, and additional proof given; but
i the same was not confirmed, because said board
i held that they did not bavejurisdiction of the case;
! that over three hundred claims that were reported
favorably on by the committee that acted under
the acts of 183*2-33, and confirmed by the act of
1836, were rejected by the former board of com-
missioners; that said grant is absolute and uncon-
ditional; and that it appears from the same, and
| the petition to the Lieutenant Governor, that the
i scud Loisel had established a fort on said tract of
, land m the Indian country, at his own expense,
j and that he had rendered important services tohis
t Government in discovering and exploring the In-
! dian country and establishing amicable relations
i between them and his Government; that in so
: doing he had suffered heavy losses.
! The committee state that, from the petition to
the Lieutenant Governor, the grant by him, and
: survey by the surveyor of Upper Louisiana, and
, the evidence taken holme the boaid of commis-
i wioiKTS, and now of record, they arc satisfied that
' said petitioner's grant and survey were made in
good faith, and are genuine. The committee are
of opinion that from the stipulations of the treaty
by which we acquired Louisiana, and the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court of the United States
in regard to these inchoate Spanish titles, rights
were vested in lleiris Loisel; that justice and good
faith on the part of this Government require"that
his  'i£hts should be protected, and that the claim
should be confirmed to Loisel, or his legal repre-
sentatives. The third article of the treaty of the
30th April, 1803, by which Fiance ceded to the
United States the Louisiana Ten itory", provides
that " the inhabitants of the ceded Territory shall
be incorporated in the United States, and admitted
as soon as possible, according to the principles of
the Federal Constitution, to the enjoyment of all
the rights, advantages, and immunuie's of citizens
of the United States, and in the mean time shall
be maintained and protected in the free enjoyment
of their liberty, property, and religion which they
possess." (fc>ee United' States Statutes at Large,
volume 8, page S03.)
In the ease of Chouteau's heirs r<?. the United
States, (volume 9, Peters"s Reports, page 137,)
Judge Marshall says: " The lieutenant governor
was also a sub-delegate, and as such was author-
ized to make inchoate grants. They are prop-
eily, capable of being alienated, of being subject
to debts, and areas such to bo held as sacred and
inviolate as other property." If Judge Marshall
is right that these inchoate grants are property
then they are protected by treaty; and when the
inhabitants of the ceded territory were incorpo-
rated into the United States, we were bound by
the treaty to complete their titles. Our national
honor demands it. It cannot be that the United
States will violate the treaty, and confiscate the
lands of the inhabitants in the ceded territory. In
the case of Delassus vs. the United States, (Peters,
volumeO, page 117,) Judge Marshall says: " The
stipulations of the treaty ceding Louisiana to the
United States, affording that protection or secur-
ity to claims under the French or Spanish Gov-
ernments to which the acts of Congress refer, are
in the first, second, and third articles. They
extend to all property until Louisiana became a
member of the Union, into which the inhabitants
were incorporated as soon as possible, and admit-
ted to all the rights, advantages, and immunities
of citizens of the United States. The perfect in-
violability and security of property is among these
rights. The right of property is protected and
secured by the treaty; and no principle is better
settled in this country than that an inchoate title
to land is property. This right would bave,b§en
reserved independent of the treaty/ !TJie'sover-l
eign who acquires an inhabited country acquires-
full dominion over it; but this dommion isafevej*
supposed to divest the vested rights of indivi£|A|L^
in property. The language of the treaty eefiln^
Louisiana excludes any idea of interfering with
private property. The concession to the" peti-
tioner was legally made by the proper Authorities/
A grant or concession made by the officer'wJ)p is
by law authorized to make it carries with itjoWma
Jacie evidence that it is within his power. He
who alleges that an ofiker, intrusted with, an im-
portant duty, has violated his instructions,'must
show it." .
The committee report a bill confirming the grant
or concession.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside*
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
that it do pass.
Mr. ENGLISH. On yesterday I gave notice
to the House that I intended, at one o'clock to-
day, to make a report from the committee of con-
ferenceinrelationto the disagreeing votes between'
the two Houses upon the bill for the admission of
Kansas. To enable me to make a report, I move
that the committee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar
had had several bills under consideration, and had
directed him to report to the House, bills of the
House Nos. 209,211,100, and 214, with a recom-
mendation that they do pass.
A OMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 am instructed by the com-
mittee of conference, appointed by the two Houses
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill entitled " A bill for the admission of Kan-
sas," to make the report which I now send to the
Cierk's desk.
The report was read, and is as follows:
The committed of conference appointed to consider the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment to
the Senate bill No. 161, entitled tc A bill for the admission
ofthe State of Kansas," report that they havo had tile sub-
ject under consideration, and have given it that caieful,
patient, and mature deliberation which they conceive i(ta
importance demands, and have agieed upoua'n amendment
in tho nature of a&ubstitute for the House amendment to the
Semite bill.
They earnestly recommend the adoption of this amend-"
meat by the two lloutes of Connie-**.
JAMES S*. GREEN,
It. M. T. HUNTER,
Managers on the pat I of the Senate.
WILLIAM II E\"OLfSIl,
ALEXANDER IT. S n-U'flENS,
Managers on the pait of ike Huusu.
Tho undPrsisnPd, one of the mamiweis on the pait ofthe
Senate, docs not agiee in the foros o,n!  repoit.
WILLIAM II. SEWAItl).
The under-igned, one of the mana<*eis! on the pait of tile
tlou^c, docs not dgice in the foroaoin? report.
WILLIAM A. IlOWARa
Whereas, the people ofthe Ten itory of Kansas d.u, by a
convention of delegates assembled at Leeompton, on the
1 tli day of November, 1857, foi that puipoac, form for them-
selves a constitution and State government, which confu-
tation is republican; and wheieas, at the same tune and
place, said convention did adopt an ordinance, v> Inch paid
uidiuance asserts that Kansas, when admitted as a Slaty,
will have an undoubted right to tax tho i.i.ids withm her
limits belonging to the United States, and propo&os to rclui-
fjUi-h said asserted light if certain condition-: set f-mh >u
said ordinance be accepted and agiced to by the Congioss
of ihe United States; and whereas, the paid eon>umuon
andordmanco have been piesented to Congress lu oidci of
said convention, and admission of pa*d Teirix<>ry into th'i
Union thereon, as a State, rerpiestod; anu wh^ie.m. said
oidmaitce is not acceptable to Con^re^. and n h deniable
to ascertain whether the people Kan«a* or.eur in tho
changes m said ordinance heremaih'i- caied. and desire ad-
mission into the Union aj a State as herein piopovod: Tneie*
fore,
Jteil enacted by the Senate and Ifoute of Heprcsc.italipe*
of the United States of America in Con <r /vss o^emi'led. That
the State of Kansas bo, and is he.ehv, ;uiM tted into the
Union on an equal footing with tiieoi^.n.U Siou v m allte-
sjvct.5 whatever, but upon tins find nnontd condition pre-
cedent, namely : that the question of aduji-'ion with the
following proposition m lieu of the <>i ihsiatiee trained at J le-
eompton be submitted to a vote of the people of Kansa®, and
assented to by them or a majority ofthe voie.s voting at an
election to be held for that tmrp we, namely : Tnat the fol-
lowing propositions be, and tho same aio hereby, offorej! to
the people of Kaunas for acceptance or leieetion, which, if
accepted, shall be obligatory on the United States,and upon
the f-aid State of Kansas, to wit: First, that sections num-
ber sixteen and thirty-six in every town&hip of public lands
in said State, or, where either of said sections Or any part
thereof has heen sold or otherwise disposed of, other
equivalent thereto, and as contiguous as may be, shall w
gianted to said State for the ut-e of schools. Second, taat
seventy-two sections of land shall be set apartand resei vea
