2790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
which the Senator from Mississippi took it for
granted the Senate were aware of,.and therefore
did not state. Congress passed a law authoriz-
ing surveys of different routes to the Pacific; and
he was employed under that law, as I understand.
Mr, DAVIS. He went out under Stevens.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. Stevens was sent out in
pursuance of that law.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And the service, therefore,
was in pursuance of a law of Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
decided the amendment to be in order. From this
decision the Senator from Virginia appeals. The
question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
The decision of the Chair was sustained—ayes
twenty-four, noes not counted.
Mr. IiUNTER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment. It ought not to be nut on
this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and taken,
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Hell. Benjamin, Cisrler. Hriqtit,
Brcuteuck. Brown, Davis,Douglas. Fessenden,"Fitch, Fil?.-
patrick, Foot, Fostei, Green, Gwin, lv r<on, Kennedy,
Mallnry, Seward, Sumnoiw, Wade, <vnd Wil-on— -23
NAYti—Messrs. Bayard, Chandler, Cl.uk, Clay, Chnjj-
mrin, Chittenden, Dixon, Doolutle, Hammond, I!a\ne,
Houston, Iluntet, Johnson of Tentte^ee, Pomee, i'olk,
Pugli, Reid, s>!uioil, Tiumlmll, and Wtight—'30.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. SEWARD. With the. leave of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, as I wish to be absent for
a little while, I ask leave to offer now an amend-
ment from the Committee on Naval Affaus, which
i offered lust night to the naval appiopruition lull,
but which was then arrested on thy motion of the
Committee on Priming. That oommu'eo have
withdrawn their objection, and consent! d that [
should offer the proposition now. I boheve theie
is no opposition to if. My amendment is:
.find b<' it fmtki'r onatLc'l, Til,it there In1 appiopnated out
Oi any money in the Tie.wny not oiheiut-e appiopi iated5
for pie pat mih foi pi i tiling iho eiiai t-. of ihe Itelmnu'-
sirnl N'otth Piu-ifii' >tmv\in<  and e\pio;iii!x expedition*-,
under the conuol und duoenou ofthe Secietary oi the Navy,
but not loi pi mting me *ame, $>G;"iOl>.
Mr. JO I INSON",of Arkan-as. This subject was
referred yesterday to tho Committee on L'rmtiii",
and we reported this morning against an oider for
printing these charts. Ourieasnn foi mnkttu; this
report was that the e.hai ts ai e not yet in e vciwtenee,
and we (ltd not think it in aeeordanee with those
rules which had hitherto been heM.and theprae-
tieo which had heretofore pievailed, to order the
priming of matter which has no existence, because
it is impossible to get a just estimate of its cost,
as is requited by our rules bH'oie we make Mich
an oi der. Under these ciiTiimstances, we i epm ted
adversely to the proposition to pi nit those charts;
but 1 am at iiboi ty to say that the Printing Com-
mittee have no objection to Inning the "tailing
charts piepaied, so that they may hcienrter bo
printed, if t hat he necessaiy. 1 will say individ-
ually , for myself, that I believe the^e e.harts ought
to bo piopared. They are mere sailing charts, if,
when prepaied, we shall see that the cost of pi mt-
mg theut is not urneasonablo, and that they are
such as the Department will indorse, it will be ap-
propriate to order them to be printed. J will sup-
port the amendment as it is now presented.
Mr. KK;Vi\Ei)V. [ wish to ask tbe honoia-
b!e Senator fiom JN"e w Yoi k by whom these charts
wcte made ?
Mr. SEWARD. Captain Pledgors, and those,
connected with 'he expedition.
Mr. KENNEDY. Are Captain Ringgold's
chaits included P
Mr JOIIXSOiN", of Arkansas. It includes both
the North Pacific and the Behnng's Sti aits explo-
rations,as 1 understand. Theamendment places
the matter under tin* supervision and control of
the Secretary of the Cvivy,and he will have tbu^o
charts prep.-tied which he thinks ought properly
to be piepaied,
Mr. K'ENNEDY. I understand it ine!ud"s
Captain Rinygohl '-j charts.
M r. SEW A IvD. It include? both expeditions.
The amendment was ngteed to.
Mr DA VfS, Tim Committee on Military Af-
fairs offer this amendment, to come in at the end
of the first section of the bill:
Tor thy cou-.nuetioii of budges, ami the impiovement o*
the cropsin^s of streams on the road from Fort Smith in
Arkansas, to Albuquerque in New Mexico, $50,000.
This route has always been an important one
for military transportation, and its value, I sup-
pose, is to be increased by a recent contract for
transporting the mail by water to Fort Smith once
in every two weeks. It is one of the most prac-
ticable routes we have from that frontier across
the continent. On the eastern portion of the route
there are a number of small streams which occa-
sionally it is difficult to cross. After passing over
beyond the ninety-ninth meridian, the water
courses are so small, and the whole country is so
and, that we believe there will be no necessity for
bridges beyond thai point. Morever, the expense
of bridging becomes so great as'you go from the
seat of the settlements, that the committee have
only thought piopcr to present the amendment
for tbe bridging and crossings of streams on the
eastern end of tins route. The natural load is
very good, and we have, thoicfore, only submit-
ted that amount which was estimated for bridges
and crossings of streams.
Mr. 1IUNTEU. It seems to me that if theie
is anything (hat ought to be postponed it is mili-
tmy roads. Here ate immense amounts appio-
priated in this b-11, and we are adding to jt laigely,
and I think we ot ghtat least to cut off these ex-
penditures for the present. I understand it js to
aid in the transportation ofthe mail mulct a eon-
tract which has been made for the overland post
route.
Mr. JOLTNTSO^, of Arkansas. There is no
exclusive object of that kind.
Mi. Fl vJN PER. It seems to me it ought to be
postponed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
ftoin Vnginu is incorrect in the supposition that
the only object of this proposition is to facilitate
the 11ni importation oi' the mail. That is the only
one <>( many inducements. Certainly we ate to
consider the benefits to etuigiation, which is a
mat tor of the gt eat est importance. AI ihtai y tran-
spmtation also is a mattei of very gieat nnpoit-
auce. The chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, I presume, is well awaie of the fact
that there is a region of country lying west, on
this line, that must be a point of future difficulty,
where our troops will be required without doubt.
Without going into that point further, i will
simply say, that the policy of opening wagon
loads across the continent has been lecogmzed
by Congress, and the objei.t is mamly to enable
our people to tiaverse tin, oountiv between the
Mississippi and the Pacific. I ran say to the
Senator Irom Virginia, who objects to this appro-
pnation, that the Committee on Milituiy Affairs
have consideied this .subject quite niatuu-ly. I
was not ptcsent at the meeting of the committee
when it was taken up, although it might be sup-
posed that as a representative of the State of Ark-
ansas, 1 should feel a'^ersonal int.nest m it. I
can tell the Senator fiom Vngima, that, with the
exception of another load, this is the only one
on which the committee make a favorable, report
nt this session. The other one is the Sah m and
Astoria road in Oregon. I hog now to read the
letter of the topographical bureau on tins sub-
ject, and I ask the attention of the Senate to it:
hnif.ir or To2>o<?r ii'iiiCAi. Kvoincers,
Washington-, Mj,/ s,
Sir: F have the honoi to acknowledge ihe ictereueo to
tin- otfieo ot il>e lettoi ofthe eSruunan <>l the MiliiaiyOoiu-
imttee ol the Senate of the oOth ultimo, icquutm? a report
ot the neeo^ity, cxpcdx'new ami piacticabihtv of making
nnlitaiy wa^ou ioa<U from l-Vti Smith. Atkaiw^. to AJbu-
qtit'tque, Now Me\uM, aari fiom i"niton. mAikan^asto
El Pa-o, m New Mexico, the piohable co-^t of each, t!tc
tune to complete, and the amount rcquned dining thecom-
as tKcal \ eai.
In obedience to vonr dnection^, I have the honor to
i''poit,that the eori^tiueuou of the-e io,nN will Ucihtate
nave! and einimatioa tioin nm we-tet n Ix.ideis to the boutii-
t-in po  t ion^ of the 'j'eu itocy of'New Mexico
<>! th-1 piaruc;U)iiiivofeonstttH-tii<i; the mads,theie does
not e\i-t a doubt, .is ihe puurie^ and p!anij tuin^li cveel-
li lit nauii ,ti id.kK rri>i- con-ron nnn will con--K-r in la\ ntq
out tlic it..nl--, the iiuildm^ot budget, and 21 ailing the ciot-5-
itni ot stiraia-5.
'JMnae, however. I.- not fhda in the otfieo upon which to
ba-< exact e 'nicuc- ot eo-vt Tlio hibos will l>e chi.'tty it;
tiaiiC'! u;,on tlii'1 tir--i two hamhed mile-> o( the tonN tiom
the \\ e<ici n bouie. • oi the Sua"-* ovei the punne eounti) ;
ill" t<'[>Mi,iii!v })i;! aou 01 euc a ot the j.oad  will be upon the
elevated pi,un-
it h te peciuil'y reenuiuiended that the sum of ^.">0.000
be appio])t!;uod toi ilie con-tiinnion of a nnlitaiy wa^oo
n>ad 1 Mil the Atk.'oi-iu-j ovli-. at Foit Smith, Aikan«a-, to
\!hui|uei<|iie, Now Mexico ; and that the -inn ot ^oO.Ou:) be
njjpioptuited fur the construction of a mihtaiy wagon load
from the Red river, at Fulton, Arkansas, to E! Paso, New
Mexico.
The umerequiied foi construclinaeach ofthe roads would
be one season, commencing about the Kt of Apui, or as
soon as the grass is sufficiently advanced to sustain the ani-
mals. The tund-s, thcrefoie, would not be icquired until the
latter half oi'-tho fiscal year
The militarv road fiom Fort Benton, on the Missouri
river, to Fort Walia-Walla, also refeited to in the Setter of
the chairman ofthe Committee on Military Affairs of the
Senate, is not under the dneetion of this bureau. An ap-
piopriation of,$30,000 ha* aheady been made for opening
the roads, and Lieutenant Mullen, of the artil!erv,has been
a-<isjried to the duty, under the immediate dnection of the
War Department.
Respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
J. J. ADERT,
Colonel Corps Topographical Kagincers,
Hon. John ft. Floyd, Secretary of War.
This recommendation is in pursuance of the pol-
icy adopted at the lastsession of Congress, when
we recognized it as the best course that could be
pursued to opon ordinary roads, by which emi-
grants could traverse this country—best for our
peace, best for the purpose of convincing the. Indian
tribes of the necessity of allowing out* people to
pass through their country quietly, without ob-
struction. I believe it is conclusively established
that the route from Fort Smith, which is about the
head of navigation of the Arkansas river, is one
of the very b«.st that there is upon the continent of
America, for making the crossing. It is proposed
to appropi idto only $50,000. With regard to the
route on the thirty-second parallel, starting from
Fulton, on the Red river, the committee have de-
clined to make any recommendation at this tune,
though it is recommended by the Department.
Other roads have had an appropriation for them,
and now only a small appropriation is asked lor
this road, on which emigration has already been
traveling without assistance. The groat obstacle
is as to the crossing of some of the small rivers,
111 time of high water, by which emigrants are
anested and compelled to encamp 011 the banks
until the stienm falls, causing them to consume
their ptovisions and supplies, and often causing
them aevei<? Ions, in their anxiety to get over,
whon they will attempt it too early and m too deep
water. The committee have thought t hat this one
apptopuution, out of the number before them,
ought to he made, and I trust that that policy
which has. heretofore been pursued towcuds the
uoithern portion of tins Union, will not now bo
denied, m this instance, to the best son the 1 n route,
probably,that there is for purposes of emigration.
I trust the amendment will prevail.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee 011 Territories, to offer an amendment,and
as it is connected immediately with this question,
I think it is more appropriate as an amendment
to this amendment. When it shall be read, it
will be found that it is for the com lunation of this
some route fiom Albuquerque to the Colorado
t lver. As it is a mere elongation of the same line,
I think it is proper as an amendment to this
amend ment.
Mr. DAVTS. Was that appropriated for last
your?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think not.
f The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright,)
The question is on the amendment to the amend-
ment, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment which is,
at the end of the amendment to insert the folio w-
mg:
And that the; sum of ,$100,000 be, and the same h hereby,
appiopriated, out of any money m the Tieasury not oihei-
wi-e appiopnated, to be expended m eonipletm^ connect-
I ui« M'Ctionf in the road extendni" trom Alhuqueifjue. in the
Temtoiy of Now .Mo\ieo, we^twaid. on th'j route of the
Coloiado nvei, 011 or neai the thmy-fitth poiaiiel of north
latitude.
II Mr. DOUGLAS. The letter of the Secretary
\[ will explain tins proposition.
jl Mr. GWlN. It will be recollected that at the
11 last Congress there were ^300,000 appropriated
li for a mihtaiy road by Salt Lake-, £*200,001) were
11 n ppropi iated for the road from El Paso to Fort
;; "S uma at the mouth of the Gila river, and but
ij $.">0,000 for this loute. This appropriation is
' simply to bung the amount on this route to the
j sum appropiiated for the route from El Paso to
j; Fort Y lima, 'tf the month of the Gila river, and
;! it is $100,000 less than was appropriated for the
p Salt Lake road. It is certainly one of the best
;1 routes across the continent, and 1 think, no pmend-
! ment more appropriate could be made to this bill,
ii Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask the Scnatorfrom
