1766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
for the support of a State university, to be selected by the
Governor of said'State. subject to the approval of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and to be appropriated
and applied iu such manner as the Legislature of said State
may presciibe for the purpose aforesaid, but for no other
purpose. Third, that ten entire sections of land, to be se-
lected by the Governor of said State, in legal sub- divisions,
shall be granted to said State for the purpose of completing
the public buildings, or for the erection of others at the seat
of government, under the directionof the Legislature there-
of. Fourth, that all salt springs within said State, not ex-
ceeding twelve m number, with six sections of land adjoin-
ing or as contiguous as may be to each, shall be granted to
said State for its use, the same to be selected by the Gov-
ernor thereof, within one year after the admission of said
State, and when so selected to be used or disposed of on such
terms, conditions, and regulations as the Legislature may di-
rect : Proifcied,That no salt spring or land, the light whereof
is now vested in any individual or individuals, or which
may hereafter be confirmed or adjudged to any individual
or individuals, shall, by this article, be "granted to said State.
Fifth, 1 hat five per centum of the netpioceed.s ot the sales of
all public lands lying within said Slate, which shall be'sold
by Congress after the admission of &aid State into the Union,
niter deducting all the expenses incident to the same, shall
be paid to said Stale for the purpose of making public roads
and internal impiovements,as the Legislature shall direct:
Provided, The foregoing propositions herein offered are on
the condition that said .State of Kansas shall never interfere
with the primary disposal of the lands of the fJmted Slates,
or with any regulations which Congress may find neces^aiy
for securing the title in said soil to bona fide purchasers
thereof, and that no tax shall be imposed on lands* belonging
to the United State*, and that in no case shall non-resident
proprietors be taxed lusher than residents. Sitlh, and that
t-aid State shall never tax the land.-' or pioporry of the United
States in that State. At the said election the voting shall
be by ballot, and by indorsing on his ballot, as eacli voter
may please, w proposition accepted." or "proposition ie-
jcctcd." Should a innjoi rty of the vote-* cast be for " ptop-
osition accepted," the President of the United States, as
soon as the fact i-> duly made known to him.shall announce
tlie same bv proclamation, and thereafter and without any
further proceedings on the part of Congress, the admission
of the State of Kansas into ihc Union upon an equal looting
with the original States in all respect* whatevei, shall be
complete and absolute, and said State shall be entitled to
one member in the Home of Uepresentauves m the Con-
gress of the United States, until the next census be taken
by the Fedeial Government. Butir-hould a uiapmty of the
votes cast be for " proposition rejected," it shall he deemed
and held that the people of Kansas do not desire admi^ion
into the Union with said constitution under the conditions
set lorth m said propo-mon. and m that event the people of
said Ten itory aie hereby atithoi ized and empowered to lorm
for themselves a constitution and State government by the
name of the State or Kan-as, aceoidmg to the Federal Cmi-
.stitution, and mav elect delegate"- fot that put pose, u beli-
ever, and not be tore, it is ascertained, by a eeu-u>, duly and
legally taken, that the population of said Tei ntoiy equals or
exceeds the mho of repirscut.iiiou icquiied for a member
of the House ot Repie--eutatives of the Congress o( the Uni-
ted States, and whenevei thereafter Mich delegates shall as-
semble in convention, they shall lir^t determine by a vote
whether u is the \vi->h of the people of the pioposod State to
be admitted into the Union at that tune, and if so, «ha!i pro-
ceed to form a constitution, and take ail neee^arv Mep-- (or
the establishment of a State government in eon'onuuy with
the Federal Constitution, subject to such limitations and
restrictions as to the modvj and manner of its approval or
unification by the people of the piopo^ed State as they may
have prescribed by law, ami shall be entitled to admission
into the Union as a State under Mich constitution thus fanly
and legally made with or without slavery, as said eonstitu- •
lion may pies-cribe.
Sec. 2. he it further rnn'terl, That, for the purpose i
of in-ming, as far a*> po-^iblc, that the election authonzed '
by this act may be fan and tree, the Govei nor, United States
di-iuct atrornev, and Secietaryot the Toiritoiy oi' Kan-.iv*, j
and the pi eliding officers ot ihc two blanches of its Legisla- I
ture, riamelv, the Purulent ot the Council and the Speaker!
of the House of Representatives, aie hereby constituted a |
boaid o! cniiiiiiij-ii'nici- to eairy into effect the pioviMons '
ot tins act, and to use all the mean-, nece^urv and proper i
to that end. Any three of them shall constitute a boaid, I
and the boaid shall have power and authouty to designate J
mid establish precincts tor voting, or to adopt those aheady 1
e->tabh-xhed ; to cause the polls to be opened at such places ■
as it rna> deem pioper in the respective counties and elec- -
Triou precincts of baid Terutoiy; to appoint, a.s judges of i
election, at each nf the several places ot voting, three dis- \
cieet and respectable persons, any two of whom shall be :
competent to act; to icq in re the she'rills of the several eoun- '
ties, by themselves oi deputies, to attend the judges at each
of the places of voting, for the puipose of preseivmg peace
and good order; or the said boaid may, instead ofsaid sher-
iffs and their deputies, appoint, at then discretion, and in
such instances as they may choose, othei fit persons for the
same purpose. The election hereby authouzed shall con-
tinue one day only, and shall not be continued later than
sundown on that day. The said boaid ?hall appoint the day
for holding said election, and the said Governor shall an-
nounce the same by proclamation ; and the day shall be as
warly a one a«* is consistent wiih due notice thereof to the
people of said Territory, subject to ihe provisions of this act.
The said board shall have full power to pi escribe the time,
manner, and places of said election, and to direct the tune
and manner of the leturns thereof, which returns shall be
made to the said hoard, whose duty it shall be to announce
the result hyptociamation ; and the said Governor shall cer-
tify the same to the President of the United States without
delay. I
Skc. 3 JJnd he it further enided, That in the election
hereby authored, ail white male inhabitants ot said Terri-
tory, over the age of twenty- one \ears, u ho potsp^s the qual-
ifications winch w<;i e required by the laws of «aid Tommy
for a legal vonr at the last geneial election for membeis of
theTeriitorial Legislature, and none others. shall be aUowed
lu vote ; and tin? shall be the only qualification leqmred to
entitle the citizens to the right of suffrage in said election ;
and if any person not soquahfied shall vote or offer to vote,
or if any person shall vote more than once, at said election,
or shall make ot cause to be made any false, fictitious, or
fraudulent returns, oi shall alter oi change any returns of
said election, such person shall, upon conviction thereof
before any competent court of jurisdiction, be kept at hmd
labor for not less than six months and not moie than three
years.
Sec. 4. And he it farther enacted, That the members of
the aforesaid board of commissioners, and all persons ap-
pointed by them to carry into effect the provisions of this
act, shall, before enteiing upon their duties, take an oath to
perform faithfully the duties of their respective offices, and
on failure thereof they shall be liable and subject to the
same charges and penalties as are provided in like Gase3
under the territorial laws.
Sec. 5. Jlnd he 11 fwither enacted, That the officers men-
tioned in the preceding section shall receive for their ser-
vices the same compensation a3 is given for like services
under the terinorial laws.
Mr, ENGLISH. Mr. Speaker, in view of the
state of the public business at this advanced pe-
riod of the session, and of the fact that this sub-
ject has already been more thoroughly discussed
than, perhaps, any other ever before Congress, I
do not propose making any extended remarks;
but I am authorized by a majority of the commit-
tee of conference on the part of the House to sub-
mit some of the views which they entertain in
relation to the pending question, and which, in
part, have influenced their action. They assumed
Ihe duties intrusted to them by the House, deeply
impressed with the heavy responsibilities resting
upon them.
A gieat question—perhaps the greatest of the
age—one which has agitated and engrossed the
public mind for the past four years—has at last
come to a crisis; and its probable solution is
brought directly to the decision of the represent-
atives of the States and the people.
Whilst adhering to what they believe to be cor-
rect principles, the committee endeavored to dis-
card that spirit which won id endanger the passage
of a groat measure, and probably hazard the peace
of the country, for the sake of an unimportant
point or unmeaning wot d.
The amendment proposed as a substitute is the
very best that the committee were able to agree
upon in view of the embatrassing circumstances
surrounding the question.
It is true that it proposes the admission of the
State on a condition; but in this respect it does
not differ from either the Senate bill or House
amendment. Both of these measures propose ad-
mission on conditions varying in their character
and object. Nor does it differ fiom several pre-
cedents in other cases, such as those of Michigan
and Iowa. The reason of the propriety, if not
necessity, of a condition in the case of Kansas
grows out of the peculiar nature of the applica-
tion. This is fully exemplified in the Senate bill;
for the admission in it is on an " express condi-
tion," which, however, makes no provision for
the acceptance by the people of Kansas of the
terms therein prescribed. What might be the ef-
fect of this omission is not altogether clear. The
; ordinance adopted by the convention at Lecomp-
ton, and submitted with the constitution, asseiia
that " the State of Kansas will possess the un-
doubted right to tax such lands for the support of
her State government, or for other proper and le-
gitimate purposes connected with her existence
1 as a State." And this asserted right she pro-
poses, on admission, to surrender, in considera-
tion that the Congress of the United States will
make her the following grants, namely:
" Sfc. 1. That sections numbered eight, sixteen, twenty-
four, and tlnity six, m ever) township in the State, oi in
case either of said numbered sections die or *hall be other-
wise disposed of, that other land'', equal theieto in value,
and as contiguous as may be. shall be gianted to the State
to be applied exclusively to the support of common schools.
See. 2 That all salt spungy, and gold, pdvor, copper,
lead, or other valuable mines, together with the landsneces
sary for their full occupation and use, shall be granted to
said State lor the use and benefit of said State ; and the
same shall be used or disposed of undei such terms, and con-
ditions and regulations a  the Legislature of said State shall
direct.
" Sec. 3. That five per centum of the proceeds of the sales
of all public lands sold or held in trust or otherwise lying
within the said State, whether sold before or after the ad-
mission of the State into the Union, after deducting all ex-
penses incidental to the same, <diall be paid to the said State
of Kansas foi the puipo^es following, to wit: two-fifths to
be disbuised under the dnection ot the Legislature ot the
State for the puipose of aiding the construction of raihoad3
witl.m said State, and the residue for the support of com-
mon schools.
"See. 4. Thatseventy-twosection5:,or two cmhe town-
ships, shall be desisuated by the Pie-identof the United
State.--, winch shall ba received for the use of a seminai y of
learning, and appropriated by the Legislature of said State
solely to the use of said beminarj'.
" Sec. 5. That each alternate section of land now owned,
or which may hereafter be acquired by the United States-
for twelve miles on each side of a line ot raihoad to be es-
tablished or located from some point on the northern bound,
at-y of the State, leading southerly through said State in the
directionof the Gulf of Mexico, and on each side of aline
of railroad to be located and established from some point on
the Missouri river, wet-twardly through said State in the
direction of the Pacific ocean, shall be reserved and con-
veyed to said State of Kansas for the purpose of aiding in
the construction of said riplroad ; and it shall be the duty
of the Congress of the United States, in conjunction with
the proper authorities of this State, to adopt immediate
measures forcairymg the several provisions herein con-
tamed into full effoct."
The proposition made to Congress by this or-
dinance is of the most extraordinary chaiacter,
and wholly inadmissible. A carefully-preparcd
estimate made at the General Land Office, at the
request of the committee, shows that Kansas
would receive an aggregate in lands, under her
ordinance, of twenty-three million five hundred
and ninety-two thousand one hundred and sixty
acres, worth,at the minimum Government price,
$29,490,200; and this is exclusive of other benefits
claimed, and of what she might receive for lands
containing mines of the useful and precious met-
als, except coal lands. The amendment agreed
to by the committee proposes to give her the usual
grants which have been made to most of the new
States, and which embrace precisely the same
quantity proposed to bo given by the Crittenden
amendment. Under this amendment, Kansas
would receive some twenty million acres of land
less than she would receive under her ordinance;
making a difference in favor of the United States
—estimating the land at the minimum price—of
§25,000,000.
The amendment agreed upon may not be per-
fect; but, if this fail, it is fair to presume that all
available parliamentary expedients for reconcil-
iation will be exhausted, and that the question
will bo loft open to still further excite sectional
prejudices, and endanger the peace and prosper-
ity of the country.
If the substitute is passed, the Kansas question
departs at once from the Halls of Congress, per-
haps never to return; but even if it should return,
it will be at some future period, and deprived of
all power of doing evil. The ship of State will
have passed the breakers, and glided into a smooth
and open sea, whete there is reason to hope there
will be no sectional storm for many years to come.
The committee cannot see that the bill would be
otherwise than beneficial to the people of Kansas,
whilst they feel entirely certain that it would pro-
mote the best interests of the country at largo.
It is one of those cases, as they conceive, where
much is to be gained and nothing lost, so far as
desirable results are concerned.
Should the substitute lie defeated, and the ques-
tion left open, the committee very much fear the
consequences would be unfortunate for the coun-
try, and that angry and threatening clouds would
soon obscure h«"r destiny.
The probabilities arc that the agitation wouUl
continue in its most malignant form to excite the
people, to separate the North from the South, and
no man can foresee what would be the final result.
The tendency would be to scatter terror and alarm
throughout the country,paralyze its business, in-
juriously affect the value of pi ivate property, con-
vulsc the Union, and endanger its very existence.
It will indeed be a fearful responsibility to hazai d
for a slight cause all the blessings which flow from
the union of these States.
There are great occasions in the progress of
nations which, if wisely embraced, may exert a
salutary influence upon their destiny for ages to
come; but if neglected there can be no recovery
fiom the evil consequences which may follow.
Such an occasion is now presented to the House,
in the judgment of the committee; and having dis-
charged their duty to the best of their ability under
their convictions, they leave all others to act like-
wise for themselves.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. ENGLISH. I have the floor, and I do not
yield it to the gentleman from Ohio. I yield it to
my colleague on the committee of conference,
[Mr. Howard.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. He is entitled to it without
any yi< Iding on the part of the gentleman.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to occupy some five
minutes' time expressing 
