1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence.] As he has
truly said, appeals have been made to our sym-
pathies in regard to the frightful accidents which
have happened by the explosion of boilers both
at sea and upon our inland waters. This was all
right. The provisions of this bill in reference to
boats may be all right. The provisions of the bill
in reference to limiting the number of passengers
may be right. But while the ninth section is
ingrafted upon it, I think that risks more lives of
steamboat passengers than the legislation of Con-
gress has ever prevented. This rnnih sectioncon-
sists of about five lines. Modest as it is in appear-
ance, it contains the sting, in my opinion, that
ought to cripple and kill this bill. Members may
not have had their attention called to it, because
ef its modesty. I wish, therefore, to attract to it
the attention of the Committee on Commerce and
of this House. It sets out with saying that in-
stead of the existing provisions of law relating to
the use of fusible alloys upon high-pressure boil-
ers, there shall be substituted fusible plugs, or
rivets, of pure tin, of such dimensions, and to be
inserted in such positions, as shall be prescribed
by the inspectors. I do not know by what pro-
cess of reasoning, scientific or otherwise, the Com-
mittee on Commerce came to the conclusion to
ingraft this provision upon their bill. If there
was no outside pressure for it, I should like the
gentleman who reported the bill to give me the
scientific reason why these tin plugs should be in-
serted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will en-
deavor to do so, when I get the floor.
Mr. WHITELEY. The eleventh section of
the amended bill provides that all high-pressure
boilers, whether old or new, upon passenger
steamers, shall be subjected to the rules for in-
spection and test prescribed in the first part of
trie third clause of the ninth section of the law of
1852. Let us see what that is:
"Thar, m subjecting to the hydrostatic test boilers called
and usually known under the designation of high pressuie
boilers, the inspectors shall assume one hundred and ten
pounds to the square inch as the maximum pressure allow-
able as a woiking powei for a new boiler, forty-two inches
in diameter, made of inspected iron plates," &c.
It becomes important to know what pressure
these tin plugs will bear per square inch. The
highest pressure, under the law I have quoted, is
one hundred and ten pounds to the square inch as
the working power They graduate the pressure
from one hundred and sixty-five pounds to one
hundred and ten in testing boilers. I undertake
to say, and without fear of contradiction, that no
tin plug will fuse under a pressure of three hun-
dred and seventy-five pounds to the square inch.
I ask, then, where is the protection from ex-
plosion when the law limits the working power
to one hundred and ten pounds, and a tin plug is
inserted as a guard against explosion, the fusing
power of which is three hundred and seventy-five
pounds to the square inch—nearly three times as
great as that required by the law? There is this
difficulty in this ninth section. Your local in-
spectors, your supervising inspectors, the men
who give authority to these steamboats to run,
have to limit the pressure to one hundred and ten
pounds to the square inch. The Committee on
Commerce have provided in their bill authority to
use a plug which will not fuse until the pressure
reaches three hundred and seventy-five pounds to
the square inch. I desire the gentleman who re-
ported this bill to tell the House how a boiler is
to be prevented from exploding, when it can only
be worked up to the pressure of one hundred and
ten pounds, while the guard will not fuse until the
pressure reaches three hundred and seventy-^vo
pounds to the square inch ? Take it by the square
foot: the monstrosity of this proposition will then
become palpable to all. Multiply three hundred
and seventy-five by one hundred and forty-four;
and then you will see that the pressure will have
to be fifty-four thousand pounds to the square
foot, and then the plug must be in the hottest part
of the boiler.
They say in this ninth section, that it is to be
inserted in such place as shall be prescribed by
the inspectors. They will not put it in the ladies'
cabin, nor upon the rudder, nor in the wheel-house.
If they do not put it in the hottest place, it will be
of no use. When I asked where they were going
to put it, the gentleman did not answer where it
was to be put. The only places where they can
put it are these: either in the erown-piate of the
boiler, or in one of the flues. What will be the
effect ifit be placed in the crown-plate of the boiler?
With the water lying upon it, and with the fire
underneath, it will not melt at four hundred and
forty pounds' pressure. It would bear a pres-
sure of more than three hundred and seventy-five
pounds to the square inch; the water would pro-
tect it. If it be put there, the heat would have to
be so great before it became a guard and protec-
tion—before it would fuse to let the steam escape-
that the iron itself would have to melt.
So far as my knowledge extends, the most sup-
posable place for it to be placed is in one of the
flues. Whatis its effect there? There can be but
two results, if it melts at all. I make the supposi-
tion that it will melt. If it melts in the flues there
can only be two effects produced, so far as my
knowledge extends. The steam escaping through
the aperture will rush through the smoke-stack,
and by producing a vacuum will cause a rekind-
ling of the fires m the furnace; and, as stated by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the boilers be-
coming so hot—what the engineers call a whiw
heat—the vessel will then be set on fire, a catas-
trophe as disastrous as an explosion; or, in the
second place, it will so heat your boilers that
after the steam has escaped, you cannot for hours,
until the boilers cool, send a man into them to
close up the aperture; so that, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has truly said, in a storm
upon the ocean, or upon a lee shore, if you save
.your boilers from exploding, youv vessel must
either go down for the want of management, or
go ashore for want of any control of it. Now,
that is the effect, the sole effect, of this ninth
section, providing for the insertion of these tin
plugs.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if this House and the Com-
mittee on Commerce will examine this bill, and
particularly the ninth section, they will find that
there is not in it, throughout its whole forty sec-
tions, one single provision guarding against the
explosion of boilers. I think I have demonstrated
that this ninth section will not do it; that these
fusible tin plugs will not do it. Where, then, is
the provision? The law of 1852 was adopted, I
take it, after hearing advice and suggestions from
men of as high scientific attainments as those who
have been consulted in reference to this bill; and
the ninth section of that bill provided for the use of
these fusible alloys. Now, any man who knows
anything in reference to this subject, knows that
two metals, be they what they may, if alloyed,
melt at a much lower degree of temperature than
either of the integral parts of that alloy. In most
if not all high-pressure boilers it is this alloy, and
it alone, that prevents explosion; because the alloy
melts at a far less temperature than the iron will.
Well, sir, the bill of 1852 compelled the inspectors
of high-pressure steamboats to say to every steam-
boat owner or captain who came to them for a
certificate, that they must have on the outside of
each high-pressure boiler alloy metal, fusible by
the heat of the boiler when raised to the highest
working pressure allowed. As the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has said, this is not an entire guard,
and the wit of man cannot devise an entire guard
against the explosion of steam; but, as he has well
said, the number of explosions has been greatly
reduced since the passage of the act of 1852.
I know, Mr. Speaker, that subjects of this kind
do not commend themselves to the ear of the
House. But if 1 had time, and thought it worth
while, I tlunk I could demonstrate to the House
the use, the great benefit, and the necessity, of
these fusible alloys, as I think I have demon-
strated the utter inutility of the tin plugs. I do
not mean, however, to take up the time of the
House in arguing upon that subject. I could read
to the House the recommendations of such men
as Professor Henry, of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion, Professor Locke, of Cincinnati, Professors
Silliman and Olmstead, of Yale, and other distin-
guished scientific gentlemen who have examined
this subject, and say that it is about the only thing
that will protect your steamboats. Why not, then,
I ask the Committee on Commerce—and I ask the
gentleman from Illinois to answer the question-
why not leave the matter as it was left in the bill
of 1852 ? Why strike it out ? Why strike it out,
particularly when I am told that the local inspect-
or at Pittsburg, the local inspector at Cincin-
nati, juid the local inspector at New Orleans, will
not give certificates, or permit a steamboat to go
from their wharves, until they have one of these
fusible alloys attached to their boilers? 'Whatis
the influence that is legislating this provision out
of the act of 1852 ? Why, sir, I believe that it is
intended, by influences which I will not name
here, to break down this thing called Evans's
safety-guard, by the operation of the ninth sec-
tion, without letting us know what we are doing.
I believe the effect will be to endanger the life of
every man who goes on board a high-pressure
boat as a passenger.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish this bill to be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, in order that we may at least inquire into
the matter. For my part, I did not know until
yesterday that the bill was printed. I did not know
any of its provisions. I am willing, and I thiiilc
the House is willing, and the country demands,
that there should be some legislation in reference
to ocean-going steamers. But to come down to
every little raft and vessel that floats upon any
canal or creel? in the country, and make with ref-
erence to them such provision's as would apply, in
my humble judgment, only to vessels navigating
large streams, is, to my mind, so monstrous theU.
I, at least, cannot give it my support.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I think this matter has been pretty thoroughly dis^
cussed. There have been three speeches upon one
side, and four upon the other; and I tlunk the
House is now prepared to second the demand for
the previous question,* which, I understand, will
bring us to a vote first upon the proposition of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Clark] to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I ask the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I would ask tha
gentleman if he has considered that the bill makes
a discrimination in favor of foreigners, and against
our own shipping?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will answer
that.
Mr. HATCH. I hope the gentleman will not
insist on the demand for the previous question.
This is a bill of great interest to the country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman want to make a speech upon H?
Mr. HATCH. No, sir, 1 do not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I in-
sist on the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HATCH. I am opposed to this mode of
legislation—legislation by committees.
The SPEAKER. The previous question being
demanded, debate is not in order.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to inquire if the
amendment is pending which I suggested yester-
a$tr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE demanded tellers on
seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes one hundred and two; a further count not
having been demanded.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe the
rules now give me an hour m which to close the
debate. But 1 shall not occupy my whole time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be enti-
tled to his hour after the main question has been
ordered.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now submit
whether the gentleman from Illinois is entitled to
his hour while the motion to commit is pending.
If he makes his speech now, and the bill should
be committed, he may claim another hour to close
debate in committee. If the House vote down
the motion to commit, the gentleman will then be
entitled to his hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman from Illinois is entitled to ad-
dress the House for an hour now, under the rules,
if he chooses to exercise that right. That has been
the construction given heretofore to the rules; and
the Chairthinks the reason a very substantial one.
The gentleman may be able to give reasons why
the bill should not be committed.
