1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1767
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. ENGLISH. I did not yield the floor for
the purpose of allowing ray colleague on the com-
mittee an opportunity of submitting any remarks,
but for the purpose of submitting a proposition,
which I understood he wished to submit.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does the gen-
tleman from Indiana refuse to allow his colleague
to be heard ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
is not in order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. I want to know if the gen-
tleman from Indiana has the right to retain the
floor, yield it to another member for five minutes
to make a speech inside his speech, and then cut
off all further debate by demanding the previous
question ?
Mr. ENGLTSII. I will relieve the gentleman
on his point of order, by saying that I propose
nothing of the kind.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan cannot occupy the floor during the time of
the gentleman from Indiana, if it is objected to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well, sir,
I object.
Mr. ENGLISH. I understood that the gen-
tleman from Michigan wished to submit the mo-
tion that the bill be printed, and that its consider-
ation be postponed until some future day.
Mr. HOWARD. That is my purpose at the
present time, but I wish that at some time, as a
matter of courtesy on the port of the House, I
may have five minutes to discuss the merits of
the report.
. Several Members, (on the Democratic side of
the House.) Have it now.
Mr. ENGLISH. I make the motion that the
bill be printed, and that its further consideration
be postponed until one o'clock to-morrow. I un-
derstand that it will be printed peihaps soon
encrugh for members to get it before the House
adjourns to-day. I call for the previous question
upon the motion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Will not the effect of the previous
question, if seconded, be to cut off the motion to
postpone, and bring the House to a direct vote
upon the reception of the report of the committee
of conference ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to sug-
gest that the motion to postpone would be cut off
by the previous question. The motion to post-
pone, however, is debatable only to a very limited
extent—merely to the extent of assigning reasons
why the matter should or should not be postponed
until to-morrow at one o'clock. The merits of
the question are not open to debate.
Mr. ENGLISH. I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. HOWARD. I have felt constrained to
withhold my assent from this report, and I will
now state briefly the reasons why. It is true, as
has been said by my colleague, that this question
has been very fully and very ab!y discussed, and
I do not want to protract that discussion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I do not understand that the merits
of the report are open to discussion upon the mo-
tion to postpone.
Mr. HOWARD. I thought the motion to post-
pone had been withdrawn.
Mr. ENGLISH. No, sir; I withdrew the call
for the previous question, not the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I trust, Mr.
Speaker, that the House, having heard the report
read, will not vote upon the postponement till to-
morrow at one o'clock, without further debate.
[Cries of " Order !" " Order!" from the Repub-
lican side-of the House.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 hope, as a speech has
been made in favor of the report, the gentle-
man from Michigan will be heard on the other
side.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made to the
merits of the report being discusscd, the gentle-
man from Michigan must confine himself strictly
to the motion to postpone.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does not the
motion to print open the merits of the report to
discussion? I understand that that motion is
always debatable.
The SPEAKER. It would be debatable if the
motion to postpone were not pending.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I under-
stand that it is in order for the gentleman from
Michigan to speak at this time upon the motion
to print? Both the questions are before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. KILGORE. I hope my colleague will
withdraw the motion to postpone, and allow the
gentleman from Michigan to be heard.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to know if it is the
purpose of the majority of the committee to cut
off all debate upon this new programme of the
Administration ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand that the motion
to postpone and piint isstill pending, and I would
ask if it be in order to move an amendment to that
motion ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can move to
amend by postponing to a different day.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I move to amend by
postponing until Monday at one o'clock.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to ask the
gentleman to extend the time un.til Monday three
weeks. Then we can have the voice of the coun-
try on this question.
[" That is right!" " That is right!" from the
Republican side of the House.]
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Then the people can
be heard to speak from all quarters. It is of the
highest importance that the people should be heard.
Mr. HILL. By the permission of the gentle-
man from Michigan 
Mr. EDI E. I object.
Mr. HILL. You do not know what you are
objecting to. I will move an amendment to the
motion to postpone, and I wish to state my rea-
sons for it—reasons which are purely personal to
myself. I have been detained here for some days,
on account of this measure, very much to the in-
jury of my private interests. The time has come
when I can stay no longer; and if the health of
my family will permit, I must leave here for my
home. I am compelled to do it. I must return
as soon as I can. I do not know that I can pair
off, or who to propose to pair off with. I have
not studied this measure, having only heard it
read from the Clerk's desk; and I want time to
reflect on it. Perhaps by taking it with me, and
staying in the State of Georgia during the coming
week, I may return here better prepared than I
am now to decide upon it. I may bring some light
from that quarter on it. [Laughter.] I ask for
this time; and in order that the measure may not
come up in the mean time, as I desire to vote upon
it, I move that the bill be postponed until Thurs- |
day of the week after next. I make the motion j
without consultation with any one, and purely ■
for the reasons given. I
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, (to Mr. How- I
Alto.) Accept that. j
Mr. HOWARD. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of my amendment, and I will accept of none j
other.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to say
on this motion, one or two words only 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I thought that
the gentleman had concluded.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not through. I yield-
ed the floor for the purpose of having a question
asked, as I supposed; and when I found that de-
bate was following, I objected. I will yield no
further, nor to any other modification, because I
do not wish to be interrupted. Iam in favor of the
motion, as I have submitted it, to postpone until
Thursday week at one o'clock; and for the reason
that this is a new bill. Not a member, I believe, :
on this side of the House, has had an opportu- |
nity to read it. They have only heard it read
from the Clerk's desk a few moments ago. It
is a new bill, and unlike either the Senate, or the
House, or any other bill ever proposed in either
House of Congress since the organization of the
Government. Wliether it is to be acceptedor re-
jected -— .
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object to the
discussion of the merits of the bill. j
The SPEAKER. The attention of the Chair !
was inadvertently withdrawn for the moment, j
The Chair will try to keep the gentleman within I
order according to the Chair's understanding of
tlj 6 I'll IfiS ' > • * ~ ~ '*C .
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Speaker, whether this
bill shall be finally accepted or rejected,-it is at
least worthy,of the most serious consideration of
every member of the House. -1 do not thtnlc that
there is any necessity, foi' throwing it operito de-
bate, but 1 think that there should.be ample time
for each member to read it after it has been printed,
and to examine it. When that has been done,
then let us come to a vote and end it. I think
that the time proposed gives ample time for an
examination of the bill, and I accept the proposi-
tion. I conceive that it will be found, from an
examination of the bill, that it involves something
altogether unusual in the legislation of this coun-
try. .It proposes one set of conditions if a Terri-
tory apply for admission with one constitution,
and another set of conditions if it apply with any
other constitution it is possible to frame hereafter.
The SPEAKER. The Chairis of the opinion
that the gentleman from Michigan is wandering
a little from the legitimate line of debate.
Mr. HOWARD. I will wander back again.
The SPEAKEIl. The Chair does not suppose
that it is the wish of the gentleman from Michi-
gan to speak out of order.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to keep in order; but
I wish to urge the reasons why this bill should be
postponed and printed. Sir, I think that every
member should have an opportunity to make up
his mind, whether or not, if the population" of
Kansas be sufficient for her admission under the
Lecompton constitution, the same population is
not sufficient foi her admission under any other
constitution. Why should we not make up our
minds whether one set of conditions are to be im-
posed if she apply to come in as a slave State, and
another set of conditions if she apply as a free
State ?
Mr. HUGHES. I call the gentleman to order.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The shortest way to de-
termine this question of order will be, the Chair
thinks , to submit it to the gentleman from Mich-
igan himself, whether or not he considers that he
is discussing the merits of the proposition ?
Mr. HOWARD. I must discuss the import-
ance of printing the bill. I wish to keep in order.
The SPEAKER. The question is to postpone.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The motion to postpone
is the only one that can be voted on, and that is
the only one now debatable. The motion to print
does not come up until after the motion is dis-
posed of.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I would ask the Chair
whether the motion to lay upon the table and
print, and to postpone and print, have not been
debatable before a division was called for?
The SPEAKER. The proposition usually has
been to lay upon the table and print. A division
of the motion to print and postpone could be called
for; or, if the motion be as it now is, to post-
pone and print, a division can also be called for.
In that case, the first question for the House to
decide would be the motion to postpone. That is
the question now pending: "Will the House agree
to the postponement which has been moved;"
and the gentleman must confine his remarks to
the merits of that proposition.
Mr. GROW. I desire to inquire if the motion
to print would come up as a separate question
after the question to postpone is disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it would.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Speaker, I have but
little parliamentary experience. I have never yet
knowingly violated a parliamentary rule, and I
will not now; but I am constrained to urge, with
as much force as I may, the reasons why the con-
sideration of this matter should be postponed,
and the report printed. We have labored faith-
fully in the committee to hit upon a proposition
upon which we could all agree. For the last two
or three days efforts have been made which lead
me to suppose that a portion of the members of
this House have seen and examined this bill,
while another portion of the House have had no
such opportunity. '
Mr. HUGHES. I insist upon my question of
order.
[Cries of " OrderOrder!"].
Mr. HUGHES. I call the gentleman from
Michigan to order.
[Cries of " Order!"]
