2792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
as he supposed that what I said was dictated by-
some sectional feeling. • Sir, I claim to be as de-
void of sectional feeling as any person who has
a seat on this floor. 1 know my country, and
my whole country.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Senator
■will allow me, I hope he did not understand me
as using any expression of that sort in an offen-
sive sense. '
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir, I did not; but I
desire to disclaim for myself in my action here
that I am controlled by any such feeling. I hope
I may ever be free from being controlled by it.
It is true, I claim to be nothing more nor less than
human; and from my position, living among a
people residing in one section of the Union, I may
have sympathies that are stronger with them than
with people residing in other sections of the Union;
but I hope, so far as I may be able, never to suf-
fer myself to be controlled by mere sectional feel-
ing in any proposition that I have to make, or in
any vote that I may have to give, on this floor.
I desired to call the attention of the Senate to
the question on this proposed amendment, as
there is to be made an addition to the appropria-
tion bill of POO,000. If we are to enter upon it,
I, for one, would desire at the same time to make
an appropriation for the purpose of developing
the route from Fort Benton over into the naviga-
ble waters of the Columbia river; not that I wish
to prevent the building of this wagon road which
is said to be the best road to California. All I
desire to have is a good wagon road built, so that
emigration may pass from the northern portion of
this Confederacy over to Oregon and Washing-
ton, as well as that emigration may pass to Cali-
fornia. It was not in any sectional spirit that I
made my observations; and if, as is indicated by
the remarks which fell from the honorable Sena-
tor from Mississippi and the honorable Senator
from Illinois, upon the meeting of another Con-
gress, a survey shall have been made by the offi-
cer now at work upon that route to Congress,
and I could feel reasonably assured that Congress
would be willing to make a proper appropriation
for the development of that wagon road, I should
not interpose any objection to making an appro-
priation for this.
I desire that California should be developed,
and that a good wagon road should exist to Cal-
ifornia, which will be the precursor, in all prob-
ability, of a railroad route; for when there can be
a good wagon road, and the country can be peo-
pled and inhabited, and thickly inhabited, rail-
roads become a necessity; but a population must
generally precede the building of a railroad to lie
successful; and a wagon road is necessary in order
that emigration and population may go into the
territory. I desire that a wagon road should be
built, and a good one, upon I he northern route—
the Salt Lake route—and also this Albuquerque
route; for I believe that the time is coming when
there will be at least three good loads across the
continent to the Pacific, and they may be the pre-
cursors in the end of three railroad routes across
the continent. It was in no sectional spirit that
I made the observation.
Mr. POLK. I do not know, Mr. President,
"that I ought to object to the willingness exhibited
on the part of the Senator from Illinois to take
these votes separately; but it strikes me that there
is great propriety in the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Illinois being attached to the amendment
offered by the Committee on Military Affairs.
That amendment has been the subject-matter of
investigation by the Committee on Territories just
in the same manner and to the same extent, prob-
ably, that the approprialion of $50,000 had been
considered by the Committee on Military Affairs;
and therefore I look at them botli alike. Both
come before me as a member of the Senate with
the indorsement of the recommendation of the
standing committees of this body after an inves-
tigation; and it is evident that the two together
make a continued road across from the settlements
on the eastern slope of the Rocky Mountains to
the settlements on the western slope. There is
therefore a propriety that they should come to-
gether, and stand together a unit, and effectuate
a great object. Resides, though the amount in
the last instance is larger than in the first instance,
it is an amount no larger than it seems is neces-
sary for the purpose; and, when given, it is not
an amount larger than has been appropriated to
the route just below it, nor as large by p00,000
as has already been appropriated to the route
next above it. I think, therefore, that the amount
ought not to be an objection to it.
Then, sir, we are to look at this as serviceable
in a double point of view. It has already been
stated that there is to be run a mail line across from
Albuquerque. The contract is made for running
a mail line with coaches from Albuquerque into
California. Now, this road will accomplish a
double purpose; facilitate the transmission of the
mail, and will also be serviceable in a military
point of view. I do not wish to detain the Sen-
ate; I am not in the habit of doing so; but I would
prefer, for one, that these two propositions should
be kept together, because the two constitute but
two links in a chain that makes the communica-
tion perfect. I readily believe that all that Sen-
ators have said about not being actuated by sec-
tional feelings in this matter is so. I do not think
they look at it in that light. I certainly am not
influenced by any such feelings. I am certain that
gentlemen who "have spoken from the Military
Committee were not, and I am equally certain that
the gentlemen who acted on this matter in the
Committee on Territories (though I am not a
member of either of the committees) offered this
amendment because they believed that the public
interest required that it should be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I really do not see how anybody
can be required to defend himself from the charge
of sectional feeling. I do not intend to defend
myself or the committee. If they cannot select
a route which is to be used for military transpor-
tation, and which maybe made useful on account
of the mail contract, without defending them-
selves from the imputation of sectional feeling, I,
for one, should be unwilling to report anything
back to the Senate.
But there is one point I wish to correct in this
matter. Senators speak of two links in a chain.
To constitute a chain lequires that the links
should be united. Now we do not propose to
make a road to Albuquerque. There I submit
the Senator falls into an error. We merely pro-
pose to work upon the eastern section of a route
designated as a route from Fort Smith to Albu-
querque; and when I was up before I stated, not
very plainly or impressively, that we would not
| undertake to work the western section of the road
i because of the very gieat expense incident to at-
| tempting any work so remote from the popula-
! tion ofsupply;an objection which inereaseswhen
j you reach that section of the road contained in
; the amendment. 1 stated very briefly in my re-
marks, addressed particularly to the observations
of the Senator from Wisconsin, that another road
remote from labor, remote from supply, is, some
day or other, to be constructed, but not with such
sums as we propose to give. Such sums as we
propose to give for making bridges and crossing
streams on the westein section would be wholly
exhausted by taking a laboring party to either of
the other sections.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. T shall say
nothing in regard to the road from Albuquerque
west. That will be for a vote, and each Senator
can give his opinion best by giving lus vote upon
it. 1 am in favor of it, but I think it best that
every proposition should stand upon its merits;
and I do not think either the one 
| Mr. DOUGLAS. They are now separated,
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I say to
j the Senator from Wisconsin, in regard to this
' proposition, that I recognize the absolute neces-
! sity that there shall be some roads opened some-
where for the purpose of enabling our people who
j cannot go around by the isthmus and take sea
transportation to the Pacific coast, to cross the
continent. That they should be open to Oregon
as well as to California no one would hesitate to
admit. Whenever the estimates shall be brought
in—and they are in a fairer way now than any
! other people on any other route to furnish just
and fair estimates—I recognise the necessity of
making the road to which he alludes, and 1 know
! very well that I shali support it. It is but just
i that that route should be made when its time
! comes. I hope v.re shall have a vote on the
! amendment offered by the Committee oil Mili-
■ taiy Affairs. •
The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 now renew the othel- prop-
1 osition. It was to be offered immediately after
the vote should be taken on the amendment which
has been adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. Do you wish to take a vote
again ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It was connected with this
road; and that is the only reason why I offer it.
My amendment is to insert, after line one hun-
dred and ninety-two, the following:
And that the sum of $100,1100 be, and the same is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to be expended in completing connecting
sections in the road extending from Albuquerque in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, westward, on the route of the Col-
orado river, oil or near the thirty-fifth parallel of north
latitude.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we ought to have the
yeas and nays on this amendment. I do not be-
lieve there is a quorum present.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Withdraw the call.
Mr. HUNTER. If you postpone this amend-
ment until we get more Senators in the Chamber,
we can take up some other amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I have got one here which in-
volves no money.
Mr. HUNTER. Let this lie over until more
Senators come in.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let it be voted on now.
Several members have since come into the Cham-
ber.
Mr. HUNTER. When the bill shall be re-
ported to the Senate it will bo too late, and there-
fore I want the yeas and nays upon the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Brioht.)
! Does the Senator withdraw the amendment ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not feel authorized to
withdraw it. I was blamed for doing so before.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bright, Broderick, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Douglas, Green, Gwin, Harlan, Hajne,
Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Kin!;, Polk, Rice, Sebastian,
Seward, Simmons, Thomson of New Jersey, and Wright
 
NAYS~-Mu<?st>. F5ayaid, Clay, Clingman, Crittenden,
Davis, Doolmle, Fitzpatnck, Foot, Houston. Hunter. John-
son of Tennessee, Mason, Peaice, Keid, Slide!!, Wilson,
and Yulee—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. As I have one amendment which
I shall offer that involves a great deal of money,
1 am gratified to be able to say that the one I now
present requires no expenditure. It is to insert
as an additional section:
Jind be it further enacted, That the second section of the
• act of March 3, 1831, entitled "An act to found a military
asylum lor the relief and sup] ort of invalid and disabled
soldier^ of the Anny of the United States," be so amended
as to leduce the number of commissioners authorized by
j that section to three, and to eonsi<tof the Commissary Gen
! eral of Subsistence, the Surgeon Gencial, and the Adjutant
| Genoial, any two of whom shall be a quorum for the uans-
! aciion of l>Ufines«5, whose duty it'•hall be to examine and
; audit the accounts ofthe treasurei, quaiteryeaily,and visit
, and inspect the military asylum at least once in every
month.
] j-hul he it. farther cnacted, That the benefits of the said act
{ shall bo extended so as to include invalid and disabled sol-
! diers or the war of 181*2, and of all subsequent wars, subject
I only to the lestnetions in the proviso of the fourth section
j of said act.
j Jhul be it further enacted. That all pensioners on aecoiuit
I of wounds or disabilities ineuired m the miluaiy service
' '•hall tiansfei and surrender their pension to thp institution
1 for, and during the time they remain therein, and volun-
: tanly continue to receive its benefits.
' Arid be it furiker enacted, That the deduction of twenty-
five cents per month, fiom the pay of every non-eommis,-
sioned officei, musician, artificer,and private in the Army,
shall be reduced lo twelve and a half cents per month, and
thefe amendments shall take effect from and after the 1st
day of July, 1858.
Mr. President, the object of the principal fea-
tures of this amendment are: first to reduce the
number of officers who constitute the board, and
to prevent any charge upon the asylum fund of
mileage by selecting three persons who will ahvays
be in Washington city, and then to require this
boaul of three officers, the Commissary Geneial,
the Suigeon Geneia], and the Adjutant General,
! i to make frequent inspections botii of the pecuniary
:! accounts ofthe establishment, and of its condition,
i! as stated in the amendment. The three officers
',\ are nampd, because their duties will require them
'<\ aimost uniformly in Washington city; and fur-
i| ther, because the Surgeon General should know
1, most of the condition of disabled soldiers: the Ail-
!' jutant General keeping a record should know most
; of the history of the old soldiers, and the Commts-
ji sary General was thought the proper person to
j' look after the supplies, and judge of the proper
