08£
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11*
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that he may take
his hour now, or after the motion to commit has
been voted upon; but that if he chooses to avail
himself oj* his right now, he will have exercised
all the rights he has to address the House upon
this bill.
The SPEAKER. That is the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. HATCH. What is the precise question
upon which the House is now called to vote?
What is the main question?
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
the motion to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. If that
motion shall fail, the question will then come up
upon the first pending amendment, and then upon
the substitute offered" by the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Washburne.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is cer-
tainly very proper, on a bill of the importance of
the one we are now considering, that every mem-
ber of the House should fully understand its pro-
visions. I desire very briefly to reply to some cf
the remarks which have been made in opposition
to the bill; and let me say, right here, that I will
endeavor to be as brief as possible, for no mem-
ber of the House is more fully aware than I am,
that bills of this kind are more frequently killed
in this House by the speeches of their friends,
than in any other way. I shall, therefore, endeavor
to be as brief as possible, and make the necessary
explanations.
In the first place, let me remind the House of
what I said yesterday, in the opening of the de-
bate, that 1 did not intend to call the previous
question for the purpose of preventing discussion.
I said, as gentlemen will see by referring to my
remarks on that occasion, as reported in the Globe,
that after the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Taylor,] and the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Scott,] who had presented amendments,
should have spoken, if no other gentleman desired
to speak, I hoped the House would sustain the
previous question. If any gentleman desired, in
food faith, to speak in opposition to the bill, I
id not wish to cut him off On the other hand,
I desired that he should be heard.
M r. CURTIS. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will say that I do not propose to oppose this bill,
but I nm not ready to vote upon it until I under-
stand more of us provisions. I am satisfied that
those who are most interested in the commerce
of the great valley of the Mississippi do not un-
derstand its application to that kind of naviga-
tion; and until it is fully explained in view of
that commerce, 1 shall feel compelled to vote
against it.
Mr. WASHHURNE, of Illinois. Well, sir,I
profess to know something about the commerce
of that river, as I have lived on its bank for nearly
twenty years—longer, 1 imagine, than the gentle-
man from Iowa has. And m regard to his not un-
derstanding the provisions of the bill, and in regard
to the suggestion yesterday made by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mi\0lakk,] that it was pro-
posed to takeasnap-judgmentm this Houseupon
it, I ask the gentleman to take the facts into con-
sideration, and then see whose fault it is if the
bill is not understood. Within a very few days
from the commencement of the session, I intro-
duced a bill, nearly all of the provisions of which
are incorporated into this bill, which is now of-
fered as a substitute, which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce. On the 18th day of Jan-
uary, the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Tay-
lor,] and the gentleman fiom California, [Mr.
Scott,] introduced thcirnmendmcnts, which were
printed and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. And let me say here, that when the bill
was originally introduced I gave notice to mem-
bers that it was before them; that the bill would
be printed; that they could examine it; and that
I should ask that when it should be taken up in
the House, it should be considered without being
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The substitute now presented
was printed more than a week ago. On Tuesday
morning I gave notice that the substitute was
printed; that the report was printed; and that
gentlemen could examine them before the bill
came up for action in the House; and 1 say, there-
fore, to my friend from New York, who seems to
have awaked just now from a sort of a Rip Van
Winkle sleep, that if he did not know about the
bill and its position before the House, it is not
my fault, nor the fault of the House.
Now, sir, to send this bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, you, Mr.
Speaker, have been here long enough to know, as
every member of the House at all acquainted with
the transaction of business here under the rules
knows, is, at this stage of the session, equivalent
to its defeat. It is a fact, that under the practical
operation of the rules, no bill of this character
referred to the Committee of the Whole is ever
reached. The gentleman from New York is mis-
taken when he says that a majority of the House
can call it up at any time. It cannot be done in
point of fact. But my friend from New York
says that the bill, if passed, will involve a forfeit-
ure of property in the city of New York to the
amount of $10,000,000. Well, sir, if it be true
that the bill bears more heavily upon private in-
terest than the public good demands, then I admit
that it is an objection.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I alluded par-
ticularly to its effect upon sailing vessels.
•Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill does
not apply to sailing vessels at all. We are not
legislating upon that subject now. And let me
say that I do not think that the bill bears more
heavily upon private interests than is demanded
by the public good of the country. 1 must tell
my friend that this is not a bill further to protect
the interests of steamboat owners. That is not
the title of the bill. It is a bill further to protect
the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-i
pelled in whole or in partby steam. Thatis the ob-
ject of the bill; and if, to carry out its just provis-
ions, and save and protect human life, §10,000,000
in steamboat property, in the city of New York, _
has to be confiscated, I say let the confiscation
take place. I will not place dollars and cents as '
an offset against human life.
The country has seen how these steamboat
owners have outraged the public in their mode
of carrying passengers; ana the country has de-
manded that there shall be some further legislation
on this subject in their restraint. Even though it
does bear, as it undoubtedly does in this bill, and
as we intended it should, upon these private in-
terests, how is it, I ask the House, under the
present law, in regard to ocean steamers? There
js no reasonable limit to the number of passen-
gers which can be put on board of these ves-
sels.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The number of
passengers is represented by the number of super-
ficial feet of deck.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand;
but that amounts to nothing. In the California
steamers which sail from New York, passengers
are crowded on board like cattle,and fed likedogs.
A gentleman told me that he saw the steamer
Georgia going out of the port of New York with
fourteen hundred passengers on board, besides
the officers and crew. Instead of having place to
sleep, they had scarcely place to stand, and they
were fed absolutely like dogs. These men who
have thus been compelled to travel arc our con-
stituents, who are engaged in lawful pursuits, and
who, after paying exorbitant fares, are treated in
this way. This is one of the things we intend to
remedy by this bill. We say that these steamers !
shall carry only a given number of passengers, j
Hut the gentleman is mistaken entirely as to the !
effect, as 1 will show the House. In the substi- \
tute, it is provided that no ocean-going steamer
shall carry more than one passenger to every four
tons. Does that bear oppressively upon steam-
boat owners? Take some of the ocean steamers,
and let us see how the case stands. Here is the i
Fulton, of two thousand and three hundred tons j
burden. How many passengers can she carry
under this bill? She can carry very nearly six
hundred passengers. Is that nota sufficient num-
j ber? The gentleman from New York says that !
| if we pass this bill, the ocean-going steamers from
j New York will not be able to pay their coal bill.
I Take the Pulton again. She can carry six hun-
dred passengers fi om New York to Panama at
the rate of $100 each. That is $60,000. What
is her coal bill? Her coal bill docs not amount to
$6,000, as I can prove, I believe.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, made a remark
which could not bo heard at the reporter's desk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know what these rates have been under some
rigorous opposition, but I have had very different
information in regard to the prices. The fare
from New York to California has ranged within
a few years past from $400 to $600.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I understood th«
gentleman from New York to state on yesterday
that the limit in the bill is one passenger to every
seven tons.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I understand the
gentleman from Illinois to say now that the Ful-
ton, of two thousand three hundred tons burden,
can, under the bill, carry six hundred passen-
gers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is at the
rate of one passenger to every four tons. That
is a change in the original bill proposed by the
substitute. I think that neither the steamboat
interest of New York, nor any other interest, can
complain of that limit.
I will go on with the point at which I was when
interrupted. The Vanderbilt is of three thousand
three hundred and sixty tons burden. She would
be entitled, under this bill, to carry eight hundred
passengers. Is not that a sufficient number of
human beings to intrust to one steamer ?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The Vanderbilt
is seven thousand tons burden.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have taken
the measurement of the Vanderbilt as set forth
in the report of the committee appointed to exam-
ine into the loss of the Central America, which I
have in my hand. But if the Vanderbilt has the
tonnage which my friend claims, then so much
the worse for him; she could, under this bill,
carry one thousand five hundred passengers. But
I have taken the tonnage as stated in the report I
have referred to, and I presume it'is according to
ordinary measurement.
Now, sir, in regard to the number of life-boats.
The Committee on Commerce did not pretend to
know, of themselves, much about these things.
So far as I am concerned, I do not profess to know
about them. Instead of a seafaring man, I am
what the sailors would call a land-lubber, re-
siding as I do in the far off interior. We sought
information fiom experts and from gentlemen
who might be expected from their position to be
informed on all these matters.
And who are the men, let me ask the gentleman
from New York, who have recommended the
provisions of the bill of the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia, which have been copied almost without
a single change in my substitute?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The Board of
Underwriters.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will give
you some of their names. One is Commodore
Perry. lie is supposed to be a tolerably good
seaman. Charles H. Marshall. I ask the gentle-
man from New York to say whether he is a man
competent to judge of tins matter? Captain Nye,
late of the Pacific. These are some of the men
whose counsels we have followed. There is a
difference of opinion between them and my friend
from New York, and it is for the House to de-
termine which counsels they will follow in this
regard.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I desire to ask
the gentleman a question. Can he remind the
House of a single instance of class legislation like
this? Can he remind the House of an instance in
which a law has been passed discriminating in
favor of one trade and against another? This bill
would deprive steamers of the passenger trade and
gi# it to sailing vessels.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We do not
propose to make any such discriminations, and
do anything in regard to sailing vessels. If legis-
lation be necessary in regard to that branch of the
marine, the gentleman from New York, with his
knowledge of matters of that kind, if he sees the
necessity for further legislation, will bring in a
bill upon that subject. We are legislating now
for the security of the lives of passengers in ves-
sels propelled by steam. That is what we propose
to do in this bill. We do not interfere with trade.
We do not discriminate in favor of, or against, any
interest. We merely ask Congress to pass some
further provisions of law for the safety and pro-
tection of human life, which has been terribly sac-
