1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rificed for the want, as we think, of provisions
which are embraced in this bill. So much for the
objections of the gentleman from New York.
I do not see the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] in his seat He yesterday drew the
Constitution upon the bill. Those of us who were
here in the Thirty-Third Congress, and had the
Pleasure of serving with the genial and witty mem - j
er from Mississippi, Mr. Wiley P. Harris, will !
recollect the remark that he made in regard to his
Virginia friends always bringing up the Consti-
tution. He said that they cariied the Constitu-
tion about them, and drew it, like a pocket pistol,
upon the slightest provocation. Well, sir, the gen-
tleman from Virginia drew the Constitution upon
this bill upon very slight provocation; and I might
have been a little troubled by it, had not his col-
league from the Norfolk district, [Mr. Millson,]
who is known as one of the strictest construction-
ists in the House, and by his ability and fairness
as a legislator, come up and answered, as 1 thought
successfully, that objection of his colleague.
The gentleman objected to various other pro-
visions and details of the bill, which I will not
go into at any great length; but let me say that I
think his objections were not well founded. He
was certainly mistaken in one respect. He said,
as I understood him, in response to his colleague,
that he did not vote for the law of 1852. Well,
sir, either the gentleman is mistaken, or the rec-
ord which I have before me is erroneous. Let
me say here, that although these steamboat pas-
senger bills have been resisted in this House, yet
when the House has comc to a vote upon them,
they have always passed; and, although there was
a great deal of opposition to the bill of 1852, when .
the final vote came to be taken upon it, it passed |
by a vote of 147 to 27, the gentleman from Vir- I
ginia, [Mr. Listciier,] amongst others, voting for
it. There were the same elloits made to refer that
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union that are now made to give this bill
that direction; but the House steadfastly refused
to commit the bill, and it was considered in the
House. There was one remark made by the then
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, in his
closing speech, which I desire to repeat; and that
was, that while Congress had been tinkering the
bill, seven hundred souls had passed into eter-
nity by explosions and other accidents, which he
thought might have been avoided, had the pro-
posed law been in operation.
I come now to the objections whiflh the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] and
the gentlemen from Delaware [Mr. Whiteley]
have urged. Now, sir, I do not profess to know
much about the scientific operation of these things
to which they have referred, but I will tell the
House briefly what f do understand in regard to
that subject. The bill of 1852 provided for the
use of a certain fusible alloy, that had to be used
and nothing else, because it was a^provision of law
that it should be used; and it can be used in no
other way cxcept through Evans's safety-guard,
as it is termed,which is a patent .right. The House
will, therefore, see that there is a direct and spe-
cial interest on the part of the patentees that they
should continue to have this monopoly, whether it
answers the purposes of the law or not. Well,
the supervising inspectors, the local inspectors,
and all men who have had any experience upon
this subject have, as I understand, come to the
conclusion that it does not answer the objects of
the law; and what do they propose ? Not to do
away with this alloy entirely, but that a provision
shall be made—which seems reasonable enough—
that if anything else better is discovered it may be
used, and they believe that the tin plug will an-
swer every purpose.
Mr. ZOLL1COFFER. Will the gentleman
from Illinois allow me to inquire of him whether,
and if so, in what way, this tin plug can be used
otherwise than in Evans's safety-guard? And
whether there is any difference in that respect be-
tween the tin plug and the fusible-alloy plug? My
impression is, that whether you use a plug of fusi-
ble alloy, or a plug of tin, it must be used, or at
least the better mode of using it is to employ it m
Evans's safety-valve. If I am mistaken, I ask the
gentleman from Illinois to explain how it is that
this tin plug can be used differently from the mode
in which the plug of fusible alloy is used ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will en-
deavor to answer the gentleman. This tin plug,
as I understand it, is to be inserted upon the top
of the flue at the back end of the boiler, where the
fire returns from under the boiler and enters the
flue. That is the hotest part of the flue, and this
tin plug fuses, according to a calculation which.I
have inmy hand, the correctness of which,Ithink, !
cannotbe disputed,at442°, while the temperature '
at which the iron of the boiler is affected is much
higher. That is according to the reliable experi-
ment that has been made, I think, by the Frank-
lin Institute.
Mr. FLORENCE. What experiment of the
Franklin Institute? Have you the table there?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have not
the full table; but I state the fact.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. What is the
difference in degree?
Mr.WASHBURNE,ofIllinois. Four hundred
and forty-two degrees as against 45(P. The tin
plug fuses at a degree of heat which does not affect
the boiler at all.
Mr. HOARD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly,
although I do not want to be so constantly inter-
rupted; because I do not profess, myself, to have
the completest personal knowledge upon this sub-
ject. I am not a chemist, or a philosopher; but I
have taken the opinions of competent practical men
who have watched the operation of this thing from
the time of the. passage of the law of 1852 down
to the present day. They have no interest in the
mattei, cxcept to carry out thegieat object which
I trust we all have in view, to obtain a law which
shall produce thegreatestpossible safety to human
life.
Mr. HOARD. I desire that the gentleman from
Illinois will explain this fact. He is no doubt
right as to the point at which tin will fuse, but
will lie tell the House what will be the pressure of
steam upon the boilers at that degree of heat? I
have no definite knowledge on the subject, but I
hazard the opinion that to bring the boiler plate to
a temperatuie that would fuse these tin plugs
would involve a pressure of a thousand pounds
to the square inch.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think I
understand the gentleman from New York. It
is known that nineteen out of every twenty ex-
plosions or collapses which occur, occur in con-
sequence of want of water m the boiler. Now,
sir, this tin plug is a perfectand complete remedy
against accidents from that cause; because, from
the nature of the case, before the boiler can become
so heated as to explode, the tin plug will fuse.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust the gentleman will
give way to me for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should be
very glad to accommodate the gentleman; but I
do not desire to detain the House longer.
Mr. FLORENCE. I just want to explain the
matter involved m the question of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hoard.] When the boiler j
arrives at a degree of heat to cause the tin plug to j
fuse, to wit; 442° Fahrenheit, the water must be j
below the top flue; but bythis time the boiler will j
have undergone a hydrostatic pressure of three j
hundred and seventy-five pounds to the square j
inch; and I tell you that when you get the heat up |
to the point of fusing the tin plug, so as to let the I
steam out into the smoke stack, you will have pro- |
duced a pressure upon the boiler that no iron ever
manufactured can stand, it will tear the boat {
in pieces. This is why I oppose the use of this i
tin plug. i
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is a
difference of opinion in regard to that matter be- i
tween the gentleman from Pennsylvania and
other gentlemen, who—without any injustice to ■
that gentleman—are quite as competent to judge ,
as he. The House will determine between the |
evidence of both. !
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman will per- |
mit me, I will give him proof. I will read him the j
tables on which I make my statement. I will give j
him the statistics on which I controvert his posi- ;
tion.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] ;
says he has not the Franklin Institute table. I j
have it here, and will submit the more elaborate |!
results of an examination of the elasticity of steam i
by a commission appointed by the Parisian Acad- j
emy of Sciences — Dulong and Arago taking aj
leading part in the examination. This differs lm-1
materially from the table the gentleman has re-
ferred to:
> S-'S
*£ H, <o
w
atmosphere.
1.
C ©
o jz
« S
<y —
IH
Degree*.
o c .
§■.2 2?
oa„
>■> k.
to 3
S fs
Decrees.
386.94
W
atmosphere.
IS.
14.
15.
16   398.48
1 7 403 82
18   408.S2
1 9 .413 78
20....  418.46
21    422 95
2 2 427.28
23   431.42
2 4 435.56
2 5 439.34
30  457.16
35   472.73'
40  486.5$
45 491.14
50 510.60
]JV 233.*
 2 250.52
2£ 263.84
3   275.18
3£ 285.08
 4 293 72
4} 3U0.28
 5 307.50
 314.24
 6   320.36
6*   326.26
 7 331.70
7| 336.86
 8 341.78
 9 350.78
1 0 358.88
1 1 366.85
1 2 374.00
It will be seen that one atmosphere is equaJ
to fifteen pounds; therefore, multiply the atmos-
pheres opposite the degrees of heat by fifteen, and
the result is the pressure of steam to the square
inch. For example: multiply the 25 opposite
439.34° by 15, and the result is 375 pounds. Tin
fuses at 442o Fahrenheit, being 2.,66Q greater heat.
I trust this table will satisfy the gentleman from
Illinois that the position I have taken is the just
one; and, as he has not answered the question X
propounded him in my general remarks, he will
abandon the tin rivet or plug.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am sorry
my friend from Pennsylvania has got so much
excited. I am sorry this " plug-ugly " subject
affected bun so deeply. But, sir, I do not propose
to dwell longer upon this subject. The provision
here made is a perfectly safe one; there is no doubt
about it. There is a manifest impropriety in this
House, tying up, as it did in the law of 1852, and
confining the action of the inspectors to a certain
mode of accomplishing the object, to the rejection
of all other modes.
Now, sir, I do not wish to take up any more
of the time of the House, nor shall I, except to
refer to one other objection made by my friend
from Virginia, to the bill. Many of the objections
urged by him to the details of the bill were only
enlarging and carrying out the principles of the
bill of 1852, which the gentleman himself voted
for. But he refers specially, as an objection to
the bill, to the number of officers it would create.
Well, sir, I only want to submit to the House this
fact. We have established new offices of super-
vising inspectors only at points where they were
absolutely necessary; in Florida—which was, in
fact, a casus omissus in the original bill of 1852; one
in Oregon; one at Paduca, in Kentucky; one at
Memphis, Tennessee;and one in Galena, Illinois.
All these points,itwas shown,absolutely required
the establishment of these boards, for the reason
that th'eboats running from those pointsfrequently
could not be inspected, and had to run without in-
spection if they ran at all, subjecting themselves to
the penalties of the law.
But, sir, in regard to the outlay or expense
involved. The gentleman from Virginia said it
would be $20,000. Now, sir, I have made a cal-
culation, and find, according to it, that it cannot
be more than $12,000; and the additional boats
that will come in to be inspected will bring more
than that-amount into the Treasury; so that it
will not cost the Government, in reality, a single
dollar in addition to the present expense.
But, sir, I wish to say, in conclusion, that I
have no interest in the passage of this bill more
than any other member of the House. The com-
mittee which reported it considered it thoroughly
before reporting it for the consideration of the
House. It has been fully and fairly discussed
hero for two days; and I think the House is now-
prepared to act, if they ever will be prepared. If
they propose to pass the act at all, they had
better pass it at once, and not send it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. If the gentleman from
Illinois will allow me for a moment, I wish to cor-
