1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2798
treatment so far as the rations, &c., were con-
cerned. Then the next provision is to include
within the benefits of the institution all the soldiers
of the war of 1812, as well as of all subsequent
wars. The fund is so large, and has accumulated
so rapidly, that I think there need be no fear en-
tertained that it will be self-supporting, if we al-
low the disabled soldiers of the war of 1812, and
of the subsequent wars, to come into the asylum.
It asks no appropriation from the Treasury; it
anticipates none.
The next step which is taken in connection
with this is, that the amounts which are stopped
from the soldiers instead of twenty-jive cents per
month, shall be twelve and a half cents per month.
These stoppages, m connection with fines and for-
feitures, last year amounted to over one hundred
thousand dollars. I thought it a fit time, there-
fore, to reduce the amount of stoppage from the
non-commissioned officers and enlisted men gen-
erally, for whose hem-*fir the asylum is founded
and maintained, believing that enough will still
be received, and more than enough to cover all
the expenses which would result from the in-
creased usefulness we have from the enlaigement
of the sphere of its operations. Those who have
pensions oil any account, and who go into the
asylum, surrender theirpensions when they entei
the asylum for the benefit of the asylum. The
object as explained in^ the debate upon this bill,
when the asylum act was first passed, was to pre-
vent the accumulation of extraordinary pensions.
Men who were so disabled as to require a ser-
vant, came and asked twenty and thirty dollars
a month, instead of the small amount given by
the laws of pensions generally. After founding
the asylum it was argued that there would be
no obligation to give an extiaoidinai y pension
to anybody, because by entering the asylum he
would tnere find a comfortable home, and all his
wants would be attended to at the expense of the
institution. The institution being self-sustaining,
it was thus thought to be a relief to the Treasury
of the United Stales. Now we propose that when
a pensioner goes in, claiming that he1cannot live
out of the asylum upon his pension, he shall sur-
render his pension to the asylum. There is an-
oiher reason for this; that if you had two classes
of inmates in this house, some receiving pensions
and others only the gratuity allowed in the asy-
lum fund, the inequality would pioducc discon-
tent, and pin haps be the just foundation of com-
plaint.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, Mr. President, I wish to
offer an amendment which involves a large ex-
penditure—$1,280*000, I believe, though 1 have
not got the figui es added up. I will merely state,
in advance, that the committee have selected, trom
 U the works estimated for, those which they be-
lieved most essential for the present defense of
the country. The amendment is to add;
Foi continuing the constiuction of the following works of
^FuuKnox, at the nauows of the Penobscot over, Maine,
££0,000. nt ,
Fort Montgomery, outlet of Lake Clmmplain, I*«ew \ ork,
^ Foit°at Hog Island l.ertge, m Portland harbor, Maine,
£50.000. . , _T
Foit Richmond, Stat«n Island. New \ork harbor, New
Yotk. §11)0.000.
Foil Wood, New Yoik harbor, $20,000.
Foil Delaware, Delawaie ilvei, Delaware. $100,000.
Fort C.ii roll. 8olieiPoint li.it-*', Baltimore hdibor, Maiy-
I.uuh $100.00U. rr .
Fort Calhoun, Hampton Roads, \ irgima. $m.00U.
Fort Smnpter.Cliarieston haibor, South Caiolma,b^o,uuu.
Fort Clinch, entrance to (Jumbeilaml Sound, Florida,
£7.^.000
Foit Taylor, Kpv Wen. Florida, $100,000.
Foit J<'fIei*on, (linden Keys.Tortus, Fionda.S200.0UU.
F<nt Pickens, Pcn&acoJu, Florida, ^construction and le-
pam-O $50,0u0.
Foit Pomi, San Ftaneisco. California, .$lo0,000.
Fort Gaines, D.iuphm Island, entrance to Mobile bay. Al-
ali.'ina, $">0,u00 ,
Fort Philip. Mississippi river, Louisiana, (extension and
repairs.') &1U.OOO. .
Foi eontm^-nt expenses of foitifieations, pi enervation of
Fin*-, piotection to titles, and repairs of s^udden damage,
Foi construction of permanent pl.afoims foi modern can-
ntMl <«f Kirse caliber, m exiting foiufieatums ot important
hat but .>'o0.(J0u.
Mr. HUNTER. This is an object of expend-
iture to which I have always been favorable
when there was money in the Treasury to app.y
to it. I believe one of the best objects to which
the public money can be appropriated is the de-
fense of the coast. I believe that it is economical
to do so when we have plenty of money, because
I think itdimintshes the necessity of expenditure
upon the standing army, and because I think ex-
perience shows it'to be the cheapest mode of de-
fending a country. But notwithstanding all that,
in the present posture of affairs 1 concur in the
action of the House, which has determined not to
appropriate anything at this session for fortifica-
tions. They have so determined, bccause, m the
present condition of the public Treasury, and
with the large expenditures necessarily made, it
will be impossible to supply these appropriations
by any means now within our reach, unless we
add to the loan which has been proposed to be
made. I believe it is a matter of the first import-
ance to the country to save the necessity for re-
sorting to another loan and to keep down the ex-
penditures, if possible, below the estimates. If
our expenditures are to go beyond seventy-four \
or seventy-five million dollars, 1 do not see how j
wecanavoid the necessity for anothorloan. With
that comes up this old contest with regard to in-
creasing the revenues from customs, increasing j
the tariff, and we become involved in questions
which might be avoided by a Jit-tle piudence and
foiesisjht.'I believe that there are revenues enough, ;
that there arc sources of revenue large enough ;
to meet all the just wants of the Government, if j
we could only persuade ourselves to economize j
for the present. For that reason I have hereto- !
fore voted on these appropriation bills against ]
amendments which otherwise I might have fa- j
vored. I have done so because I have thought it j
a matter of the first necessity to curtail our ap- >
propriations and expenditures even to the amount |
of a few millions; and I have felt, within view of j1,
all that, important as I deem these fortifications 'I
to be, that I was willing to postpone them for a |j
year. ^ !j
Against the measures indicated in the amend-
merit, I have nothing to say. I believe th  ie is no ,>
work mentioned m that amendment which ought ;;
not to be prosecuted and finished; and if theTrcas- ; j
ury were full, I should be willing to vote, and
would vote, to pusji them on much more rapidly .j
than is there proposed; but in the present posture !;
of affairs, I think it would be piudentto postpone ^
these woiks until another year. '
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Virginia takes ,
a position so nearly friendly to these woiks that :
I have very little to reply; but his conclusions I :
think altogether unsustamed .either by Ins argu- ;
ment or by the facts. To postpone the works I
under construction, is to allow them to go to de- :
cay, and you would have then to make repairs i
when you resumed the construction. It is not j
only to stop your progress in appropriations for j
defense, if the count! y should be assailed, but it ,
is to increase the final amount of expendituie |
upon every work which is in course of construc- j
tion. |
Take Foit Calhoun, off Hampton Roads, a i
work quite necessary to protect the entrance into '
Hampton Roads, which was commenced many j
years ago, but from the imperfect nature of the
foundation,it was necessary that the work should
be discontinued. It was put under great pressure
and allowed to settle, and after a number of years _
remaining under that pressure, when it ceased j
any further to sink, the work was resumed. It ,
has progressed now to the point, if this appro-
priation be granted, that one full tier of guns and
some others may be brought into operation; and
then we believe that Hampton Roads, and the
entrance into the rivers above, will be secure from
an enemy's fleet. That is one case I mention;
not that I believe the Senator will be influenced
by it, but because he is more famihar with it, as
it is on the borders of his own State.
Take Fort Carroll, which has been prosecuted
in connection with the expenditure of the appro-
priation for the improvement of the navigation of
the Patapsco river. It has reached the point when
it is now just ready to receive the lower tier of
guns, and we have commenced turning the em-
brasure arches. To stop at that point is certainly
to allow the work to go to decay; but the expend-
iture of the appropriation for the improvement of
the Patapsco has brought material means and
knowledge to the improvement of that river which
they had'never applied undet the old system, and
the consequence has been an entrance to_Balti-
more of such depth that it is now assailable by
vessels of a large class. The very improvement
you have made to facilitate the commerce of Bal-
timore has increased its hazard; and Fort Carroll
is necessary to protect the entrance.
I cite these two cases. If it were necessary, 1
could go through the whole list. There are but
one or two cases not described generally in the
language I have employed; and that is, a work
prosecuted towards a particular object of defense,
as, for instance, Fort Knox, on the narrows of
the Penobscot river. The object in view there,
was to protect vessels which would fly from an
enemy's fleet for covering to the Penobscot river.
The/or t was, therefore, placed at the lowest point
of the river which could be commanded by its
guns, just at the head of the bay of Penobscot.
They'had constructed there works to assail an
enemy's fleet ascending the bay in pursuit of
merchantmen running into the river; and they
have exhausted the means in their hands m the
construction. It is made, I believe, adequate to
the object; but nothing has been done for land
defense; so that now a fleet, instead of being
b i ougli t under the guns of this work, (Fort Knox,)
would anchor below, land a small force, and, by
a land attack upon the open side of the work,
carry it; when the work would be silenced, and
all the money you have expended would be lost.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. I am not surprised to
see the Senator from Virginia resisting the appli-
cation for appropriations for all these works. I
admire his vigilance and economy; and I have en-
deavored upon all suitable occasions to go with
him on measuresof economy. At this time, how-
ever, I differ with him radically. If 1 considered
it economy to allow all our works of defense on
the coast, from Maine to the Rio Grande, to be
left exposed to destruction by the elements, !
should of course unite with him; but I think it is
important to put our fortifications in a proper con-
dition of defense, so as to afford some security to
the interior, and the country, in case of a war. It
is true economy, in my opinion, to make disap-
propriation, and I think that is the conviction of
a majority of the Senate; atany rate, I hope such
w;ll piove to be the case.
The Senator fiom Virginia says we are expend-
I ing vU,000,000 a year. "Well, sir, that is s. very
1 lai<2;e amount of money, and 1 have upon ail fit
! occasions voted for red'n-sing it; but what have we
! done in that direction ? Worse than nothing. We
j have piovided for the support of the Army; we
I have provided for the support of the Navy, and
j almost every other interest throughout the coun-
j try; and yet now, according to the course of action
i indicated by the Senator from Virginia, we are to
' leave these woi ks in an unfinished condition until
1 we have an overflowing Treasury, when, in the
! mean time, nearly all the money that h-is been
! spent upon them might as well have been thrown
j away. As a member of the Committee on Mdi-
• tary Affaits, I have paid some attention to the
I subject, and I think every member of that com-
! mutee was impressed with the propriety of
! making the appropriations in this bill, and throw-
i ing upon the House of Representatives the le-
sponsibihty of providing for the protection of our
j coast. It would be very singular, if, when the
j Government is spending $70,000,000 a year, and
i providing for nearly every other interest in the
j country, we cannot spare a million and a quarter
! to keep up works that wc are assured, from the
!] proper sources, will receive more injury by leav-
' ing them in their present condition for a year or
j! two, than the whole amount now proposed to be
appropriated. Two years ago our great difficulty
was that we had too much money in the Treas-
|i ury. I predict that before many years pass away
such Will be the ciy again; and how can money
ii be more properly and judiciously appropriated
'! than for the improvement of our fortifications,
i which are so essential both for the safety and
!! honor of the country ? Sir, when we have an over-
| flowing Treasury, a large portion of the money,
I judging by the past, will be squandered on^other
j 'and*less meritorious objects than building lortifi-
: cations; and 1 think our true policy js to pro\ uic
'! for these woiksnow, preserve them from destruc-
tion, make some progiess with them, and not
wait until we have an overflowing Tri usury. An-
ticipate enough for this purpose at least. Is it
II prudent to leave them as they are, to to destruc-
ii tion,and wait until the Govern ment shall have am-
ii nie means for every other purpose as weil as for
