2794
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GjLOBE.
June 8,
this? My honorable friend from Virginia, I trust,
will not insist upon that* He has told us of the
effect of the late revulsion upon the finances of the
country, and he has asked us at this session to bor-
row or to incur a debt in the shape of loans and
Treasury notes, to the amount of $35,000,000; and
ought we not to use a small portion of this for so
laudable an object? I think so. Few men under-
stand the great destruction and injury resulting to
these works from leaving them as they are. It
will cost the Government nearly as much to inau-
gurate another system as perfect as the one now
in operation as the money now asked for to start
our works again. We have not asked for alTthat
was recommended by the Secretary of War, but
only for about two thirds of that amount. As
economical as I have always professed to be—and
certainly it will be admitted here that I have en-
deavored to practice economy in the expenditure
of the public money—I will cast my vote for this
proposition with great pleasure, and hope the
amendment will receive the sanction of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall vote for the amend-
ment submitted by the honorable Senator from
Mississippi with great pleasure; while I am very
free to say itisnotsucli an amendinentas I would
like to vote for. I would like to have voted, and
fhould hove voted with agreat deal more of cheer-
fulness, if the committee had deemed it wise and
best to have included all the estimates from the
Departments. They have omitted some works
which } deem of high merit—woiks which I think,
when the interests of the whole country are re-
garded, should have been included in this amend-
ment. Still it is the amendment of the commit-
tee. I shall not seek to change it. I have looked
at it, and I can regard it as little more than an
amendment of pure economy; and I think wc may
jus'tity our votes', and demand a favorable action
upon it, upon the simple question of economy
alone.
Now, sir, it js an amendment for eon l inning the
\voi ks'ihat are in process of erection. Your me-
chanics, each adapted to the specified kind of
work that is necessary, arc gathered from remote
st-ci ions; your stone masons, your brick masons,
ami all the variety of engineering and mechanics
t ii.it arc r< quired, a* e there on the spot. All the
Machinery that is necessary to carry on the works
is iln-iv m a state of preparation for continuing
tin- wmlcx. Stop those woiks,and you have not
on I v i he necessary d< cay which must follow from
the : topping of the woi If, but you must again get
togethei the vailety of mechanics who aie ne-
cessary to prosecute ihe woik, and they must
again learn the duties that those men have alieady
h-arncd who are theie. As a stuct matter ofecon-
otny enuiely, 1 say it is u ise to adopt this amend-
ment win- h appropriate, 1 am told — I have not
footed it up—about one and a quarter million dol-
lars. Look at the service of the country m ail
Us departments, and the appiopriaUons which
you have made for them, and 1 ask if this is not
a very limited appropriation lor the mihtaiy de-
fenses of the counti y when measuied by any
other appropriations that have been made? It
seems so to me ; but, as a simple matter of econ-
omy, I shall cheerfully give it my "vote.
Mr. 1IUNTfill. 1 merely wish to say, in regard
to this matter, (for these are objects of expend-
iture which 1 said before 1 generally favor,) 1 do
b'di.'vo it js true economy and good policy, when
v.e haw money in the Tieasury, to apptoprmte
for (hem, and it costs me something to vote against
them now; but I believe, as 1 said before, that
wa.r which is most imminent, and in icgard to
which we stand most in danger, is that upon the
Treasury. I believe it is a matter of Uie first im-
portance to us, if wc can, to keep down for the
present the expenditures of tin Government. 1
think wo aie m more danger from an increased
taxation, and from a contcst in regaid to a high
tauif, and revenue, and all those questions, than
we ate from anything else just now; and under
that belief I have ft it it to be my duty to vole
agamst even some good appropi lations, if I be-
Iie\id they could be postponed without senous
(!< tnmcnt to i he interests of the country. Now, (
fcir. these- works of stone and irn-rtar ate not apt j
to decay in a year or two. Some injuiy nu-jht ;
acejuc from t!.:s delay to appiopnate; certainly
w«- much d« 1 ty the completion of the woiks; but
fits!!, uedt rail the circumstances, I think it is per-
haps of more importance to leduce these appro- .
priations than it would be to continue even those
works.
1 know that my honorable friend from Alabama
[Mr. Fitzpatiuck] says that in the general he
agrees with mc, but he differs from me in regard
to this appropriation. I find that is the case with
all my friends, when I propose to cut down any
object of appropriation in which they feel essen-
tially interested. I think there is no attempt which
I have made in which I have not met precisely
such an objection from some of them. But, sir,
it will be for the Senate to decide. I do not wish
to multiply words. 1 have nothing more to say
upon the subject.
Mr. WILSON. I agree with the Senator from
Virginia that we ought, in every particular, to be
as economical as we can, in the present condition
of the Treasury; but I do not agree with him in |
the extreme anxiety he seems to feel in rcgaid to j
what we may have to come to, and which I have j
no doubt we shall have to come to—a revision of i
the revenue laws of the country. j
But, sir, the Secretary'of War asked for nearly 1
two million dollars for foi tificationw. In the House :
of Rcpiesentatives the bill was lost. The ques- i
tiou was taken up in the Committee on Military |
Affairs of the Senate, and, in view of the present
condition of the Treasury, the matter was most
carefully examined and deliberated upon. There j
was a recommendation there for §75,000 for my >
own State, for the harbor of Boston. 1 did not j
ask and did not vote for that appropriation. I j
thought we could get along without it, and I j
wanted whatever we did do to take the most im- i
portant and exposed points of the country, in the
present condition of the Treasury. After much j
time spent in an examination of the different de- !
mands for fortifications asked by the Seei efhry of j
War, we settled down upon the sum of about one j
million one hundred thousand dolitus. After the I
adjournment of oar committee, we had the most ^
pressing applications fioiu those connected with j
the Army in the Depai tmont to add about two i
hundred thousand dollars m the improvement of j
exposed points, one of these being Foil Knox, in j
the Suite of Maine, anothei ati appropriation of i
$-20,000 for the harbor of New York. The com- 1
mutee, I believe, agreed unanimously to make |
those amend me nts, which makes theamoun' some- ;
thing less than one million three bundled thou- 1
sand dollars, or nearly seven lnindtcd thousand j
dollars less than was asked for by the War De- !
partmeiil. ' j
Now, sir, it may bo that we have made a mis- J
take. We have taken the estimates asked for!
wherever wo have made any repoit at all. We ;
have 1 jige appropi iations Ik re for the small State !
of Florida, but the pointy are verv important as !
they stand, and we are told that it is of the great- j
est importance that these woiks shall be com-1
pleted. The committee have icportcd this with ;
the greatest reluctance m the present condition of 1
the Tt easury of the counti y. We leave the mat- I
ter to the Senate to be determined. 1 shall vote |
for the amendment, but with a great deal of reluc- j
tance. I should have asked for the defense of
the haibor of Eoston, the second importing city
of the country, an appropriation of $75,000, if it
had not been for the present condition of the
Treasury: and I felt we could get along without
it I shall justify my vote to my State and to my
constituents on that ground.
Mr. 1IAYNE. I shall support this amendment
making appropriations for fortifications. I can
very tiuly say, so far as the city of Charieston is
concerned, that really we ask but a very small
appropriation; and therefore I support the bill
upon the most liberal consideration. Iam pre-
pared to say, although the appropriation for tne
completion of Fort Sumpter amounts to but
*,-5,000, that if that appropriation 1-3 not made
you will have to make an appropriation of §50,000
next year,and you will lose thereby one hundred
per cent. 1 believe the same principle holds good
111 relation to the million and a quarter of dollars
which the amendment proposes to appropuate.
If it is not made now, you will have, next year,
to apniopria'e two ana a half million dollais to
covei that which you can do ibis yeai with a mil-
lion and a quart' 1.
Under these cncuinftances, I must vote for the
amendment. There are sections of this country
pretty well defended; but when 1 look towards
the States of my friends from Florida and Lou-
isiana, I find that really their possessions are
very much exposed. I cannot, therefore, over-
look it. Really, sir, I must smile at my honor-
able friend from Virginia, whose talents and truth-
fulness no man can more properly appreciate than
I do; but I must say that I would rejoice with all
my heart and soul if every man in this Union,
every man in old England, every man and every
nation with whom we hold intercourse, stood as
the Treasury of the United States stands. How
does it stand? Why, sir, ripe with prosperity.
The whole country, compared with every other
country on the face of the earth, is prosperous
beyond all compare; and what is it for her to
borrow a million and a quarter at a discount? I
cannot reason upon that suggestion.
Mr. YULEE. The works referred to by the
Senator from Massachusetts, although within the
jurisdiction of Florida, are not being constructed
with reference to the defense of Florida, and are
not necessary to the defense of Florida. TJicy
occupy the entrance of the Gulf of Mexico, and
in the absence of the possession of the Island of
Cuba, are essential to enable the-country to hold
possession of the Gulf of Mexico, and to cover
the trade and territory of all the rest. I under-
stand that the appropriation proposed for Fort
Taylor, which is located at Key West, will com-
plete it, with three tiers of guns; and that the ap-
propriations pioposcd for' the fortifications 011
Tortugas Island will prepare it with one tier of
guns 111 full, and put it in condition for a pretty
cfiective use of another tier.
Now, sit, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance thinks we may very well dispense with
this appropriation, because he has not heard that
stones and mortar will be damaged much in a
year. That is a very different lesson from that
which the Senator endeavored to teach me when
he was pressing a much larger appropriation than
$1,200,000 for carrying on and preserving the
structures for custom-houses that arc in progress.
What was the amount of the appropriation rec-
ommended by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance? One million seven hundred thousand
dollars. I remember when I asked my friend,
[Mr. IIuntlii,] under whose lead I generally fol-
low, whether stone and mortar would be injured
by a year's delay, whether it was necessary to
make that appropriation, he told me that stone, if
left exposed to the air, would be very much dam-
aged. I confess it was a new lesson to me, but
having g -eat confidence in him, I followed him,
and voted with him,l believe, tor $1,700,000 to
cairy on the construction of custom-houses, and
to pies< rve them from decay.
Mr. HUNTER.. If my friend from Florida
will allow me, I stated ni regard to the Charles-
ton custom-house, that the blocks of carved mar-
ble would sufb r from exposure and that it was
necessaiy to put them 111 a position where they ^
would be sheltered. I do not understand that we \
make forts of carved marble. ]
Mr. YULEE. My friend has " carved" a tol- '
erable excuse; but I do not remember that 1 re-
ferred to carving atall. I never heaicl of caning
sionc, and ccrtainly it would not have required
$1,700,000 to protcct carved stone at Charleston.
Is all the stone carved ?
Mr. HUNTER I never said that" we required
that much to protect the stone. Those weie va-
rious estimates. I stated that it was designed to
pay for material contracted for, and some of this
mateual was necessary to be put up, and theie
was a positive saving in putting it up; but the
ldiger poition of it was to pay tor material, and
make small appropriations to complete build-
ings upon which large amounts have been ex-
pended.
Mr. \ ULEE. The chairman of the Commit-
tee*on M ihtary A flairs tells us very much the same
thing; but I ask the Senate to contrast the objects
of the two appropuations: the one for continuing
buildings which may veiy well be dispensed with,
for theie are a thousand buildings at all the local-
ities whore those Works are progressing v.Inch
may be hired, and have been hired 111 all past
tune, fin* the use of the Government; and the
other intended to protect and defend the country,
to defend its commerce, to maintain possi shoo of
the sea into winch empties the pi oduction of much
the largest portion of this Union, and thiough
which passes more than two thirds of all the com-
merce of the country. Sir, I think the appropri-
