1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ttti
Mr. HOUSTON presented tho memorial of Ed-
ward D. Tippett, praying the aid of Congress
to test his cold watersteam engine; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented a
petition of citizens of Philadelphia, praying for
an appropriation for carrying the mails between
that city and Southampton, in England; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAY presented the memorial of Thomas
Watts, an invalid pensioner, praying to be al-
lowed back pension; which was referred-to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the petition of
James C. Jewett, ship-master and merchant of the
city of New York, in which he states thata claim
of Mr. A. G. Benson has been heretofore submit-
ted to the Senate for damages, which were sus-
tained by Mr. Benson, in consequence Of the ac-
tion of the State Department in regard to the trade
in guano with Peiu, and that the Committee on
Claims of the Senate have reported in favor of
Mr. Benson's claim. Mr. Jewett states that he
is the owner of half that claim, and files his peti-
tion, praying that the amount due him, $56jQ00,
accoiding to his statement, may be paid to him.
I move to refer it to the Committee on Claims.
The motioa was agreed to.
PAY OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to present to
the Senate the petition of Mr. William R. Bab-
cock, as guardian for Samuel Pearce, a passed
midshipman in the Navy. Mr. Pearce has been
for many years insane. He was an officer of the
Navy, and by the late naval board he was placed
on the retired list, and hi-? pay reduced to that of
furlough. The naval court of inquiry restored
his pay to leave pay, which is $G00. The Pres-
ident approved it, the Senate has confirmed it;
but in the mean time, between the action of the
naval board and the action of the court of in-
quiry; his pay, according to the sentence of the
naval board, wtfs only #300 a year, a sum which
the petition shows to be inadequate to his sup-
pmt. For two or three years he was receiving
only the reduced pay of $300. This petition is
to obtain from Congress an indemnity for that
loss. 1 move that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the Senator from Ken-
tucky whether or not that class of cases was not
provided for in a general bill ? I think we did pro-
vide for it in a bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not recollect.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Was there not a clause of
that kind in tin* bill ?
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir. The clause in the
regular bill merely referred to officers restored to
the active list, and not to those raised to a higher
grade. While lam up, before this subject passes
away from the consideration of the Senate, I desire
to say that it has been my intention for sometime
to offer a resolution instructing the Committee
on Naval Affaiis to inquire into the expediency,
and, if they- find it expedient, to report a bill, or
a clause to be inserted in the naval appropiiation
bill, making precisely this provision for all these
officers. I trust, however, that the Naval Com-
mittee will take it up without a formal resolution,
and act upon it.
Mr. MALLORY. Before this subject passes
away from the consideration of the Senate, in re-
sponse to my friend from Georgia I would say
that there are several memorials of this character
now before the Naval Committee, and they have
the subject under consideration at this time.
Mr. IVERSON. This had better go to the Na-
val Committee, I will suggest to my friend from
Kentucky.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Let it take that direc-
tion.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
NAVAL COURTS OF INQUIRE.
Mr. MALLORY. I submit a joint resolution,
and in view of its character and the short period
of the session remaining, I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take it up, consider, and
pass it now. If it gives rise to debate, 1 shall con-
sent that it lie over until Monday morning, but I
presume it will pass in a few moments.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 30) to extend for a further term the pro-
visions of the joint resolution, approved March
10,1858, in relation to certain dropped and retired
officers of the Navy, was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the Senate that
I hold in my hand a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, informing the Naval Commit-
tee of the Senate that the President of the United
States, whose duty itis, under the jointresolution
of March 10 last, to take up and examine certain
cases which were before the naval courts of in-
quiry, and which were rejected by these courts,
and submit the same to the Senate with his advice
thereon, will not have time to give them the ex-
amination due to them, between this time and the
adjournment of the present session of Congress. I
The joint resolution heretofore passed, comem- |
plates that he shall examine and submit them, and
that tho nominations shall be passed upon, and to
allow time for this purpose, a postponement is ne-
cessary. The committee have recommended that
postponement to the 1st of January next. I ask
for the passage of the joint resolution now.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en- ]
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed. j
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. SEWARD. Two days ago I introduced
a bill, (S. No. 281,) on leave, establishing a line
of telegraphic communication between the Atlantic
and Pacific coast. Under a misapprehension, I
caused it to be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs. With the consent of that commit-
tee, and also of the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, I ask the Sen-
ate to reconsider that reference, and commit the
bill to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. IIALE. I wish to suggest to the Senator
that a memorial in regard to telegraphing was
referred some days ago to the Committee on the
Judiciary. 1 suggested that it belonged to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, but
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,]
who piesented it, insisted upon referring it to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and it went there.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know how that may
he, but this bill is now in the hands of the Mili-
tary Committee. The Senator is quite mistaken
abou t the subject-matter. That was a controversy
in regard to competition between telegraph lines.
This is a bill to establish a line of telegraph.
Mr. BIGLER. I was about to remark that the
Senator from New Hampshire is entirely mis-
taken. The Senator from New Yoik offers a bill
which regulates telegraphic operations.
Mr. SEWARD. To establish a telegraphic
line.
Mr. BIGLER. Tt is to establish a telegraphic
line. The memorial which I presented was of an
entirely different character, it was asking a law
' to protect certain telegraph companies against
what they thought might becomc an oppressive
monopoly.
Mr. SEWARD. The paper which the Senator
from New Hampshire has in his mind is a paper
which I had caused to be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BIGLER. One is a question of telegraph,
the other is a question of law entirely.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of this
bill, and that it be referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 285)
to provide for the better security of the lives of
passengers on board of steamers navigating the
ocean, propelled wholly or in part by steam;
. which was read twice by its title, and referred to
\< the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
'j Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con-
Si sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
'i 286) to enlarge the Detroit and Saginaw land
M districts in Michigan; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee ori Public
Lands. . ;
Mr. MALLORY asked, and by utfaniraous
consent obtained, leave to introdaceabtll (S/N&.
289) explanatory of an act granting public lands
to aid in the construction of a railVoad in' the
States of Florida and Alabama, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title", "ana re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COLLAMER asked, "and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.'No.
290) for the relief of the legal representatives of
George Mayo, deceased; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leav,e to bring in a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 31) authorizing the Secretary of War
to expend the appropriation made July 8, 1856,
upon such channel of the St. Mary's river as he
may select; which was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have the
joint resolution considered now.
Mr. SEIDELL. I object.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
petition of Sherlock & Shirley, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 287) for the
relief of Sherlock & Shirley. The hill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was oidered to be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was recommitted the petition of Miles
Devine, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 288) for the relief of Miles Devine. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
FiNDLET PATTERSON.
Mr. BIGLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
request the Court of Claims to return to the Senate the pe-
nnon and pnpere in the case of the application of Fimitey
Patterson, for damages as a contractor for the erection of
public buildings in the Territory of Kansas.
OUTRAGE ON MR. DICKSON, AT JAFFA.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to transmit to
the Senate, if not incompatible with the public interest,
copies of any correspondence m th<j Department of State
concerning the outrages lately committed agnmstthe family
of Mr. Dickson, an American citizen residing at Jaffa, in
Palestine.
ST. CLAIR FLATS.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following res-
olution, and asked for its immediate considera-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to report the bill heretofore referred to ihern making
an appropriation forthe completion of the channel overthe
St. Clair Flats, in the State of Michigan, and that the ap-
propi iation be reduced to $55,000*.
Mr. BIGGS objecting, the resolution lies over
under the rules.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up the res-
olution which I submitted some days since, in
relation to a protectorate over Mexico.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire to make a motion to
postpone ail the prior orders, and take up the de-
ficiency bill. It is very desirable that we should
' finish it to-day.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe that is not accord-
ing to the practice of the Senate. While morn-
ing business remains, it has precedence; and I
move to take up, as morning business, the reso-
lution to which I referred, on the subject of a pro-
tectorate over Mexico. I desire to have it dis-
posed of. I wish it adopted, and a committee
appointed—if there is to be one—on the subject.
That will require no debate. Itis a mere matter
of reference. I move that tho resolution betaken
! UPMr. HUNTER. If it givss rise to no debate,
' and is merely to be referred, I hare no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is ail I want.
Mr. WILSON. It will give rise to debate.
Mr. HUNTER. I am told that it will give rise
