1772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
to debate. Then I submit my motion to take up
the deficiency bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up my res-
olution at ali events, whether it leads to debate or
not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from Virginia to have been
entitled to the floor, but to have yielded it to see
whether debate would be had on the motion of
the Senator from Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON. But my motion being in re-
lation to morning business, his motion could not
be made except by courtesy.
Mr. HUNTER. Nodoubtlhave the rightto
make the motion. The Senate can agree to it or
not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
proceed to the consideration of the deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (II. II. No.
306) making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropiiations for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1858, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr! Fessenden to strike out the
following words:
ii For the legular supplies of the qtiaitei master's depart-
ment. con^nsting ol fuel loi tiic oiiieei.s. enhMed men, "tiai d,
ho, piuh, fioiehou>es and officer; loi.u^e in kent lor ihe
mulcH, and oxen of tin; rjuatiet mn-tei "s department
at the several po-?ts and station-;, and wiih the ai imes pi ihe
field ; for the Iiojsos of the tno i<"_'imej)i^ ot dMsjooii the
two lognui'prsjofcavahy, the icgmleiit of mounted i die men,
the companies of light aitilioi v, and Mieh eompanir-, o! hi
tantrv a.-may he mounted, and fot ihe authon'/.ed number
of ofttceid1 hoi sea when *eivni<r m the field dud at the out-
pottri ; of maw for soldieis' beddim?, and of suuioneij , in-
cluding company and otiier blank hook ; lor the Aimv, cer-
tificates foidis-ehatged f-ohheH,blankfoun-- lot the pivand
quartermasters d"pfmmoiU* ; and foi the punting of divis-
ion and department oideis, Arniv i emulations, and repot
$778,000.
For the puieha^e of hoi-es foi th° two regiment'- ofdi a-
goons,the two regiments o* eavrih v, the regimen! of nionnied
riflemen, the companies oi li^ht arlilleu\and Mieh infann v
n* it in.iv be found nece$satv to mount at the lionuoi po-t-:,
$-mooo.
For the incidental e\pen~c«< of the rpiarlei m^-tei V de-
partment, con-i^fini.? of po-stnge on letter and ie-
eeived and sent !>v ojiicei< of the Aimv on puMie seiviee ;
expi'n'-e^ of comN-marl jal and eoniN of nn|uny, iiieludmsj
the additional com pencil urn to judge advocates jeeoniei
member^, and witnesses, while oiMhat s-erviee, under the
aetot March lt>, 3 HO J; extui pay to Mildiet* empio\ ed uitdei
the direction ot the (juaitei maker's depa! (merit. in the erec-
tion of h uracil, i]iiat tei^, MoiehoiHe-,, and ho.-:p!tal<; the
eonmueuon of loads, and other constant labor, tor periods
of noi Ic^s than ten days, under the ,ieu of Maieh 1819.
and Au^im-*, 18,")1, including tluw employed as eleiks at I
dtviMon and depamnent headquaitei*; expunges of ex- !
proves to and l'oin the fiontiei posts and armies m the :
lield; of escorts to paymaster-*, other di-dHiivm«r otlieer^,
and train?, when military escorts cannot he lmni^hed ; ex:
penses of the interment of noti eomim^-ioned ofl'ieeis and
soldiers; authorized otficefuimtuie ; hue of luboierrf m tlie
qmtiteimaster's department, including hire of inteipieteis, .
spies, and emdi^, lot the Army ; compensation of eleik to ;
oflicerh of the i|iiarteim.isier'^ depaittni-ni, compensation |
of foi.t[jo and \va«*on mailers,auihoiized by the siet of Ju'j i
f>, 1&J6; for the apprehension ol Jenifers, and the e\-peiiM's |
incident to then pmsuit; the ioiiowim; expenditine:, tc- |
quired lor the two u ijiiiicnts of diairoon-. the two legtineur-* 1
of cavahy, the regiment of mounted uflrmen, and such I
companies of inf.iii.iyu^ may he mounted, namely: the •
purcha>eoftiavehtig Joige.s blaek-muiw1 and shoeing tooH, ^
hoi^eand mule !>hoe-< and n.uN, pon and >tcel foi {-hoeini;, j
hue of veterinary ••ui-eo,^-, medieim'.-foi hoi -ios and mule^, ;
picket rope?, and shoe? mj the hoi^esoi ilm^e coip-;,.^!')fl.h'jt). t
'• Tor eon^ttnctimj b.u lacks ,tml othei huildins;- at |io>t' '
which it may he neee^aiy to oeeupy dnun;f the ve:n ; and i
for repatung, altennu. and onla'simr buildings at the e^t-di- l
Jisiied post^', tucludma hue or eoi.imuiahon ot <piai tei-, Jor !;
otBeeirf on military duty; hue of (juaiteM foi troops, of ,j
storehouses for the safe-keeping ot mihtaiy stores, and of .J
pounds for Minim' r catitonments; for encampments, and ij
tempor.iiy fionti<*i station •, [ |
'• For transpnrtatiofi of the Arinj meludtng the baefgn^o of ,;
the tioops when moving either by i.utd or water; of cloth- ' j
ins:, camp audganu-on erjuipa^.Tfiom the depot at Finla- jj
delplna to tlie scvci.il poM~- and Army depots ; lior-e equip- i [
merits, and 01 subsistence fio-n the ])laees of purehat'i: and !]
from the pi icef*of deiiveiy under et/'ilract to such pl.vees as j I
the cncunestanees of ihe teivice may require it to be sent; , j
of ordti.inoe, ordnsnee sto.es, and Mimli-aimy, fiom the !
toundenes and aimones, to tlie aisenaK, fortifications, fron- i
tier_ post:=, and Armv depots; ft eights, wharlage, tolls, and j
fenia£5«s; for the pui chase and line i<!'hoises, mules, and I
oxen, ctnd the purehapo and lepair ot wajjou.-, carts, dray^, !
ship* and other sea-going rebels and bo.ifs for the trans- I
poriatio-i of-ijppiiei, and 101 garrison purposes; foi diayagc !
and cartagf- at the ?evera1 pok« ; line 01 teamsters; tians- '
poitation of fundi lor the pay and othct disbursm" depait- !
iiienf? ; the expense of sailing public tran&poits on the va- j
ritMis uvcis. the Gulfof Mexico, and the Atlantic and Pacific; ;
and for procuring watei at such posts a* fiom their situefon '
require that it be bioiisfrt from a distance; and for dealing 1
loads, and removing olutructions troin roads, haibor-:, and t
rivew, to the extent which may he requited for the actual :
opeiatioiib of the tioopg on tile frontieis, $5,400,000." ;
And in lieu thereof to insert: ■
fo supply a deficiency of appiopri.itions for the regular '
supplies of the quartermaster's department in the year end-
ing June 30, 1857, .$279,377 57.
To supply a deficiency of appropriations for the inci-
dental expenses of the quartermaster's depaitmcnt in the
year ending June 30, 1857, $129,860 20.
To supply a deficiency of appiopiianons for the transpor-
tation of troops and supplies in the year ending June 30,
1857, $731,487 ] 5.
To supply a deficiency of appropriations for barracks and
quarters in the year ending June 30,1857, $67,954 39.
To supply a deficiency of appiopriauons for the regular
supplies of the quartermaster's department in the year end-
ing June 30,1858, $300,000.
To supply a deficiency of appropiiations for incidental
expenses of the quarieimaster's department 111 the year
ending June 30, IS58, $60,000.
To s-uppiy a deficiency of appiopriations for transporta-
tion of ttoops and supplies in the year ending June 3u, 1858,
$2,01)0,01)0.
To supply a deficiency of appropriations for constructing
bairaek", anil other expenses incident to the s,ame, ami to
quarters for the troop?, and to stoiehoines for the safe-
keeping of military stores, during the year ending June 30,
1858, §30,000.
To supply a deficiency of appropiiations for the purchase
of hoists necessary to be purchased m the yeai ending Ju.ic
30, 1S58, foi the two legnnenfs oi din^oon*. the two leiri-
nviifo of cavalry, the 1 eminent of mounted nflemen, the
compmie.s of lighl ait.lieiv, and such infantiy us it mav be
found necev.-aiy to mount at ihe fiontn-r po-ts, ,^100,000.
Air. CHANDLER. I hope tins amendment
will ho adopted, hocanse I believe it pioposies to
furnish nil 11<o Administration needs to carry on
the Utah war. The fact is, sir, that I begin to
have some hopes of this Administration, for it is
evident tiuit they have changed their adviseis.
On tlie 27th ot January last, when tlie Army bill
was under consideration, I had the honor to sub-
mit a proposition, which I perceive has been sub-
stantially adopted by President Buchanan and his
Cabinet. He has not given me credit for it; lie
did not consult me privately; but he is evidently
acting on my suirsrstion. I wish to read what I
said on the 27th of January last:
u Now, mi , I suggest another remcdv. I do not propose
to send leoi.nents and hnvouets into Utah ar tins stage of
ihe piocceding ; bur I piopoM! that we employ a irii-^ion-
a>v\ abound mi-Monaiy, a man known to he 111 the confi-
dence <>i this Ailmiiu-tiaiion. J^et him have letters patent
fiom thn Adniim-i!atioii.^howin<ri!iat hedoespo^ess their
con Jid'^ne.1 and lepie-cut tlien viewn. Send tins man alone,
without ai 111s and u nhon! bayonet-", to Bii«ham Voun<; and
to the people of Ufih Temtoiy; and after havinj; exhibited
ln-i te--iir.ioni.dN, let bun j-.ty to Bnidwm Young,4 Sir, you
aie und'-r a mi-,'ipprehensmii on this whole question.' lie
may leply, Mlcie is (he hill which declares that the people
o; the Ten ft.n les '• >hall be left perfectly fiee," not only to
1 emulate, but to foim their domestic institutions in then
own way," and there is no lmsappieheiision about it '
'Ah!5 the misMOPnrv can icpiy, 'that was a meie tub
tlnown to tlie whale; that was to catch iioithetn votes;
thai was to '-ave the honorable Senator from Illinois, and
the honoiable Senator fiom Mleiusan, and other honoiable
Senator, from annihilation at home. It does not apply to
the people ot the Tcititonf-,. You 1111M obey the laws;
and if vou do not obey them we will send .in aimy, and we
will exteitumate jour whole i.iee.1 lt'\ou ean convince
bun that thw man is the imlhful exponent ot the views ot
this Administration, and that that nunv will be forthcoming
unle^ he sulmnt to the laws, \uu will have 110 war, tor he
dare notie&i>l tins ^oveinment."
Now, sir, Mr. Bnchanan has not given me
credit for that su'r^estion, which I made three
months a^o, though he has substantially followed
it. It is tiiie, he lias changed the name. I rec-
ommended a missionary, and he calls his agent a
commissioner. I recommended one; he takes two;
but that is immaterial; two certainly will do as
well as one, .and I accept his amendment. One
i might be lonesome. As I said, I really begin to
J have hopes of this Administration, inasmuch as
| they have changed their ad visers; and I trust this
j amendment will prevail, because these commis-
| sinners, I vcnly believe, will close tins whole cun-
I test. I think the honorable Senator from Maine
; has actually proposed a larger appropuation in
; this amendment than the Administration may re-
i quire under their present advisement. I have no
doubt the President has carried out my sugges-
tion to the letter. 1 have no doubt these men have
gone there with letters patent, and that they will j
convince Brigham Young that they do represent ;
this Administration; that they are in the confi- I
dence of the President; and that Brigham Young
will say at once, " 1 have been under a nnsappre- !
hension; 1 have no idea of coming in contact with !
the Government of the United States." Even this !
appropriation is twice as large as you will require; I
but I hope the amendment will prevail. !
The question being taken by yens and nays, j
resulted—yeas 22, nays 30; as follows: j
YE Me--;-. J'ell. ihodenek, Chandler,Clark, CoIIa- ;
mer, Dixon. Dooiittie, IJmkee, Fe>senden, Foot, F<Mer, !
liale, Hatiiini, Harlan. Johnson of Tenne.^seo, King, S-'ew- '•
aid, Hmn.ionf, tftuaii, Tiumbull. Wade, and Wilson— 22. t
N \ YS—Meb-srs. Allen, I'>nyeid, Benjamin, HiggsJ, Biglcr, I;
Bright, Brown, Clay, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatiick. Green,
Gwin, Hammond, Henderson, Houston, Hunter, Iverson,
Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Kennedy, MaU«ry, Mason,
Polk, Pu^h, Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs.
Wright, and Yulee—30. J *
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I propose to amend the bill
by striking out that part commencing with line
one hundred and twenty-seven of the first sec-
tion, and ending with line one hundred and thirty-
five. The words to be stricken out are:
" For surveying the public lands and private land claima
in California, including office expenses incidental to the
survey.of claims, and to be di&buit>ed at the rates prescribed
by law for the different kinds of woik, being the amount of
surveying liabilities incurred bv the smveyor general during
the fiscal year ending June 3t), 1857, over and above that
authouzed under the appropriation of $50,000 for that pe-
riod, §220,000."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I siiouid like a little further ex-
planation of this item by th<-  Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Gwin.] I understood him to say
yesterday that the knowledge of the appropria-
tion for this service did not reach California until
after the contracts were made. I should like to
know how long it takes the news to go from here
to California, and at what time the appropriation
bill was actually passed that year?
Mr. GWIN. As I stated yesterday to the Sen-
ate', these were continuous contracts. I have a list
of them before me. It has been tlie policy of the
Government for many years in surveying public
lands to give out certain quantities, and to limit con-
tractors to so much woik as would be covered by
the appropriation for the current year; but it has
never been the practice, until it was established by
this Administration, to have the settlements made
up to the 30th of Juno in each year. For instance,
when the appropriations for the last fiscal year
were exhausted, it has been the practice of the
Government, ever since the public land system
was established, to keep the accounts continuous;
but last year the present Secretary of the Treas-
ury brought the subject before the President, and
he decided that the contianis should be settled
up to the 30th of June of each year. Heretofore,
these contracts running on, if a deputy surveyor
could not get through with his contract in a single
year, he was paid continuously out of the appro-
priations as they were made. These contracts
wereentered into in 1854, J&35, and 1856,and they
were always limited to the estimates, and to the
amount of work which could be done in the cur-
rent year. The appropriation bill, in this case,
passed, I think, on the 15th or 36th of August,
185G. That was for the fiscal year ending June
30,1857. A steamer for California could not have
left here before the 20th of that month, and that
would make the date of its arrival in San Francisco
about the 15th of September, more than three
months after the fiscal year had commenced.
The deputy surveyors were then in remote sec-
tions of the State, in uninhabited sections, where
there was no mail communication. They had to
fit out their surveying expeditions at great cost,
to protect themselves againstthe Indians, who fre-
quently committed depredations, killed their men,
and robbed their camps. Months must have in-
tervened before they could bo aware of the fact
that the estimates of the surveyor general had not
been passed by Congress, and before he could be
aware of the fact that the distances between cer-
tain points which they were to survey exceeded
the amount of his estimates. Tins resulted from
the fact that there was no rehabje information on
which to give a statement of the exact extent of
tlie country from one point to another, before the
surveys were actually made.
The whole of this deficiency originated without
the slightest idea on the part of the contractors or
the surveyor general that there would be any de-
ficiency at all, or that there would be any diminu-
tion of the appropriation estimated for by him.
As I stated before, the cost of the work exceeded
the §150,000 estimated for, entirely on account of
the distances between the natural objects within
which the contracts were given out.
Mr. HALE. When were the contracts made?
Mr. GWIN. They were made m 1854, 1855,
and 1856—so much to be executed in each year,
according to the amount of the appropriation esti-
mated for.
Mr. HALE. Then, if I understand this case,
