THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,"
there is charged upon the books of certain gentle-
men$87,000,expended to procure legislation; that
there are charges upon their books, if i rightly
understand the report, of that sum having been
paid in money, or in bills negotiable, to this wit-
ness.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. And the fact is
established by other testimony, aside from the
books of Lawrence, Stone & Co.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The fact is established by
the booksof Lawrence, Stone&Co.,and by other
evidence before the committee, which satisfies
them, and that satisfies me, that this witness re-
ceived fifty-seven thousand or fifty-eight thousand
dollars of this money. With this state of facts the
witness refuses to answer the question propounded
him in reference to this money; and yet the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] sug-
gests that we should postpone our action, to see
whether or not there is not something to examine
—whether or not there is something to hesitate
about.
Sir, when these facts have been disclosed to the
House, they leave no room for inquiry. It is the
right and it is the duty of the House to clothe that
committee with all the powers of the House, and
to make that witness answer all their questions
categorically, one by one, which may lead to the
truth in the inquiry they are pursuing.
Thecommitteepropounded thisquestion: " Did
you at such a time receive such an amount of
money, or bills negotiable ?" The question, with
the information before them, was one eminently
proper. They are met with what? By an attempt,
upon the part of the witness, to set up hisopinion
for theirs as to what were correct and what were
improper appliances of this money. Now, sir,
the members of that committee and the members
of this House may differ as to what were proper
and what improper uses for the money.
The committee ask whether he received the
money, and he responds that he did not receive it
for corrupt purposes. Sir, that is our right, and it
is the committee's right to judge. We want the
facts, and we can judge whether the purposes for
which it was used were corrupt or not. What
would he said to a witness in u court of justice,
■when he was asked if he received a sum of money,
if he answered: " I did not reccive any money for
corrupt purposes?" The judge would say to him:
"Did you receive the money? Answer thai."
If he answers, ** I did;" then, " For what pur-
pose did you receive it?" would be the next in-
quiry. *' Whaidid you do with it?" Then, know-
ing that he received it, knowing what took place
when ho received it, the court would learn what
he did with it. If that did not enable the com-
mittee to ascertain the truth of the charge that it
was for a corrupt purpose, it would do what is a
legitimate thing—it would turn them to others by
whom this corrupt purpose could be ascertained
if it existed. There can be no doubt about
that.
My purpose in rising was not so much to vin-
dicate the action of the committee, which needs
no defense from me, us to lemmd the House that
there U something due to its own dignity. There
is hardly a case of investigation where some wit-
ness does not attempt to make a hero of himself,
and a martyr sometimes. These cases of con-
tumacy are repeated, and are growing more and
more lrequent. Why? Because we encourage
them. J I'contumacious witnesses were treated as
they ought to be, we would have few of them here-
after. if the committee will pardon me for say-
ing it, if, instead of indulging tins gentleman, they
had called upon him to give an answer to the ques-
tion, and refused to receive any that was not, in
their judgment, an answer, the example would
have been worth something.
The question now is, whether we shall aban-
don this inquiry? We might as well abandon it
as only partially to carry it on. Shall the inquiry
be abandoned, or shall this witness, who is proved
to have received money, be made to testify before
this House to the facts which he alone knows?
Mr. SEWARD. As I desire to be enlightened
on this subject, and especially on the law of the
case, I would inquire whether the witness has
not expressly stated that he never received any
money, to be used either directly or indirectly to
control the legislation of Congress? j
Mr. PHILLIPS. I have already stated that!
the witness has substituted his own judgment for '
the judgment of the committee. We are the judge
of that.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the gentleman if that
is an opinion ? It is not an opinion of the witness.
The only question arising, if the money has been
traced to his hands, is this: if the witness has
committed perjury, he is then liable to be indicted;
but, sir, he has sworn unequivocally that he never
used any of that money, directly or indirectly, to
affeet the legislation of this House. That is not
an opinion. It is true that, in answer to a preced-
ing question, the witness stated he never used
any money for corrupt purposes. That was an
opinion; but, when he declared under oath, that
he never used any money, directly or indirectly,
to control the legislation of the Country, that was
a fact; and if the money be traced to h.is hands,
and he received the money for that purpose, then,
having denied it, he could be indicted for perjury.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 differ with the gentleman.
That is as much an opinion as the other. Let
him tell us how he used the money,and then we
can tell whether it was for a corrupt purpose or
not. has no right to say that he did not use
it to control the legislation of the country; that
he did not use it directly or indirectly for that pur-
pose. What did he get that money for? Did he
get it from Lawrence, Stone & Co. ? What did
he get it for? To whom did he pay it? Perhaps
he would have told to whom he did pay it, and
who did use it directly for the purpose charged in
this inquiry.
Mr. SEwARD. I put the question to the gentle-
man in this shape: Suppose he was upon the bench
adjudicating a case, and a question was propound-
ed to a witness in relation to a matter whicli^lid not
affect the merits of the case; would he compel the
witness to answer? A court would judge of that
point, and that is what this House is going to do
now. And, sir, a committee created by authority
of this House has not a right to ask a witness a
question on other matters than those confided to
them to be investigated. The witness has some
rights as well as the House; and I lay it down as
a proposition which cannot he denied, that neither
this House nor any court has the right to go into
the private affairs of witnesses unless the trans-
action relates to the business the court or House
has under investigation. It is so with a court, and
this House should be governed by the same rules.
Mr* PHILLIPS. There can be no real dif-
ficulty about this question. 1 would say to the
gentleman from Georgia, that no judge, and no
committee, would make or sustain any inquiry
that was not pertinent to the matter before them.
But of the pertinency of the question the House
is the judge. Did the gentleman ever hear of a
witness attempting to judge that? I ask the gen-
tleman to answer.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 never did. I understand
that, leaving the committee, he has come here to
the proper tribunal to decide the question. I do
not understand that the committee is competent
to decide the question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If it is competent for the com-
mittee to inquire whether money or other means
were used forthc purpose in influencing the legis-
lation of Congress, the proceeding must be carried
on as such examinations are made before courts.
They must do it as they say lawyers get to Heav-
en—by degrees. They must ask one question at
a time. They must begin and ask: " Did you get
the money from these people? There has been
a charge that certain persons expended money to
procure the passage of certain legislation. There
is, at least, foundation for the charge, as I am told,
in testimony aheady taken, and in the books.
Tins gentleman is represented to have received
the money. The firstquestion is, "Did you re-
ceive the money?" I apprehend the gentleman will
find no instance to the contrary, that because the
witness thinks it is his private business, he can
arrest an investigation. Where would this thing
end ?
Mr. SEWARD. I do not deny that the private
business of the gentleman can be inquired into, if
that is under adjudication. I take itthat the gen-
tleman has answered, in fact, that he did get some
money from Lawrence, Stone & Co. The ques-
tion was never propounded to him what he did
with it.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I differ with the gentle- j
man.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask that it be read. I have :
never heard it. He said that he never used any
money, directly or indirectly, to control the legis-
lation of Congress.
Mr. PURVIANCE. The question stated by
the gentleman was asked.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the record to be read;
The committee has never asked the witness what
he did with the money.
Mr- PHILLIPS. The question asked by the
committee was, whether he ever received the
money with which he appears charged upon the
books? I beg to remind the gentleman that that
was the question asked—whether he received this
sum of money—whether he received these two
particular sums of $24,000 and $33,000? If he did
receive them, there is a manly way of answering.
There is a truthful way of answering.
I differ with the gentleman from Georgia, who
says that the witness has already admitted its re-
ceipt. Headmits itwitli an equivocation. He does
not admit it in such a way that, if it is not true,,
it could be the ground of an indictment for per-
jury. The question propounded was, " Did you
receive these two snms>!' The answer is, "I
neverreceived them for a corrupt purpose; I never
received them for the purpose o£influencing legis-
lation." It by no means follows that he received
them at all. That is not a fair inference to be
drawn. On the contrary, the witness denies that
this House shall draw that inference; for he un-
dertakes to tell the House, through its commit-
tee, that we have no right to make an inquiry
whether he received it absolutely, and that the
only inquiry we have the right to make is the one
to which he has limited his answer.
Mr. PQRVIANCE. I wish, in the first place,
to correct a misrepresentation under which the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Seward] labors.
The witness absolutely refuses to answer whether
he received the money; and, as a matter of course,
refusing to answer that question, in the first in-
stance, it would be idle to ask him the second
question: " What did you do with it ?M And yet,
sir, in the course of the examination, the witness
was asked that question in that way, and he
turned to the committee and said: " I have not
yet told the committee that I have received a sin-
gle dollar." Now, it appears from the evidence
before the committee that the sum of $58,000 was
paid over into the hands of this man; and that it
was paid into his hands for a corrupt purpose, is
believed from the testimony of the witness who
paid it. The witness refuses to answer whether
he received the money. The committee say they
have a right to the answer; and I think it will be
obvious to the House, at once, that we have a
right to the answer, because, if ho answers that
he did receive the sum of $58,000, but disclaims
having made any application of it for a corrupt
purpose, that maybe consistent with the truth;
and yet the $58,000 may have been applied for a
corrupt purpose, for he may have paid it to A, B,
C, ami D, without reference to the mode and man-
ner of its application. We have a right to have
answers to those questions: First, " Did you re-
ceive the money ?" Second, " if you did receive
if, did you disburse any portion of it?" And
thiid, "If you did disburse any portion of it, to
whom did you disburse it?" If he says he dis-
bursed a portion of it, we have a right to the
names of the parties to whom he disbursed it, for
the reason that we can subpena those parties, and
question them, and they may, perhaps, be the
very parties who made the corrupt application of
the money; so that, in any point of view, I think
that this witness stands in a contumacious attitude
towards the committer, and towards the House.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Let us have
the answer read.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The answer is equivocal from
beginning to end.
Mr, MAYiNTARD. I ask permission to inter-
pose a motion to have the report printed and post-
poned to some hour to-morrow, so that we can
have it before us, and can understand it better than
is possible from merely hearing it read.
Mr, PHILLIPS. 1 do not yield for that pur-
pose, but I will allow the question and answer to
be road.
The Clerk read the question and answer as fol-
lows:
" Question T)ui you receive from the firm of Lawience,
Stone & Co., some tune in Maich last, a sum of securities
or money of the amount of $30,000, more or let*#!
