1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL
ini
and I do not know that I do, this appropriation
bill providing for surveys in California was passed
on the 15th of August, 1856, and the news of it
must have got to California as early as the loth
of September, 1856. It would seem to me, then,
that it was the obvious duty of the survey or gen-
eral, who found out, as early as September, 1856,
that Congress had appropriated but $50,000, to
do what he could to suspend his work, so as to
bring his expenditures within the appropriation
made by Congress. It appears, however, that,
having the knowledge, certainly as early as the
15th of September, 1856, that Congress had re-
fused to appropriate more than $50,000, instead of
making an effort to bring his work within that
sum, he goes right on, just exactly as if there
had been no limitation, and, instead of spending
$50,000, spends $270,000.
Now, 1 do not know but that he is an honest
man; I presume he is. I do not know anything
about him. I look at the ease outside of anything
connected with the character of the man; out, as
a great principle of public policy, is it right for
Congress to pass over such an act as this, on the
part of any officer who, as early as September, is
distinctly notified that the Government will not
spend more than $50,000 from then until the next
July, and still goes on and spends $270,000?
Mr. GYVIN. I stated that the surveyor gen-
eral had no means of communicating with the
deputies; and he had no means of knowing what
progress they had made with their work. The
season there is peculiar; there are eight months
without rain. In some seasons the surveyors can
make great progress, and m others butsmall prog-
ress. In the first place, the surveyor general could
not communicate with the deputies without send-
ing a messenger hundreds and hundreds of miles
at his own expense. He had no-idca that they
could exceed his estimate, and could not tell until
he received the returns. It being a favorable sea-
son for surveying, they did mom than he or they
expected. The contractors themselves had not
the most remote idea that they were exceeding
the appropriation, because it was a subject that
never occurred to them. They made the contracts
with the surveyor general; the appropriations be-
fore that had always been <*300,000 a year; he only
asked a diminution that year because the previous
season had been very unfavorable in those regions;
the Indians had been very troublesome; and lie
had not exhausted the former appropriation; and
lie expected that $150,000, with the addition of
the balance held over from the former year,-would
cover the service of 1856-57.
I will say to the Senate that every one of those
accounts has been adjudicated by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. The work of
every one of these deputy surveyors has been ex-
amined , and the surveys have been approved, and
the lands are now beim* offered at public sale.
The very work that these officers performed will
bring millions of dollars into thcTreasury. There
are now two and a half million acres advertised,
and there are to be millions more m a few days
advertised for sale, and ten millions more at the
beginning of the next year, making twenty-three
million acres altogether, and the whole expense
of the surveys has not exceeded a million dollai s.
Mr. HALE. I shall not occupy time, bat sim-
ply say that I think it would be a dangerous prin-
ciple to sanction this in an appropriation bill for
deficiencies, i think there is a great deal of wis-
dom and a great deal of correct philosophy in the
suggestion made by the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] that if any of these
officers have gone on and in ^ood faith expended
money without appropriation, we ought not to
wink at if; we ought not to Appropriate the money
as a matter of course; but in such a case let them
come as all other claimants do: with their petition
in the nature of a private claim, and let it be
investigated. If they have honestly spent the
money, we ought to pay them; but do not m the
general appropriation bill sanction such a loose
practice.
Mr. HOUSTON. In relation to this survey
I know very little—nothing except from the re-
marks I have heard in the Senate; but as to the
character of the individual who was surveyor gen-
eral of California, I can speak with a full knowl-
edge. From fifteen years'intimate acquaintance
with him, and with his transactions in public as
well as private life, I know there is on the face of
the globe no man more honest, more patriotic,
and more fkithful than he is, and I am satisfied
that, though not the most accurate and minute
man of business, if he transcended the powers
delegated to him, he did so from a full conviction
that he was promoting the interest of the public.
Sure am I that he had no ulterior views of self-
aggrandizement or of pecuniary gain beyond the
legitimate salary of his office and the perquisites
fairly his. Though it may be somewhat irregu-
lar, if it is a claim by an individual for justice, the
Government has the same ability to pay it now
that it will have atany future time. I cannot per-
ceive the propriety of postponing it and putting
in a private bill. If it would be just to pay it as
an individual claim, it is equally just to embrace
it in this deficiency bill, though I am not much in
favor of deficiency bills; but it is as proper to pay
it now as at any other time*, the consequence of
not paying it will be ruin to him. Where aman
has been just, honest, and faithful, and where the
benefits of his labors and misapprehensions have
accrued advantageously to the Government, I do
not see any just excuse that we have for postpon-
ing it. To receive the work and labor of individ-
uals, faithfully performed, and not requite them
for it, would be to stamp infamy upon this Gov-
ernment if it is able to pay its debts; and if it is
not, let it declare itself bankrupt. If it has the
means of paying just demands against it, let it
meet them properly, and defray the expenses in-
cident to us existence and preservation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not mean to be un-
derstood as refusing ever to pay the debt incurred
by the surveyor general of California, but I think
we should act consistently in regard to this bill.
It is known that the third section of the bill, which
makes provision for refunding to the Clerk of the
House of Representatives money which he paid
out by order of the House, has been stricken out
by the Senate, upon the ground that the House
of Representatives had no right, under the lav/,
to direct the payment of that money. That, it
seems, has been a disputed point, the law having
been construed differently by the Departments.. It
further appears, that the resolution of the House,
under which the Clerk made the payments, is a
usual resolution, and that payments have hereto-
fore been made under such resolutions without
objection. The Senate, however, has decided to
strike that section from the bill.
Now, let us not make fish of one and flesh of
another. Uere is a pioposition for paying, not a
small sura, as is pi ovulcd form the third section,
but paying ^220,000 in addition to the £50,000
heretofore appropriated for this object. Wo are
asked to pay a debt of $'200,000 incurred without
any authority of law. But it is said by the Senator
from California that the surveyor general of that
State was not apprised that Congress would not
make a larger appropriation. Does that alter the
case ? Are the officers of this Govei nmeni to go
on and make contracts upon the presumption that
Congress will make appropriations to mr et them 3
By what authority did the surveyor general of
California make a contract involving thu Gov-
ernment in one dollar's expense? What author-
ity had he to make a contract to involve it in one
dollar's expense, unless the law authorized him,
or the law appropriated money to it, or he was di-
rected to make the contract? It seems to me that,
if we mean to deal fairly with the officers of the
Government, we cannot, alter striking out the
third section, refuse to strike out this clause.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would remark, sir, to the
gentleman from Illinois, that upon the very same
principle that I voted to retain in the deficiency
bill the section proposing to reimburse the Clerk
of the House of Representatives, I vote to pay the
surveyor general of California. I wps opposed to
striking out the third section of the bill I thought
itoughtto be retained. I thought that if the Clerk
had faithfully paid out the money, he ought toJ)e
reimbursed, particularly as he had done it unucr
an order of the House of Representau ves, because
he was their officer, subject to their direction-, and
if he faithfully executed their orders, the nation,
in good faith, was bound to defray the expense,
or to repay him the money he had disbursed, and
credit him with it at the Treasury. That is the
leason I voted against striking out the third sec-
tion. Now, as the benefits of the mistake of this
surveyor general of California have resulted to the
advantage of the Government, and it has received
the labor performedmeon^eq^enceof the misap-
prehension he entertained, I think we are equally
bound, in good faith, to pay him. .
t Mr. PUGH. It appears to methat the distinc-
tion between the section that was stricken out,
and the section now before the S&natd ;iMdpl&ifr
that no ordinary amount of ingenuity can eonfutfe
them. In the former case, where one of the dis-
bursing officers of Congress had paid out money
in violation of law, and we refused' to sanction it,
it was urged that we ought at all events to reim-
burse him, because he had been misled by the
action of the House, to which the answer was
very properly made by my friend from Louisiana
that that being an appeal for him personally, the
Government having received no consideration for
this payment, and not standing in the attitude of
confirming the appropriation, but simply of re-
lieving an individual, it was proper for us to en-
tertain it as a private bill.
But, sir, what is this case? The law requires
the surveyor general to see that the public lands
are surveyed. He has to employ competent per-
sons for that purpose; and whenever he finds sur-
veyors who are competent, he makes a contract
with them foralarge district of country, approved
by the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
He has no discretion as to prices; they are fixed
by law. It is not a question of favoritism. It is
a simple question of quantity. Here is a large
tract of country that is to- be surveyed at some
time. The sole question for the Government, with
a view to its revenue, is whether you will survey
the whole of it this year, or will take two, three,
four, or five years to do it in. That is regulated
by the amount of the appropriation. The work
is at some time to be done; it is indispensable that
it should be done; for until it is done, the public
lands cannot be offered for sale.
Now it seems that Congress, having persevered
for a number of years in appropriating large
amounts for the surveying of districts of country
in California, suddenly changed its policy. We
know that it has beena*source of complaint, and,
in my humble judgment, of well-founded com-
plaint, on the part of the people of California, that,
owing to the number of private land claims, and
to the character of the mineral lands, we have not
progressed as we ought to have progressed'in se-
curing the settlement of that State. We suddenly
stop in an appropriation bill passed in the middle
of August, 1856. The fiscal year is entered upon;
the surveyors are in the field; they are in a remote
part of the State, a part not at all explored. And
now what is* the fact as it appears by the report
of the surveyor general, and of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office? That there were
errors of distance and of quantities, wheieby the
amount of work that these men perform exceeded
the appropriation for that year. They did it a
year too soon, or two years too soon—that is all.
i The work must at some time be done, and at some
! time be paid for, and be paid for at the same prices,
I and to be done either by the same individuals or by
j others equally competent. We have received the
I fruits ofAtheir labors They have surveyed this
I rmounf of public lands; their surveys are accu-
j rate; they have been approved at the General
[ Land Office; the land has been offered for sale;
■ we have received the work and labor of these m°n
i at peers which we ourselves fixed; and now we
[ are told that we should not pay for it, either be-
| cause they did more than we icquiied of them, or
\ because the surveyor general was misled as to the
1 quantities or the numbers of sections. It seems
to me to be a pioposition that two honest men
ought not to dispute about. We have the fruits
of their labor, and we are simply asked to pay
for it this year, instead of paying for it next year.
U seems to me there can be no ground of com-
plaint.
Mr. GWIN. I would say to the Senator from
Illinois that it seems a great haulship that the
deputy surveyois of California should sutler by
his vote on this particular amendment, simply
because the Senate struck out the third section of
this bill. I voted against striking out that sec-
tion; but I do not think my constituents should
suffer because a majority of the Senate do not do
what the Senator thinks is right in that ease. We
voted together on that section.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from California
is in error when he states that it has been the uni-
form custom of the officers of the Government
