1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
" Jtnswer. I did not, in March last, nor at any other time,
receive from Lawrence, Stone & Co., any money or secu-
rities! of any amount, for the pui pose of influencing, or to be
used m influencing, directly or indirectly, the action or vote
of any member or officer oi' the present or the last Congress
upon the tariff or any oilier act or measure eoiiMdered by
Congress, or betore n, or contemplated to be before it; nor
did I evei pay, or promise to pay, directly or mduectly, any
money or pecuniary consideration to any officer or member
of any Congress for Jus vote or services m the passage of,
or to influence his action m lelation to, the tanfl" or any
other law; nor did I ever give any money or securities to
any person for the puipose of being paid to any officer or
member of Congress for his vote or influence, dircctly or
indirectly, upon any act under tfce consideration or* Con-
gress, nor have I any knowledge that any such act or thing
was done by any other person."
Mr. PHILLIPS. That answer is as equivocal
as it possibly could be made. He denies having
paid any money, or given any pecuniary consid-
eration, and he limits his answer to that. He de-
nies the receipt of money for corrupt purposes,
and then goes on to say that he did not pay away
any money, or give any pecuniary consideration;
and then he again uses the word " money," and,
I think, " securities."
Mr. STANTON". I think the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will find that he peremptorily de-
clines to give a direct answer to the question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 was coming to that, fie
" Nor did I ever pay, or piomise to pay, directly or indi-
rectly, any money or pecuniar;! consideration to any officer
or member of any Congress, for his vote or s.01 vices* in the
passage or, or to influence his action in relation to, the
tariff or any other law; nor did I ever give any money or
securities to any person," &c.
Now, the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Sew-
ard] argued just now that, when he said he did i
not receive the money for that puipose, it was a
fair innuendo that he did receive it for some other |
purpose. I do notthink the gentleman 5s inference j
js weil founded; but it is just as fair an inference
from that answer that he gave some consideration
other than a pecuniary consideration. But the
witness goes on to say to the committee what I
think is most contumacious of all. He says:
"I am advised by my counsel, Messrs. Revei dy Johnson
and James M. Keith, whose opinion I have obtained Mnce
the present question was propounded to me, th.it the above
answer is a full answer to everything winch such a question
may involve, falling under the jurisdiction ot the liou-e of
Representatives, touching the niquny which th<* committee
are constituted, and could only be constituted, to investi-
gate."
Now, I have never known an instance in which
a witness has endeavored more to evade the force
of the inquiry, or been more contumacious, than
the present one. And the question with me is,
whether this committee shall be discharged from
the further consideration of the subject, or whether
the witness shall be properly dealt with as a con-
tumacious witness—not, as 1 said before, made a
hero or a martyr, hut when brought to the bar,
treated.as a contumacious witness ought to be
treated, and not allowed, as has been too much
the practice, to deliver to the House a harangue
or homily upon the duties of members of the
House. As I said before, I almost blame the
committee for indulging the witness to this extent.
The time has come, now that we have so many
investigating committees around us, when the
House should exert all the authority possible for
the purpose of making witnesses answer directly
and fully all inquiries.
A word now as to the inquiry. The question
asked the witness was: " Did you receive this
money ? " If he did not receive it for any im-
proper purpose, he could have answered " yes."
Then-would have followed the inquiry as to why
and how he received it; then as to whether he
used intermediate agents; and then as to his own
imputation—I mean the imputation conveyed by
his own evasive answer—to find out whether
some consideration, even if it was not pecuniary,
whether some inducement, whether some tempta-
tion, if it was not a consideration or inducement,
was ever held out to any one in authority to pro-
cure the passage of the law.
1 trust, Mr. Speaker, that the action of the
House will not be delayed; that the w.tness will
be l)i ought to ihe bar of the House at once, and
thy matter disposed of before we adjourn. We
oncouiuge these things. Each successive attempt
seems to bring on new ones. If this case is dealt
with as it ought to be, properly, sharply, and
promptly by the Bouse, by making the witness
answer, or subjecting him to pains and penalties
if he refuses to testify, and handing him over to
the authorities, under the act of last session, de-
pend upon it we shall not be troubled again in
this way.
Mr. REAGAN. The question propounded by
the committee is clearly a legal and proper ques-
tion. Did the witness give a legal answer ? He
had no legal privilege to refuse to answer the
question; but, m order to excuse himself for re-
fusing to answer it, he goes on to answer a series
of questions never propounded by the committee.
If the witness desires to rely upon the ground
that he might criminate himself by his answer to
the question propounded, let him make that point.
But he does not attempt to do it. He refuses to
answer a legal question propounded by the com-
mittee, and goes on to give answers in response
to questions never propounded by the committee,
thereby treating that committee and this House
with contempt. I trust this House will not in-
dulge any such captiousness by deferring this
matter until to-morrow. I call the previous ques-
tion upon the resolution.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw it for a moment.
Mr. REAGAN. I will withdraw it, at the
request of the gentleman.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will not detain
the House for more than a moment. Mr. Speaker,
the issue has been fairly tendered by the witness
who has been summoned before this committee
of the House as to its powers. He has tendered
it under the advice of counsel. He has declined
answering categorically a plain, direct question;
and it is now for this House to determine whether
under these circumstances it will accept the issue
and enforce its authority.
CJnder these circumstances I think it is unwise,
nay, more, it is undignified for this House to de-
lay. I think the time has arrived when we are to
assert the power of the law. I think the time has
arrived when we cannot with honor to ourselves,
when we cannot without disgrace, declare that we
will not meet the issue, or that we will postpone
it. It seems to me that we have hardly yet ar-
rived at the true point in issue between the House
and the witness. There are two exigent cases
provided for in the law. In either of these it be-
comes the duty of the Speaker to enforce certain
acts. In either of them it is devolved upon the
House to vindicate its authority. The one, is
where a witness refuses to appear before the com-
mittee. The other is, where, having appeared,
he refuses to answer. In this case the witness
appeared; and the question is, whether, from the
report of this committee, he has refused to answer
a proper question. Nay, I may say-mote. It ix
immaterial whether the question be proper or im-
proper. It is a question propounded under the
authority of the House by a committee acting as
us instrument, and it is no^for gentlemen to take
their positions that the question was an improper
one.
But to pass from that point; the question is
clearly a proper one, notwithstanding the fact that
the witness is informed by his counsel that the
question is not pertinent to the matter m inquiry
before the committee, or within the scope of the
authority of the House.
But there is another act of contumaciousness
which clearly places him in the contempt of the
House, and which is worthy of our serious con-
sideration. Has there been here a refusal upon
the part of this witness to answer the question
propounded by the committee, under authority of
the House? If we can only answer the question
in the affirmative, then the witness should be sum-
moned, and dealt with by the aulhouty of the
House. Now, then, what is the question pro-
pounded ? 11 is, whether he has received a certain
sum, in money or securities ? What is the an-
swer ? That he has not received that or any other
sum for a specific purpose. Why, sir, it is an
evasion. It is 110 answer of the question at all.
Let me illustrate. Suppose, in one of the courts
ot law, the question is propounded to a witness:
tf Did you, on a certain day, receive of your neigh-
bor a horse?" Answer:I did not upon thatday
orany other day receive a horse of my neighbor,
for the purpose of going from Washington to
Georgetown." Is there any man of common
sense who will pretend that is an answer to the
question? It is not, A full, categorical answer
to the question is yea or nay;and he who attaches
a condition to his answerevades the question,and
in every tribunal would be held as refusing to-mn-
swer, especially when the witness declines to an-
swer in any other way, and is held to be acontu-
macious witness.
Now, sir, there is the issue. It is full, well de-
fined, naked. Gentlemen cannot close their eyes
to it. And if it. is thus presented, and if it is pre-
sented to us with care, and under the advice of
counsel, with deliberation, under which the au-
thority of this House is not only doubted, but
scorned, there is no position which this House
can take except to accept the issue, and bring
the witness before us under the allegation for con-
tempt.
Mr. SEWARD. I know nothing about this wit-
ness, and care but very little; but the law ought
to be respectcd in this matter. If we have got
arbitrary power here, that is no reason why we
should exercise it. Now, sir, what is the issue to
be tried before this House ? It has been charged
that the legislation of Congress has been corrupted
ly'the improper use of money. That is the issue.
That is the record, and I hold gentlemen up to it.
Analogizing this case to an indictment where an in-
dividual is charged with stealing property, or with
the commission of any other crime, I put it to legal
gentlemen upon this floor, whether they can travel
out of the record and compel witnesses to relate
facts outside of the indictment upon which the
issue is made up and is to be tried?
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. The evidence is
never put into the bill of indictment.
Mr. SEWARD. It never is; but your proofs
must correspond with the allegations. That is
the law. Now, I deny that this witness is in con-
tempt of the authority of this House in this stage
of tlie proceedings. He had a right to say to the
committee, when they put questions to him, " I
think your questions are improper, and I deny
vour authority to compel mo to answer them.
You have no right to compel me to disclose facts
connected with my private transactions in life. I
will go before the House of Representatives, and
will there present my legal rights." Is there any
contempt in that ? Is there anything which should
subject this witness to reproach ?
Mr. PHILLIPS, lask thegentleman whether
tins witness sets up any such defense as not
recognizing the authority of the committee ? Or,
rather, does not he assert, in the broadest lan-
guage, that this is all the answer he is willing to
give, under any circumstances, to the question ?
Mr. SEWARD. I do not understand the wit-
ness to say any such thing. He says what is
right, and whiU every man in the country has a
right to say. He says to the committee, " I deny
your right to propound the question;" and then
what? He hail no power to bring it before the
House. The presumption was that the commit-
tee would come to the House, and ask its opinion
on the subject, and when the House decides the
question on proper legal principles, that the wit-
ness shall answer this question, 1 undertake to say
then that the witness will answer it.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Speaking
of ihe record m this case, I would inquire of the
gentleman from Georgia whether, in the ill st place,
the House did not raise the committee upon a
statement derived from the books of Lawrence,
Stone & Co., that $87,000 had been expended 10
influence legislation of Congress? and whether, in
the course of the investigation of the committee,
it does not appear by other evidence than the-evi-
dence of the witness in tins case, that a large por-
tion of that money passed into the hands of the
witness himself? Now I desire to know of the
gentleman whether he thinks that -the witness,
standing m such circumstances, can avoid and
evade all further answer ? Must we be satisfied
|j With the answer that he does not know whether
!l it was expended directly or indirectly to influence
ij legislation? I ask him whether, as a lawyer, or a
M judo-e, or as a member of this House, he will not
!; hold it to be the right and duty of the House and
the committee to require him to say how it was
i-j expended by hun, in order that the House or ths
<j committee may call upon the other persons into
" whose hands it may have passed,and still anoth-
er, and still another, until at last they find how it
was expended ?
Mr. SEWARD. Upon the case made up by
the gentleman in his speech 
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. It is accord-
ing to tlie facts.
