1774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
to give surveying* contracts without limit as to
amount or time. Tins is not the uniform custom.
It may have been the common practice in Cali-
fornia; in fact, I think we have the evidence be-
fore us that it was the practice there; but we have
no evidence whatever that a similar policy has
been adopted and pursued in any other surveyor
general's district. And, sir, I know, personally,
that this course has not been pursued in the region
of country that I have the honor, in part, to repre-
sent. I know, at least, that my colleague's suc-
cessors in office gavo no such contracts, nor do I
believe that he ever did when he filled that office
himself. The contracts are made definite where
ever it is possible that they can be thus made.
The amount of work to be performed is made
specific wherever this is possible. The surveyors
general of the district in which I reside have, I
know, always attempted to limit themselves, in
giving out contracts, to the amount of money
appropriated by Congress; and, as to time, have
deferred giving out contracts until after the ap-
propriations have been made, in order that they
might know what amount of work to contract for.
It seems to me that this is too plain a proposi-
tion to require any explanation. That this would
be the proper course to be pursued none can doubt;
and that it has been the usual course I have nota
shadow of doubt. I do not assail the honesty of
the surveyor general of California. As to his in-
tegrity of character, I have nothing to say. The
only point to which I have called the attention of
the Senate is, that he has authorized work to be
done which Congress neverauthorized to be done.
The only excuse given for this policy on his part
by the Senator from California is, that he made
contracts that were unlimited as to amount or
time. This is doubtless at the foundation of the
error; but itmakesthc error none the less, because
thaterrorwas committed in writing. It was stated,
1 believe just now, by the Senator from Ohio, that
this had been approved by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office.
Mr. PUGU. I said the surveys had been.
Mr. HARLAN. As to that, the Senator is in
error
Mr. PTJGTI. The Senator from California stated
it, and I presume ho knows.
Mr. HARLAN. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office, in the report before me,
states simply that these surveys have been certi-
fied to be coirect by the surveyor general of Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. GWIN. They have been passed by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
only await this appropriation.
Mr. JONES. I desire to ask my colleague a
question. What will become of the four deputies
who have done this work if you refuse here to
make the appropriation ? Are they to comc to
Congress and petition from year to year to get the
money winch is due them for their hard labor?
I think this appropriation ought to be made, even
though the debt has not been incurred in strict
accordance with the law and the custom of the
Government. I know, however, that surveyors
general hcretofoie have frequently gone beyond
the amount apportioned to them fur surveys; and
deputy surveyors, from time to tmv, came to me
when I was surveyor general, and since that time I
have come to Congress, to be paid, if they have 1
not been paid, merely because the suiveyor gen- j
eral chose to exceed the amount apportioned to '
him for surveying. The deputies cannot know j
whether he has exceeded it or not. Would my \
colleague have innocent parties suffer—the deputy '
surveyors of California ? If the surveyorgeneral i
is not competent or honest, remove him from of- ;
fice; but do not punish the innocent deputies. I .
think the section ought to be retained. !
Mr. HARLAN. I ask my colleague if he in- j
tends to say that the deputies who have done such ;
work hitherto have come to Congress for their i
pay? !
Mr. JONES. They have had to do so, certainly. ]
Mr. HARLAN. Then it will be no greater;
hardship for the deputies in California to come to 1
Congiess in person to receive their pay than for ;
the deputies in Iowa to come to Congress for their '
pay. This is what we propose to allow them to j
do—to come to Congress, and lot the Congress of !
the United Status say whether they shall be paid '
or not, after having examined the equity of their J
ckvhrfs*.
I would say further, that I propose to place
them just where the majority of the Senate pro-
pose to place the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives. It is stated here that money was paid
by him without authority of law; and we are told
by the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
that he may have an equitable private claim on
Congress for indemnity, if he has paid out money
under a mistake, and in view of his duty, under
a resolution of the House of Representatives, ille-
gally passed. The Senator says he ought to come
to Congress as a private claimant; that his claim
should be referred to a committee, and that the
committee should be authorized to send for per-
sons and papers, and put witnesses on oath, and
subject them to cross-examination. If that is
to be done in relation to an officer of the House
of Representatives, paying, by an order of the
House, money out of the contingent fund of that
House, it certainly carmot be regarded as a hard-
ship to require the surveyorgeneral of California
to present his case in a similar way, when he him-
self confesses that the work has been contracted
for without authority of law.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Towa
will allow me to make one suggestion to him.
Tli is money is not to be paid to t lie surveyorgen-
eral at all. It is not proposed to pay it to him,
but to the sub-contractors, whose work has been
examined by the General Land Office, and ap-
proved.
Mr. HARLAN. I have just remarked that this
work has not been examined by the General Land
Office. The Commissioner of the General Land
Office says it has been certified to by this same
surveyor general, who, without authority of law,
authorized the work to be done; and now I pro-
pose to show the Senator from California that
these men have been paid for that work.
Mr. GWIN. If you do, I will give it up.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, sir, I read from the
message and documents of 1856-57, part I., page
383, the annual report of the surgeon general of
California.
Mr. GWIN. What is the date ?
Mr. HARLAN. The report is dated Septem-
ber 30,185G.
Mr. BENJAMIN. A year too soon.
Mr. HARLAN. No, sir. I will'take the fact
stated m this report, in connection with the report
for the year ending June 30,1857. The surveyor
general states, m his report dated September 30,
185G, that but little work has been done, for a lea-
son which he assigns, as follows:
" A few fractional townships have been smveved where
the immediate wanls. oi the >uttlei* enabled tlu-in to pa> the
deputy a --iilficient amount beyond tin? pricc allowed by the
Government, to save him from los&es.''
It seems that these deputies have not only con-
tracted to do work for the Government at the
prices fixed in the law, as I am told by the Sen-
ator from California, but that they have been au-
thonzed by the surveyor general there, or have
without such authority, also charged the settlers
on the public lands an additional amount of
money which, in their judgment, would justify
them for doing the work.
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator permit mc to
correct him? This has reference to private land
claims—Mexican claims that were adjudicated by
the board of land commissioners, where the
amount allowed by the United States for the sur-
veys, which was fifteen dollars a mile, would not
compensate any deputy surveyor for the work.
It has no reference to sctLlers on the public lands.
It has been proposed to change the law so as to
give a sufficient amount to enable the surveyor
general to make contracts exceeding the present
price fixed by law, in order to put a stop to that
practice which is dangerous, m my judgment, and
never ought to be permuted. The private land
claimants, under grants made by Mexico, ou^ht
not to be permitted to give the deputy surveyors
a compensation over and above what the law au-
thorizes the surveyor general to give them, to in-
duce them to survey their land. The price fixed
by Congress is at such a low rate that it is im-
possible to get the claims surveyed, and it is now
proposed to have additional legislation oil that
subject, so as to prevent that very piactioe.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from California
is again in error. I will read more from this re-
port, in order that he may understand it fully:
" The surveying operations of the State have therefore
been confined for the most part to sections where these
claims do not interfere, and to valleys in the mountain dis-
tricts, now so eagerly sought after by Hie settlers, in the
northern portion of the State, adjacent to mining dis-uicts
and towns; and m the southeastern portion, to the valleys
and slopes desirable for stock ranches and agiieultural pur-
poses generally.
" Connected with the Humboldt meridian, hut little has
been done. The rugged nature of the country, and the dens-
ity of the timber it) the most desirable distucts, renders it
impossible to proeurc the surveys at the present prices al-
lowed bylaw. A line has been extended direct and by off-
sets, along and near the coast north of Humboldt bay, to a
pojnt near the State line.
" A few fractional townships have been surveyed where
the immediate wants of the settlers enabled them to pay the
deputy a sufficient amount beyond the price allowed by the
Government, to save him from losses."
But, sir, it makes no difference whether these
were private claims or public lands. The survey-
ors are paid under the laws passed by Congress
by the General Government, so that it does not
matter whether these were private lands surveyed
by the public surveyors at the expense of the Gen-
eral Government, or whether they were public
lands not covered with private claims. Here itis
clearly stated by the surveyor geneial m his re-
port that the deputy surveyors have, by the au-
thority, as I think it may clearly be inferred, of
the surveyor general, charged the settlers an ad-
ditional amount to that authorized under the laws
of Congress. Wherever they were willing to pay
this additional amount, the lands have been sur-
veyed. Where they were not able, or were not
willing, they have not been surveyed; and hence
he accounts for the limited quantity of public lands
surveyed in his district. Now, in order that we
may know something of the amount thus charged
additional to the sum allowed under the laws of
Congress, I propose to read from the report of the
surveyor general contained m the message and
documents of 1857-58.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator from
Iowa, that I have laid my hand on a paper which
I had mislaid yesterday, from Mr. Hays, the sur-
veyor general, explaining the whole matter. It
states the facts, and perhaps he would like to have
it read before he goes on.
Mr. HARLAN. I am willing to have it read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Unitkd States Surveyor General's Office,
San Francisco, California, March 19, 13.37.
Sir: In obedience to the requiiements of your letter of
the 2d of January la.n, f foiw ard you, accompanying- this,
in a tabular form, marked A, a statement of all the contracts
entered into with deputy suiveyors by me, with the date of
the contiaets, names of the deputies, tiie date of the expi-
ration of the contiaets, the extent of the contracts, and the
probable liabilities inclined upon rnteiin^ into the sime,
ami out of what pattieulai appropriation it w.ii intended to
liquidate the vnme. Byyour letter of the 3d of November,
1833, to which icference is made in >our letter of January
:2, 1857, jt was stated that on the 30th of Septembei, 18,"5,
there was applicable to the ?uiveys m this State, the Mini
of$378,922 08, and that for the pie-sent fiscal year there
was an estimate of $-30,000, which was subsequently ap-
propriated, making the amount applicable, to July 1, 18,>7,
$4:>b,92'2 08. Willi this laige atnountapplieable to the Mir-
veys, I did not think that any possible difficulty could m-ino
from makms the contracts which have been entered into
since the receipt of the letter above referred to, ah those con-
tracts anticipated the expenditure of only about $-80,000.
From the knowledge possessed of the nature of the country,
but a veiy imperfect estimate could be made of the extent
of the work which could he made within the limit assigned
to any contract. The extent of the arable land bemj: found
by actual examination much gtcatrr than anticipated, the
suiveys of which would have eventually to be made ; in al-
most every case the returns of woik greatly exceeded the
amount ougmally estimated, inconsequence of which, and
much to my suipri'-e, work to the amount of lull $194,000
lias boon piesentcd since January 18, 1837, embracd by
contract's which weie onginalh made to expne duunrj the
yeais 1834 and 1833. hut on winch extension? of tune had
been granted to the deputies. Thi-  excess ot liabilities over
the appiopnations is one that it was impossible to ime&ee at
the tiin^ ol making the contiaets,and I can onlya.-^ure the
Department that it rs as much leeirrted by rne as u was un-
expected. The last contract, it will be seen, was made on
the Kt day of January, 1837; no moie, of coui^e, will bo
emoted into until advised by the Depaitment. Such depu-
ties in the field as could be lecalled without utter nun to
ihem, have betm notified of the wi->h of the Depii tment and
have ao( oidmsly icturned. The f>uive\mg of confirmed
hind claims is continued, with the explicit undemanding
that the claimants pay the expenses, and only to beienu-
burr-ed from appropriations hereafter to be made lor that
purpose.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient seivant.
JOHN C. IIAYS.
United S'ala Surveyor General of California.
Hon. Tiiomas A. Hendricks,
CommUswncr of the General Land Office, Washington*
Mr. HARLAN. I do not see that there is any
information in this paper pertinent to the point
on which I was addressing the Senate, not con-
tained in the oiHoial report of the surveyor gen*
