THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 11.
Mr. SEWARD. It is not. Itis not the record;
and 1 will show the gentleman that it is not.
« Did ynu reeeive from the firm of Lawrence, Stone &
Co., sometime in March last, a sum of securities or money
of the auiottnt of $30,000, more or less ? 
That is the question. The answer is:
" I did not, in Mareh last, nor at any other time, receive
from Lawrence, Stone & Co. any money or securities of
any amount, for the purpose of influencing, or to be usd in
influencing, directly or indirectly, the action or vote of any
taefrvber or officer of the present or the last Congress, upon
the tariff or any other act or measure considered by Congress
Knfftrp it. nr nontemniated to by before it. Nor did I ever
w before it, or contemplated to by before it,
Day or promise to pay, directly or indirectly, any money or
■pecuniary consideration to any officer or member of any
Congress for his vote or services in the passage of, or to influ-
ence hisaotion in relation to, the tariff or any other law. Nor
did I ever give any money or securities to any person for the
purpose of being paid to any officer or member of Congress
ftn-.hisvote or influence, directly or indirectly, upon any act
under the consideration of Congress. Nor have i any knowl-
edge that arty such act or thing was done by any other per-
son."
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Does the gen-
tleman regard that as an answer to the ques-
tion ? .
Mr. SEWARD. I do not consider it an answer
to the question whether he received $30,000 from
these parties or not. T say it is not an answer.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. Then is not
the House entitled to a direct answer to the ques-
tion ?
Mr. SEWARD. I say that when the witness
informed the committee that whatever money he
l-eceived related to a private transaction, they had
no right to make him disclose that private trans-
action. He denied that it ha'd any reference to the
matter which was being tried by the committee,
on the record made up by the resolution referring
this whole subject to the committee.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I would like to
ask the gentleman upon what legal principles he
excuses the witness from answering as to what
disposition he made of this money ?
Mr. SEWARD. 1 will answer that; that ques-
tion was r.sver propounded to him, what he did
with th6 money ?
Mr. PURYIANCE. I will tell the gentleman
for the second time, as a member of the commit-
tee reporting the pending resolution, that the gen-
tleman is laboring under a misapprehension.
Mr. SEWARD. Then if I am mistaken, I am
mistaken because the record does not enlighten
me. I ask the gentleman to show it to me. Iam
trying this matter upon legal principles, and upon
the record made here by the committee, and upon
which they ask the judgment of the House.
Mr. MOORE. I desire to explain in regard to
the examination of this witness before the com-
mittee. The gentleman from Georgia is clearly
under a mistake. When the witness was asked
whether he received this money, he refused to
answer the question.
Mr. SEWARD. I cannot yield any further.
I cannot go back into the committee room to
inquire what transpired there.
Mr. MOORE. Then you must not make the
charges. You do not give the members of the
committee time to make an explanation of the
matter.
Mr. SEWARD. I will take the explanation
that is upon the record. It is upon that we are
called to decide. 1 say that if the record shows
that the question had been propounded, " What
did you do with the money?" and the witness
had refused to answer, then 1 should have insisted
upon exerting the full authority of the House.
Mr. PURVIANCE. The answer of the wit-
ness was, that he had not yet said that he received
any money.
Mr. SEWARD. That may have happened m
the committee room. 1 do not know about it. I
hope the committee, for the purpose of enlighten-
ing us, will complete the record, that we rnay have
the whole case before us, and not have it made
lip of statements first of one and then of another.
We are trying the legal right of the House, not
to punish a witness for contempt, for contempt
will only attach to a witness that shall have dis-
puted the orders of the House. When the House
shall decide the question, whatever may be that
decision, right or wrong, if the witness does not
stand up to it i am for imprisoning him.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to call the gentle-
man's attention, and the attention of the House,
to the answers of the witness to three different
questions propounded by the committee, which i
the gentleman seems to have entirely overlooked j
in the course of his remarks:
" Question.—Did you receive any securities of any kind
during the month of March last, to the amount of $30,000
at one time ?"
" Answer.—Not for any purpose of that sort."
Implying that he had received the sum of
$30,000. T , „
Mr. SEWARD. I said before I got the floor
to make my speech that the witness had impliedly
acknowledged he received $30,000; but he denied
tljat he received it for the purpose of corrupting
thelegislation of Congress—the very matter which
the committee had invited the attention of the wit-
ness to.
Mr. CLEMENS. Here are other questions:
" Did you ever for any purpose
Whatdoes the witness say ? His answer is:
" Well, that would be a matter of strictly private busi-
ness."
Mr. SEWARD. I say so too. I will defend
the witness in that. I will say that the committee
never hud the right to ask the witness whether he
received money for any purpose.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. If the gen-
tleman will allow me a word. Suppose this case:
that the witness received from Lawrence, Stone
& Co., $30,000 without a word being said as to
the purpose for which it was given, and handed it
over to a third person in the same manner, who
used it corruptly. In suchacase, if the committee
must be satisfied with the answer that witness did
not receive orpay over with corrupt purpose,lask
the gentleman from Georgia how ne would ever
get at the truth ? Would he excuse the man for
not answering under such circumstances?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; I would not. But
I should say it would be a very fruitless act of
generosity to hand over to any gentleman $30,000
for no specified purpose, especially in these hard
times.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. That may
be; but it is doubtless often done in such cases.
Mr. SEWARD. But this witness denies that
any money was used by him, or by any other per-
son, for the purpose of corrupting any member or
officer of the House.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. That he
knows of.
Mr. SEWARD. That he knows of, of course.
I presume you do not want the witness to state
things which are beyond his knowledge. I say
that the witness has disclosed every fact which
would go to show that he had received money for
a corrupt purpose, or in any shape, manner, or
form, to buy votes, to influence members, or to
control the action of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Let the reso-
lution be read.
The resolution was ?gain read.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I merely wish
to say, that 1 think that the question put by the
committee was a very proper one; that the wit-
ness is in contempt in refusing to answer it; and
that he ought to be made to answer it. I thought,
from the remarks of my colleague, that the reso-
lution contemplated the immediate imprisonment
of the witness. 1 would not go that far; but I
think he ought to be brought to the bar of the
House.
Mr. SEWARD. It does contemplate imme-
diate imprisonment.
Mr. STEPHENS,ofGeorgia. No,sir; itonly
contemplates that he shall be arrested and brought
to the bar of the House to answer.
Mr. SEWARD. That is imprisonment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That is arrest,
but not exactly imprisonment. It seems to me
to be perfectly right that the witness should tell
whether he got any money from Lawrence,
Stone & Co.; and if so, what he did with it. 1
demand the previous question.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 will inform my colleague
that the record does not show that the question
was ever put to the witness what he did with the
money.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I know that;
but he does not answer the question whether he
got it or not. I maintain that he is bound to say,
and that we should require him to say, whether
he got it; and then, if he did get it, what he did
with it.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to have the resolu-
tion under which the committee was appointed
read, so thfet the whole subject may be before the
House.
[Cries of "No, no!" and " Object!"]
Mr. BOWIE. I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I think enough
has been said upon this subject, and I insist on
the previous question.
Mr. MOORE. I desire, with the leave of the
gentleman from Georgia, to say a few words.
Mr. STEPH ENS, of Georgia. Well, I with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. MOORE. I will renew it, and I will oc-
cupy the time of the House for but a few minutes.
Mr. BOWIE. I believe I have the floor if the
gentleman from Georgia withdraws the previous
question; and I object to his farming it out to any
one else.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
if the previous question is withdrawn absolutely
by the gentleman from Georgia, the gentleman
from Maryland is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have with-
drawn it.
Mr. BOWIE. Mr. Speaker, I regard this as a
grave question. It involves, m fact, the rights—
the private rights—of every citizen of this Repub-
lic. We are now called on to enforce the sovereign
power of this House against a citizen who claims
as against it his private rights; and I am for con-
sidering considerately the question of power be-
tween the sovereign and the subject. A citizen is
brought up here before this House as the grand
inquest of the nation, the great grand jury, in the
exercise of a *riminal jurisdiction; and is called on
to answer certain questions. That you have a
general inquisitorial power, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, in regard to offenses
against this House, no man can deny; and to that
extent,and to that extent only,have you any ju-
risdiction whatever. It is said that a contempt of
this House has been committed by a contumacious
witness. One exercise of that power, which is
given to you by the Constitution of the United
States, is to preserve your order and to punish
offenses committed in the presence of the House,
or the misbehavior of members. Whence is the
power derived ? What is the powerat last? What
is its nature? It is, simply,and nothing more nor
less, than that power which belongs to the Par-
liament of England, and has been transplanted to
our soil. It is the law of all public bodies. It is
the necessary law, incorporated into our Constitu-
tion—the law of self-defense, simply, and nothing
more. You have power to protect your majesty,
if you choose to call it majesty. Youhnvepc -er
to protect and defend yourselves against disorder
of every kind, and against violence of every kind.
It is but the law of nature, the law of neaessity,
incorporated into the parliamentary law of Eng-
land, and thus transplanted to our soil.
But if you attempt to go beyond that, you be-
come usurpers and tyrants. You dare not go
beyond that. Power is given to you to the whole
extent of the purpose for which it is given. You
propose to punish a man now for contumacy, for
contempt of this House because he does not choose
to answer a certain question. I assure you that
upon every principle of common law his answers
given to the committee of this House have purged
him of contempt and you have no right whatever
to pursue this subject any further.
" Question. Had you any funds placed m your hands, be-
| longing to any of the manufacturers in Massachusetts, for
the purpose of influencing members of Congress upon the
passage of the tariff act ?
" Jlnsii-cr. I had not.
" ilv.c-dion. Were you ever authorized by any of them to
make any promises of future benefits, in the event of the
passage of that act ?
11 I was not. . .
" Question. Did yon, after the close of the last session ot
Congress, receive from the n^anufacturers, either in Boston
or elsewhere, any funds, money, negotiable securities, or
anything of that sort, to be used in that way .
" Jlmver. No. sir. , . r
" Question. Did you at any time during the months ot
March or April, 1857, receive lrom Mr. Stone any negotiable
securities, or monev, or credits of any kind .
Answer. Never. Never for any iuch purpose as that,
either directly or indirectly. . .
" Question. Did you receive at any time in the eaiiy
part ot March a considerable sum of securities for any pui-
V°'^lnmer. Never, for any purpose connected with the
taiiff, either to be paid to members of Congiess, tor the
purpose of influencing their action, or to be paid to their
agents.
