THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES~ WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 9, 3858.
New Series No. 17G.
public purposes which he is ignorant. These i
military reservations are generally of value; the i
settlements cluster around them; they are required
for other public purposes; and I see no reason at .
ail why Congress should not have controlof their '
disposition. Why cannot the Secretary of War, j
whenever a particular reservation is no longer re- j
quired for a particular purpose, communicate the ;
fact to Congress, and let Congress dispose of it •
as it sees fit? Now there was Rock Island reser- ;
vation. That was required for railroad purposes. J
It might have been required for other putposes
connected with the Government. In ail these
cases there is a degree of discretion to he exer-
cised which 1 think had better be vested m Con- :
press than in any public officer. Let the reasons i
for which the land is no longer wanted lie sub- ;
tmtted to Congress, and then let Congress throw
it into the public domain or appropriate ltforother
public purposes. It is much safer. We are never1
in any particular hurry about selling a particular
piece of land, and then the control of the public
lands will be in Congress, where the Constitution
places j t. *
Mr. STUART. If the Senator from Louis-
iana desires to effect his object, and the Senate
agree with him, he should present an amendment !
which has that effect. That would be easily done 1
by saying that military sites having become use-
less and unnecessary shall not hereafter be sold,
except by the special authority of Congress. Let
that be done. But I say the effect of this amend-
ment is to leave the difficulties, to allow the land
to be seized upon by a set of men known as pre-
emptive speculators, and yet the Department do
not have authority to sell it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 win yield to any amend-
ment the Senator would offer for that purpose. I
have the same desiie that he has. 1 think the
amendment accomplishes it.
Mr. STUART. It does not.
Mr. WILSON. That was the object of the
amendment. I think it covers it. It does not
allow authority to sell the military sites without
the authority of Congress. I take it one of those
sites cannot be sold or token by anybody as any
part of the public domain. If the Secretaiyof
"War thinks one of the military sites of the coun-
try ran be dispensed with, and he wishes it sold,
let Sum come to Confess, sUue the fact, and have
an act passed roveung that special and particular
case. Now, sir, tins is a proposition to repeal ail
laws 
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator will allow
me a moment. There should be no dispute about
language. If the Senator thinks with me, I would
suggest this amendment: " or be subject to the
general laws in regard to the public lands." Then
it cannor be preempted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Docs the Sen-
ator move that amendment to the amendment?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STUART. I suppose the Senator will
accept it ?
Mr. WILSON. I accept it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, as modified.
Mr. STUART. Let it be read, to see how the
language reads.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have just read it; and the
difficulty will be met by adding, at the end, the
words:
Stud lauds shall not lie subject to the geneial land laws.
That, under the law, would cover it.
Mr. FITCH. Does not the general law pro-
tect Indians upon reservations?
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
Mr. FITCtl. I think the better way would be
to except it from preemption. That would cover
the whole oi ject.
Mr. STUART. Then, instead of the words I
before ptoposed, I suggest these, words:
\ud said lands shall not be subject to «aie or preemption
um.er am'of the laws oi uie l/iuteu states.
176
j Mr. WILSON. I accept that,
j Mr. YULEE. I would like to learn from the
I Senator from Michigan what interpretation he
| would give to this amendment which he proposes.
I in its application to an existing case m regard to
Florida. There was some legislation at the last
session winch is in the course of execution, but
is not yet executed. During the progress of the
Seminole war, very large reservations, m some
instances fifty or sixty thousand acres of land
were withdrawn from sale, for the purpose of en-
abling the military commanders to keep off liquor
sellers, &c. At the last session the Military De-
partment was authori7ed to relinquish such res-
ervations as were no longer needed for military
purposes, by reporting the fact to the Interior De-
partment, and they then fell into the general mass
of public lands, subject to sale, after a certain day,
as other lands. The War Department have taken
that step with reference to two or three cases, but
have not yet completed then resolution with in-
spect to others. They have notified the Depart-
ment of the Interior in rcspect to two others, but
that Department has not yet had them all for sale.
They are agricultural lands altogether.
Mr. STUART, i have no doubt that so far as
the Secretary of War has notiiied the Secretary
of the Interior, the action is complete; they be-
long to the public lands; but so far as that has not
been done, there would be no authority remain-
ing if this amendment should prevail.
Mr. WILSON. Lettheamendmenttisamendeil
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That all the eustuvj law-, oi pvt- ofhiw^, whn h nmhor-
i/" the sale ol'nnhiatr ri'e^. which a.c ot mav hc-oni"
u-eh^s for military puipiso-., hr\ and the j-ame aie heielu,
repealed, ami haul hind- ^nail in>5 he ^uhfet to -ap; oi p;o-
euiption under any of the l.moi \ 'mted
The amendment was agieed to.
I have an amendment to
Mr. HOUSTON.
offei:
 vec. —. Jiiul le if further ciuutcl* Teat theu* he
pruited, out of uny money ni the Trou-eiy not mV'iu i-e
apptopnated, tha sum of K7.~v1*ju 30. to jofmul that amount
paid hv the £tate of Tew. foi random ^'rvicf, whieii w:"-
e\u<'miod fer the protection of the fionticr ; anil that the
thither amount of f<\21, which ha^ hren liquidated
and is yet due to claimants, he,and i* heicby, appropnated.
Mr. HUNTER. Does that comc from any
committee? ;
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state that  I
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cj.av m I
the chair.) Does the Senator from Virginia raise '
a point of order?
Mr. HUNTER. I do. Unless the amendment. ,
comes from n committee it is not in order. !
Mr. HOUSTON. I will explain it. I oeceny >
very little of the time of the Senate on the;-,.' bills, i
though I have a speech of about th-^e hour^' i
length winch I will deliver on some occasion. It j
is strange that I cannot be permitted to explain 1
a matter of importance to my Stare, hems; hnrc- j
alone, wearied out with watching, occupying no I
time of the Senate. When 1 ru-e to offer an im- I
portant amendment affecting the rights of my j
State, and endeavoring to obtain an appropi ldtion j
to lefund her the money that she has already !
paid out of her treasury to defend her frontier, if j
there is not accorded to me that decree of patient j
necessary to hear me while I explain the amend- !
nvnf, 1 hnd better leave the Senate. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator '
is out of order. j
Mr. HOUSTON. I was in order, Mr. Presi- j
dent. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question i
of order presented is. whether this amendment is <
in accordance with the lccommcndation of any :
committer.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am goino; to answer that
question. When I received thejoior resolutions
of the Legislature of Texas at an <>aily day of the
session I immediately referred them to the Mili-
tary Committee, wheic they remained until the
oilier day, and when i went there it was with dif-
ficulty they could be found. In saying this I in-
tend to cast iio redaction on the cnairman of that
: committee, for he was grievously afflicted for
I months. At length the resolutions were found,
but no report was made on them. A communi-
cation hod been made to the War Department for
information on the subject, and the War Depart-
ment wrote a letter of the most extraordinary
character and did not recommend the recognition
of the claim. I will state the history of it.
In ] 855 the frontier of Texas vuus not defended,
many aggressions were committed upon her in-
habitants bv killing them, as well as depriving
them of their property, and stealing their horses.
Though there were some three thousand regular
troops there, they were utterly useless, and af-
forded no defense to the frontier. The people
were flocking into the interior. They found
themselves in a defenseless situation, subject to
the mercy of the savages, and the troops utterly
inefficient to pursue them, being infantry, or if
they were cavalry, they knew nothing about sucn
service, and they were equally faulty. The State?
calh-d out four companies of rangers, and settled
with them m April, ]3j5. They were paid, I
think, under the direction of a paymaster of the
United States,Texas furnishing the money. Some
seventy-five thousand four hundred dollars were
paid forthe four companies,and $12,000 remained
unpaid but liquidated, the amount being ascer-
tained. The Legislature of the State, at its last
session, instructed the Senators and requested the
Representatives of Texas to obtain the payment
of the amount from the United States. Here is
the letter of the Secretary of War, which I will
read to show the inconsistency of it,and the friv-
olous objection that is made to the recognition
of this claim:
" Thcv [the four eoinpame-] had hern rogulrulv mustered
into tl"5 M'lvior ot the United States, m the lattei part of 1851.
Wheiher tiioy oi tii** oniei eompamc1-. mentioned weic sub.
s-'fjuenUy in the ^e.uee ot u e :?talij oi"iY.\u>, i ins. Depa<t-
itic-'t ilois not know Th" fontd^ howrve>. attest that
Capiism Chaih'- II Tiavi- accepted a eonnn-'-Hm in the
d i.M_riin(".'t oi e tva.1 i\, th° r>ih da\ ot Apnl, 1 —lour
d.i\s onl\ «•!;< i he \ <i- marion d ou! of the volunteer ser-
wee ol the Pint^d relate-, Uoai width it is fan to inlei that
theie nuM he '•ome nii-take in chauiiucr the Government
with p'lyuvnt ol anv M'moe* renden-d hv him at the head
<u a company m the State s-ereiee on the 2Sth ol Fenruary,
lcf>5, a> h dofif m the statement furui>iied by the aurhort-
:<"•  of Texas."
; ■
;■ As if April preceded February. It was in
;1 February that the services weie rendered; and on
j' the 1st of April Charles E. Travis was mus-
; tered out of this service; and on the 5th of April
! lie accepted a payment ft urn the United States.
1 The Ser iefary pieces Februaiy behind April; that
, is the objection to the recognition of the claim !
i Mr. HUNTFR. I am sure the Senator from
> Texns does not \\ ish to speak against order. Will
i he not allow the Chair m dci.id"?
, Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
| f>'om Texas is ch aily out of oider, unless he m-
tends to snow thnt this amendment is within the
j, 30th rule. If the Sena'orcan show that it comes
I within any of the classes, excepted m the rule, he
I is in order; but if he does not propose to show
j1 that, he is out of older.
j, Mr. HOUSTON. 1 propose to show that I
j have used proper diligence to bring it within the
! ru:e. [Laughter.]
II The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is clearly
! out of ordei.
| Mr. HOUSTON. Will the Chair be kind
enough to say how the State of Texas is ever
j ■ to get ledress, if the committee will not make a
I' report?
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
i the business of the Chair. Hio duty is to enforce
1' the i uh s of oi der.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the Senate for
j PRKSIDLVG OFFICER. Til" qafPtton
- of ordor is j;;!.:m■ '.i that til'? ame'idineht ; ji-'I i ~
(luiiiiend'-d by liny standing or seWt cosmuittct'
i of the Senate. The 3Utii rule is j.!ai• s i'pon this
I subject; ond, 111 the opinion of the Chair, me
amendment is not in onier.
j Mr. HOUSTON. That is not the fault oi' the
! State or her Senator.
