1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
the first to comply with the request; but I,pee no
such reason; on. the contrary, the record displays
good reason for opposition to the request. Ques-
tions have been propounded to the witness. There
is yet no answer. A request is made for postpone-
ment, that a day may be given to the gentleman
alleged to be in contempt, for answer and purga-
tion; and the cause of that delay is, that his coun-
sel, his senior counsel, is engaged in professional
duties before the supreme tribunal of the United
States. And yet the advice of that senior counsel
was obtained and presented to us here yesterday;
that advice was fully discussed; and in respect to
its nature, the House deliberately came to the
conclusion that there had been a contempt of its
authority.
In this connection I may ask at the proper
time that the answer of the witness, reported to
us yesterday, be read agUin to the House. If I
recollect aright—and I am sure that gentlemen do
not forget what occurred then, or what is indited
there—the witness stated that upon consultation
and receiving advice from two gentlemen learned
in the profession of the law, he was counseled that
the question itself was not pertinent to the inquiry
or within the scope of the authority of the House
of Representatives. If this gentleman has taken
that position—if he then proffered that issue to us
which we then and there accepted, I ask what
reason is there for any delay now, when it is re-
quested by the gentleman to enable him to seek
further advice in respect to the issue which he
then and there proffered to us?
Now, if we are engaged in a transaction which
is surrounded by dignity; if we arc engaged in
the pursuit of an alleged culprit; if we are determ-
ined to administer with caution, but with due se-
verity and promptitude, the punishment proper
for the offense committed, letus proceed in order;
and I ask, therefore, of the House, that before
voting on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
we may consider what is the position of the wit-
ness before us, and whether there is any propriety
in granting him further time to icview the posi-
tion which he took yesterday, under the advice
of that eounecl of whose absence he now com-
plains. I ask that his answer to the committee
may be read from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Speaker, I concur gen-
erally in the views expressed by the gentleman
from New York, on the question now presented
for the consideration of tins House; and m order
that we may know precisely the issue presented
for our determination, I desire to read that portion
of the answer of the witness which was laid be-
fore the House yesterday. This question was
propounded to the witness:
" Question. Did you receive fiom the fmn of Lawrence,
Stone & Co., sometimem Mai eh ia>t, a sum or secunliesor
money, of the amount of $30,UOO, uioie oi less?"
Now, what does the witness answer ? He says:
" Answer. I did not. m MarcJi last, nor at any other time,
receivc from Lavvience, Stone, & <Jo., any money or secu-
rities ot any amount, lor the purpose of influencing, oi to he
used in influencing, directly or indirectly, the action or vote
ot any member or officer ot the present or the Jast Confess
upon the tauff or any other act or measuio coiiMdeied by
Congress, or before it, or contemplated to be beioie n; nor
did I evei pay, or promise to pay, ditectiy or indnectly, any
money or pecumaiy coir?ideiauon to any officer oi member
of any Congiess for his vote or sn vices in the pa^-age of,
or to influence Ms action in i elation to, the tan IT or any
other law; nor did I ever give any money or sectiutieb to
any poison for the purpose of being paid to any officer or
member of Congress tor his vote oi influence, ditectly or
indirectly, upon any act under the conMdeiation of Con-
giesss; nor have I any knowledge that any tucli act oi thing
was done by any other person "
Now what does he still further say, sir?
<l J am advised by my counsel, Messic. lleverdy Johnson
and James M. Keith, whose opinion I have obtained since
tke present question was propounded to me, that the above
answer is a full answer to everything which such a question
may involve, falling undei the jurisdiction of the Hou^e of
ilepresentatives, touching the inquny which the committee
are constituted, and could only be constituted, to investigate.
And, acting tinder tke same Icqaladi'ice, I mosst respectfully
submit that the question, ut its present form, i-> notof itself
*pertinent' to the only inquiry which the Hoiue, in tins in-
stance, has a legal light to institute.
u If, acting under such a power, a committee of the House
can compel a witness to answer such a question as tins
except by saying that he did not use at all, dircctly or indi-
rectly, any money, coming !iom any quaiter, to influence .
directly or indirectly the action or vote of any member of
Congress, and that he ha* nevet p ml any money to anyone
for t-ueh a pui pose, and ha-s no knowledge that anv money
was used lorthai- pmpnse, or nny othei i nmpo^e, 10-
gatdmg Confess, os any of its offieeis, 1 respecttully t-ub-
in:t that it gives to tlie committee or the House the light to
inquire into my private business and social t elation?, which,
except so far as they may tend to prove the alleged improper
influencing of members of Congress m some official duty,
is as much beyond the jurisdiction of the House, arid, of
course, of the committee, as it would be beyond their power
to investigate the private business and social relations of
any other citizen, without such a charge or implication of
coi ruption, or attempt to corrupt Congress or any of us mem-
bers, having been made."
Now, sir, what is the issue which he presents
to the House in thatanswer? Upon full consult-
ation with his counsel, as he himself alleges, he
prepared an answer which was reduced to writing
and which I have read to the House. To-day,
in order to purge himself of the contemptof which
| he says he is unconscious, he desires until next
Monday to have still further benefit of the coun-
sel of Messrs. Johnson and Keith, both of whom
he had consulted before the obnoxious answer
was given.
Is there any reason, under the facts presented,
to give to this gentleman, until next Monday, time
to deliberate upon a matter upon which he alone
is in full possession of the information required?
He is either guilty or not guilty of using this
money for improper purposes. He acknowledges
that he has received the money, as I understand
his answer. He acceded indirectly to the charge
that he had received $30,000 from Lawrence,
Stone & Co. But when the question is put di-
rectly, whether he received the money, he evades
the answer by saying that he received the money
for no such purpose. Now that he did receive
the $30,000, he indirectly admits in his answer,
because he acknowledges that he did not receive
it for the purpose as alleged bij the committee; indi-
rectly admitting that he had received that sum,
but denying that he applied it or used it for the
purpose which the committee was called upon to
investigate.
Now, sir, he, under his answer as presented to
the House, is the only competent person to lay
the truth, as it is, before the committee. Why
have tht benefit of counsel when he had it before ?
Why have the benefit of Messrs. Johnson and
Keith in order to chaffer about the phraseology
to which he may reduce his answer? If he is not
guilty, as he himself alleges, of having used this
money many manner, either directly or indirectly,
for influencing legislation in Congress; if he does
not know for what purpose it was used; if he
stands before the House and country purged of
all attempt directly or indirectly to influence the
legislation of this House, or to influence the vote
of any member of this House, or of the last Con-
gress, why, can he not come up and state so
plainly, distinctly, directly, and honestly ? Why
have time to deliberate upon a matter in which
the truth is only required to be told? If he did
not intend to place himself in contempt of the
House and its authority, it is very easy for him
to go before the committee, and if he knows
nothing about this money, how it was used, how
he got it, or how he disposed of it, it is very easy
to say so; but it is very remarkable that $30,000
could have come into his possession without his
knowing why he received it, or without his re-
taining a single voucher in regard to its disposal,
or knowing into whose hands it went. It has
been proved, and virtually admitted by him, that
$30,000 was paid by Lawrence, Stone &Co. into
his hands. What disposition was made of it?
If he has not disposed of it at all, but still retains
it, that is a matter between Lawrence, Stone &
Co. and himself to settle. But if he has paid it
into the hands of some one, and does not know
for what purpose, then it is the right of the com-
mittee to pursue that money into whosesoever
hands it passed.
Under these circumstances, while I am willing
to extend to this gentleman, and every other gen-
tleman similarly circumstanced, every possible
liberah-y and magnanimity, and while I am not
disposed to use the power of this House against
any man placed in its power, yet under all the
facts of the case as they have been presented
under the answer of Mr. Wolcott himself, it is
perfectly competent for him to appear before the
committee to-morrow and answer the question
truthfully and magnanimously as a man; and to do
that he docs not require any consultation with his
counsel, Messrs. Johnson and Keith.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I entirely
agree with what appears to be the sense of the
majority of the House, that the question pro- j
pounded to this witness was a proper one, and that I
the committee were entitled to a direct and cute-1
gorical answer thereto. ^ The House yesterday
pronounced that this witness was in contempt,
and he has been arraigned this morning: to answer
to that charge. In this written answer" he applies
to this House for time to purge himself from con-
tempt until Monday next. He alleges, as a rea-
son for asking this indulgence of the House, that
one of his counsel is sick, and the other necessa-
rily occupied in other professional engagements.
Now, sir, it appears to me that there is nothing
unreasonable in this appeal to the House upon the
part of this witness. There is no principle in-
volved in granting thisindulgence. My own judg-
ment is clcar that the question was a proper one,
and that the House will feel itself called upon to
compel him to answer the question directly. The
position which the gentleman occupies is not an
enviable or pleasant one. It is one of great em-
barrassment. He has been arrested here, charged
with a grave offense against the House. Now,
sir, shall we deny to him the advice of counsel—
a right granted to every criminal arraigned before
your judicial tribunals? The right to the advice
of counsel is a constitutional right, guarantied to
every man throughout the region of the common
law. It may be that both the witness and his
counsel desire to reconsider this case, to reexam-
ine this question, and to see whether or not the
advice given to the witness on the previous occa-
sion was safe and satisfactory. I am in favor,
therefore, of allowing him this further time for the
purpose of purging himself from the contempt
under which he stands arraigned.
Mr. DAWES. This witness brought before
the House, is a citizen of Massachusetts. I have
never had the pleasure of seeing him before to-
day, nor did I ever see or know any member of
the firm of Lawrence, Stone & Co. I am not here
in his behalf, or in their behalf; nor am I here to
interpose any obstacle to any investigation of the
charges brought against the members of the last
House, or of this House, or its officers If any
money, from any source, has been used to corrupt
any nmn in high place, I will contribute what
little aid is in my power to ferret it out. Sir, the
question before the House is not whether the wit-
ness has answered truthfully or not, for if he has
committed perjury, he is to answer for that to
another tribunal.
The question before the House yesterday was,
whether the committee had propounded to him a
proper question; and also whether he had an-
swered that question in full? We differed here
yesterday about the record that the committee had
made up. Some of us thought that he had not
answered the question properly—that he had not
answered it in full—that he had not admitted that
he had received that money; while others of us
were just as certain that he had admitted its re-
ceipt. I observe that members here differ this
morning on that point. I observe that the chair-
man of the committee, when the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Clemens] declared a moment ago
that the witness had answered thatlie had received
this money, shook Ins head, and said he had made
no such answer. A record has been made here;
and we cannot tell, from the record itself—we who
arc here called upon to pass as judges upon this
question—whether he has answered in one way
or the other. It is true that he said he made that
answer under the advice of counsel. It is true
that the House declared yesterday that by that
answer he had committed a contempt of the House;
and he is brought here to-day to purge himself of
that contempt. And what does he say ? He says
that he was not conscious of having committed
any contempt. It was not his intention to have
committed any contempt of this House or its com-
mittee. It was the furthest thing from his mind to
have done so.
The House having declared that the answer he
made in good faith, as he says, intending to an-
swer all proper questions of the committee of this
House, is a contempt of this House, he asks you
to give him until the next day this House meets
to prepare an answer, which will fully purge him
of this contempt. He asks for time to purge him-
self of contempt; and gentlemen rise up here and
say that it is inconsistent with the dignity of this
House to give him one single day to prepare his
answer. I was astonished to hear from the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. John Cochrane] that
this House owed it to itself to give no time to this
witness to answer. I have not forgotten that a
