694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
to the other side of the House, but I take occasion
to tell that gentleman thatif he intends to insinuate
that there is a member upon this side of the House
who can be influenced, by reward, or the hope
thereof, or by fear, he is very much mistaken, sir.
[Laughter on the Republican side of the House.]
I tell him that he has mistaken the character of
this side of the House altogether; and I tell gen-
tlemen upon the other side that if they are afraid
that such a state of things exist, they may allay
their fears; we are not made of that sort of ma-
terial. [Renewed laughter from the same quar-
ter.} Neither the Executive, nor anybody else,
could influence us.
But, sir, this thing has gone far enough. I
rose to a question of order when the resolution
"was first proposed. The Chair, however, and
gentlemen all over the House, were disposed to
hear the whole matter. It strikes me that it is not
a question of privilege to attack any gentleman
upon mere newspaper report. Why, 1 can find
newspaper articles—articles emanating, too, from
this Hall, and claiming high authority, that con-
demn the very best men upon this floor; and I am
now upon the track of a distinguished reporter
who has taken occasion to write an article, for
which, if I can find him out, I will move to expel
him from the Hall. I want gentlemen upon this
floor who wish to make insinuations against the
character of anybody, to meet us face to face. If
you want to attack the President, or any member
of the Cabinet, or any Democrat upon this side of
the House, come up boldly and attack him, and
we will meet you;but do not stab him behind the
ribs when he has not a chance to see from whom
the blow comes. I now raise the question of
order that this is not a privileged question.
Mr. BURNS. I would like to have that article
from the New York Tribune read again.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will suspend until the Chair makes a statement.
The resolution on its face presents a question of
privilege, and the Chair has so ruled. The Chair
has heard the statement of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hoard,] and there was nothing
in it which, in the judgment of the Chair, justi-
fied the predicate of the resolution. The Chair
will not, however, undertake to say that this is
not a question of privilege, but will refer that ques-
tion to the House so far as to subiYiit the question
to the House whether it be a question of privi-
lege or not.
Mr. BURNS. I would now ask to have that
cxtract from the Tribune, which was read by the
gentleman from New York a little while ago, read
again.
The extract was again read by the Clerk.
Mr. BURNS. Is that from the correspondence
of the Tribune ?
The Clekk. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURNS. Well, Mr. Speaker, I pronounce
it a falsehood from beginning to end; a he from
beginning to end; and the man who penned it is
about as corrupt as the man who delivered it
from the stand a moment ago. [Laughter, and
cries of " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. Itis not in order for the gen-
tleman to make personal reflections.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. In such a case
as this the Chair submits the question to the
House whether it is a question of privilege or
not. That was the course pursued here in the
Thirtieth Congress by Mr. Winthrop.
Mr. GIDDINGS addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks to have read
a precedent which arose in 1850, in the Thirty-
First Congress, under the administration of Mr.
Speaker Cobb.
The Clerk read as follows:
"july 5, 1850.
" Mr. Giddings stated that he rose to a question of priv-
ilege, and submitted to the House a communication from the
Washington correspondent of the Boston Athls of the 2d
instant, charging him with having abstracted fiom the files ,
of the Post Office Department certain papers relating to
the appointment of postmaster at Obeilin, Ohio. The same
having been read, Mr. Giddings was proceeding with *orne
remarks thereon, when Mr. Jones raised the question ot
order that said communication did not involve a question
of privilege, and consequently that its consideration by the
House was not in ord£r.
<v The Speaker decided that when a member uses upon
the floor and brings befoie the House matters relating to
the privileges either of the House or a member, the ques-
tion must be entertained by the Chair so far as to submit
to \\\e House to determine whether it is a question of privi-
lege or not. The Chair would not entertain every motion
which a member might think proper to say was a question
of privilege. But it is the duty of the Chair to see that the
matter relates to the privileges either of the House or a
member. When it does, as in the present case, then, un-
der precedent in the Twenty-Ninth and Thirtieth Congress-
es, the Speaker holds it to be his duty to entertain it as a
privileged question to the extent ot submitting it to the
House to determine whether it is a question of privilege or
not for its consideration."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That would
apply to the other precedent to which I alluded,
where the Chair first decided the question of priv-
ilege.
Mr, GROW. I rise to a question of order.
The Chair recognized the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings,] and then asked him to suspend
until he could have a paper read. I think the gen-
tleman from Ohio is on the floor. I merely call
the attention of the Chair to the fact.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it was the
gentleman from Ohio on the right [Mr. Burns]
whom he recognized.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am perfectly willing the
gentleman from Georgia should proceed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I was proceed-
ing to say that it has been usual, when questions
have been presented by a member claiming them
to be questions of privilege, for the Chair to sub-
mit the question to the House, as the Chair pro-
poses to do in this case. It is.for the House to
determine whether the statement made involves
a question of privilege or not. In the case cited
by the Chair, the member presenting the ques-
tion of privilege brought before the House charges
against himself—against his integrity; and the
Chair submitted it to the House to determine
whether it was a question of privilege or not. I
do not distinctly remember how it was determ-
ined. My impression is that the House decided
that it was not a question of privilege.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The House determined both
ways on that occasion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It decided one
way, as I have stated. Now, Mr. Speaker, the
question we have got to decide is, whether the
statement made by the gentleman from New York
is a question of privilege. I stated, when the ques-
tion was first presented, that I did not think it
was. I repeat the same opinion to the House
now. It is no question of privilege; and why ?
Because there is no statement made by any re-
sponsible person containing any charge against a
member of the House.
Mr. STANTON. Is this question debatable?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It certainly is,
as I understand it.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the Chair to decide.
The SPEA KER. Following the precedent set
in 1850, when debate was allowed, it is.
Mr. STANTON. Does not the Manual decide
that questions of this description shall be decided
without debate ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. Ques-
tions of priority of business are to be decided with-
out debate.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There is in
this statement nothing from any person known
to this House. The statements aie from news-
paper articles, written by correspondents, the
names even of whom are not known—vague ru-
mors. The member who presents them docs not
vouch for them. He does not rise in his place
and present, upon his responsibility, such an in-
stance as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
dings] presented. He presents nothing but vague
rumors; and, in my judgment, the House upon
them cannot entertain the resolution as a question
of privilege. If the member will rise in his place
and present allegations against the Chief Magis-
trate, which, if proved, would justify an impeach-
ment, let him do it, and I venture to say it will
be met promptly on this side of the House, and
that a committee will be raised. But the mem-
ber who presents this resolution makes no such
statement. Why, sir, if we were to raise com-
mittees to investigate every charge made by an
anonymous newspaper scribbler, we might cease
to legislate and resolve ourselves into nothing but
committees till no one would be left to do any
other business. Now, sir, I think it is time that
we should put an end to these proceedings. I
move to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the motion for a moment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I cannot.
Mr. GIDDINGS. As allusion has been made
to me personally, I hope the gentleman will yield
to me.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I cannot with-
draw the motion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I suppose the
motion to lay on the table assumes that it is re-
ceived by the House as a question of privilege;
and being in possession of the House as a ques-
tion of privilege, the gentleman from Georgia
moves to strangle this investigation.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the House
wish to vote down the motion, they can do it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I appeal to the gentleman
as a personal favor to withdraw the motion;I will
renew it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Very well; I
will withdraw it and yield the floor.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Very well; then
I will withdiaw the motion unconditionaJIy.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will renew the gentleman's
motion. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry to see so much
excitement upon this grave question. We are sit-
ting here as statesmen, and as representatives of a
mighty people, and it becomes us at all times to
purge ourselves of all charges of corruption and
misconduct on our part. When I first rose I did so
for the purpose of calling the attention of the Chair
to the very decision to which he has referred. Itis
not a question of order for the Speaker to decide;
it is a question which appeals to the conscience
of the members of this body. Are we willing that
these charges, insinuations, and distinct declara-
tions shall go forth to the public, and we not meet
them ? That is a question which every man must
decide for himself.
Sir, when charged with misconduct, in the in-
stance to which allusion has been made—I speak
of it with emotion—I did rise and appeal to my
fellow-members to give me a committee, that I
might meet the foul charge—for a more dishon-
orable charge could not have been made against
me. The House gravely denied the request.
They would not give mo a committee to purge
myself; but when these charges came from a man
outside—from a member of one of the Executive
Departments—when he had reiterated the foul
slander, the House did then appoint a committee
to investigate the matter, as you will see from
your Journals.
My friends tell me that I must not go on. I
wish to allude to another precedent. At a later
period, a colleague of mine from the opposite side
of the House, [Mr. Sawyer,] was charged by a
correspondent of the New York Tribune, with
partaking of refreshment outside the bar, of a very
peculiar character; in other words, that he was
eating sausages in the House; and gentlemen of
the House, then Democrats, made it a question
of privilege, and excluded the reporter from the
Hall because he thus assailed a member.
Now, sir, I felt for my colleague during the
readmgof thai paper this morning at the Clerk's
desk. He is a stranger to me. But, sir, my heart
beat in sympathy for him when he was thus as-
sailed; and I want to give him an opportunity
to repudiate the foul calumny. 1 want to disin-
thrail him, and let him stand forth free from the
imputation. It is a grave, infamous charge; and
I hope he will not allow it to be passed by with-
out throwing it off. But, sir, I only rose to call
i the attention of the House to the instance in
| which I was concerned. In obedience to the
j promise made to the gentleman from Georgia, I
1 now renew the motion to lay the subject on the
I table.
! Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to have the
extract from the Tribune read again.
Mr. HOUSTON. While the motion to lay
upon the table is pending debate is out of order,
and the paper cannot be read.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I hope that motion
will be withdrawn.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia'. I decline to
withdraw it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided ill
the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Arnold, Atkins,
Aveiy. Baiksdaie, Bishop, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyce, Bryan,
Burnett. Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay,"Clemens. Chngman,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockenil, Corning, Cox, James
Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford. Curry, Davidson, Davis ot
Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dewart, DimraicK, Dowdeii,
