2804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Mr. YULi'EE. It was an act reported from the
Committee on Public Lands, to relieve from the
incubus of a reservation large districts of agricul-
tural lands that had been withdrawn from sale
simply during the Florida war. I will read it:
"That all public lands heretofore reserved for nuhtaiy
purposes io the State of Florida, winch said laud-, 1,1 the
opinion of the Secretary of War, are no longer u-seful or
desired for such purposes or so much thereof as said Sec-
retary may designate, shall he, and they are hereby, placed
under the control of the General Land Office, to be disposed
of and sold in the tame manner and undei the same regu-
lation* as other public lands of the United States : Provided,
That said lands shall not be so placed under the control of
said General Land Office, until said opinion of the Secre-
tary of War. giving his consent, communicated to the Sec-
retary of the Interior in writing, shall be filed and recoided."
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to know whether
the reservation made now describes it sufficiently.
It was only last year that power was given to the
Secretary of War to sell all reservations.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was con-
curred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have an amendment to
offer:
That §20.000 be appropriated to pay for timber u«*d by
the ti oops of the United States m consUuetiug forts and lor
other pin poses.
Mr. COLLAMER. The amendment does not
provide for paving; the money to anybody.
Mr. HOUSTON. I send to the desk some let-
ters, which I ask to have read.
The Secretary read the following letters:
War Department, Wamiinoion', march 30, 1858.
Sir t have the honor heiewilh lo submit the inclosed
repoit of th« Uuarternmster General, and ie>peetlully to
&ak that the sum mentioned therein, intended io meet cer-
tain claims ot citizens of Texas, lot wood and timber cut
on their huuK tor the use of the noop-. ol the United States
Htauoned in the State, may be added to the bill tor deficien-
cies, now pending.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient setvnnt,
J 1 JOHN 1!. FLOYD.
,S p< ? ft itt ji of War.
Hon. .f. Jovns, Chairman Committee Ways and
Mi-ani, House oj llcjne^entotives.
Mr JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I merely wish ! I matter before the House, in order to have it
to state that for the first time in my life after ten ; passed. The same subject-matter was referred to
. • -/-I t _ I   ^ : v, > ♦ 1> ^ «-v-> milfau «f Plainio unit I i > u tTull t ) o  Vl !I11 I > A m
years service in Congress, I agreed to pan on
quautkrmas il'r (jrni- nm/s orricb,
\V\shinoio\ City, Fein wiry IH. 1808.
Sir: There aie seveial claims !oi wood ami timber cut
on the lands of cin/.ciis of Teva> foi the u-e ot the troops
ot the United States ^rationed in that State foi hexei.U vears
past, which are coii'ideied ,iu-t, but winch theie t> no ,ui
thontv to pay. The claims now od'rcuily hefoie t hi* office,
and which "theie is no appioptiaiion to pay, amonnt to
$10,508 "JO. 1 have unofficial mtoimiuion that hevetni -mi-
liar flauiH exiM and will be pteM'iited. To enable the
claimant-, io obtain the amount jit-ily due to iheui, I le-
spi'CtiuMv i I'commt'iid ill at application lie made to ibe Com-
mitter oi Way-* and Alean-* to add to the bill the rlann->
ahea-iv pre-ented, with Mich a  ma\ be presented wnliin
the year. Fiom lit teen lo twenty thoii-and dollats will piob-
abiy be enough.
I have the honor to be, Mr, your obedient servant,
tiios. s. ji:sup,
Clumla master General.
Hon. J. n. Fi.oyt), Secret at y oj H'ui.
Mi-. HOUSTON. I modify the amendment so
as to insert the wotds, " payable to the State of
Texas for the benefit of the claimants."
Mr. IIUNTKR 1? not that a private claim ?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir.
Mr. HUNT ICR. I ask the decision of the
Chair, if that is not a private claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT, '['he Chair will sub-
mit the question of order to the Senate. " Is the
amendment in order'"
Mr. HOUSTON. I will modify the amend-
ment, and offer it in this form:
.Ind hr H further aim ted, Thill -S5l,l>0l> be appropriated to
nav fi>. timber n^'i! for the tioojis ot the United States m
cmMim'tim,' toils, and toroitiei pui|inM'<; and to ('liable
Die jv, ,<naiy ot VV.U to pav to tile I'lll'/.ens ot Trw> ('no-
tied t" Ihr winie. on tin' pioduction nl' the propel proaK of
their elann^ to the same.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question, and
the Sonate decided the amendment not to be m or-
der.
Mr. HOUSTON. I thought I was somewhat
interested m matters here; but I do not know that
I am. 1 should like to ask the honorable chair-
man of the Committee nil Finance when my prop-
osition will be ju order, or when anything else
will l e>
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
"Shall the amendments be engrossed, and the
bill be read a third time'"
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed ,
and tuc bill to be read a thud time. It was read
the third time.
Mi. WADE called for the yeas and navs on
the passage of the bill; and tnev wew ordereu.
with the honorable Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Hammond,] taking it for granted that he ;
would vote for the bill; I am against it. Tjie
condition was that, if the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Davis] was here and voted for it, I
could vote; but neither of those Senators being
here, I feel in honor bound to withhold my vote.
This is the first time in my life 1 ever paired off,
and it is the last time I shall ever do so. I desire
it to be distinctly understood that 1 should vote
against the bill if I wer-e at liberty to do so.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 24, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benpumn, Bright, Brod-
ertck, Brown, Chapman, Douglas, Fitch, Green, Gwm,
Houston, Hunter, I ver.-on, Johnson ol Arkansas. Kennedy,
M.illoiy, IVaree, jPolk, lliec, Sebastian, Slulcll, Stuart,and
Yule"—k21.
N \Y^--Messrs. Chandler, Collamer, Doohttle, Foot,
Fo-tei. Ilainliii. Harlan, King, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade,
and VVihon—12.
So the bill was passed.
MA IT. STEAMER BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move now to postpone the !
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
(EX. It. No. 558) making appropriations for the
transportation of the United States mail by ocean
steamers, and otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending 30th of June, 18.39; and we can adjourn
upon it if the Senate choose. I
The motion was agreed to. [
Mr. HUNTER. This is a bill which will oc-
casion some debate; and if the Senate is in good
humor, 1 have a little bill which may as well be
passed to-night. It is an Indian deficiency bill, 1
to supply a deficiency in the Indian appropria-
tions on the Pacific, coast. I think we can prob- ,
ably pass that to-night, if the Senate is so dts- ■
posed. '
Mr. TRUMPULL, I move that the Senate ,
adjourn. 1
j\ division being called for, the ayes were four- '
teen. , !
Mr. TRUMP,ULL. I ask for the, yeas and
nays. I wish to see who wants to stay here after
nine o'clock at night.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
On a division, there were—ayes 14,noes 17.
The VICE PKKS1 DENT. The motion to ad-
journ is not agieed to; but there is not a quorum
voting.
Mr. STUART. I renew the motion to ad-
ijonrti.
j The motion was ag
adjoin tied.
ed to; and the Senate
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. j
Tuesday, June 8, 1858. j
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. j
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. !
NORTHERN SUPERINTENDENCY. |
The SPEAKER hud before the House a eom-
I mumcation from the Secretary of the Interior, ■
submitting estimates of appropriations to enable
the Department to preserve peace in the northern 1
superintendence, &,c.; which was referred to the ;
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to j
be printed. ;
TREATY WITH THE SIOUX INDIANS. j
The SPEAKER also laid before th^ House a
communication from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, submitting' estimates of appropriations to
the Committee of Claims, and the gentleman fiom
Louisiana made a report in favor of giving the
relief to Hardy and Long.
The resolution was adopted.
FEES TO MARSHALS, ETC., IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SCOTT. The gentleman from North Car-
olina [Mr. Craige] proposed, yesterday, to re-
port a biil from the Committee on the Judiciary
: to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed mar-
| shals, district attorneys, clerks of courts, jurors,
! and witnesses in the State of California, and the
i Territories of Oregon and Washington. I ask the
! courtesy of the House to allow mc a moment to
! make a remark in regard to it. On the 10th of
1 January last, I introduced that bill, which was
: referred to the Committee on the Judiciary; but
[ the time of that committee was so much occupied
, in the Watrous investigation that they were un-
I able to report it. In 1853, Congress passed an act
! allowing fees to the district attorneys, marshals,
' jurors, &c., in the State of California, at the rate
,! 'of one hundred per cent, over the fees allowed in
i: the Atlantic States, up to 1855,and fifty percent,
between 1855 and 1857. Now, I have in my pos-
session a letter from the marshal of the district,
in which he tells me that he has lost $1,000 since
ho has been in that position. Pie is only allowed
six cents per mile for traveling. Every one knows
that there are no railroads m California, and that
traveling has to be done with horses. The jurors
are allowed but ftl 50 a day, and five cents per
mile; which is totally inadequate. The bill has
received the unanimous sanction of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and I hope it will be passed.
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina, then, by
unanimous consent, reported ba<Sk, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, House bill (No. 55) to
regulate the fees and costs to be allowed to mar-
shals, district attorneys, clerks of courts, jurors,
and witnesses, iti the State of California and the
Territories of Oregon and Washington, with an
amendment m the nature of a substitute.
The substitute was read, as follows:
That in the State of Cahfot ma, and m the Territories of
Ureyonand YVashin^fon.ofiU'cr^juioi>,and \vitn<,s*.e-«.r-hall
bo allowed hfty per cent, incrcave on the (eei and compen-
sation allowi'd by the act appiovcd February 26, 18.>d. en-
titled " An act to regulate the tee-> and eo-t*- to he allowed
cleti^. mai>hats, and attorney- of the di-tnct and cm-nit
conrN of the United States, and t'oi other puipose? Pto-
inde<h That the forejjomgshall take effect hotn and after the
; 6th of Febiuaiy, when the fecial piovi&ion of &aid
, act tor L'.ihtornia and Oregon expired-
! Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to know whether
' the Government pays the fees ?
i Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. ^ They will
| be paid precisely as they are paid in all other
j cases.
I Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no objection to it
! if it comes under the e;cneiaJ rule.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. The only
difference is as to the amount.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and, beins: en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMPLOYES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, by unanimous
enable the Department to fulfill the stipulations of consent from the Committee of Account*, re-
an agreement made by General Harney with the ported the following resolutions; vvluch weieread,
Sioux, at Fort Pierre, in 185G; which was referred (
i to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or- j
dered to be punted.
j HARDY AND LONG. j
| The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the atten-
! tion of the Mouse to the following order: i
! /?c?o/r-v?. That Mi0 Senate requested to return to the
i Iloiw the hi! i ofthe Senate for the relief of Joseph Ilaidy :
and Alton Lonu. i
; That bill was, by mistake, sent to the Senate ;
: as passed, whereas it never did pass this House. '
1 Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I suppose the 1
: mistake o<,ctured m conseauence of my entering ■
a mouou to reconsider, wall a view to bring the '
considered, and agreed to:
n,efolved, That I he Committee of Accounts be, and they
are heieby, authonzed io audit the accounts, settle with,
and allow reasonable compensation to, all Mich per>on- as
may have been actually employed in the service oi^the
Hou^e of l>eprer.entative-* during the present session ot < 'on-
gre-^, and that all amount? so allowed by said committee
shall'be paid our of any money m the Trear-ury that may
have been appropriated for nu>cellaneous or contingent ex-
pense-* ol the Hous-e of Representatives.
Revoked, That said committee be, and they are heieby,
instructed to repoit the numberof assistant clerks, messen-
ger, oi laborer, required in the office* of theCleik, Door-
keeper, Soiiieant at Aims, and Postmaster ot the Ilou-e of
Representatives, and what lates ot compensation they may
deem Mutable and necessary to be p.ud to Mich c-lerk-. mc -
sensev-, and lahnreis. icvpectiveh: and that said commit-
tee t>e authorised at any time to report by bill or otherwise*
