1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2805
HARRIS AND MORGAN.
Mr. KELLY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to allow me to submit a motion to
discharge the Oominiltee of the Whole House
fiom the further consideration of joint resolution
(H. R. No. 9) authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
eral to revise and adjust the accounts of Harris &
Mm'^an on principles of justice and equity.
The joint resolution was objected to the other
day by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Mor-
ris,] but the case has been explained to him, and
he withdraws his objection. I ask that the res-
olution and report may be read. I am sure there
will be no objection to it.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and directs the Postmaster General to revise and
adjust the fines and deductions imposed upon
Han-is & Morgan, late contractors on route No.
7851, from New Orleans to Indianola, via Gal-
veston, Texas, and to settle the same upon prin-
ciples ofjustice andequity; provided, that the said
fines and deductions shall not be reduced below
the pro rata pay of the contract.
The report was read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the bill.
Mr. KELLY. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
tlie motion, as there is already a motion pending
for that purpose.
CHARNER T. SCAIFE.
Mr. BOYCE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of Senate bill (No. 183) for the re-
lief ofCharnerT. Scaife, administrator of Gilbert
Stalker.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, objected.
IMPROVEMENT OF ST. MARY'S RIVER.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table joint resolution S. No. 31. I wish to say in
regard to it, that two years ago an appropriation
was made for the improvement of the St. Mary's
river. By the making the appropriation the
expendituie was confined to one particular chan-
nel in the-' river. This joint resolution makes no
appropriation, but authorizes the Secretary of
War to expend the money upon another channel,
if, m Ins judgment, it shall be deemed advisable
to do so.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
(S. No. 31) authorizing the Secretin y of War to
expend the appropriation made July 8, l8«>6,upon
such channel of St. Mary 's river as he may select,
was taken from the Speaker's table, ordered to
be read a third time, was read a third time, and
passed. !
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved to reconsider the j
vote by which the joint resolution was passed; ]
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider !
on the table. |
The latter motion was agreed to.
OVERLAND MAILS TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I rise to a question
of privilege. I desire to state to the House that
I have not had the floor once this session. That
my constituents have a right to he heard at least
once m six months—and I have been here longer
than that. If the Chair decides the question of
privilege against me, I shall ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer a resolution to
which there will be no objection, and oil which
there will be no debate.
Mr. MORGAN. Let it be read for informa-
tion
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will say that the
timn allowed to the contractors for carrying the
mads from St. Joseph's, Missouri, to Placerville,
California, is thirty-eight days, when thirty days
is ample time to perform that service, and that
increase of speed is of very great importance to a
lar<re section of the country.
The joint r< solution was then read by its title,
as follows:
Joint resolution in regard to carrying the Uni-
ted States matis from St. Joseph's, Missouri, and
Placerville, California.
The resolution was read in exlenso.
Mr. HOUSTON I object to the resolution.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I desire to say one
word. There are two great mail routes across
the continent to the Pacific ocean, one from Mem-
phis which runs into California, at San Diego in
the southern part of the State, and another fiom
my district, which runs to Sacramento city. Upon
the southern route the time is twentv-fi've days,
but on the middle route, through the South Pass,
the contractors have thirty-eight days. 11 is man-
ifestly unjust to the central portions of the coun-
try that upon one route the mail should be carried
in twenty-five days, when upon the other route
it cannot be earned in less than thirty-eight days.
It is so manifestly unjust that I did not expect
that any gentleman would object to it. The con-
tractors are begging to carry it in twenty-five
days for an increase of pay, such as would be
justified by the service.
Mr. HOUSTON. My objection was made
because i thought this was a matter entirely
within the control of the Department. Congress
does not usually take charge of this subject, but
leaves it to the discretion of the Department.
That is the place for it. If the gentleman desires
a shorter schedule of time and increase of speed,
let him make application to the Postmaster Gen-
eral.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I will not impugn
the motives of the Postmaster General, but i know
there is one pot route—the southern route—on
which the contract time is twenty-five days. The
other starts from my district, and runs through
to the center of population and of business of Cal-
ifornia, and connects directly with the routes to
Oregon and Washington. This resolution is in
accordance with the views of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads of this House; and
1 pcisonally earned a 1 evolution to the Postmaster
General, passed by the committee, but he refused
to increase the speed I move to suspend the
rules, to enable me to introduce the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the motion.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. There is one motion to sus-
pend the rules pending, made by the chairman of
a select committee; but as the Chair does not see
him present, he will entertain the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
thestate of the Union, (Mr. Phelps in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the Senate
amendments to the
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Fifry- fi rs t amen d men t :
Snc JO ho it farther cnacted, That so much of all
act*- and pail1- ot aets a- leqmre or ant hoi iz > The Postmaster
General to publish notu-e ot letting contracts toeau> the
inniH in the i^-jvetive Stat<^, m now-pap-M^ published m
the fity of Wa^hnurion, in the Di.stnet ot Columbia, be,
and the same is h<'ieby, lepealed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The act of \Py2o
authorizes the Postmaster General to advertise
mail lettnigs in one paper at the seat of the Fed-
eral Government. The act of 1845 so modifies
that act as to allow the publication m three news-
papers at the seat of the Federal Government—
m two of the papers having the largest circula-
tion, and in one to be selected by the Postmaster
General or Executive. The Senate amendment is
to strike out all three. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrence in the Senate
amendment with the following amendment:
That it -.hall hp the duty of the Postmaster General to
{rive public notice in one newspaper pubhr-hed at the <eat
of Government ot the United State*, for at lea-t twelve
wo<jk-! before entering into any contmet for cuimnu the
inaih; that such eontiact is intended to !h* nude, and the
{[.iv on winch it h- to be eonciudcd, iie-seiibing tbe places
ttom. and to w Inch such m.u! to br conv< \ ed. the tune
at which it is to bt-  made up, and the d iy and iioin at which
it h to be delivered : Pwridcd, That the charge for sueh
publication shall not be higher than -sticii a.-aie paid by in-
dividual-* i'oi advertising m said paper.
i\ry information is, that the Postmaster General
publishes a pamphlet annually on the subject of
mail lettmgs. That is issued but once, and is lia-
ble to be lost or mislaid. It would seem to be a
matter of great convenience to the Department
and to members to have the mail letting pub-
lished in one newspaper for twelve consecutive ,
weeks. The question is between the recommend-
ation of the Committee of Ways and Means to
have them published in one paper, Mid the amend-
ment of the Senate not to have them published in
any.
Mr. HOWARD. I prefer that the amendment
of the Senate should stand as it is. It seems to
be conceded on all hands that the advertising of
these proposals m the Washington papers is ut-
terly useless, for the Department issues pamphlets
on which bids are made. The majority of the
Committee of Ways and Means, however, pro-
pose to continue these publications in one paper.
Now, I think myself that that is altogether worse
than nothing. If the whole are useless, the whole
ought to be stricken out. To publish them in one
paper is simply to bring them before one class of
bidders to the exclusion of others. This will be
not only useless, but unjust. Therefore, I hope
that the recommendation of the Committee of
Ways and Means will not prevail, but that the
committee will concur in the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it is wrong
to have those advertisements published m three
papers here, but I do think that it is right that
wc should have them published in one paper.
These advertisements are published in the local
papers throughout the district and State" where
the lettings are to be made; and the Department
sends correct copies from here to these local pa-
pers. These cop es are the more correct where
you have tln-m printed, than if manuscript copies
had to be made.
Mr. HOWARD. That is accomplished by
pamphlets.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am not aware
that the pamphlets are punted for that purpose.
1 believe they are printed and sent principally to
the postmasters and contractors. But these others
are sent out to the different papers.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Tennessee, I will make
a remark in this connection. During the exam-
ination of the select committee on printing, wc
had occasion to look into thus very subject,and we
learned from the Post Office Department, that al-
though the advertisements were published by the
papers, their most reliable information was dis-
seminated through their special publications in
the shape of pamphlets. They are sent to the
postmasters and contractors in the section where
the contracts are to be made. That, together with
the local publications, furnishes all the informa-
tion. Everybody who wants these pamphlets,
gets them.
Mr. COLFAX. If it be in order I move the
following amendment:
Piondcd, That laid adveitu-ement shall bo published m
the weekly edition of thp newspaper published in Wash-
ington city, winch has the largest number of weekly sub-
scribers.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order now.
The question being on the amendment reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means to the
Senate amendment,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Waldron
and John Cociir we, were appointed.
The committer divided-,and the tellers reported
—ayes 67, noes 80.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was then agreed
to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally; and a mes-
sage was received from the Senate by Mr. Dick-
ins, their Secretary, informing die House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a bill of
this House (No. 2.57) to increase the pension of
Henry E. Read, a citizen of Kentucky, and for
other purposes.
That the Senate had also passed a bill of the
House (£\To. 199) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1859,
with sundiy amendments, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, returning, in pursuance of the request of
the House, the lull of the Senate (No. 398) for
the relief of Joseph Hardy and Alton Long.
Also, that the Senate request the return of the
bill of the llouse (No. 2G7) for the relief of Tim-
othy O'Keettee, for the purpose of correcting an
error,
