1782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
the appropriations already made, in another di-
rection.
Mr. BIGLER. I understand that. It proposes
to give the Secretary discretion as to changing the
use of the money.
Mr. CHANDLER. The engineer has discov-
ered a cheaper, and, as he thinks, a better line for
the channel, and he merely desires to leave it in
the hands of the Secretary of War, at his discre-
tion, upon the evidence submitted by the corps
of engineers, to change the line.
Mr. POLK. I should like to know from the
Senator from Michigan if any of the money re-
ferred to in this resolution has been expended.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir, a few thousand
dollars, but a very small portion of the appropri-
ation. ѥ**
Mr. POLK. How much?
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot name the precise
sum; but a small portion of the amount has been
expended on another channel. Last fall a new
channel was discovered, the adoption of which,
it is thought, will save some seventy or eighty
thousand dollars. I have the report of the engi-
neer in my hand which may be read.
Mr. POLK. I should like to hear it readl
Mr. BIGGS. I suggest to the Senator from
Michigan, that in any point of view in which tins
matter ought to be presented to us it seems to me
it ought to go to a committee. I move to refer it
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; letitgo to that
committee.
It was so referred.
RELATIONS WITII PARAGUAY.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate to take up the
resolution of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions in relation to our difficulties with Para-
guay.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion, in order to allow me to call up
ft bill to which I am sure there will be no objec-
tion.
Mr. MASON. I am worry that I cannot oblige
the Senator, but I cannot withdraw the motion,
if this resolution is to be parsed at all, it is neces-
sary to bo passed at once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 think it can hardly pass
without debate.
Mr. MASON. Then the sooner we take it up,
the more its consideration will be advanced.
The motion of Mr. Mason was agreed to; and
the Senate, as m Committee of the Whole, hj-
sumed the consideration of the joint lesolution
(S. No. 28) for the adjustment of difficulties with
the Republic of Paraguay, the ponding question
being, on the motion of Mr. Collamer, to strike
out the wouU, "and use such force."
Mr. MALLORY. Thu President of the United
States, sir, in submitting to the consideration of
Congress the relations of this country with foreign
nations, ims summed up those having reference to
Paiaguay in two short paragraphs; and the Com-
mtttee on Foieign Relations, m response to so
much of his message as relates to that subject,
have reported this joint resolution. In opposing
the form of this resolution, 1 wish to say that I
have the same object to attain as that winch the
Committee on Foreign Relations aim at, namely,
not only the atonement for some wrongs which
we have suffered at the hands of Paraguay, but
the negotiation of a treaty of commerce with them,
m order that we may avail ourselves of the opening
commerce of Paraguay, which is now pretty much
engrossed by England, France, and Brazil; but
the torn of the resolution, in my judgment, will
defeat the object we have in view. This debate
\\ ill reach Pmaguay, and the cars of General Lo-
pez and his special council, just as rapidly as if
he had an agent life re to report to them.
The history of this transaction briefly is this:
v,-e negotiated a treaty with Paraguay, or General
Lopez and his council of State, in 1853, on the
4th of Murch;and on the 12th of March thattieaty
was ratified. By the terms of the treaty fifteen
months were allowed for the exchange of ratifica-
tions. General Lopez could not conceive, when
the voyage from Paraguay to the United States
was but three month?, why fifteen months would
not be a poiiod amply sufficient for the exchange
of ratifications. The tioaty came on and was
leturnod to ijsm nineteen months rfterwards, the
ken-itc having made tlnrfy-throe amendments to
the treaty, and extended the ratification to twenty-
four months, if my recollection serves me. The
treaty therefore was returned to him with these
amendments, and with this particular amendment
in relation to the time of ratification extended.
General Lopez would probably, as Chief of Para-
guay, have accepted the treaty, but in the mean
time difficulties had occurred. Foreigners had
been invited to settle in Paraguay, to develop its
resources, and among others who went there were
a few merchants from Rhode Island, called the
Rhode Island Navigation Company. A few Amer-
icans were settled there. Difficulties grew up par-
ticularly between them and the Government, and
as General Lopez contends they were totally in
the wrong. He contends to this day that to ena-
ble them to leave the country, he advanced from
the public chest $10,000, and that that company
is indebted to him for that much money. When
they sought to leave the country, General Lopez
demanded, before he would grant them passports,
that their debts should be paid. But the United
States steamer Water Witch being; there, Captain
Page, its commander, offered those men facilities
for leaving the country. A hostile feeling grew up
immediately towards Captain Page on the part of
General Lopez.
Here i may say that General Lopez is one of
the leading men m South America. 1 piesume
that no man who knows his career will hesitate
to say that he is the leading spirit of the whole of
South America. He is a man of much political
sagacity, and of a great deal of learning. He was
educated in a Jesuit college, lie is a man who
is endeavoring, under its peculiar form of govern-
ment, to develop the resources of Paraguay as
rapidly as possible. He felt, of course, no cordial
feeling towards the commander of the United
States vessel there. When we sent the treaty out
to have it ratified, it was sent by this very Cap-
tain Page, towards whom these feelings wre en-
tertained by the Government of Paraguay, lie
sent a note to the President of Paraguay that he
had the treaty, and was ready to exchange the
ratifications. The President returned that treaty,
through his Seeu-tary, with a hi ief and pithy note,
refusing to loceive it, as Captain Pago had not ac-
companied )t with a translation m the Spanish
language, but had sent it in English.
This, I concede, was a mere pretext, nothing
more; but I apprehend if we had sent an indiffer-
ent.party, any other than Captain Page, toward
whom these feelings were entei tamed, but who
had yet done nothing more than his duty, that the
treaty would have been accepted and ratified not-
withstanding the extension of the period for rat-
ification, and notwithstanding the amendments
made to it; for the amendments aie, in most re-
spects, merely formal,changing the verbiage. In
August, 1854, the difficulty with Hopkins com-
menced. In October following, Captain Page re-
ceived this treaty, while these angry feelings were
still in existence. That treaty remained m the
box in which it was placed, in the office of our
Minister at Buenos Ayres, for two yeats subse-
i quent to the negotiation of the treaty. We then
| sent a wpecial messenger there, Colonel Fitzpat-
riclc, whose correspondence is before us, to ex-
change ratifications. Tins special messenger
landed at Buenos Ayres, and went immediately
to Assumption, where our Minister resident to
the Argentine Confederation had never been be-
fore, the Congress of the Argentine Confederation
being at Parana. Ourspecud messenger went to
Assumption, lie was received with all kindness
by General Lopez. He was not authorized to
enter into any negotiations with reference to the
previous attack upon the Water Witch, or with
reference to the expulsion, from the country, of
this commercial agency, of whom Mr. Hopkins,
our former consul, was the agent; buthe was sent
theie, and Ins mission was confined sokly to the
! latification of this treaty. General Lopez asked
; him at once if lie eame there to negotiate a treaty,
: because, if he did, he was anxious to do s >; he
i was anxious to be on good terms with the United
\ States, and desired to cultivate friendly relations,
1 and to negotiate a commeicial tre.ity w.th them,
i Finding, however, that Colonel Fitzpatrick was
I not authorized to prepare a tieaty, he requested
Colonel Fitzpatrick to make these feelings known;
' and his son, who was commander-in-chief of the
I whole forces of the Republic of Paraguay, told
i our agent, very frankly, that there was u very
general regret m relation to the firing into the
Water Witch; and that, had he been present at
Assumption at the time, this act would never have
occurred, and that the moment a treaty was ne-
gotiated, a pioper atonement would be made.
Now, sir, thus stand our relations toward Par-
aguay. The President tells us we have suffered
wrong, and that this company have been expelled,
and lost a good deal of money. There are two
sides to that question. They undoubtedly com-
mitted an outrage in firing into the Water Witch,
which must be atoned for; but it is the first tune
in the history of the country, that I know of, al-
though the Committee on Foreign Relations say
that m reporting this resolution they have simply
followed well-known precedents that negotiations
with an independent nation commenced by an offer
of force. General Lopez has never refused to
make atonementfbr these outrages. He has never
j refused to negotiate a treaty; and whenever he has
| spoken on the subject, he has avowed his readi-
I ness to do so. But this very treaty would have
I expired by limitation in a few years. He pre-
ferred to negotiate a new one, covering al! open
transactions between the two countries. He did
.not wish to negotiate a treaty, and leave out two
reclamations-*one for the outrage on the Water
Witch, and the other m reference to this commer-
cial company, unprovided for.
Now,sir, I object to the use of the word " force"
in this resolution, because it has a tendency to de-
feat directly the object we have m view. We have
never yet called upon the Government of Para-
guay to make atonement or negotiate a treaty;
and, in using this language towards her, we must
reflect how far we have gone towards other na-
tions. Why did not the Committee on Foreign
Relations, when our vessels were fired into by
Spanish men-of-war, when the Spanish frigate
Ferolana fired into one of our mail steamships,
recommend that we should open negotiations with
.Spam on a similar basis? Why did not the Pres-
ident then takethis ground, not only in repaid to
t hat, but a thousand other outrages that Spam has
perpetrated towards us by the use of force?
I should vote to-morrow, I am free to say, to
place the whole Army and Navy of the United
States at the hands of the President of the United
States to correct these wrongs, for I can see a thou-
sand committed by Spam against this Govern-
ment for which there has been no redress. Every
tune 1 hear the name of Crittenden, I feel induced
to a vote of that kind. But this is an isolated case.
Paraguay is a small nation, some eighteen hun-
dred miles up the La Plata river, and that is one
reason, taken in connection with our great desire
to open amicable relations with her, why we
should not make her an exception to the general
rule we have pursued towaids other countries.
J would trust the President of the United States
with this resolution. My opposition aiises, not
from any doubt that he would use this force when
it was uncalled for, though [ have no entire con-
fidence in the infallibility of man. I would tmat
the President of the United States as soon as I
would any man on earth; but 1 fear the (fleet this
resolution itself may have on the Government of
Paraguay, when we send a commissioner there
to demand a redress of these wrongs, and send
him with a force to enforce his demands, when as
yet we do not know what the defense of Paraguay
is upon this subject.
I do not wish to detain the Senate. I hare
stated the prominent objections I have; and I will
only say in addition, that the agent we sent to
Paraguay, and the only one we have sent there
since this treaty was negotiated, has returned io
us, reporting the commerce of Paiaguay as ex-
ceedingly important to this country; xoporting the
spirit of General Lopez as exceedingly favorable
to this country, and reporting his confident belli f
that if we take only these ordinary steps towards
Paraguay that we have towards other nations,
and propose to make a treaty of commerce, we
shall undoubtedly succeed. This idea is con-
firmed 
Mr. MASON. WilltheSenatorbcgood enough
to state who has made such reports, and from
whom these reports come ?
Mr. MALLORY. I said distinctly it was from
the only agent we have sent to Paraguay. I did
not use the word u report" in its formal parlia-
mentary sense here, as a written report. I say
he has told me so repeatedly and repeatedly. He
