1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2807
Mr. COBB demanded tellers.
Tellers ordered.
Mi LETCHER. If the Chair will indulge
mo, lei mi' state the question ill another way.
Ti osc in favor of establishing the hue of 1838 will
vote " *y,%i cviui those in favor of the hne of 1857
wi'l voi - 14 no."
The CHAIRMAN. The only question is on
coii'Mii rmo; in the amendment of the Senate.
Messrs. Curtis and £vi:lscy were appointed
tellers.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—Myes two, not s not counted.
S > tin-; amendment of the Senate was not con-
curred in.
Fifty-third amendment:
Hcc. 14. And be it farther cnacied. That all the ruling
and binding lor the several F.xe( utive Depaitmentcshail be
cx"euted bypiaetical and competent bookbinder, to be
appointed by the bead ot the Depaitment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This amendment
proposes to take the binding and ruling out of the
charge arid custody of the heads of the Depart-
ments, or to limit them in directing who shall do
the work. That is ail I know about it. It pro-
poses to change tiie law in respect to the binding
and ruling of public documents. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
renee.
Mr. JNICHOLS. I hope the amendment of the
Senate will be concurred in. The only objection
I have to it is, that tt does notgo far enough,and
limit it to those who have actually been engaged
in the business for some time. It is well known
that for some time past the habit has grown up
here of giving the ruling and binding to persons
who nr«j notactually engaged in the trade. 1 know
of one instance during tin* laet Congivss where a
very laige contract had been let. which was sub-
lot to two or three other persons. It was let to
persons who w^re not engaged in the business;
tins amendment is designed to remedy that sys-
tem, and is right itself. It ought to go fuwher;
but there are bills pending before the House which
are intended to cairy the principle further, and I
hope the amendment will be concurred in.
Mr TAYLOR, ofNew Yoi k. imovetoamend
the amendment by striking out the word " bind-
ing." I desire to say that [entirely concur in the
remarks of my colleague on the select committee
on printing. Tins question was examined by the
select committee, and we ascertained that the
work could be done, as proposed by the amend-
ment «>f the Senate, for at least forty or fifty per
cent, less than u is now done. The correspond-
ence winch we had with the CoestSurvey Office—
which is to be found upon page 4 of the teport
of the committee—shows that ihe woik could be
done for about fifty per cent. less. I will state that
this pUn has already been adopted in the Tiear-
ury Department. They now employ a binder at
eighteen dollars o week", and a boy, os assistant,
at fifteen dollars a week, to do the binding of the
Treasury Department; and experience has shown
tiiat they can do it iortrom forty to fifty per cent
less, and can do it much better than they could
have it done under the old system. It appenis,
from the letter of Hon. Jacob Thompson, which
will be found on pages 4 and 5 of the report of the
com mil tee, that it can be done for much less; and
not only that, but that it can be done much better.
Under the amendment of the Senate you can have
the work done for the lowest possible price. If
the old system is to be continued for the purpose
of feeding hungry politicians and speculators about
Washington, then let us vote down the amend-
ment. The amendment of the Senate is one step
m the right direction, and 1 hope it will be con-
curred in. I now withdraw my amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Fifty-fourth amendment:
Slc. i.'i And be it further enact fi, That the President
of The United States c:in>e the -inn of $o,(W0 to be ad-
vanced to CUHt Mill-, in addition to the muu already ad-
vanced. out of the .SoD.O(K) appropnuted by the act of Jan-
uary 2."). to erect,,it the capital of the nation, an eques-
tit.m s-tatue of Washington, on the personal application and
reciptof the >aui Mills: Provided, That the said Ms!!*
furni-h the Secretary of the Interior with secuutv for the
completion of the statue as the vSecietary may require.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. By an act passed
in 1933, $50,00!) was appropriated to Clark Mills
to make an equestrian statue of General Wash-
ington, Twenty-five thousand dollars were ad-
| vanced to him, and the remaining $25,000 was to
| be paid upon the completion of the work. It so
happened that, after the payment of $25,000, he
, lost his models by fire, and he makes application
, to Congress to allow him §6,000 more out of the
remaining $25,000. The Senate have put it in,
and the Committee of Ways and Means recom-
' mend a concurrence.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I am opposed to
this amendment upon principle. In it we have
' another instance of the habit of the Senate of load-
ing down uppiopriatton bills with pnvate claims
winch cannot bo introduced into such bills m the
: House. The House has cut itself off by a rule
: from putting upon appropriation bills private
claims, however meritorious and just they may
be. These bills go to the Senate, and the Senate,
having less constitutional power over appropna-
| tion bills than we have, load them down with
j amendments for purposes which we, by ourrules,
, have precluded ourselves from offering in the
I 1 [ou^e.
This bill is a striking instance of the custom I
have referred to. As reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means, it appropriated $3,819,000.
The bill, as u. went from the House, appropriated
1 only #2,849,000. The House cut down the report
: of their committee §1,000,000, and,m my judg-
I ment, they ought to have been cut down more
1 than that. Two millions are sufficient to pay all
1 the civil expenses embraced in this bill. We sent
' it in that way to the Senate, and it comes back
t loaded down with specific amendments to the
! amount of §2,990,000, and in addition to that they
! hd^c put upon it additional indefinite appropria-
, finis amounting to about three millions nioie; so
■ that the bill which we have sent to them, appro-
■ priatmg £2,849*000, is s<-nt back to us appropri-
' at me *5 ,HU,UUU specifically, and in indefinite sums
§3,000,000 more.
I We ought not to tolerate this thing. We ought
1 not to allow the Senate to put upon tiie bill pn-
: vate claims, and com pi I u& to vote upon such
: claims without examination, and upon the pen-
- alty of defeat tng the entire bill. We cannot even
, read them. They are not printed, nor laid before
the House. The only information we have of
1 th<m,is what we gather fiom their hurrh'd lead-
ing at the Clerk's desk,m the hubbub winch ex-
ists here at this stage of the session. I am opposed
to this coutse of proceeding, as we know nothing
about these amend men's, and have no opportunity
1 to investigate them. The only safe way is to vote
against them, and confine the appropriation bilis
1 sit ictly to the legitimate, current expenses of the
[ Government. In this way only we can correct
the reckless course of the Senate
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment, and it was not concurred m.
Fifty-fifth amendment:
'Pkc. 1(5. And be it further enacted. That the- Serretarv of
Stale he, and he i- heieby. authoiized to adpi-t, upon ptm-
cipleiNOt equity and justice, ifie account-' ot / D Andieu^,
late agent of the United States in connection with the rr>
eipiofMt} treaty, and that the same be paid according to said
adju  nnent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Tiie amendment was non-concurred in.
Fifty-sixth amendment:
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That when, in the ab-
sence of a secretary of legation at Con-tantmopl«\ who dis-
charges tiie duty of dragoman, or in like manner when tbeio
! i- ne diagoman at that mission, the con-ill, or consul gen-
i eral, of the United States shall act a* dragoman, he shall
icceive the compensation now provided by law lor a diug-
j onian, and foi ^uch time as he shall act as, -uen.
I Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This amendment
' of the Senate belongs to that class of cases which
provide for the pavm^nt of subordinate officers
' when they fill the place of their chief. We have
had this case under consideration for a number
of yeais. The effect of it is to increase, to some
; extent, the compensation, and the Committee of
■ Ways and Means recomrnendanon-concurrence.
i The amendment was non-concurred in.
i Fifty-seventh amendment:
j Sec 18. And he u further enacted. That the collector*
1 of custom-* in the several collection di-ti ho, and they
1 are hereby, and hereafter, required to ad as disbursing
, agents tor the pay mewi of all moneys that are, or may here-
aftei be. aopropuated lor the con-ti uetion of cu-tom-house?,
couit hoiw-, po->t offices and manne hospitals, at such
compensation, not e.\t ending one fouith ot one per cent ,
a* the Secretary ot the Treasury may deem equitaoie and
i just: And provided further, Tftat where there is no collect-
or at the place of location of any public work herein speci-
fied, the superintendent of such public work shall act as dis-
bursing agent without any additional compensation therefor;
and all laws and parts of laws inconsistent with this section
be. and the bame are hereby, repealed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This amendment
is one of the incidents which have grown out of
the system of internal improvements of this Gov-
ernment in the building of custom-houses, the
extension of the Capitol, and other public build-
ings, &c. This has created a class of officers
called disbursing officers. They do not exist by
statute law, but arc incident to the policy of the
Government. A great many of them have been
suspended. Among the many objectionable
things which the Senate have done, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means think this is a very good
provision. It imposes upon the collectors of cus-
toms the duty of disbursing the funds necessary
for the erection of the several classes of buddings
specified m the amendment, allowing themacom-
nussion not to exceed one fourth of one percent.;
and, in cases where there are no collectors, it de-
1 volves the duty upon the superintendent of the
buildings. The committee recommend a concur-
rence.
Mr HUGHES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the proviso. My reason for
submitting the amendment is, that the superin-
tendents of the public works of the description
specified in the amendment ought not to be dis-
bursing officers, for reasons set forth by the chief
of the bureau of construction, Major Bowman,
which I desire to have read; and in which, I feel
authorized to say, the Secretary of the Treasury
fully concurs.
The letter was read, as follows:
Office ok Construction,
Treasury Dr.r uitment, June 8, 1858.
Sir : In reply to your inquuy ot tin- date, I have to say
that the fir-t portion of the pioviso relative to disbursing
agents to winch you allude, pioviuing that at pons where
collectors or surveyors aic commissioned, there shall be no
septate disbursing agent employed, but the collector be,
ex officio, disbursing agent, meets the full concuuence of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and is a desirable and proper
change of the ext-tirig piacnce, and wnl conduce to the
mote economical disbursement- upon public wmkv.
Tiie icniamder of the proviso duecttng that, at places
wheie there are no collectoiH the supei uitendents shall be
, disbuj sing agents, is deemed objectionable. To have the
1 supnimreudcni who h. moie or le^s, occupied in directing
, and uia'ung puichafes tor the woik, made ateo the payer
, of hill-, I*e eieate^, would open a door fot eollu-ion, upon
i which then- could be but little check, make greater habd-
j ity for enoi-, and destroy all the saleguatds which a sep-
• aianon of thc<e oftices has hitherto established. The su-
peiinteiKieni often p. practical mechanic only, whose
' ioi-viecsarespctir, d because he is &o, and because his duties
; require such but who i* inexperienced m accounts,
ami the method of keeping them ; and additional help would
! be neccf.sary to enable him to keep his accounts in proper
shape to be adjusted by the accounting officers. Fot these
ami many other reason*, I deem such a change, as ihe Ia«t
clau-e ol the pun im  directs, to be inexpedient, and hkoly
to piovp of bad economy m working. In my judgment, it
would be hir better to leave the appointment of disbursing
agents, where tiieie arc no collectors, discienonaiy with
the f?ec retarv, who then would be governed in eacli case by
the circumstances winch attended it.
Veiy icspectfuilv, >our ooedient servant.
A. 11. BOWMAN,
Engineer in charge Treasury Depai tmenf.
Hon. J. D. Rtttoirr, Senate Chamber.
Mr. MAR.SE1ALL, of Kentucky. I do not
perceive any justice at all in the provision made
by this section. Why you should give one fourth
of one per cent, to the collector for doing this duty,
and should refuse to g:ive it to tiie disbursing agent
where there is no collector, passes my compre-
hension. I do not understand it. I see no rea-
pAn why any such thinjr should be done; and I
thmk the whole of it should be struck out.
The question was taken on Mr Hughes's
amendment to the amendment, and it was not
uirieed to.
[The committee here informally rose, and a mes-
sage was received from the Senate, by Mr. Di^k-
ins, its Secretary, informing the House that the
Senate had passed a resolution changing the time
for the adjournment of Congress.
The committee again resumed its session.]
Mr. HUGHES. I move to strike out the whole
amendment. I merely wish to call the attention
of the House to this proviso, which I particularly
desire to have stricken out. The amendment pro-
vides that, where there are collectors, Government
officers, already appointed, there shall be no dis-
bursing agent. To that I make no objection. But
the amendment further goes on and states in this
nroviso, that where there are no collectors of cus-
toms, then the superintendent who is appointed
