1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
mr
tition of Henry G. Carson, administrator of Cur-
tis Grubb.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 99) upon the pe-
ition of Philip Lamoy and others.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 105) upon the
petition of Ezra T. Marnay, administrator of
jLouis Marnay.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 10G) upon the
petition of'Henry Miller.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 107) upon the
petition of Stephen C. Hayden.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 108) upon the
petition of David Noble.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 112) upon the
petition of E. 13. Chamberlain and others, heirs of
Captain Joshua Chamberlain.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 114) upon the
petition of Eliza Shafer, widow of Jonathan Sha-
fer. -
An adverse report (C. C. No. 122) upon the
petition of Alexander H. Cook.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 124) upon the
petition of James M. Thome.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 125) upon the
petition of J. C. Buckles.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 128) upon the
petition of J. H. King and others, heirs of James
Green.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 129) upon the
petition of T. S. J. Johnson.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 131) upon the
petition of Llewellyn Jones.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 132) upon the
petition of Robert S. Garnett.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 13G) upon the
petition of Ann W. Butler, administratrix of Gen-
eral Richard Buller.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 137) upon the
petition of Christiana Doner, widow of George
Frederick Doner.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 138) upon the
petition of Stephen C. Phillips, administrator of
Jonathan Porter Pelt.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 142) upon the
petition of Ralf Richardson, executor of Mar-
garet B. Cameron, daughter of James Bell.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 145) upon the
petition of Nathaniel Williams.
An adveise report (C. C. No. 146) upon the
petition of the heirs of Hugh Hughes.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 148) upon the
petition of Richard L. Page, administrator of
William B. Page.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 4) upon the pe-
tition of Robert Robet ts.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 5) upon the pe-
tition of Samuel 1U. Puckett.
An adverse report (C C. No. 6) upon the pe-
tition of John P. McElderry.
An adverse report (C. C No. 7) upon the pe-
tition of Louis G. Thomas and others.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 8) upon the pe-
tition of Shepherd Knapp.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 12) upon the pe-
tition of William W. Cox.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 18) upon the pe-
tition of J. D. Holmaiij executorof Jesse B. Hol-
man.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 19) upon the pe-
tition of John C. Hale.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 22) upon the pe-
tition of Susan Decatur.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 32) upon the pe-
tition of H. L. Thistle.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 33) upon the pe-
tition of Abel Gay.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 43) upon the pe-
tition of J. Boyd.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 46) upon the pe-
tition of J. K. Rogers.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 07) upon the pe-
tition of Cortland Palmer.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 150) upon the pe-
tition of Rebecca Heald, widow of Major Nathan
Heald.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 151) upon the pe-
tition of Benjamin H. Springer.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 152) upon the pe-
tition of John Ethendge.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 153) upon the
petition of the Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, by which the recommendation of the
Court of Claims was concurred in; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was concurred in.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I move to refer the report
(No. 11) of the Court of Claims, on the case of
Cyrus H. McCormick, to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to inquire
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether this
is one of the cases reported from the Committee
of the Whole House?
Mr. PURVIANCE. It is not.
The SPEAKER. The proposition, then, can
only be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. PURVIANCE. X move, then, to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole House from
the further consideration of the bill, and that it be
referred to the Committee"on Patents.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House (at
a quarter to four o'clock) adjourned until Monday
next.   . 
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 15, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. W. D. Haley.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the me-
morial ofM. Chambers, of New Jersey, submit-
ting a plan for the construction of a railroad from
the"Missouri river to the Pacific ocean; which was
referied to the select committee on the Pacific
railroad.
He also presented a communication from F.
S. Seybold, proposing to transfer to the United
States, for the use of the two Houses of Congress,
his invention for taking the yeas and nays, divis-
ions, and other votes of legislative bodies, in an
instant of time; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
surviving children of Jerathmiel Doty, deceased,
praying to be allowed arrears of pension due him
as an invalid pensioner; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD. Some ten years ago, Mr. Pres-
ident, the State of New York appointed a board
of commissioners whose duty it was to receive,
protect, and assist emigrants from Europe arriv-
ing at the port of New York, which, it is well
known, is the gate through which the emigration
from Europe flows into this country. At tiic head
of that board is Mr.Vcrplanck,onoe distinguished
in the halls of Congress, and m evefy way a man
of eminent rneut. The board enjoys the confi-
dence of the people of that State, and has done a
vast deal of good. They have sent me a petition
in which they represent that, since the multipli-
cation of steam vessels, and the withdrawing of
sail vessels from employment in the bringing of
emigrants into this country, there has grown up
a practice on the part of the officers of abusing the
female passengers, which has become not merely
a matter of scandal, but of reproach and dishonor,
both in this country and in Europe. The repre-
sentations which they make can be sustained by
evidence; and inasmuch as this oiTense is com-
mitted on the high seas, where the State of Now
York has no jurisdiction, but the United States
has, they pray that Congress will pass a law for
collecting that great abuse. I move that the pe-
tition be leforrcd to the Committee on Commerce.
There are laws-for the regulation of passenger
vessels, and perhaps tins would come within the
province of that committee. At an early day, I
shall submit the evidence in support of this peti-
tion, and also ask leave of the Senate to introduce
a bill.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Com merce.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, m favor of the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Dunlieth, Illinois,
to Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of
George M. Weston, commissioner of the State
of Maine, praying for the reimbursement to that
State of the expenses incurred in organizing a
regiment for the war with Mexico; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
He also presented additional papers in relation
to the claim of Benjamin Ward; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorial of Am-
brose Whitlock, praying for additional compen-
sation for services as receiver of public moneys
at Terre Haute and Crawfordsville, Indiana;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FOSTER presented the memorial of Na-
thaniel Hay ward, praying for an extension of his
patent for an improvement in the manufacture of
India-rubber goods; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
He also presented a communication from C. J.
Fox, United States consul at Aspinwall, asking
for an increase of his salary; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STUART presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Michigan, in favor of a grant of
land for the endowment of the Michigan Agricul-
tural College; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Michigan, in relation to a northern Pacific
railroad; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. IVERSON presented the memorial of
Thomas Ramey, praying that the Postmaster
General may be authorized to contract with him
for the transportation of the mails between Phil-
adelphia and Savannah, and Para or Maraham,
m Brazil, touching at St. Thomas, Barbadoes,
and Demarara; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES presented the petition of James
W. Rca, administrator of James H. Mattocks,
deceased, pTaying for compensation for property
destroyed by the Indians; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TOOMBS presented a memorial of citizens
of Georgia, praying that they may be secured in
the quiet enjoyment of lands in their possession,
which were claimed by certain Cherokee Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. DURKEE presented the petition of Daniel
Whitney,praying for the confirmation of his claim
to a certain tract of land at Green Bay, Wiscon-
sin; which was referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented the
memorial of Walter James, praying for compen-
sation for a horse lost while employed in trans-
porting baggage and munitions of war, m the last
wai with Gieat Britain; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
lie also presented three petitions of citizens of
Lee county,Iowa, and two petitions of citizens of
Wisconsin, praying that the public lands may
cease to be considered a source of revenue, ana
that all entries of them may be confined to actual
settlers; which were ordered to lie on the table.
IMPEACHMENT OP JUDGE WATROUS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I present the resolutions of
the State of Texas, requesting their Representa-
tives to take such steps as may be necessary to
cause a full investigation to be made during the
present session, of charges that have been made
against Judge Watrous. I ask that the resolu-
tions may be read.
The Clerk read them, as follows:
rpc tion 1 Be it resolved by the Legislature of the State
of Texas, That wheicas, diver* charges bave been made
asaiu^t John C. VTatrons, district judee of life t'nned
States for the eastern district of Texas, before the House
of Representatives of the United States, with a view to Ins
impeachment, and a committee of said House have reported
the following ie&olution : u llesoh ed, Tliat John C Wat-
rous United"States district judge for the district of Texas,
be impeached of high crimes and misdemeanorsand it
is required for the honor of the Slate of Texas, and due to
the accused, that all of said charges be promptly and fully
investigated and finally acted upon : that withoutmtending
to expre.^ anvopmion as to the guiltoi innocence ot Judge
John C. Watrous, the Representatives m Congress iiom this
State are heiehy reque-ted to take Mich steps iu may be
noeebsaiv to cause a lull investigation to be mad^ by the
House of Representatives of the United States, duunsj the
present session, of all the cbaige* that have be on made
agaur?t said John U. Watrous, and to u-e their exei-
tion-i to cau*e definite action to be taken theieon.
Or:c. 2. Be it farther tesolved, That the Governor here-
by requested to forwaid to cach of the Senators and Re pre-
