1784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Mr. .SIMMONS. I see that, in this corre-
spondence, he dismissed our Minister—I do not
know but that it may be very friendly, though I
do not think so—because he does not make repa-
ration for their firing. I consider that is about the
whole matter, so far as the facts are laid out there.
The vessel left one channel and went into the main
channel; which, I say, according to law, is open
to any vessel. They fired into her. Idonothear
the facts disputed. I do not doubt the vessel took
the men away. 1 suppose the Government there
wanted to get something out of them besides their
property, before they would let them run.
Mr. PITGH. I hope the yeas and nays will be
taken on the amendment; because I think, if these
words are strickert out, the resolution had better
lie on the table, for there is nothing in it but that.
Nobody doubts that the President has power to
send an agent to ask reclamation. I consider this
clause the pith of the whole resolution. I do not
wish to prolong negotiations with these people.
I do not know the people of Paraguay; but I know
something about the Spanish American race, and
they will talk until the afternoon of the day of
judgment with you, and you will never have a
settlement until you use force, or threaten it. I
ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment, for
I think it is a defeat of the resolution.
Mr. MASON. The difference between the Sen-
ator from Florida, in the view he takes of this
resolution, and that of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, I think results from this: the honor-
able Senator from Florida bases his recommend-
ation to the Senate of the course which the Pres-
ident shall be advised to pursue,upon information
that the honorable Senator says he has received
in conversation with some person or persons who
has or have been in that part of South America,
and from whom he derives, the representations
upon which he proposes to act. He has so de-
clared in debate, that he has held conversation
■with some person or persons who has or have
been in that quarter of South America, and he has
been informed by them of the kind and concilia-
tory disposition which exists on the part of Pres-
ident Lopez.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) The Chair is under the necessity of
reminding the Senator that the hour of one o'clock
has arrived.
Mr. MASON. I shall not speak more than a
few minutes, and then 1 hope we may have a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, if there be no
objection the Senator will proceed. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. MASON. The report of the Committee
on Foreign Relations shows that what it recom-
mends to the Senate is in compliance with the rec-
ommendation of the President, based on the offi-
cial documents which the President has commu-
nicated to the Senate. I presume I need hardly
say, in the face of the country, that if any action
is to be taken by the Senate on the subject, it must
be based upon information which comes to them
officially, rather than upon infoimation tharcomes
from unofficial and irresponsible sources. Now,
what is the recommendation ? Not that the Pres-
ident shall be authorized to use force in order to
procure a proper atonement and redress for the
insult to our flag, for the shedding of American
blood that has been practiced by this Piesident
Lopez; but he himself says that it is his purpose,
if authorized by Congress, to make proper appli-
cation in a conciliatory though m a firm manner,
to the President of this Republic, for proper re-
dress and atonement for the injury and insult he
haa inflicted on our fhg; and he recommends, be-
cause of the peculiar character of that people, that
he should be authorized, should ho find it neces-
sary, to enforce that demand, if it be refused, by
the use of force. The Senator from Florida seems
to contemplate that wc are to fire a gun first and
ask for atonement afterwards. That is not in the
contemplation of the icsolution before the Senate,
nor is it the recommendation ot the President.
The Senator from Florida says that lie has been
informed that President Lopez is ready to make
a treaty* and after the treaty is made he will be
prepared to make atonement.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator is mistaken. I
said no such thing.
Mr. MASON. I certainly misapprehended the
Senator then, for that is whatl understood him to
say, We have no minister at this Republic at all.
We have a minister at the Argentine Confedera-
tion—a distinct Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there any appropria-
tion for one there ?
Mr. MASON. None. The treaty which was
framed, and which the President of the Republic
of Paraguay has rejected, was a treaty that was
framed during the last Administration, by our
Minister at Rio Janeiro, (Mr. Pendleton,) who was
sent on a special mission to Paraguay, and to one
or two other Republics, in company with Mr.
Schenck. We have no Minister there, and we
have no access, of course, to thatRepublicunless
it is authorized by Congress, or unless the Pres-
ident deems it proper in his general discharge of
his executive duty, to commission some one of
our Ministers elsewhere to go there for the pur-
pose. But the President knows, not from unoffi-
cial sources, but from the official papers sent home
by a responsible officer of the Government, Cap-
tain Page, who commanded the Water Witch, that
from the temper evinced by President Lopez to-
wards American interests there, and towards the
American officers, it would be humiliating again
to approach that Government unless it was aware
that our President had power to enforce the de-
mand if it should be refused. A steamer prepared
for the purpose, as lam informed, has already
been sent out there, not as an armed vessel at all,
but as a vessel which Captain Page is to com-
mand, again to explore the waters of the La Plata;
and the Presidentproposes to avail himself'ofthat
mission to make demand of tins redress from the
Government of Paraguay. Plow? Not by send-
ing an armed force to those waters, 1 take it for
granted. lie will either send a special commis-
sioner, or depute one who may be in that region,
to effect the object; but he will send a commis-
sioner there in some form, I take it for granted,
with specific directions to make ii specific demand
for ample redress and atonement for this injury;
and if it is granted, very well; if it is not, then I
presume orders will be given to our fleet upon that
station to furnish an adequate force to compel it.
That will be the course, and it is the only course;
and it seems to mc that it is consistent with the
relations now subsisting between this Govern-
ment and that distant and small Republic.
I understand the Senator from Florida to make
some reflections upon the manner in which the
duty was discharged, confided to Captain Page at
fiist and afterwards to a special commissioner in
the exchange of the former treat)'. Now I have
no unofficial sources of information whatever; I
have no information except what [ dwive from
the information wc get from the official papers;
and the information we get there is simply this:
Mr. Pendleton negotiated that treaty; it was sub-
mitted to the Senate, and ratified by the Senate
with certain amendments. It was then sent out
by our Secretary of State to Captain Page, an offi-
cer commanding the Water Witch, on a pacific
expedition, into which he had been invited by
the authorities of Brazil, who had concurrent ju-
risdiction over the river in which he was. The
treaty was sent to him with instructions from
the Secretary of State to proceed to Asuncion, the
capital city of Paraguay, and there propose an
exchange of ratifications. Captain Page received
the treaty in 1&>4; and he reported from Corri-
cntes, a neighboring province to Paraguay, one
of the Argentine Confederation, to Mr. Marcy,
Secretary of State, under date of October 17,1854,
that he had received the treaty; and then he says:
" Yeftfnla\ I dispatched an officer of this vessel beaier
of the comma mention tiom myself to the Secretary of Jrtate
ot the Republic of Pma.niay, into'-ning him that [ had  e-
ceived from the Pie&ideut of the raited States a commis-
sion and power to act in the exehaiige of ratification, and
desiring to he informed if I should pioceed to Asuncion, the
capital of Paraguay, lor that puipo^c."
Then he goes on to say that he had sent his of-
ficer there instead of going himself, because Par-
aguay had recently issued a decree prohibiting
foreign men-of-war entering or ascending the river
Paraguay. The reason for that Mr. Page gives
in this language:
<• Thisdeciee has been issued in consequence of the part
taken by the Water Witch, under my command, in piofect-
lii}; and relieving American citizens, whose loidence m that
countiy iiad become subjected to le&irietioriss almost amount-
ing to persecution."
In November, 1854, he informs the Secretary
of State of the failure of this mission of his officer
in this language:
" I now have the honor to inform the Department that
yesterday Lieutenant Murdaugh, the officer dispatched to
Asuncion with my letter to the Secretary of State, inform-
ing lmn that I had been commissioned by the President of
the United States to exchange the ratification of the treaty,
and desiung to know if f should pioceed to Asuncion for
that purpose, returned, bringing me the incjosed letter from
the Secretaiy of State, together with my letter returned to
me.
'* Lieutenant Murdaugh stated to the Secretary of State,
on presenting my letter, that it related to the treaty. It was
known to the Government of Paraguay that the latification
had reached Buenos Ayres borne days previously to the ar-
rival of Mr. Murdaugh The letters alluded to m the noie
of Mr. Secretaiy Jos6 Falcon, of the 529th and 30th of Sep-
tember, were addressed to me, returning my letters of the
28ih and 29th, copies of which I have transmitted to the
Navy Department. In his letter of the 29th of September,
Mr. Jose Falcon, Sectetary of State, says my letter of the
28th is letumed without an answer, because it is written in
the English language; and his of the 30th of the same
month, in reply to mine of the 29th, and returning the same,
is dimply a lepetition ot the same excuse for not noticing it.
'41 could see no obligation on my part to correspond with
the Government of 1'aiaguay m any other than my own
language, knowing full well that it possessed the means of
havmg'my lottos translated into its own language. I had
rea->on^ apait from the considciation that PrewidentLopez,
m Ins presumptuous exercise of authority, might conceive
himself empoweied to force me to cmre^pond in his own
language, toi writing in English. The only pers-on associ-
ated wuh me who is at all capable of translating English
into Spanish i  my clerk, and imperfect knowledge of
tne language, (as a tianslator,) coupled with the fact that
In.-, tian-lation would riot be a fun and true expression of
the tenor arid impott of my letter*, detei mined me not to
put myself in a po.-ition, in my oflicial conespondence, to
be misrepresented."
These were his reasons for writing in English.
When this answer was sent back, and his letter
returned m that contemptuous manner, Mr. Page
then very properly wrote again to Mr. Falcon,
Secretary of State to the Government of Paraguay,
telling him:
Unitfd States Steamer Water Witch,
corrirntes, October 16, 1854.
Sir : The undersigned, lieutenant commanding the Uni-
ted States vteainei Watei VViteh, Thomas J. Page, has the
honor to mloim hi* ICveellency Jom> Falcon, Secretary of
State and Muh-um of Foieign llelanons, th.it he has this day
leecived from the Pic-.ident ot the lTti)ted States a commis-
sion to act on the part of Ins Government in the exchange
of ratilication of the tieaty concluded between the United
Plates and the Republic ofPaiagua) on the 4th day of Mai cli,
1 «:>:{.
With tin* commission, the undersigned has received the
treaty, which he isin*truetcd to exchange.
The undesigned de^res to be mioimcd if he shall pro-
ceed, according to the instruction* from his Government, to
the capital of l'aiaguay, foi the pin pose of effecting the ex-
change ot latification "above alluded to.
The underpinned will di-.pateli this communication by
Lieutenant William U. Murdaugh. of the United States
sfamer "Water Witch, who will, in person, hand it to his
excellency, and will leceive bis reply.
The undersigned avails bunselfof this occasion to renew
to bis excellency the assurance of Ins distinguished con-
sideration. T£I. J. PAGE.
JIi^ Excellency Jose "Falcov, Secretary of State, and
Minister of Foreign Relations, wfliuncion, Paraguay,
Here is the reply:
Asuncion, October 21, 1854.
In accordance with the conditions {set forth) m my let-
ter-. of tbe29th and JJOth of the pa .t. 1 return to you your
letter dared Oetobei 16, in Corricntes, written in English,
without accompanying it (or me) a tianslarion signed, won-
deung that you should continue m your idea of mortifying
me.
Your attentive servant,De 0. S. atento servidor,"
JOSE FALCON.
Mr. Thomas J. Page,
Commr/nder of the steamer Water Witch.
[Does not say wheie.]
I The honorable Senator from Florida said, a few
1 days aso, as I understood him—I may have mis-
I understood him—that the Government of Para-
i guay had been treated with some neglect, if not
■ contumely, by those who had been sent out to
I exchange ratifications, because the treaty had
i been allowed to remain at the mouth of the river
! some twelve or eighteen months. Here is the
evidence that, as soon as the treaty was received
I by the officer to whom it was sent, he put him-
self immediately in communication with that Re-
1 public, and was rebuffed in a contemptuous man-
j ner, as expressed in the letter of the Secretary of
! Paraguay. What was done afterwards ? A spe-
j cial messenger (a Mr. Fitzpatrick) was commis-
sioned to proceed to Paraguay for the purpose of
exchanging those ratifications, and the Govern-
J ment there refused to exchange ratifications, on
. the ground that the Senate had made various
| amendments to the treaty which the Republic of
! Paraguay considered was not exactly respectful
! towards it.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question? It is whether the
treaty was ever presented to that Government
withm the period fixed in the treaty for the ex-
change of ratifications ?
