2808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
to have control of public buildings shall be the
disbursing agent. This is objectionable. It is
improper to combine the duties of a disbursing
agent and the duties of a supeiintendent, because
the one officer is intended to be a guard upon the
other. That is the view taken of it by the chief
of the bureau of construction. Therefore, it seems
to me that the whole amendment, had better be non-
concurred in, rather than that it should be adopted
with this proviso. It will lead to more mischief
than it will cure.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana.
The question was taken on Mr. Hughes's
amendment to the amendment; and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurring on the Senate amend-
ment,
Tellers were demanded and ordered.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to add these words:
Piflvideil, The. compensation shall notcxceed ten dollars
a day.
My object in making this motion is merely to
have an opportunity to state facts which seem to
me conclusive in favor of the amendment. This
amendment was moved in the Senate by the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce. It was
agreed to by the leading men of all parties as being
eminently just and proper, and calculated to cor-
rect a great abuse that exists in the management
of these public buildings. At New Orleans, for
instance, there are three public buildings in course
of construction—the repairs of 'he mint, the erec-
tion of a custom-house, and the erection of a
marine hospital. Major Beauregard, of the topo-
graphical engineers, is employed as the superin-
tendent of the custom-house. He receives his
pay as ofiicer of topographical engineers, and also
his pay of ten dollars a day as superintendent.
To that I do not objoct. Then Mr. Duncan su-
perintends the matine hospital, and the mint, at
eight dollars per day. To that 1 do not object.
But they employ also disbursing agents. There is
one disbursing agent, Mr. Peun, who superin-
tends the work on the custom-house, at sixteen
dollars a day, and another, Mr. La Sere, who su-
perintends the work on the mint,at eight dollars
a day; and the same gentleman disburses for the
marine hospital at eight dollars a day, making an
aggregate of sixteen dollars a day for this duty.
Mr. EUSTIS. I hope the gentleman will al-
low me t<> correct him. 1 am satisfied that it is
not his purpose to do injustice to one of the gen-
tlemen he lias named. Mr. La Sere, as I under-
stand, and as it has since been ascertained at the
Department, does not receive, as the gentleman
from Virginia has stated, double compensation—
eight dollars a day for one disbursement and eight
dollars a day foi another disbinsement. He re-
ceives eight dollars a day, and a-'tw in the double
capacity of disbursing tujent for the repairs of the
United Suites mint and the marine hospital now
in course of erection in the city of New Oilcans.
1 understand, also, that this last appointment was
urged upon Mr La Sere when on u visit, to this
city, a heavy bond required, and he has been
acting as disbursing agent for the marine hospi-
tal without any additional compensation.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 do not desire to cast the
slightest reflection upon Mr. Penn or upon Mr.
La Sere for taking office under the Government
nnd receiving compensation; but, m the annual
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, you will
Jind a list of these officers, and it is there stated
as I have given it to the House. It may be that
there is a mistake in the report, that Mr. La Sere
leceives eiirht dollars a day as disbursing agent
for one work and eight dollars a day for the other,
making sixteen dollars a day m the aggregate.
Mr. EUSTIS. The gentleman will a!low me
to correct him. Tins is a matter of fact nnd fig-
ures, and can be readily ascertained. Mr. La
Sere receives only eight dollars a day, and he acts
in a double capacity, i eceiving compensation only
for one office.
Mr, GARNETT. Then there is a mistake in
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury. But
be that as it may, it is wrong to pay eight dollars
a day tor the discharge of these functions by dis-
burses of public revenue when you have a sub- ,
Treasurerand collector there. This amendment'
cuts oif tnese sinecures and will save a consider- '
ambum of money.
'ord,in |
ence of I
'• iJ
IN. \f I
Mr. SANDIDGE. The amendment of the
Senate proposes to remedy the very evil of which
the gentleman fiom Virginia complains, by doing
away with these disbursing agents; and 1 hope
the House will concurm it.
Mr. GARNETT. I withdraw my amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee rose informally, and a message
was received from the Senate, by Mr. Dickins,
their Secretary, informing the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills of i
this House of the following titles: j
An act (No. 246) for the relief of certain set- >
tiers on the public lands in the State of Wiscon-
sin;
An act (No. 530) for the relief of Stephen Fel-
! lows;
! An act (No. 523) for the relief of Wyatt Grif-
: fith;
1 An act (No. 516) for the relief of Michael A.
Davenport, of Illinois;
! An act (No. 515) granting an invalid pension
j to Alexander F. Bean, of Pennsylvania;
; An act (No 514) granting an invalid pension
,1 to Conrad Schroeder;
| An act (No. 512) for the relief of Elijah Close,
of Tennessee; and
An act (No. A&2) granting an invalid pension
; to James Fugate, of Missouri.
1 Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No.
371) for the relief of Anthony W. Bayard
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
The committee then resumed its session
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate, by striking out the proviso,
and inserting the following m lieu thereof:
! Provided, Th.it wheie there is no collector at the place
of locution ofanv public work herein specified, the Seeie-
tary of the Treasury may, m Ins Uihcieuon, appoint a dis-
bui^ing agent.
Mr. Chairman, it does appear to me that this
House ought not to make the superintendent of
a public building also the disbursing agent. The
very object of having a superintondentand a dis-
bursing agent is that one may be a cheek upon
the other. Now, I fully concur in the first part
of the amendment which provides that the col-
lector of customs shall be the disbursing officer,
wherever there is a collector of customs; but
where there is none, it is necessary that the dis-
inuv,m<; ofiicer shall be a di fir tent person from the
supeiintendent who has charge of the construc-
tion of the work. The nature of the duties of the
su| >ei mtenden t is such that he ond the disbursing
officer occupy antagonistic positions, and the
duties of the two offices ou'^bt not to be imposed
upon the same person I hope, therefore, that
my amendment will be agreed to. It does not
make it obligatory upon the Secretary of tfie
Tieasury to appoint a disbursing agent where
there is no collector, but it leaves it discretionary
with bun to appoint one where he thinks it ne-
cessary.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I know that
lam in a minority here; but J avail myself of
the opponunity of speaking in opposition to this i
arm ndiuent, to give the reasons which govern me ji
in my action upon this question. |i
This amendment of the Senate proposes to con- i>
centrate in the handsof the collector the disburse- h
merits of the public moneys; and itauthonzes the ji
Secretary of the Treasury to allow the collector a jj
quarter of one percent, upon the entire amount ji
of public money disbursed in the erection of pub- (i
he buildings m his district. My opinion is tnat
aquarter of one per cent, upon tim outlay would j|
more than pay the salaries now paid to the dis- j!
bursing agents; and my opinion is that if you 1'
give the collector the privilege of disbursing this
money, you will not thereby dispense with the
necessity of having the same duties performed by
some other person, m addition to ^superintend-
ence, as you now have. The superintendent of
the work supervises the design and architectural
execution of the work. His hands go to the dis-
bursing agent to be pyid. Is it intended that the
collector of New York, for instance, shall pay off
the hands employed upon the public woiks in
that city: that they shall go to the custom-house
on Saturday night to receive their weekly wages?
Or is it the calculation that when voa imo'o'se this
duty on the collector, he shall appoint some one
else to discharge the very duty that you propose
to devolve upon him by law? I do not believe
that you will economize by allowing a percentage
upon the gross outlay that you make upon your
public buildings; and I would rather have the
disbursements made by some man who would act
as a direct check upon the superintendent, by
coming in direct contact with the men who do the
work.
The question was taken on Mr. Hughes's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to amend
the Senate amendment by striking out the word
" collectors," and insertingthe words, " assistant
treasurers. " I have but a word or two to say in
behalf of that amendment; but they shall be di-
rected to the policy of the law as it already exists,
and is applied. The policy of the law, as I un-
derstand it, was inaugurated by what is called
the sub-Treasury act. It was through the instru-
mentality of that act that all disbursements were
taken from the hands of subordinate officers and
lodged in the handsof fiscal officers, denominated
" sub-treasurers," wherever located. That sys-
tem prevails now throughout the Union, and "the
moneys which may come into the hands of the
collectors are placed m the hands of the sub-treas-
urers, and the collectors and all subordinate offi-
cers, including surveyors and naval officers, are
obliged to check upon the assistant treasurers for
the moneys which they disburse to their em-
ployes.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. There are but
about four assistant treasurers of the United
States, and this bill is to provide a disbursing of-
ficer \v herever there is a collector; and where there
is no collcctor, to make a disbursing officer of the
superintendent in charge of the building.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That I understand,
and it is to apply the principle which was estab-
lished by the sub-Treasury act that I introduced
the amendment and argue against the principle of
the Senate amendment which is sent to us for
consideration. If we are to take that amendment
of the Senate we take a step back wauls, and re-
turn to the system which the sub-Tteasmv act
was intended to explode. I think, therefore," that
wherever there is a sub-treasurer to be found, it
should be part of his office to disburse the mon-
eys of the Government. And if such an officer
is not to be found at any particular point, the
principle which established sub-treasurers at va-
rious points, ought to be further applied in the
estabhshmentof special disbursingofficers, rather
than put the funds of the receiving and disburs-
ing officers in one and the same hand. I hope,
therefore, that my amendment will be agreed to.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagieed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Before the vote is taken
upon the amendment of the Senate, I desire to
avail myself, in part, of the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hughes,]
and voted down, radically changing, however,
his proposition, by an addition which 1 make to
it. I move to strike out the proviso, and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, That where there is no collector of custom^ at
the place of location of any of the public building henem
specified, the Secrctaiy of the Tieat-ury inny. m hi* dts-
erotion, appoint a disbursing agent, who shall icccne one
fouith of one per cent, upon all sums d^bui ed by Imn, m
tull for Ins bftrviccs.
1 suppose there can be no well-founded objec-
tion to this proposition. It is merely to appoint
a disbuising agent, in the absence of any col-
lector, and to give him, in full compensation for
his services, the same amount of compensation
which would have gone to the collector, had there
been one. Its excellence consists m the fact that
one officer acts upon the other as a check. There
can be no necessity that both duties should be
discharged by one and the same individual. By
devolving the duties upon two officers, you im-
pose restraints upon the action of each. I hope,
therefore, that the amendment will be agieed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend the Senate amendment, by striking out the
amount of fees named in the amendment, and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Trea$urv shall not allow mor*
thin one fourtn of one ttenu of trie nmo expeu'ereq tiy
