1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
The papers were again referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary at this session of Congress.
I have not the day of the reference; but they were
referred early in the session—I think about the
middle of December; and the committee reported
again the same resolution on the 21st of January.
Why is it that this delay has taken place? Why
this procrastination? Why not examine and set-
tle a question so vital to the organization of the
body, and so necessary in every view which can
be taken? There may be votes of this body, af-
firmatively and negatively, depending here daily
on the votes of these two gentlemen. Are those
Senators entitled to their seats ? They ought to
know it. Are they not entitled to their seats?
Then any vote determined by them is a vote which
gives to the Senate a majority that does not belong
to it by the legal voters of the Senate, by those
entitled under the Constitution to hold seats here.
There is no view in which the matter presents
itself to my mind m which it is not the bounden
duty of the Senate to settle it, and to settle it now,
in preference to any and ail other subjects; and the
parliamentary lav/ has so regarded it, by making
it a question of privilege, a question of moie im-
portance to the body than any other which can be
prescn ted.
It presents a peculiar feature. I do not under-
stand—and 1 suppose the Senator from Dnhuvnrc,
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr.
Bayard,] will give me the information which I
desire—why a resolution authorizing the sitting
members to take testimony is rcpoited by the
committee withouthmitation,and withoutexpress
specification as to what they propose to prove. If
that Senator were sitting as a judge, and a motion
were submitted to him for a continuance of an ac-
tion on account of the absence of a witness, I ask is
it not law, is it not reason, is H not good souse, that
the ailidavit in support of the motion shall specify
precisely what is expected to be proved by the
absent witness, so that it may be known whether,
if the witness wore in court and could testify, his
testimony would be relevant to the issue, and
would be admissible? I have looked this matter
over, and I want to know precisely what is the
point, and what is the evidence which they pio-
pose to furnish to establish that point. Do they
propose to oflcr parol evidence to contradict the
records of the State of Indiana ? If so, every man
here knows that such evidence, even if offered,
could not have binding force.
It is a most remarkable feature of this case that
the committee havereported a resolution, the ne-
cessity of which I have failed to understand,and
that the Senate, by vote after vote, have refused
even to proceed to its consideration. Here are
gentlemen holding seats as Senators: and cer-
tainly they ought to know, we ought to know,
the State of Indiana ought to know, whether
they arc entitled to them. A resolution is offered
allowing- them to take evidence, without specify-
ing, according to my understanding, upon what
-point that evidence is to be taken; and then the
Senate, by a formal vote, refuse even to proceed
to the consideration of that question; or when
called up, as it has been, as a question of privi-
lege, by a formal vote of the Senate, it is laid
upon the table, thus cutting off the nghtto debate,
the right to settle, and the right to determine it.
It is remarkable, sir. I have no disposition to
go into the merits of the case; but I want, the
matter settled: I want the resolution considered;
and if it is appropriate and just that the resolu-
tion should pass, then let it pass. If it be not,
then let the case be determined upon its merits
Another thing, I think, will not escape the pub-
lic attention; I have no comments to make on it;
I desire to make none. The public, however,
will not fail to draw their own conclusions; and
1 think they will draw them justly. We had pre-
sented here, some weeks since, a constitution
from the Territory of Minnesota, which asks to
be admitted as one of the States of this Union.
. We ail recollect the language which was used by
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] on that
occasion. I am not going to misquote his lan-
guage ; I am not going to state what was his idea,
or what could be drawn from what he said; but
I ain going to read precisely the language which
he used, and let those who please make their own
application of it.
Mr. PUGi-I. If this debate is to go on, I should
like to ask what is the question before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is on*hc peso-
lution reported by tiie Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The Chair will have it read for the infoim-
ation of the Senator. The Secretary will read
the resolution and the amendment offered by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
The Secretary read them. The resolution re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee is as follows:
Resolved, That m the ease of the contested election of the
Hon. Graham N. Fitch, and the Hon. Jesse D. JJuioht,
SenaioisH'turjiedaml admitted to their <?eats, Irom the State
of Indiana, that the sitting member?, and all persons protest-
ing against their election, or any of them, by themselves, or
their agents or attorneys, be peimitted to take testimony on
the allegations of the protectant1! and the bitting members,
touching all mat'ers of fact therein contained, before any
judge of the distnctcouit of the United States, or any judge
of the supreme oi circuit courts of the State of Indiana, by
first giving un days'notice of the tune and place of such
pioeeedmgs in some public gazette printed at Indianapolis.
The amendment of Mr. Trumbull is to strike
out all after the word " Resolved," and insert^
That the Senate will nowpioceed to a final determina-
tion of the right to seats m this body, of Graham N. Fitch
and D Bright, claiming to have been elected Sen-
ators by the Legi-latuie of Indiana.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
Mr. PUGII. The point I wish to make is,
whether it is in order for the Senator, in debating
that resolution, to go off into the questions relative
to the admission of Minnesota?
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a debatable
question. The Chair docs not perceive how he
is to limit the debate, and determine on the rele-
vancy of remarks. '
Mr. HAMLIN. I will endeavor to make my
remarks so relevant that both the Chair and the
Senator from Ohio shall understand the point I
propose to make. I am now urging action on this
matter, and I am going to read un extract from the
speech of the honorable Senator from Virginia,
nnd nnother extinct from a speech made hv the
honorable Senator from Delaware, and I think the
Senator will not fail to draw his own conclusions
as to the reason which induces me to read them,
and to see that they are both pertinent in the use
which I make of them, to wit: to urge the neces-
sity of the action of the Senate on this matter now.
That is the point on which I am speaking. The
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] said, on the
occasion to which I have alluded:
" And low theTenitory of Minnesota, for they are both
Teintones, applies for admission. I do not know the cir-
cumstances urulei which theTenitory of Kansas is to apply
for admission as a State; and 1 apprehend that no honor-
able Senator knows them ; but wo do know that the souices
of mioimation which have been open to the Senate and the
country upon eveiy question attending the passage ot Kan-
>a- liom atei iitonal •state toth.itol an independent political
community have been of a charactei to cairy with them
d^tiu-t and doubt. We know, however, that the constitu-
tion of that State is now in Washington. We have rea&on
to believe that, within a very s-hoit time, it will be tent to
the Senate, and we may pie-<ume—we cannot take it for
granted—that when it ia &cnt to the Senate, it will be ac-
companied by authentic mtuiination touching eveiy matter
connected with it; but it is not done yet. i ti ii-.twhen that
question coiuuo up, that it may not be attended by the oppo-
sition, or Che extent ot opposition, that is anticipated to the
application of that hftatc loi admission ; but it it it eei-
tainly mteiests me and those whom I have the honor to
lepi esenr on this floor, gieatly, that not one single step shall
be taken by this body in lelerenee to the admission of new
States until every question connected with the Territory of
Ivan&as has been matured, and we shall be enabled to vsee
exactly where that question stands, and how it is to be le-
ceivcd."
The other day, when the Senate had under con-
sideration this very question, the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] remarked:
" t disagree with the honoiable Senator from TllniOtS al-
together. If this were a ease in winch there weie contest-
ing members (rom the State of Indiana, and the individual
right-* ot others claiming to be iepic«entative.s of that State
on till"? floor weie before us tor denton. T should think that
we ought to dispose of it before we cntcied upon any other
question ; but the {State of Indiana has sent to us, with the
ptirnajatie evidence oi properelection. two Senatois, who
have their seats upon this floor. I am peifectly aware that
thcieaie questions which must be decided by the Senate ul-
timately as to the legality of the election ; but of the broad,
geneial fact, which I can look at outside of that, that these
Senators lepresent the public sentiment of the State of In-
diana. I can enreitain no doubt. Under the e circumstances,
when a question i* to arise unpoi tan t to the destinies of tins
Union, why should not a sovereign State of the Union be
represented, even though it be that it may turn out ulti-
I mately that the election wan not in that fonn'which the Con-
| stitution of the United States icqimes. and tbeiefore in-
j valid? I think the distinction is a clear one. As there is
no individual mteiest connected with this matter, no con-
testing persons who claim to be entitled to the f-eats; as the
result of the decision, if it shall be what the Senator fiom
Illinois desire*, will simply be that the State of Indiana will
be uinepi evented on this floor; as there is prima fade evi-
dence of the ught of these gentlemen ; and as I believe the
public sentiment of that State, even if the election was not
legular in itself, i& represented by them, I am not willing to
l"s> pn the number ot the Senate when a question so grave
and important as thatofthe admission of Kansas is to come
before us."
I have read these two extracts for the purpose
of showing the importance of a decision of this
question now. The Senator from Virginia affirms
what I have read in relation to the admission of
Minnesota. I do not, as I said, propose to mis-
state what the Senator has said. I have therefore
read his language, and I leave every person pres-
ent to draw his own conclusion. I do not pro-
pose to draw any deduction from what I have read
of what was said by the Senator from Delaware.
I have read that; and I leave every Senator, and I
leave the country, to draw their own conclusions.
But I do insist that both the questions to which they
have referred are important; and they are of that
importance which not only justifies, but demands,
of the Senate a settlement of this question before
any votes are taken on either. I think the Sen-
ators from Indiana themselves would well come
precisely to that conclusion; indeed, they could
well come to no other.
Why, then, is this matter thus delayed? Why
has it not been long since settled? It will notes-
cape the attention of the Senate that a memorial
was presented, signed by a majority, I think, of
the Senate of Indiana, and by quite a respectable
number, nearly half, of the members of the House
of Representatives of that State, at the last ses-
sion of Congress. That memorial was presented
to the Senate on the 20th of February. They
asked that the question should be settled by the
then Congress; and they did it upon the ground
that the Legislature was then in session, and if
the opinion of the Senate was adverse to the rights
of the sitting members here, they desired to know
it, so that they might proceed to the election of
their successors. If the Senators here were en-
titled to their seats, they claimed to know it, so
that the thing should be settled, and the State
should not be unrepresented. That has passed
by, but it is only one other link in this chain of
delay which is to me inexplicable.
I hope that we shall proceed now to its final
settlement. I do not propose to discuss the reso-
lution which is offered by way of amendment. I
want distinct and unequivocal answers as to what
are the facts to be proved. If there are facts which
do not contradict a record,if there are facts which
go to the merits of the case, far be it from me to
interpose a vote against the nghtof these persons
to present those facts, notwithstanding all the de-
lay which has been granted; but if the facts to be
proved are in contradistinction to record evidence,
then every Senatorknowsthat in any court of law,
or here, they are facts that cannot be received in
proof. For that reason, certainly I would not vote
for a resolution which, taken as reported, would
give them the whole six years of their senatorial
term in which to gather their evidence; because
the resolution is withouthmitation, fixing no time
within which they are to take the evidence; and
the procrastination already had, I think, is pretty
good evidence that it would be procrastinated to
any given length of time unless theresolution itself
were limited. P ut, sir, my object now is to draw
the attention of the Senate to the matter, and then
I shall act as I think the justice of the case shall
require.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Maine,
in the observations which he has just made to the
Senate, has made statements I think not entirely
consistent with candor: not that the Senator has
stated anything that was not accurate, that I am
aware of at the present mpment; but that he has
not stated all the facts which would lead to a just
apprehension of the question. I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to a few dates. The pro-
test made against the right of the sitting members
from Indiana was referred by the Senate to the
Committee on the Judiciary on the 10th of last Feb-
ruary.
Mr. HAMLIN. On the 9th.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The gentleman says on the
9th. I will not quarrel as to a day, but the re-
port says it was referred to the committee on the
10th. That was about twenty days before the
adjournmentof the Senate, less than twenty work-
ing days remaining of the term. It was the short
session. The committee, in sixteen days, exam-
ined the question, so far as the documents placed
