700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
before it enabled it to make an examination, and
reported to the Senate a resolution authorizing an
examination into the facts. That resolution was
reported on the &6th day of the month. An ex-
amination into the facts was proposed to be made
daring the recess of the Senate, during the sum-
mer vacation, so that at the present term the Sen-
ate, being in possession of the entire facts of the
controversy, might be enabled to come to a defi-
nite conclusion. The adoption of that resolution,
thus directed to an inquiry into simple matters of
fact, was opposed, vehemently opposed; and the
result was, that in the press of important public
business at the close of a short session, when we
were all trembling for the fate of the appropria-
tion bills, it was impossible to come to a conclu-
sion on so debated a question as the one before the
Senate, and necessarily the motion fell through.
At the extra session which was called upon the
4th of March, the protests were again referred to
the committee on the 9th of the month. The
Senate adjourned on the 14th. There were then
but five days; and yet within those five days the
Committee on the Judiciary again made a report,
and proposed to the Senate to allow the testimony
to be taken of the facts relating to this election
during the vacation, so that it might be possible
for us to determine the cause at the present ses-
sion. The Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] who had charge of the protests, again ob-
jected to the resolution. We had but one day
left of the session, and the resolution was again
necessarily lost: not by any action of the major-
ity of the Senate; not by any vote of the Senate;
not by any supposed favor that could be ex-
tended to the Senators from Indiana by those who
entertained political sentiments in conformity to
theirs; but by the action of the opposition, by
• the gentlemen who were opposed to their right to
seats.
What has been the consequence ? That, at the
beginning of the present session, the Committee
on the Judiciary has found itself just where it was
upon the day when this question was first sub-
mitted to its consideration. It has not the facts.
Wo have again brought forward a resolution pro-
posing an inquiry into the facts, and we are met
by a minority report, going into the merits of the
controversy, attempting to show that no inquiry
into the facts is requisite; and that minority report
is backed upon its merits this morning by the
Senator from Maine.
Now, sir, what k complain of in relation to the
want of candor m t\e statements of the Senator
from Maine is this: that Senator has stated that
the Senate 1ms again and again voted to lay upon
the table this proposition when it came up for de-
bate; but the Senator has omitted to state that the
reason for laying it on the table was, that there
was an important public matter then under dis-
cussion, uncompleted; and that it was urged by
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] that
we should allow him to finish the discussion of
the Army bill,and take a vote on that before an-
other debatable matter should be taken up. It
was suggested, and has been suggested at all times
by the majority of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, that if the object of taking up this resolu-
tion was simply to pass it in oiderthat we might
get the facts, and proceed to the investigation of
the right of these gentlemen to their seats, we
should readily take it up, and were all ready to
pass it at any moment; but the object is not to
pass the resolution of inquiry, but'to take it up
with a view of instituting a debate into the merits
of the whole question, when large numbers of
Senators on this floor decLu e that their view of
the subject will be controlled by the facts elicited
on the examination. For myself, T am free to
declare that, on many points on which it is pro-
posed to take testimony, I do not perceive that
the testimony would change my opinion. There
is one point on which the testimony would change
my opinion, if it was offered in accordance with
the averments of the gentlemen who claim the
seats. I do not see, on several of the questions
of fact raised, how they touch the merits; but
other gentlemen do see it.
It is to be remembered, Mr. President, that the
Committee on the Judiciary is not a tribunal sit-
ting to judge this cause. The Committee on the
Judiciary has been appointed by this body to ex-
amine into all the facts, and to make report upon
all the facts which can by possibility control the
I judgmentx>f any member of the Senate; therefore,
although some of us may think that particular
facts would not control our judgments, that if
we were to determine the cause finally we should
not require the evidence which it is proposed to
adduce, we cannot say that those facts would not
control the judgment of other gentlemen when we
know there is very great diversity of opinion on
this floor in relation to several of the constitutional
questions involved in this election.
We ail know, it was developed in the <debate
that occurred in relation to the right of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] who sits behind
me, that there are two distinct classes of opinions
in this body on the subject of the elections of Sen-
ators. Some hold that the right of electing Sen-
ators, under the Constitution, is vested in the
State Legislatures, as organized bodies; and they
hold, therefore, that there can be no valid election
of ^Senator unless he is elected by the Legisla-
ture,as organized by the State constitution. Other
Senators hold that that clause of the Constitution
which devolves on the State Legislatures the right
to elect Senators, intends thereby merely to point
out a class of electors, or, in other words, that the
word " Legislature, "in the Constitution, is equiv-
alent to the word " legislators,'5 and that the true
meaning of the Constitution is, that the Senators
to this body are to be elected by the majority of
the legislators who compose the Legislature of
any particular State. The result of that difference
of opinion on this point of principle is this: some
Senators hold that in no case can there be a valid
election of a Senator when there has not been a
proper joint convention of the two legislative
bodies; whilst others hold that if you can reach
the vote of the majority of the members who com-
pose the two bodies at any time, it is a matter of
no consequence in what form you reach that
result: lot the result be reached, let the fact be
known that there is a majority of the members
comprising those legislative bodies who have voted
for the Senator, and his seat is well filled by him
when he comes here.
In the case before the Senate there was a decided
majority of the legislators of the State of Indiana
who cast their votes m favor of the sitting inem-
bers. They received eighty-three votes out of
one hundred and fifty members all told. They
contend that there were really but one hundred
and forty-seven members then elected as mem-
bers of that Legislature. Their majority was a
decisive one. But the allegation is that there was
so much irregularity in the getting togethei of the
two bodies and in the formation of the joint con-
vention which made the election, as to render that
election invalid. The points in relation to those
irregularities and informalities are those which it
is proposed to examine into by a commission to
be sent to take testimony in that State.
There is one point to which I said my attention
had been drawn, which I considered, even in my
own judgment, to be important in this matter, and
it is this: it is alleged by the sitting members heie,
that at the time the Senate oflndiana wentnito the
joint convention with the House of Representa-
tives, that Senate wascomposedof butforty-seven
members; it is alleged on the other side that the
Senate was composed of fifty sitting members, and
the dispute arises in relation to tins fact. On the
face of the record there were fifty members. It is
alleged by the contestees that three of those mem-
bers were inducted into the office by sheer, naked
violence, without pretext of authority of law. It
is alleged by them that whilst the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor of the State of Indiana was occupying his
chair as President of the Senate, just as you, sir,
are there seated now, as our President, there being
a majority of forty-seven on the floor who were
m favor of the seats of the three sitting members
who had no certificates of election, the majority
on the floor, by violence, sheer, naked usurpation,
put one of their own members on the stand along
side of the LieutenantGovernor,and declared that
ho was President of the Senate pro tempore, and
therein the face of the whole Senate, he, sitting
along-side of the regular President of the Senate,
swoie in three men who then took their seats; and
that the majority being thus further augmented
and strengthened by this usurpation of power,
made up the record, such as it is now placed be-
fore us, and winch seems to show that there were
| fifty members present.
i i say if that be so, I will look to the evidence
it. I care not what the record is,
when the charge is that that record is made up by
! fraud and violence, and that it is not true. I am
! aware of the general rule of law that no parol tes-
timony is to be taken to control written records;
but there is a necessary, a just, and a reasonable
exception to that rule, when the allegation is
made that the record has been made up through
fraud and violence, by naked usurpation exercised
over the officers who have made up the record.
Surely, surely, Mr. President, it will not be con-
tended here that if these facts wei*e proven before
us, they would control no man's vote. That will
hardly be pretended. We are the judges of the
elections of the Senators of the United States;
and we are not to have them turned out of their
seats or put into their seats by fraud and violence.
I know that gentlemen suggest that I am now
making admissions on the Kansas question before
us; for you cannot say two words on this floor on
any subject whatever, that Kansas is not thrust
into your cars. Sir, we are not the judges of the
election of the members of the convention of the
Territory of Kansas. That is all I have to say
on that point. I shall elaborate it when that ques-
tion comes up.
Mr. STCJART. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question that seems to arise here? I
want to hear his views on this question : can the
Senate of the United States determine who con-
stitute the Legislature of the State of Indiana,
against a determination that has been made by the
Legislature of Indiana itself'1 Does not, in other
words, the whole power under the constitution
of Indiana rest there, each House determining
who are its members and who are not ? and as the
House there determines, can we revise it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I admit the whole force of
what thegen tleman says in relation to the organiza-
tion of the Legislature of the State of Indiana; but
I am not now contending that the Senate of the
State of Indiana had not the power to judge of
the validity of the election of its own members.
What I am contending for is this: that whatever
it may have pleased that Senate to do eventually,
on the day on which this election took place, there
j had been no such decision; but on the contrary the
| statement is, that upon that day the majority of
the members then legally inducted into office—the
question is not one of qualification; the question
is not one of their right to sit; the question is one
of induction into ofTicc—that on the day on which
this joint convention took place, but forty-seVen
Senatois had been legally inducted into office, and
that therefore on that day the Senate of Indiana
was composed of but forty-seven members. If a
majority of the Senate afterwards chose, by any act
of its own, to admit those three members whose
seats were that day vacant in contemplation of
law, and to recognize them as members of the
body, their determination is undoubtedly valid
and binding from the day on winch it was made;
but till made it bound no one. The question is
not whether, at some subsequent period posterior
to the day on which the senatorial election was
held, that body was constituted of fifty members;
but whether, on the day on which the election was
held, there were forty-seven or fifty members of
that Senate legally inducted into office. On that
point 1 want light. Oil that point I believe every
Senator present would like to know the facts.
Mr. President, the Senator from Maine has
treated this question as though the majority of
; this body were desirous to retain in their seats,
i for political or partisan objects, gentlemen not en-
1 titled to sit amongst us; and for that purpose he
. has characterized the delay heretofore had as ex-
j traordmary, as unprecedented, as one that he can-
! not, by any possible exercise of his ingenuity, ac-
; count for. Why, sir, the Senator from Maine and
i myself have served together in this body during the
j period when the right of the sitting Senator from
j Iowa was contested, and that Senator from Iowa
was a member of the minority of the Senate. We
had the question of his right to a s^at brought be-
' fore uson the 3dday ofDeccmber, 1855,and, with
a clear majority of the Senate of opinion t hat he was
not entitled to a seat, as was proven by the vote
; which was finally had on the subject, "that Sena-
: tor retained his seat here, with apolitical major-
1 ity against him, until the 12th day of February,
, 1657, making four hundred and six days'attend-
| ance. The Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mai.lo-
1 ry,] upon one occasion, had his right to a scat on
