1786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President  
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs.)
Does the Senator from New York yield the floor?
Mr, SEWARD. With the greatest pleasure
always to the honorable Senator from Missouri,
provided he does not come in the questionable
shape of Kansas.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to ask the Senator if
he is willing to yield the floor in order to permit
me to move to take up Kansas. It is the special
order, and if it is not an interference with his
present plan of speaking, I should like to have it
taken up.
Mr. SEWARD. When the honorable Senator
makes a request of me, it is on the subject of Kan-
sas, and as he is chairman of the conference com-
mittee, to which I belong, I suppose I must receive
it as a command.
Mr. GREEN. Not at all.
Mr. SEWARD. I come down.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. GREEN. I move to take up for consider-
ation the report of the committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remark to the Senator from Missouri that there
are other special orders having precedence of that.
The proper motion will be to move to postpone
all prior orders.
Mr. GREEN. That will be my motion; hut I
think this has precedence, according to parlia-
mentary law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There arc other
special orders having precedence, but it is compe-
tent for the Senator fiom Missouri to move to
postpone all prior special orders.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I think the Chair is
slightly mistaken in regard to the rule. This
report being sot apart specially for to-day, has to
be called atone o'clock to-day, and takes prece-
dence over all other special orders; but if it loses
its place to-day, it goes among the other special
orders. I think, however, it comes up first to-
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stands corrected. It is moved to proceed to the
consideration of the special order made on Friday.
Mr. STUART. Uefore voting on that ques-
tion, I should like to have the subject of that
order read Let us see what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will iead the order making it a special order.
Mr. ST CART. Not the order making it, but
the subject which it is proposed to take up.
The Secretary read: " The report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 101) for the
admission of the State of Kansas into the Union."
Mr. STUART. I want the report rend that it
is proposed to take up, so that I may st-e what
the Senator from Missouri proposes to take np.
The PRES1DIJN U OFFICER. The Chair will
remark that, according to the order heretofore
made by the Senate, when the hour of one o'clock
ai rived, this leport would properly have been be-
fore the Senate as the special order, as the Chair
understands. Hut when the hour of one o'clock
arrived, the Senate was engaged in the considera-
tion of the resolution repoited by the Committee
on Foreign Relations; and, by unanimous con-
sent, the Senate continued the consideiation of
that resolution. That resolution, by unanimous i
consent, is now before the Senate; and it is neces-
sary to dispose of that before calling up any spe- ■
cial order. i
Mr. STUART. So far as that question is con- |
cerned, I do not deem it important; but the Chair 1
was right in his first statement to the Senate. If ■
he wiil look to the rule, he will sec that the spe-
cial order first made is the special order fust to be
taken up; and the Senatoi from Alabama was in ,
eiror in supposing that this matter took prcee- !
denco for to-day. It does not take precedence at 1
all. The bill in regard to the fishing bounties is
the first special order according to the rule, as the
Chair wtli see by reading it. But that does not !
affect tins question. The Senator from Missouri ^
proposes to postpone m order to take up. Now j
i want to hear read what he proposes to lake up, ,
so that I may see what it is. i
Mr. FITZPATRICK. In answer to the re- :
maiks of die Senator from Michigan, I will say, !
that I am well aware of the rulo to which he refers-,
and ii'oil the special orders, made previous to the i
one made on Friday, be called up, the oldest spe-
cial order will be the one properly in order now,
but when the Senate determined on Friday spe-
cially to set apart this day for the consideration
of this report, I hold that, according to the prac-
tice of the Senate, it must now be taken up if it
be called for by any Senator. If, however, to-day
passes without calling- it up, it then takes its place
among the special orders, and at the foot of them.
Such I understand to be the rule and practice of
the Senate.
Mr. STUART. That is a mistake. The rale
settles that question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is obviated entirely by the motion of the Senator
from Missouri. The Secretary will read what is
desired by the Senator from Michigan.
The Secretary read as follows:
a Mr. Green, from the committee of conference, on the
disagreeing vote?* of the two Houses on lhc lull (rf No. 16J)
for the admission of the State of Kansas into the Union,
made the following lepoit;
a The committee of conference, appointed to consider the
disagiceiug vote-, of the two Houses on the amendment to
the Senate hill No. 161, entitled ' a bill for the admission of
the ^tate of Kan-^a-s into the Union,' repoit:
,s That tney have had the subjcct undci coijMdsi.ition, and
have /,'iven it that caiofni. patient, and niatme dehbeiaiion
which they conceive it: importance demand-*, and have
agreed upon an amendment, in the nature of a substitute,
for tho limine amendment to the Senate bill."
Mr. STUART. The statement in the report is
that the committee have agreed upon an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute for the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives. Now, I
ask that the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives be read, to see how it varies from the
one the committee ofter as a substitute for it.
"Mr. HUNTER. I apprehend the Senator has
no right to call for the readme; of anything except
the report. That is the question on which we
have to act. That lie may call for the reading of,
but nothing else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now before the Senate is on postponing all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the report of
the committee of conference
Mr. STUART. If the Chair understands, as
I do, that the motion to take up the report will be
a proper motion after the prior orders have been
postponed, then I will wait until this question is
taken; but on the question of taking up the report
I want to have the papers vend.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the motion of the Senator
from Missouri, that the Senate postpone till prior
orders to take up flu; report of the committee of
conference fur consideration.
Mr. STUART. For the purpose of taking it up
Mr. DOUGLAS. The point is, whether this
is one motion to postpone and take up, or whether
the question is, first on postponing, and secondly
on taking up. I suppose it is now first on post-
poning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion will be on postponing; but usually, when
such a motion as this is made, it is considered,
when the postponement is agreed to, that it is the
sense of the Senate to take up the matter pro-
posed to be taken up. If insisted on, however,
the first question is on postponing all prior orders.
The object of that motion, suggested by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, is for the purpose of taking
up the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. PTALE. It is suggested that the first prior
order is a bill which relates to the repeal of the
fishmg-bounty duties. Then I suppose all who
are for keeping that bill as it is, will vole to post-
pone.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I did not pay particu-
lar attention to the disposition of the subject now
under consideration on Friday last; but if I am
not mistaken, the Senate made this report the
special order for to-day at one o'clock. That
being the fact, to-day being specially assigned for
the report, I take the ground that it comes up at
one o'clock in its order, and overrides atl other
special orders that may have been assigned on
previous days. After to-day, if it be not now con-
sidered, I admit it resumes its position with spe-
cial orders formerly made, and goes to the foot of
tliem. I hold that no motion is necessary to pro-
ceed to th* consideration of the report as a special
order; but after having postponed all previous
orders, it conn up of course under the action of
the Senate.
Mr. GREEN. I only made the motion to ob-
viate all difficulty; 1 thought we should save time
by it, rather than-discuss points of order; I am
satisfied that, under parliamentary law, at one
o'clock this report came up on the demand of any
one Senator, properly before the attention of the
Senate, not upon the ground assumed by the Sen-
ator from Michigan that one prior order super-
sedes another, but on the ground that this was a
privileged question pending before the Senate on
Friday; and though we chose to postpone it, it is
still a privileged question, and takes precedence
of all prior orders, or of subsequent orders not
having a privileged character. It takes its right
rom its character, and not from the mere fact that
it is made a special order; it was postponed to
accommodate Senators. Its character is still
retained as a privileged question, overriding and
superseding all prior orders, because it is priv-
ileged.
Mr. STUART. 1 had supposed, sir, that the
motion as submitted would dispose of these ques-
tions, for I confess I have very great repugnance
to arguing them over and over again; but the Sen-
ator from Missouri will look in vain to find any
law declaring this to be a privileged question. All
there is about it is, the law of the Manual is, that
a committee of conference may report at any time.
This committee has repoited. What becomes of
it then ? It is no more privileged than any other
question.
A word now as to the argument of the honor-
able Senator from Alabama. It will be seen at
once, on the least reflection, that the Senate, in
having assigned the consideration of this subject
for to-day at one o'clock, has done no more, if
you give it the largest latitude, than to make it
the special order for to-day at one o'clock; and
then the question is, when was it so made the
special order? On Friday. By reeuiring to the
iule, you will see that special orders made prior
to that time take precedence of it. I do not wish
to discuss this point. It not involved neces-
sarily at all. The Senator from Missouri has sub-
mitted a motion to postpone the prior orders, as
he may do, and take up this subject. It is com-
petent for the Senate to do it, for the rule ex-
pressly declares that all special orders are subject
to a vote of the Senate. There is therefore no
necessity for presenting this matter in this way;
but if it is to be presented, we are obliged to meet
it as such. If it is insisted now that this motion
shall not be made, but that the Chair shall declare
that this subject is, by its own force, before the
Senate, then we have to meet that question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Chair does not decide
that.
Mr. STUART. That is the ground taken by
the Senator from Alabama, if the motion of the
Senator from Missouri be taken, and the Senate
decides to postpone all prior orders, the question
will recur whether the Senate will take up this
subject, or some other subject. Those are legit-
imate motions, and motions that I do not dispute
at all.
Mr. 1IUNTER,. I suggest that we should get
on faster by taking the vote on the motion which
is made by the Senator 1'iom Missouri.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
entertained that motion. The question now is
whether the Senate will postpone all prior orders
for the purpose of taking up this report of the
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is whether the Senate will proceed to the con-
sideration of the report of the committee of con-
ference ?
Mr. STUART. Now, sir, I repeat the request
that I made before. The report of the committee
of conference, as they themselves state it, is that
they have agreed upon an amendment in the
nature of a substitute for the amendment of the
House of Representatives. The House amend-
ment was a substitute for the Senate bill. Now
I want it read, to see what it is.
Mr. HUNTER. I maintain that the Senator
fiom Michigan has no right to make any such re-
quest: for, by the practice of the two House?, the
question is upon the report and not upon the bill;
and forthe purpose of showing distinctly that he
has no ri«rht to make it, I beg leave to refer to a
decision of this very point made in the last House
of Representatives by Mr. Speaker Banks. On
