2812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
he honorable to the country, a record of its glo-
ries, ami cannot fail to be useful to my constitu-
ents, and that if I do, I am not upon the Demo-
cratic platform, then I am ready to, and will, step i.
off from it. Such ss not the narrow creed of the i;
Democratic party; il has high missions to fulfill,
and none more elevated than the publication of ,
the history of our country, whose liberties were
achieved, and have been maintained, by Demo-
crats; thus encouraging its triends for the future,
and giving to the world a wide-spread and exten-
sive circulation of the country'sglorious history.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio that he leave out the
limitation as to the number of volumes. It may
be that if we limit the number of volumes to fifty,
they maybe too Itugeto handle conveniently. I
think, however, we should limit the price and
limit the appropriation. I understand fiom the
publishers that it will require several years to
publish thiswotk, and that not moie than $25,000 |
will be required for the present year. I move, !
therefore, if it be in oider, to amend by adding i
that a sum not exceeding $25,000 be appropri-
ated for the fiscal year.
Mr. STANTON. i will modify my amend-
ment as the gentleman suggests in relation to the
number of volumes. 1 m<nuoned that number
because it was stated the work would be com-
prised in fifty volumes.
Mr. PETT1T. If the gentleman from Georgia
will allow me for a moment, I will say that no
appropriation whatever is desired in this bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeotgia. I ask the gen-
tleman whether he will not also modify his amend-
ment so as to limit the appropriation in this bill
to $25,000 ?
Mr. STANTON. I will so modify it, if the
genth man from Georgia desires it. although the
gentleman fiom Indiana, [Air. Pettit, j who tep-
rosents the Libmry Committor, has pist staled
that no appropriation at ail was contemplated for
the woik in this bill.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to state
to the committee very briefly ihat I consider the
publication of these State Papers as very import-
ant.
Mr. DEAN. I object to debate, unless it is in
order.
The CH MUM AN. No further debate is in
order at this time.
Mr. SMITH, of Vu^inia. 1 desire to inquire
if the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
cannot be amended ?
The CHAIRMAN", Not at the present time;
and debate upon time amendment is exhausted.
The amendment, as modified, wiw read.
Mr. SAVAGE. That is an entirely different
amendment ft om the one ongmully ofleied by the
gentleman from Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman luul a
right to modify Ins amendmentat any time before
the vote was taken upon it
The amendment, as modified, to the Senate
amendment, was agreed to -ayes 80, noes 41.
Mr. MASON. I move to amend by striking
out these words: u for the purpose of publishing
State Papers." The fact is pretty generally un-
derstood here, and 1 suppose the country under-
stands jt, that some job is to be gotten up to mdiri-
tain the pubh&hcts of tins paper. This thing has
been handed round thus Hall, and I suppose a
majority of this House intend voting for it, and
that nothing which can be said will prevent it.
But, sir, the woik need not be done, if it is in-
tended to make a donation for the mcutoiious
public services of their past life, and for the pur-
pose of maintaining the editors of tins paper, let
us do it dnectly, and not put th<«m to the trouble
of doing this work, and the Government of the
United States to the expense of buying paper,
when nobody wants the work. Let ius make the
donation feir and square, open and above boaid.
There aie hundieds of volumes printed by this |
same establishment which are now rotting in the |]
vaults of the old Capitol and in your Iibranes. ij
Heie is another system to be begun; where it will ij
end no one can tell. Now, sir, 1 have a great re- .
spect for the editors of that puper. They have ;■
been conservative men dining a long life; they ji
are able men; and if there is anv way of pension- j:
ing political soldieis upon the Government and !!
country, they,neriiaps, aic as much entitled to it n
as any one else*, Out marK you, m every one of 1.
the two hundred and thirty-odd districts in the
United States there are men who have performed
just as meritorious services. There are men in
my own State who deserve to have three or four
hundred thousand voted to thrm, just as much
as these men. The whole cost of the State gov-
ernment of Kentucky, exclusive of the interest
on the State debt, is only about the same amount.
And yet, of all the appropriations that the Gov-
ernment makes, not a single dollar is spent in my
district. My constituents build their own houses,
and make their own hydraulics, and yet they
have to contribute to building the houses and
making the hydiaulicsof other cities. I am sor-
ry to say that the Democratic party in power, to
whom 1 have stuck so long and loved so well, is
guihy of making them do so.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Mason] says that it seems
to be generally understood that this is a job. I
can say for myself that I have no su<'h under-
standing, and I do not know where the gentleman
got his information.
Mr. MASON I got it from rumor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Geoigia. [ have not
heaid it myhelf. 1 say to the gentleman that I do
not favor this us a job. I have nothingto do with
jobs. I am for this, bocauso I believe it import-
ant to the public service that the State Papeis
should be printed—much more important than
much of the imports that we aie daily ordering to
be futnted. The State Papers were ordered to be
printed up to 1824; and since that time none of
them have been compiled. I wisned, myself, the
other day, to look at the correspondence between
the State Department and Loi d xVshbui ton, gi ow-
ing out of the Washington treaty, and I could not
frul it without subjecting myself to a great deal
of trouble and lo s of time; and I find it so with
nil our diplomatic coiro^pondencc since 1824.
Mr. CLEMENS Will i he gentleman say that
there is a single public document of that kind that
cannot be found among the House documents ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. They might
be found if 1 got a clerk to go tbtough and aid me
in looking into each volume. Perhaps out of one
hundred volumes searched I might get it, part
heje and pait there, and part some other place.
Rut I wish the State Papers properly compiled
and arranged in volumes where we can find them
without that immense labor.
The gentleman from Kentucky spoke of the
number of musty volutins printed by the same
puUishei s. I do not know of anything published
by them except the Annals of Congress and the
Register of Debates, Hut that is immaterial. If
past Congresses ordered anything to be printed
imptopeily, that is not now before us. But 1 do
not tlnnk that the publication of these papers ever
was improper, It was but right to have them
printed. The Annals of Congress only brought
down the debates to the commencement of the
Register of Debates,and the Register of Debates
brought it down to the Congressional Globe; and
we aje now continuing the debates of Congress.
I tinier that it is right. The publication of the
State Papers cost veiy little more than the publi-
cation of the Congressional Globe one sesMon. I
believe we pay for the publication of the debates
of a session some two hundred and thirty thou-
sand dollars. It is immaterial to me what the
publication of these Stale Papers costs. The price
is, f think, according to printers' rule. How,
therefore, any great job is to be made out of it, I
cannot conceive. If there be no mo ie profit than
according to the law on public printing, I think
there will be very little profit made out of it. If,
however, your Public Printer is making too much
profit, cut down the rate. I am for no job; but
I am for the publication of all matters that give
con cot information.
The question was taken on Mr. Mason*'s amend-
ment to the benate amendment; and it was not
agietd to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
--? £? proiuhti. that said woik «hall he let to the lowest
balder on m.mv dnvV nonce, ui the mannerto be piescnbed
by the f5rcirt:i)\ or Uie [meuoi.
I presume. Mi. Chairman, that there is not a
member on this floor who knows the amount of
the job that is to ue undertaken. There is not a
member on this floor who knows the expense of
tins wont; for the limitation irnpo^eu oy the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio is not
worth the crack of my fitrger, as expern nee will
show. Fifty volumes will not begin to complete
the work U has open said, and said truly, on
this floor—and I say that there is no doubt about
it—that the whole project of publishi ng this woi k
at this time was originated by private persons for
their own advantage. I thcirfore mu-oduce my
proposition with a view to have the woi k given to
the lowest bidder, so that the world may have a
chance at it.
That is not all. By no means. Where are
these books to go? As I understand the amend-
ment, three hundred sets are to go to the S*ate
Department, seven hundred to public libraries;
and the remainder are to be deposited with the
Interior Department. I do really think, without
meaning to expand on this subject, that for us to
commence, at this time, a work which is to last
( through a series of years, is, with ihe cry of econ-
.1 only on our bps, one of the most indefensible
mov men's thai I have witnessed for muiiv a day.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentle-
man asks what is lo be done with the other thou-
sand copies? They are to be given, I suppose,
to libmiies
Mr.SMITH, ofVirginia. No;seven hundred
copies are piovided for them.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That would
not suffice.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The amendment
contemplates leaving three hundred copies* in the
State Department, and allowing seven hundied
copies for public hbranes.
M r. STEP H ENS, of Georgia. The executive
binary m each State is to be supplied, as well as
the public bbranes
One word as to the gentleman's argument on
the impolicy of having these books published at
this time. One reason why I proposed to the
gentleman from Ohio to limit the appropriation
for this year to $25,000, was because of the em-
barrassment of the Treasury; but I tell gentlemen
that 1 brought, forvvaid a piopositicn the Con-
gress befoie last and last Congress to print these
State Papers
Mr SMITH, of Virginia. What is your ob-
jection to ivy amendment'1
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have got two
reasons. In the first place, these are the same pub-
lishers who published the woik down to 1824.
They aie familiar with it, and understand it. That
is one reason why I would rather intrust it to
them. Another reason is, that since I have been
in Congress, I have repeatedly seen the public
printing let to the lowest bidder, and invariably,
when it has been so let, the printers have, I think,
withouta single exception, come and asked us to
release them from their contracts; the woik was
always worse done, and we had to pay more for
it in the end: and we finally adopted the system
of electing a Public Printer, and establishing the
rates at which he should be paid by law.
This amendment provides, as I understand it,
that the rates paid for this work shall be the same
as those given to your Public Pi inter under the
law, and these rates aie as low as the woik can
be done for. I am, therefore, opposed to the gen-
tleman 's amendment.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to strike out the
word " lowest" and insert " highest.,y
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order at this
time.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Smith, of Virginia; and it was rejected.
Mr TAYLOR, of New York. I move to amend
the amendment of the Senate by adding thereto
the following:
Provide J, That the publication of said work -hall not tie
common* ed until a printing buicuu i- tMabh-hrd by the
Government, and that it >ii:\il then be done in .-aid buieau.
I desire to say that I am opposed to this publi-
cation at piesent. I will not call it a job, because
I do not agree with the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mi. Mason ] I think his language was not very
comphmentaiy to the House, and therefore I can-
not agree with him. But I am satisfied that the
work can be done in the public printing bureau,
pioposed to be establish* d by the select commit-
tee on printing, for half the price which we should
be compelled to pay to any publishers m the coun-
try. As a matter of economy, therefore, if Con-
gress is resolved to publish this work, which may
or may not be important, 1 trust that, as little will
