702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
sworn in. There that matter ended, and that dis-
turbance which occurred in the fore part of the '
day never was entered, on the journals, and had
nothing to do with the true character of the Sen-
ate. It does not appear; but this does appear:
that these three men were improperly inducted
into office. That is the allegation.
The constitution of Indiana makes each House
the judge of the election and the qualification of
its own members. Those are the words. Each
House is to keep a journal of its proceedings, and
publish the same, is it not perfectly certain that
the provision that they are to be the judges of the
election and qualification of their members, means
that they are to pass as conclusively on the one
point as on the other—on the qualification as well
as in the election? What is meant by " qualifi-
cation ?" That docs not mean that the Senate are
to judge of the eligibility of a Senator to an elec-
tion. That they determine when they decide
whether he is duly elected; but the word " quali-
fication" there is used in its ordinary and popular
signification. It means " duly sworn in." Peo-
ple frequently ask, " Have you been qualified?"
that is, " have you been sworn into office ?" That
is what is meant by " qualification," not merely
in common parlance, but often in our books. In
reading over the constitution which has lately
been presented to us from Kansas, I perceive that
it is provided that certain officers shall hold over
until their successors are qualified—that is, sworn
in. If you say that the power to judge of" qual-
ification" means to judge of their eligibility, then
the man is to be qualified first and elected after-
wards. Thatisidle. He is to be elected and qual-
ified, and the Senate or the House of Represent-
atives is the judge of both these points in relation
to its members. What they do m relation to the
one point is just as conclusive as what they do in
relation to the other. If we may inquire whether
their members were duly qualified when their rec-
ord shows that they were, we may inquire whether
they were duly elected when their record shows
they were. Most clearly, we can no more do the
one than the other.
Now, is it true, will any gentleman seriously in-
sist, that in judging of the elections of the Senators
holding seats in this body, chosen by tho acting le-
gislatures of the respective States, we can go back
of the action of the Legislature to inquire into
the legality of the election of its members ? No
gentleman will insist on that. I do not believe
any one can be found in this body who would
hazard his reputation and discernment as a Sen-
ator so much as to say that he believes we can
inquire into the legality of the election of the men
who actually hold their seats in the Legislature,
in order to judge of the election by them of a
Senator to this body.
How was it in this case? The record of the
Senate of Indiana shows that the members who
fire spoken of were on the first day of the session
duly qualified, duly sworn—all three of them. A
question arose whether they were duly elected.
That question was attended to in due time by the
Senate of Indiana. And here I differ with the Sen-
ator from Louisiana; for I take it that, when that
body decided ultimately that these men were duly
elected, as they did decide, they thereby decided
that they were properly in their places from the
beginning—notfrom the time of the decision, but
from the time when they took their seats. 1 in-
sist, therefore, that the record of the Senate of
Indiana distinctly shows that these men were duly
elected, and duly qualified or inducted, as the gen-
tleman calls it, and the one fact appears just as
distinctly, as positively, and as conclusively, as
the other. If it be true that we can inquire into
the one, we can inquire into the other; and if we
cannot inquire into both, we cannot inquire into
either.
So much in relation to the admissibility of this
testimony. I say it is utterly incapable of being
admitted as proof in contra\ention of the existing
record. I am not troubled now with the subject
of Kansas any more than the Senator from Louis-
iana. That is a point to which I can attend by
itself in due time, and on the proper occasion;
and I apprehend the distinction is quite too broad
between that case and this, for this matter to
trouble me at all when I get to that.
Then , sir, if you continue this cause, and send
out to take this testimony, you send out to take
testimony which, as I have attempted to show,
and as I believe I have shown to the gentlemen
who listened to me, is utterly incapable of being
admitted. It is not for me, any more than the
Senator from Louisiana, to say what motive may
exist in the minds of gentlemen for sending out
for this testimony. It may be for the purpose of
delay, to keep these men in their seats to use them
for important questions. I do not know; but this
I do know, so far as I can know anything of
which I am convinced beyond a reasonable doubt,
that the testimony proposed to be taken is utterly
incapable of being admitted here.
There is another point in this case, Mr. Presi-
dent, which is altogether paramount to all this;
and that is what appears by the report, which is
not contradicted, and will not be contradicted, as
to the manner in which the election of these Sen-
ators was conducted. For the present point, I do
not care whether the three Senators of Indiana
who have been spoken of, were ever chosen, or
ever inducted, or ever there. Whether they were
there or not, cannot alter the main question in this
case; and what is that? The Constitution pro-
vides that the two Senators in this body from each
State shall be chosen by the Legislature of the
State; and it further provides that the time, place,
and manner of that election shall be prescribed by
the Legislature. I take it that one of these clauses
is just as decisive as the other. In the first place,
the election mustbe by the Legislature, and in the
next place, it must be an election which is pre-
scribed by the Legislature. I do not say how
long beforehand provision must be made for it;
whether one hour, one day, or ten years; but
there must be a time, place, and manner of doing
the thing prescribed, before the thing can be done.
That is the Constitution. Theie is no equivocat-
ing about the Constitution on this point. There
is no doubt about it; the words do not admit of
doubt.
Then, I say, in the first place the election must
be by the Legislature. That brings up the ques-
tion, what is the Legislature of Indiana? The
constitution of that State provides that its House
of Representatives shall be composed of one hun-
dred members, its Senate of fifty members, and
that it shall require two thirds of each House to
make a quorum. I take it nothing can be done
by the Legislature of Indiana which is not done by
a quorum of the two Houses. No act can be an
act of that Legislature unless it is done by a quorum
of the two Houses—two thirds of the two bodies.
It is true that our different States have prescribed
various modes of making an election of United
States Senators. The simplest form, perhaps,
would be, that each House of the Legislature, act-
ing by itself m its legislative capacity, should pass
the vote. Suppose that were done in Indiana: it
would require each House assembled, with two
thirds of its members present, to do the voting. I
agree, however, that if the Legislature had pre-
scribed by law a manner "of assembling the two
Houses separately or conjointly, an election might
be made in that manner; because the law prescrib-
ing the manner would have been the act of the Le-
gislature by its proper quorum in each branch;
and if that were pursued according to the terms
prescribed for it, there would be a legitimate elec-
tion based on the legislative act of the two bodies.
But, sir, I insist that at any rate there must ap-
pear in the case to be something showing that the
quorum of the two Houses did the thing, or the
quorum of each House authorized the doing of the
thing: one or the other must exist, or it cannot be
an election by the Legislature. I deny that the
members of either House of the Legislature, or a
majority of one House, or of both Houses, could
get together in their own way when they pleased,
without any law prescribed for that purpose, and
elect a Senator of the United States, even if they
had given notice to all the members of both Houses
to attend. That would not be an election made
by the Legislature, or prescribed by the Legisla-
tuic.
Now let us inquire how the alleged election in
this case was made. The constitution of Indiana
provides that the votes of the people for Governor
and Lieutenant Governor shall be counted by the
Speaker of the House of Representatives in the
presence of the two bodies composing the Legis-
lature. After the Legislature had assembled, and
both Houses were in session, the Speaker of the
House of Representatives gave notice that he
would count the voles m the Hall of the House
on a certain day, and at a certain hour of the day;
and he desired the presence of the two Houses, so
that he might perform this duty according to the
constitution. You will observe, sir, that there was
ne act of those bodies to get together even for that
purpose. It did not require it. The constitution
did not require it. I take it as many members
went as pleased to go. If only one third had at-
tended, I presume the count would have been good.
There was nothing authoritative in the notice.
There was no way by which the Speaker could
compel the members to be present. On this occa-
sion a majority of the House of Representatives,
I believe, was present. The Senate did not ad-
journ to go there; but the presiding officer said
he was going there, for the purpose of attending
the count; and some of the Senators, a minority
of them, went to the Hall of theHouse of Repre-
sentatives, where the votes were counted in the
presence of such members of the two Houses as
thought proper to attend; and the result of the
gubernatorial election was declared. When this
was done, the business of the meeting was ended.
On that occasion, however, after the votes had all
been counted, a Senator rose, I do not know by
whose request, and proceeded to adjourn to an-
other day what he called " this convention."
No convention had ever been assembled there
either by liw or the act of the two Houses; and
even if you could call it a convention, the purpose
for which it was assembled was distinctly fixed
in the constitution, and that purpose having been
attained, its functions were ended. An adjourn-
ment however was had in that manner. That man
said " this convention is adjourned to a certain
day." News got out that there was some pur-
pose at the adjourned meeting to undertake to
make an election of United States Senators, and
thereupon the Senate of Indiana entered on the
record their distinct protestation against the meet-
ing of the so-called convention, or any election of
any United States Senators or other officers which
any such pretended convention might assume to
make. Some of the members, including a minor-
ity of the Senate, met on the day and at the place
to which it was before announced that the so-called
convention was adjourned; and somebody or other
adjourned them again. When they came together
a second time, lo and behold the then existing
Lieutenant Govern or announced "this convention
will now proceed to the election of United States
Senators!" In fact I believe he announced at the
previous adjourned meeting that they would meet
at such a time for that purpose. They did meet. It
is said they met for the purpose of electing. Grant
it; but had they a legal right to meet for that pur-
pose in that way? They did meet, and an elec-
tion was made by which these gentlemen now
hold seats here, and that election was made by a
majority in number of the members of the House
of Representatives and twenty-two or twenty-three
of the Senators, who were a minority of the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There were twenty-four
Senators present; twenty-three voting, and one not
voting.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think there were twenty-
three; twenty-two voted for these men, and one
for another man, I believe. Now, the question
is, was that a legal election ? Testimony cannot
by any possibility alter the character of that meet-
ing. Whether you prove that those three Sena-
tors who have been spoken of were improperly
inducted into office, or irregularly inducted, does
not make that a legal convention. It does not
prove any prescriptive lav/ for the meeting of the
convention, for there was no law in the State of
Indiana for the meeting of any convention to elect
Senators of the United States. There was no law
providing any time, place, and manner of electing
Senators. Now, the point comes back, can it be
possible that that can be called an election by the
Legislature of Indiana? There was not a quorum
of cither House present. There was present a
minority in number of the members of the Senate,
and a majority in number of the members of the
House of Representatives, and counted together
they would make a majority of the whole number
of members of both branches. Can an election be
made in that way ? The case of the Senator from
Iowa was very much stronger. In that instance,
there was a regular law prescribing the manner of
meeting, and directing the manner ofadjournment;
and although that law had been pursued in all its
requirements, this body deprived him of his seat,
