1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I7-g§
show you in their report what it is that they pro-
pose a substitute for.
There is nothing clearer than that; and hence
I say to my friend from Pennsylvania that this
paper is part of the report, and the Senator is con-
tending against the correct decision of the present
occupant of the chair when he says that I have
not a right to have any part of the report read.
The Chair has decided that, and decided it cor-
rectly. The other point made by the Chair is,
that the paper which I asked to have read is not
part of the report; but the Chair will see, and the
Senate will see, upon reflection, that it is part of
the report; that the House amendment and the
Senate bill are both a part of the report of this
committee, and you cannot act intelligently on one
without seeing the other, because they are inter-
woven—the one is made a part of the other, and
the report covers the whole. We sent to this com-
mittee of conference the Senate bill and the House
substitute, and they must come back here; the
committee bring them back as a part of their re-
port. They say they have introduced a substitute
of their own which they recommend; for what?
They recommend it as a substitute for the entire
bill. The report, then, must show what it is that
they propose to strike out, and what it is that
they propose to substitute. That is their report.
They propose to strike out the House amendment
to the Senate bill, and insert their substitute. That
is their report; and it as completely includes these
papers as if they had drawn them out in the man-
ner I have indicated.
Mr. HUNTER. I referred the Senate this
morning to a decision of the House of Represent-
atives, in which it was expressly decided that the
whole question presented by the report of a con-
ference committee was that report itself. I have
shown you that it was decided 111 that case that a
member had no right to call for the reading of the
provisions of the bill to which it referred, because
the question was not upon the bill, but upon the
report of the conference committee. Now, sir,
the Senator from Michigan says that the report of
this conference committee is incomplete, and ex-
presses nothing without the bill. He says that, to
have made it perfect, it ought to have embodied
the bill of the Senate and the substitute of the
House; that is to say, when we report on the large
appropriation bills, to make a conference report
perfect, we must cover the appropriation bills in
the report; yet no man knows better than the Sen-
ator from Michigan that such a thing has not been
done; that the uniform practice of the Senate is
completely the other way. So far from its being
the fact that this report is incomplete without the
bills, it shows on its face that it is complete with-
out them. What does it say? It says that it
presents a substitute for the substitute which the
House offered for the Senate bill; that is to say,
it expresses clearly that it presents this bill as a
substitute for all; and the sole and exclusive ques-
tion to be voted on j is contained in this bill, which
is part of the report. Does the Senator from Mich-
igan say that it is not part of the report because
the names are not signed at the bottom? Is it not
reported along with this, and expressly referred
to, and necessary in ordev to make it intelligible ?
and when you have that, you have the whole re-
port, the whole subject-matter which the confer-
ence committee proposes to bring before the Sen-
ate. If the ruling in the House of Representatives,
to which I have referred, and which is consonant
with the practice of both Houses, be correct, then
it does follow that the paper, to wit, the bill which
is not here, and for whose reading the Senator
from Michigan called, is a paper out of the case,
just as much as if he proposed to read a letter
from one of the Departments, or any one else.
The whole question is presented by the report of
the committee of confercnce, and upon the report
alone. Does it involve a question upon the ori-
ginal bill to which it refers ? I say that, accord-
ing to the practice of both Houses—and I believe
that that probably would be the ruling of the old
parliamentary law, which was made before bills
were printed—the question is upon the mere re-
port. Nor is there equity in such a demand, for
we all know that these bills are printed; we are
all aware that they are well known to every mem-
ber.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in-
dulge me one moment? The bill of the Senate,
as passed by the Senate, has never been printed.
Mr. GREEN. Not by the Senate, but it has
been by the House.
Mr. HUNTER. It was printed by the House,
and, I believe, it is the uniform practice to inter-
change documents. It was printed in the House,
and it was put on our table. I say that, if such
an appeal is made to equity on that account, it
seems to me it would be groundless. It is a matter
I acknowledge, for the discretion of the Senate,
whether they will consider the report of the con-
ference committee now, or postpone it. That is
a matter of discretion on considerations of equity
and propriety; but as a matter of right, I main-
tain, and I think I am fortified by the unbroken
usage of both Houses, that we have the right to
consider this report at once, and that the question
is separate and distinct from the biil itself.
Mr. STUART. The Senator does not state
my position as I make it. Of course, I do not
say that he docs not intend to do so; but I say he
does not do it. In the case I put of an amend-
ment to a bill, I did not say that the whole bill
should be putin; and in that ease it would be un-
necessary; because the two Houses did not dis-
agree to the whole, but they disagreed upon a par-
ticular amendment, and the report of the commit-
tee is not complete unless they spread out the
amendment that they propose the Senate shall re-
cede. from. .
Mr. HUNTER. I will ask the Senator if he
has ever known it to be done in his life? Has lie
ever seen it done in any conference report?
Mr. STUART. I will tell you what I have
seen done. I have seen such reports presented to
the Senate, and whenever the question was asked
what is amendment number twenty-one, it was
read, and read as a part of the report without ob-
jection. If it were not so, what would be the re-
sult? A committee of conference make a report in
which they recommend that the Senate recede from
amendment number twenty-one. No Senatoroff
the committee knows what amendment number
twenty-one is, nor what it is about;and you have
to be voting withoutany knowledge at all, unless
you can call for its reading. I do not say that in
that case you must embody the whole bill in the
report; but I say in this case you must do it be-
cause the amendment of the committee covers the
whole bill. That is the reason; and to make a
parallel case, suppose a committee of conference
report to strike out amendment number twenty-
one and substitute an entire amendment in its
place: the report is incomplete unless you write
out the amendment you propose to strike out and
the amendment you propose to substitute, because
without that there is no intelligent presentation
of the case to the Senate. That is the reason;
and in this case the Senator shows the fault in his
argument. He says it is customary for each
House to print bills, and for each House to recip-
rocate in that matter; but, sir, the parliamentary
law proceeds 011 the ground that this is the iiist
knowledge the bodies have of the question; that
it is presented now as a new thing, and that each
member,therefore, lias the right to have the sub-
ject read once. It is not as the Senator from
Georgia intimated that one Senator can demand
it, and then another demand it, and so exhaust the
j session in reading. The parliamentary law says
I distinctly that that cannot be done, but that one
' reading is a matter of right. I think the honor-
able Senator from Georgia will see, if he inspects
i the rules of the House of Representatives, that
I this right to have a bill read through does not de-
j pend upon their rules as contradistinguished from
: the parliamentary law. _
j Our rules do the same thing; but it is only re-
1 enacting what the common law is. Our rules say
: that it shall be read once—so do the House rules;
: but that is no more than the law says without the
1 rules. It is a right that every member has bc-
' fore he can be compelled to vote on a question,
I that it shall be once read; but having been once
i read, any number of gentlemen who happen to be
| m the legislative body cannot then successively
! demand that it shall be read again. Nov/, sir, my
1 point is that this report, except in the branch of
1 it that is now here, has not been read, and I have
: a right to insist 011 its being read.
I Mr. PUGH. I voted against laying th® ap-
1 peal on the table, because I thought the Chair had
' misinterpreted the rule of the Senate, and theprac-
I tice as settled certainly under the Vice President,
, who ordinarily occupies the chair. I understand
the practice to have been settled by him, and I
believe it is the true construction of the-llth rule,
that the phrase " paper" contained in that rule
means an irrelevant paper, 01, a paper not.before
the Senate officially. I know, for instance, {bat-
in executive session, upon the question of the con-
firmation of a nomination, where one Senator at
this very session called for the reading of certain
papers, which had been sent in from one of the
Executive Departments, and it was objected to,
the Vice President decided that any Senator was
entitled, as a matter of right, to have those pa-
pers read, because t-hey concerned the nomination.
Therefore I think that when the question before
the Senate is upon agreeing to the report of the
committee of conference, any Senator has a right
to hear not merely the new proposition read, but
the proposition for which it is to be substituted.
As to the question whether .the Senator from
Michigan could demand it on a motion to take up
the report, that was not the point decidcd by the
Chair at all; that is not a point upon which I gave
any vote. I do not think he has a right to call
for the reading of the papers on a motion to take
up; but the appeal from the decision of the Chair
was on the ground that the Chair said that under
this rule relative to papers a Senator could not
have the bill read with the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio will indulge the Chair. The Chair
expressly disclaimed deciding any question ex-
cept the one presented. This appeal was taken
upon the question as presented before the Senate
in this form: a motion was made to proceed to
the consideration of the report, and then the Sen-
ator from Michigan asked for the reading of this
paper. The Chair decided that he having asked
for the reading of a paper under these circum-
stances, the 14th rule applied to the case. That
is as far as the Chair has decided.
Mr. PUGH. The Chair read the 14th rule of
the Senate:
iC When the reading of a paper is called for. and the game
is objected to by any member, it shall be determined by a
vote of the Senate, and without debate.5'
I understood the Chair to say that that applied
to a demand for the reading of the bill; that that
|i was a " paper" referred to in the rule; and I
jj thoughtthe Chair erred ;n interpreting the rule. I
j! do not think, on a motion to take up a question, a
j! Senator is entitled to have the papers read, be-
: cause we take it up for the purpose of having it
read and considered. If that be the question be-
ll fore the Senate, or if that be the ground on which
i the Presiding Officer puts his decision, I shall vote
h to sustain his decision; but [ shall never vote that
! a bill or amendment before the Senate is a paper
; the reading of which can be objected to, and
I thrown out'in this way by a majority of the Sen-
;■ ate.
1 Mr. GREEN. I hope we shall have a vote.
, We all understand the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
I is, " Shall the opinion of the Chair stand as the
■ ; judgment of the Senate."
|i The question being taken by yeas and nays,
II resulted—yeas 30, nays 14; as follows:
i| YEAS—Messrs. Allen,Bayard, BelJ.Bigler, Brieht, Clay,
|| Evans, Fitzpatilgk,Oreui, Hammond, Hailan, Henderson,
ij Houston, Huntei, Ivcrson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson
, of Tennessee, Jones, Kenned v, Mallory, Mason. Polk,
; i Sebastian, Simmon*, Slnlell. Thomson of Now Jersey,
1! Toombs, Tiumbuil, W'lHlit, and Ynlee—30.
1! NATS—Messrs. Biodcileit, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Ij Collamer, Dixon, Doolitlle, Dmkce, Fessenden, Foster,
; | Hamlin, Kirg, Seward, and Stuart—14.
1 So the decision of the Chair was sustained,
i! The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs.)
I: The Senator from Michigan having asked for the
, reading of a paper, the question, under the 14th
rule, is, will the Senate order the reading of the
' paper? That is a question to be determined by
j' the Senate under the 14th rule.
Mr. STUART. I suppose the vote of the Sen-
ate just taken is indicative that they do not intend
to allow that paper to be read. 1 am willing to
take that for gianted; and the Senator from Mis-
souri having conceded all that 1 wished to have
conceded, that the paper is not before the Senate,
I am enabled to present the question as I desired
to present it, and as I should have been glad to
i, get at it an hour ago. If we concede everything
, contended for on Friday, as to the right of the
1, committee to report,! insist now that, as the sub-
ject-matter upon which they make the repoit is
. not before the Senate, we cannot now proceed
