1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■ami
ble practice, withut a single exception, as the
Senator from Michigan knows, has been for each
House to act at the same instant, if it saw proper,
and neither House is compelled to wait until the
other has acted, and sent it the papers to be read.
He cannot, in the range of his long experience, or
in the memory of the oldest inhabitant, find one
instance in which it was the case, and the reason
is palpable. We cannot act on the Senate bill or
the House bill while this report is before us. This
report is not amendable, even. It is a finality-
agreed upon by the two Houses, so far as they
were represented on the conference, and no Sen-
ator is permitted to move to amend the report;
you must either concur in it, or reject it. What
subsequent proceedings may take place on the
bill, if the conference report be rejected, is a mat-
ter entirely separate and distinct from the ques-
tion before the Senate; for the question now is,
will we consider the rept>rt?—not the bill; that
has been considered in both Houses; it has been
considered as long as it can be, until this report
is disposed of. There is no other possibility of
reaching either the Senate bill or the House amend-
ment, except by rejecting the report of the com-
mitteeofconference. You can never biing them
to the attention of the Senate, or of the House of
Representatives, until you reject the report of the
committee of conference. The original bill and
the House amendment are not befoie us, and can-
not be before us until this report is disposed of.
The question may be asked, would it not be as
a matter of information important for a legislator
to compare together and read the bills, so as to
know the effect of the proposed changes? I an-
swer that might be important; Senators might
desire to look at iliem; and if the Senator from
Michigan will say that the object is notdelay, not
postponement, but that he really does not know
what the amendment is which we propose to sub-
stitute, that he is entirely ignorant of what the
Senate bill was, and the House amendment was,
and that he does notwantto be taken by surprise,
but really wants to institute a comparison, 1 shall
stop to consider his objection; butevery Senator,
every member of the other House, and every in-
telligent citizen of the United Stales, knows at
this instant of time the purportof each, and knows
with criucal exactness the effect of either the bill
or the amendment, and can make the comparison.
It is accessible; it has been printed; it is in the
document room. The Senate bill was printed as
passed by order of the other House. The House
amendment was printed by order of the Senate.
Both have been printed, and in the newspapers;
and as a mere matter of information, therefore,
they are accessible. As a matter of legal right,
they are not pending before the Senate, and can-
not be. No question can come up in regard to the
admission of Kansas except on the agreement or
disagreement to the report of the committee of
conference until that report is disposed of; and,
therefore, I hold that there is no necessity, there
is no propriety, there is no reason, in asking a
postponement of this question because the House
amendment or the Senate bill is not here. It is no
legal right to have them here; it is no legal right
to demand the reading of them; they are collateral
papers; they are not the papers upon which we
vote. That paper upon which we do vote must
be read once, and any one Senator may demand
its reading. All other papers not constituting the
subject-matter upon which the vote is to be cast,
can only be read, if objected to, by the order of
the Senate, and it appeals to the sound discretion
of the Senate. I know full well that the Senate
is hs well prepared to institute that comparison
now as at any other time. If Senators desire to
debate it, to defend themselves before the country,
to present their positions in a proper light before
their constituents, that is all proper, just, and
right. So far as I am concerned, I believe the
subject has been discussed as much as I wish. I,
however, would not intimate a desire to prevent
any other Senator from discussing the subject it-
self as much as he pleases; and I know that all
sources of information with regard to the bill, and
that which is proposed to be stricken out, are
as accessible to him now as if both the bill and
amendment were lying on the Secretary's desk.
Such being the case—a truth that no Senator will
deny—why is it that we stop and quibble upon
hale points like this ? When the country is ap-
pealing to us in thunder tones to give u peace, are
-we to stop upon a little technicality contrary to
parliamentary law, and to interrupt all useful
legislation? I trust the question will be car-
ried. .
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not profess to any ex-
perience in matters of order; but I want to get at
this point, and I cannot conceive that we should
necessarily disagree about it. The Senator from
Michigan, I thought, made his point of order too
early, and I voted against him. I am not quite
certain that it is not competent to take up this re-
port; but I should like to ask the Senator from
Missouri, who states that this question can be acted
upon by either House, how, if that be so, it can
be possible that there can be any meaning to the
rule which the Senato r from Michigan has read as a
rule of parliamentary law, which says that when
a committee of conference is asked by one body,
the papers are to be left in the hands of the com-
mittee of the House which accepts the proffer of
a conference r I take it that means all the papers
—all thatadmit of legislative action. Now,sup-
pose the committee had reported to strike out the
ninth and tenth lines in such a section which was
a matter of controversy between the two Houses;
suppose they had (as I heard at one time that it
was proposed) reported to strike out that portion
of the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky
which authorized the President, by proclamation,
to admit Kansas, and insert a provision requiring
the new constitution to come back to Congress:
I should like to know how the Senate could have
acted on such a report without the bill before them?
Would not the report have made such an alter-
ation in the bill that it would be necessary to have
the bill before us to enable us to understand it?
Would not the whole proposition have remained
with the bill itself in the hands of the House that
accepted the conference? Would not that have
been the case with any other such proposition
affecting the disagreeing votes upon which the
conference was asked ?
Now I say, that in point of fact, when a proposi-
tion for a law of this kind has been acted upon by
the two Houses, and they disagree, parliamentary
law must place it in one House or the other for
new action; and wherever that places it, that is
| the proper House for the action to commence; and
' then, when it goes through the two Houses reg-
ularly, the action will be complete. I can see no
difference whether you strike out the whole of an
amendment or part of an amendment in point of
principle. This it seems, as far as I have heard
the reportread, strikes out the House amendment
and the Senate bill too; so that, in point of fact,
there is but little left of the original scheme. What
I understand to be the meaning of the law which
says the papers shall be left with the House ac-
cepting the proffer of a conference, is, that all the
papers for the legislative action of the two Houses
shall go to that House which accepts the propo-
sition; and I can .see 110 propriety, at least no use-
ful purpose in taking up this report, provided the
parliamentary law requiies us to have the papers
before us when we act. I recollect distinctly that
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii] made this very
objection, when the two motions were coupled to
disagree to the vote of the House of Representa-
tives and to ask for a conference; but I supposed
there was a reason for it, and I must confess that
I felt I had spoken a little too quick then in asking
that the motion be divided. I did not want it di-
vided, on reflection, for fear we should have the
papers. I thought there was a little stronger feel-
ing here to get the matter through, by hook or
crook, than there would be in the other House,
and I wanted them to have the first blow at it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I have
been making several unavailing efforts tu obtain
the floor for the purpose of moving that this sub-
ject be postponed for a short time. Is such a
motion in order now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is 011 proceeding to the consid-
eration of the report. If the Senate proceed to its
consideration, it will then be m order to move to
postpone it to a future day.
' Mr. CRITTENDEN. But I wish to postpone
the whole subject for a day or two. Is not that
in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
thinks it is necessary to take up the subject for
consideration before a motion to postpone it can
be in order.
Mr. HALE. Will the Chair indulge me with
a single suggestion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. CeHainly.
Mr. HALE. It strikes me, with great Refer-
ence, that it is in order .to move to postp&ft^.the.
consideration of the question toagiveriSda^fby"
the rule.' If the Senator puts his motion-in"ihat?
form, it would certainly be in order. :
The PRESIDING OFFICER., Therulesayss
" That when a question is under debate, no motion shali
be received but to adjourn, to lie on the tabic, to postpone
indefinitely, to postpone to a day certain, to commit, or to
amend, which several motions shall have precedence in the
order they stand arranged."
The rule says " when a question is under de-
bate." This question is not under debate. The
report itself is notunder debate, and, therefore, it
seems to me to be necessary, first to take up the
subject before a motion to postpone it can be re-
ceived.
Mr. HALE. The Chair will indulge me for a
moment, as I started this point. The question
whether we shall proceed to the consideration of
this report, is under debate; and under the rule
which the Chairhasjustread,itiscertainlycom-
petent for the Senator from Kentucky to move to
postpone the consideration of thatquestion either
indefinitely or to a day certain; thatisto-postpone
the consideration of the subject under debate,
which subject under debate is whether we shall
proceed to the consideration of this report. I think,
on reflection, the Chair will see that that motion
is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
very readily yield to the suggestions of more ex-
perienced Senators; but he has universally seen
the course suggested by him adopted, namely,to
procecd to the consideration of a question, and
then to entertain a motion to postpone it.
Mr GREEN. I will remark that it is impos-
sible to set the subject for any day without taking
it up; and I would suggest also the propriety of
permitting it to be taken up, and then let us near
whatever suggestions there may be on the subject
of postponing it after it is up. I prefer to have it
taken up for consideration now.
Mr, CRITTENDEN. I wished to save as
much time as I could in the discussion of mere
questions of order. May I not attain the object
by asking the Senator from Missouri to withdraw
his motion ? Whatisit?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To proceed to
the consideration of the report of the committee
of conference, all prior orders having, by a vote of
the Senate, been postponed. The motion made
by the Senator from Missouri was to postpone
the prior orders for the purpose of proceeding to
the consideration of this report. A division of
that motion was called for, and the question was "
first put upon postponing the prior orders. The
Senate having ordered a postponement of all the
prior orders, the question now comes up on the
remainder of the motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of the conference report.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But it is objected that
we cannot proceed because the bill is not here.
That is the argument, and that argument, it seems
to me, may as well be postponed for the present.
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand the rule al-
lowing a motion to postpone to be received relates
to every question on which the Senate may bo
called to vote. There is a question before the
Senate. The question is whether we will take
up or proceed to the consideration of this report.
Now, I understand the honorable Senator from
Kentucky to move to postpone that question.
Mr. SEWARD. That subject.
Mr. COLLAMER. The rule says " question."
The question now before us is, will we proceed
to the consideration of the report? That is a
question, I take it. If it is not a question we are
debating nothing. I understand that question is
I before the Senate; and, clearly, if there is any
I question before the Senate, a motion to postpone
1 it is in order.
1 Mr. GREEN. I would suggest to the Senator
! from Vermont that this report was, on Friday
I last, by a vote of the Senate, made the special
I order forto-day atone o'clock. To-day, to avoid
j all question about our right to take it up, wemoved
| to postpone all the prior orders. That was or-
[ dered by the Senate. It is therefore now up,
| ["Oh, no !"] but I do not choose even to raisn
• that question; for I prefer avoiding all these little
• technicalities when the substance can be reMshtd
