2816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8.
delivery there are which will be embraced by this
section ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
know how many ports of delivery there are em-
braced by this section; but I suppose it will em-
brace all that exist throughout the interior.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There arc about
twohundred ports of delivery in the United States;
and in about seventy of these there are surveyors.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I advocate
the amendment because it is just to remunerate
men in the same manner for performing the same
service.
Mr. LETCHER. Then there are seventy ports
to which this will apply, where the duties of col-
lector are performed by the surveyor: in other
words, where duties are paid on goods delivered
at those ports. Now, the result will be, that you
add $3,000 to each one of these seventy salanes.
That is a pretty round sum to begin with under
the operation of this thing. Then, I suppose you
will go on scaling down, and if anybody else be-
low the surveyor happens to perform a little extra
duty, he is to be paid for italso; and we will have
to work it up and down in that way on a sliding
scale; and according as one man happens to do
another man's duty, he is to be paid that other's
compensation.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If, as my
colleague [Mr. Stevenson] remarked, the Su-
preme Court of the United States decided—in the
case of the Mobile surveyor—that, under the
proper construction of this law, the surveyor is
entitled to the compensation of the collector, is it
proper in the gentleman from Virginia to leave
the law to operate under the arbitrary construc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, instead of
giving, by law, to the Secretary of the Treasury
the direction to pursue the adjudication of thy
court ?
M r. LETCHER . Whatever right has accrued
under the law passed last year, $uivivos to the
party; and no legislation of ours can destroy that
right. That is a clearly settled principle. But,
if a bad law was passed last year, let us repeal it
now; so that, m future, there may be nothing
more of this sort under it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE withdrew his amend-
ment.
Tho question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was not concurred in.
Sixty-fourth amendment:
Pfc. £.> +'in<I he i/ further eiuirtcif, That all diplomatic
and sa'ai icd consular officei* who wic appointed undri ,m
«iei entitled .A n n< M<> ifinodi'l tin' ih pioiuai ic and '"on-M 1 u
ny^icm* of the 1'iuted State-,-'1 appioved Maieh I. IHV>.
shall have the *,ame compensation dimns; the time ncce—
sai ily occupied in making He' nan-it to and i etui niny ti mn
their iO"j|)ueti\« po-t.-., and while ihev ueie reeeiunu then
m-truetions. as i-> piovided toi diplomatic and Planed cou-
6 laroflicer<m the eighth section oftho .letentitled •' An act
to regulate iiie diplomatic anil con ular'•Vctem-ot the Uni-
ted States,''appioved Auiru-4 ltf, lft.")(): P)Oi'i<lcd. That the
foiegoing -hall not he eotisuleied to appl\ to any diplomatic
or consular officer who was in office and at he- po-tof'duty
when said act, appioved Match !. 185"), took WVeef, except
to allow compensation to such otlieers dining the tune ne-
ctj harily occupied m returning Horn their icspective posts.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. By the act of 1855
no compensation was allowed to these officers,
except from the time they reached their places of
destination until they left their posts. By the act
of I85(j they are allowed sufficient time to receive
their instructions and travel to and from their
places of destination, provided the same should
not exceed th11 ty days. It so happened that some
appointments were made puor to the passage of
the net of 1856; but the appointees did not reach
their placs of destination until after the act of
1856 took effect. The design of this amendment
is to allow those officers who were appointed after
the passnge of the act of 1855, and prior to the
act of 1656, to receive the benefit of that act; and
it is limited to those who had not reached their
posts before the act of 1856 was passed. I will
state to the committee that it applies to but two
cases—th" Minister to Mexico, and the Consul
at Dublin. They wete appointed after the pass-
age of the ect of 1855, but did not reach then-
posts until after the passage of the act of 1856,
and the Senate deemed it only an act of justice
to those officers to give them the benefits of the
act of 1856.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I should
like to know how the gentleman makes a dis-
crimination between the nhilosophv <?n which he
now proposes to legislate, and the philosophy on
which he proposed to legislate on the last amend-
ment? These men received their appointments
to office under one law, and he now proposes to
compensate them under another law. If the gen-
tleman's rule is good for surveyors of ports, it is
good for diplomatic and consular officers also.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. There is a very
great distinction between the two. The last amend-
ment proposed to give one class of officers the
salary of another class of officers. This proposi-
tion is to put foreign ministers and consuls on an
equality.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It operates
to change the law.
Mr. STANTON. It isa very clear case of gen-
eral legislation in an appropriation bill, and I
am very sorry that the Committee of Ways and
Means has compromised the dignity of the House
by recommending- the adoption of an amendment
which would not be in order under the rules of the
House. I trust the committee will reject it.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was non-concurred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
committee rise,and report the amendments to the
House, with a view to immediate action upon
them.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Piiei.ps, of Missouri, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of Union had, according to order, had the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly the amendments of the Senate to the bill
of the House making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1859, and had directed him to report
the stunt' back with a recommendation that some
of them be concurred in, that others be concurred
in with amendments, and that others be non-con-
curiod in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move the pre-
vious question on the amendments.
Mr. REAGAN. Will amendments which were
offered in committee be now considered in the
House ?
The SPEAKER. Only such as weie adopted
by the committee, and have been reported to the
House.
Mr. REAGAN. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will aliow me to offer an amend-
ment t > ilie amendment in reference to the publi-
cation of the Slate Papers, to strike out " two
thousand," and niseit " one. thousand."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 miM insist upon
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The action of the Committee of the Whole on
the statu of the Union on the amendments of the
Senate was concurred in without division, except
in the ca*>es noted below:
Seventeenth amendment:
- For com muinjj
Oilcan*., Louimui
the work 011 the custom hou^e at New
a, .5X0,000.
Mr. STANTON. There are sevctal amend-
ments fur custom-houses, and we might as well
take the vote on them together.
Mr. LE1TER. It includes almost every dis-
trict m the country except my own; and if the
vote be taken on them at once, I will perhaps be
the only disinteiested member. I wont a sepa-
rate vote 011 each amendment. Let each one stand
upon its own merits.
Several Members. Oh, no 1 Let us have one
vote on them.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Will the gentle-
man vote for them, or any one of them J
Mr. LEITER. I cannot vote for one of them.
Mr. GROW. I hope, then, that the gentleman
will not call for separate votes on these amend-
ments, and thus consume hours, when one vote
will do as we!!.
Mr. LEITER. As there seems to be a general
disposition to have a vote on all of these amend-
ments in gross, 1 withdraw my objection to that
course, protesting against this entire senes of
appropriations.
Mr, SICKLES. I renew the objection; and
demand the yeas and nays on the seventeenth
amendment.
The veas and navs were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 91; as follows:
\ EAS— Me^sr-.. Andrews. Arnold. Billinghurst, Bing-
ham, Blau, Bonham, Bowie, Bray ton. tfurlingame.Chaffee,
Horace F. Clark, dawson, Clay, John Cochrane,'Comins,
Cragtn, Cum>, I)a\ids>oji, Oavi-s of Massachusetts, lJavis
of Iowa, Dean, Duif'ee, Eu>tis, Florence, Foster, Oilman,
Gilmet, Goodwin, Groe-beck, Robert B. Hall, Hoi ton,
Howard. Huyler, Keitt, Ivnapp, McQueen, Miles, Moigan,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Fieemaa 11. Moi^e, Pendleton,
William W. Phelps, Scott, Aaron Shaw, Judson W. Sher-
man, Shortei. Stallworth, Miles Taylor, Wade, Elhlm 13.
Washbuine, Israel Washburn, Wood, and Woi'tendyke 
54.
NAYS —Messrs. Atkins, Barksdale, Bennett, Bocock,
Boyce, Branch, Buffinton, Burns, Caskie,Cavanaugh, E/ra
Clark,John B. Clnrk, Clemens, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane,
Colfax, Coming, James Ciaig, Burton Craige, Oiawloid,
Curry, Davi* of Indiana, Davi* ot Mississippi, Devvatt, Ed-
mund*o 11, Elliott, Faulkner, Fcnton, Foley, Gaineit, Gar-
trell, Giddings, Granger, Grcjiir, Grow. Lawienee W. Hall,
Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Haskin, Hill. Hoard. Hopkins,
Houston, Husihes, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Owen Jones. Kellogu, Ive^ej, Jacob M. Kunkel,
John C. Kunkel, Leidy, Leiter, Letcher, Lovejoy, Mason,
Matteson, Naae N. Moiris, Mott, Murray, Niblaek, Nichols,
Peyton. Powell, Qmttnan, Heady, Reagan, Roberts, Royce,
RutVui, Russell, Savage, Scales, Homy M. Shaw, Sickle*,
Singleton, Spinner, Stanton, Stevenson, William Stewait,
Talbot,Tompkins, Underwood. Walbridge,Walton, White,
Whueley, Wim low, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoftei—91.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Pending the call of the roll,
M'\ ENGLISH stated that he was not within
bar when his name was called; but if he had been,
he would have vof^d to non-concur.
Mr. MAYNARD would have voted in the af-
firmative, to concur.
Mr. DAVIS, of xVlississippi, said: Mr. Speaker,
I have voted in the affirmative in order thai we
might complete a work already begun; but as the
vote indicates that there is a majority here
against it, and as there are still many other like
appropriations to be taken up, and I may be put
right upon the record, I vote " no," as I intend
to vote against all of those appropriations.
Mr. FLORENCE said that, believing it would
be a wise economy to finish the work, he would
vote "ay "
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, said: As it seems
to me to be the habit of gentlemen to make a dec-
laration before voting of their reasons and inten-
tions, I will say that I voted "ay" because 1
think it right to complete works already begun,
and that 1 shall vote "ay" to the end of the
chapter.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object to any further
explanations. These amendments have already
been thoroughly discussed.
Mr ClJRTIrf, For reasons others have given,
I vote " ay."
The result was then announced as before stated.
Eighteenth amendment:
V01 continuing the work on the custom-house at Charles-
ton. South Catohua,
Mr. MILES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 46, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs-. Andrew*, Arnold, Billinuhurst, Bi-hop,
Blau, Konnam, Bowie. Biayton, Bijan, CLiwmmi, Clay,
John Coelwane, Cuitit, DavuUnu, Dean. Eu-ai*, Flotence,
Foster, Gilmaii. Gdaiei. Goodwin, Gioeshet k, Itoheit B.
Hall, Hoi ton, Howatd, Iluyler, Kent, Jacob M. Ivunkt-J,
Landy, McQiueen, Maynaid, Miles. Morgan. Monill, Fiee-
ma.11 H Moi>e, Pomiloton, William W. Phelps, Aaron
Shaw, Judsou W. Sheiman, Shoitei, Stallwoith. Miles
Tavloi, Ward, Ellihu B. Washbuine, Wood, and Woiten-
djke—16.
NAYS—Messrs Abbott, Atkins, Bennett, Bingham, Bo-
cock, Branch, Buffinton," Burn*, Caskie, John B. Claik,
Olcmctw, Cobb, Claik B. Cochiane, Cockeull, Covode,
Cox, James Ciam, Button Ciajge, Ciawioid, Currj, l)a\is
of i\Iai viand, Davis ot Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, I),i\is
of Iowa, Dewart, Ediniinds-on, Elliott, English, Teuton,
Folcv, Gainett, Ganrell, Goode, Giega, Giow, Luvvience
W.Hall, Hailau, Thomas L. Hams, Hopkins, Hour-ton,
Hughes, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jone?, Kel-
logg, KeJxey. heiiot, Letcher, Lovjoy, Mason, M.- re«on,
Isaac N. Mortis, M<nt, Murray, Niblaek. Peyton, Powell,
(imtman, lteai.Mii, Koyce, Ruffin, Russell, Savage, Scales,
Henry M Shaw, John Sheiman, Sickles, Singleton. Ste-
venson. Talbot, Tompkins, Undciwood, Walbridge, Wal-
dron, John V. Wright, and Zolhcofier—76.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Pending the above vote,
Mr. EDMUNDSON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Smith, had paired o^f with Mr. Ricavd.
Mr. CURRY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Moore, was still detained at his room by illness.
The vote was then announced as above reported.
Nmteenth amendment:
For the completion of custom-houses at the following
