706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
friends than in opponents. While taking; the rec-
ord as it is, if I am not wrong, there was no legal
constitutional meeting of the Legislature for the
election of United States Senators, and that state
of things was brought about by the non-attend-
ance of these men. They have no justification
from me, nor have those who taught them how to
do it any either.
Again, it is said that the minority on this floor
oppose action on this subjcct. We oppose no ac-
tion. We ask for action. Are you going to pass
your resolution to take evidence? Do it; only act.
Are you going to decide on the case as it is ? Do
it; only act. That is the point to which I desired
the attention of the Senate. I should not have
alluded at all to the merits of the case if those who
followed me this morning had not done so while
I had not even alluded to the merits. We can just
as well settle this matter to-day as at any tune.
We can settle it before our adjournment aa well as
at any time, and as a majority of the Senate shall
determine the minority must acquiesce. All we
ask is, that the matter shall be settled ; and I re-
peat again, in justice to the sitting members here,
it ought to be done from every consideration and
from every view in which it picsents itself to a
disinterested and fair mind. They both ask it,
and certainly neither of those Senators will accuse
me of having said aught in relation to themselves
or in any manner on this question, except to urge
action on the Senate, and action now.
Mr SIMMONS. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ators from Ohio and Georgia, if they consider this
election to have been a valid one without a previous
resolution of the Legislature of some sort, pre-
scribing the mode in which it should be conducted.
I have not heard cither of them say he thought it
would be valid without some such resolution by
the Senate and House of Representatives, that
they would unite in grand committee for the pur-
pose of making it; or can a convention called to-
gether for one purpose in Indiana, the purpose of
counting the votes for Governor, proceed to elect a
Senator without any notice to either body ?
Mr. POGH. 1 will state to the Senator that I
have refrained from expressing an opinion. I en-
deavored to state what the parties claimed.
Mr. SIMMONS. If I do not hear any opinion
from any member of the Judiciary Committee,
that they consider this evidence at all material to
determine whether the election was valid or not,
I cannot see what they want e\idence for. It may
be for effect on the country, as has been sug-
gested.
Mr. PUGH. Several members have said they
thought it material. The Senator from Georgia
and the Senator from Louisiana have said so.
Mr. SIMMONS. No; the Senator from Geor-
gia said that if anything was to go to the country,
he wanted to show a case of egregious fraud.
Mr. TOOMBS. I look on the facts sought to
be elicited as material to a proper determination of
the case.
Mr. SIMMONS. I cannot concede it to be
so, if I understand the Constitution of the United
States. The Constitution requires that the time,
place, and manner of choosing Senators shall be
prescribed by the Legislature. Congress, how-
ever, may prescribe another mode. The only re-
striction on the power of Congress in this respect
is, that they shall not change the place of election
fixed by the Legislature. I agree that if Congress
made a law on the subject, it would override the
legislation of the different States, as to the elec-
tion of Senators, if we did not interfere with the
place of the election; but in the absence of any law
of Congress, is not the Legislature itself bound
to agree in separate Houses, by some form or
other, how they will elect a Senator, so that the
people may know, and the members of the Legis-
lature may know, when it is to be done ? I should
like to ask the Senator from Ohio and the Sena-
tor from Georgia, if they beiieved that seventy-
six members of the House of Representatives,
without inviting the Senate, could elect a Senator?
That number would be a majority of one hundred
and fifty.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state to the gentleman
what my view is. It is alleged that, without the
three members who have been spoken of, twenty-
four Senators, being a majority of the Senateand
a majority of the House of Representatives, did
come willingly, by their own consent, into joint
convention, and did elect the sitting member*'. If ;
those three members were legally inducted into
office, twenty-four was not a majority of the Sen-
ate of Indiana. If they were illegally inducted,
twenty-four was a majority; and if this fact be
established, both Houses were in convention by
their own consent, competent to elect a Senator.
That is the importance of the fact.
Mr. SIMMONS. To my mind, it does not
follow, that if a majority of the two Houses got
together without a resolution of the two branches,
they could make such an election under the Con-
stitution of the United States. That is my diffi-
culty. If a resolution to go into a convention was
passed by twenty-six out of fifty, or twenty-four
out of forty-seven, if that was the whole number
of members of the Senate of Indiana, it was no
resolution at all under their constitution, because
there was not a quorum present to pass it. That
is my difficulty, i think it would require a vote of
a quorum of each House, by a majority of those
present, to agree to go into grand committee. If
two thirds were present, a majority of those pres-
ent in each House could pass a resolution to join
the other House; but if twenty-four men only
were present, supposing the Senate to consist of
forty-seven, they could not make such a legal act.
If that be the case, no evidence as to the right of
those three Senators to their seats can have any
bearing at all on this question. I think, judging
from the practice of the States with which I have
been acquainted, that th^re must be some mode
prescribed. I agree that you can prescribe it five
minutes before the election. It is not necessary
that it should be a standing law; but the two
branches of the Legislature cannot join for an
election of Senator of the United States without
the distinct action of each under the Constitution
of the United States, if that Legislature consists
of two Houses. That appears to me most con-
clusively.
Mr. PUGII. Was the Senator here when the
Florida case was determined ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I was not.
Mr. PUGH. It was determined in that case,
that where there was no law and no resolution
prescribing the mod* ofelection, the usag* of sim-
ilar elections in the State of Florida should gov-
ern. That was the unanimous determination of
the Senate in that cape.
Mr. SIMMONS. That m not the case in In-
diana. The constitution of Indiana prescribes
what shall be a quorum of each branch. There
may have been no such thing in Florida. If there
was no constitutional provision in Florida pre-
scribing that it should require two thirds of each
House to make a quorum, there would be no dif-
ficulty.
Mr. HALE. I was present when the Florida
case was settled, and I did not understand it as a
has now been stated. The question there was
whether an actual majority voted. 11 was no ques-
tion of organization atall. There wore some blank
ballots cast, and there was not a majority of the
whole number of members of the Legislature cast
for the contestant,Mr. Yulee, who claimed the
seat. He claimed that he had a majority, and the
fact whether he had a majority or not turned upon
the question whether blank ballots should be
counted or rejected. That was the simple ques-
tion in that case, mid there was no other point de-
cided in it. I have not seen the record since the
vote was taken, but my recollection is, that the
only question was whether blank votes should
be counted or not.
Mr. PUC-rH. Itcei tainly was a question whether
blank ballots should be counted; and now I will
show how material it is. Tne Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr Summer,] when first clected to
the Senate, received the vote of but half the mem-
bers of the Legislature; but,according to the usage
in Massachusetts, blank ballots were not counted.
The Senator from Rhode Island's predecessor
[Mr. James] was elected in the same way. Those
cases were examined, but according to the usage
of the State of Rhode Island, in their Legislature,
blank ballots were not counted, and therefore he
was elected. In the cose of the Senator from Flor-
ida, the contestant, Mr.Yui.ee, on the first ballot
received the votes of half the members of the Le-
gislature. All the ballots cast against hnn were
blanks, and he said he was elected, and he cited
the case from Massachusetts and the case from
Rhode Island to show that he was elected, because
nobody else was voted for. But the usage in the
Florida Legislature being to regard a blank ballot
as a vote against the affirmative, they went on,
had another ballot, and another, and finally Mr.
Mallory was chosen. That question came up
here; and we dccided that the usa^e of every State
Legislature should govern in all those proceed-
ings. That was the decision. That is all I claim
now. That is all the sitting members claim.
Mr. SIMMONS. I trust the Senator from Ohio
does not mean to say that that is a similar case to
this.
Mr. PUGH. The principle is the same.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, }rou can make a prin-
ciple out of anything; but you do not mean, where
there is a constitutional provision both in the Con-
stitution of the United States and the constitution
of the State, that you can override them by any
usage about counting blank ballots or not count-
ing them.
Mr. PUGH. I say the Constitution of the Uni
ted States does not requite the mode to bo pro-
vided by law. It may be provided by usage. As
to the other point, in regard to the quorum of two
thirds, the Senator did not certainly hear what I
said before, that it had been the established con-
struction of the constitution m the Legislature
of Indiana; and, aa I am assured, the opinion of
the attorney general and of the judges of the su-
preme court is to that effect, that the provision
requiring two thirds to make a quorum does not
apply to cases of election, but only to cases of
legislation. I do not know whether it is a correct
decision; but if it be so decided, it is material.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator from
Ohio inform me whether or not it has been tin:
usage of the Legislature of Indiana to elect m
convention, which convention is authorized by.,
concurrent vote of the two branches of the Legis-
lature prescribing the time when that convention
shall meet, and the purpose for which ?
Mr. PUGH. I cannot answer that question.
That is what I want to ascertain by testimony.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Cannot the Senator from
Indiana tell ?
Mr. SIMMONS. The record will show that.
I did not intend to enter into this debate atall. I
have not yet heard anybody intimate anything
by which the real legality of this election can be
chongcd by this evidence.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senators from Indiana, if they will answer the
question, whether or not heretofore the usage has
been in the Legislature of Indiana for the election
of Senators to be made in a convention appointed
by a concurrent vote of the two branches of the
Legislature, fixing the time and place, and other
requisites of the convention ?
Mr. BRIGHT. Until the formation of the new
constitution in Indiana, there was a law prescrib-
ing the time and manner of electing United States
Senators. That law was repealed. When the
Legislature, at which my colleague and myself
claim to have been elected, met, there was no law
in force regulating the election of Senators. The
practice under the old law was to bring the two
Houses together by a joint resolution, or a con-
current resolution of the two Houses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Had there been no elec-
tion since the new con>titution was formed?
Mr. BRIGHT. There had been no election of
Senator since the new constitution was formed.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. Then there was no usage.
Mr. BRIGHT. The usage prior to that time
was for the President of the convention to adjourn
it from time to time, or from day to day, with the
assent of the convention, as was the case when
my colleague and myseif were elected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That usage was during
the time the convention had been formed by a
concurrent vote of the two Houses ?
Mr. BRIGHT. That was the practice.
Mr. FES&ENDEN. That was the prelimin-
ary to getting together.
Mr. BRIGHT. That was the preliminary.
Mr. FITCH. I wish simply to state what I
presume the Senator from Maine is desirous of
ascertaining—to draw the distinction between the
law and the usage. Undertheold constitution the
law was, that the joint convention assembled by
joint resolution. The usage was, without any
law, that when in that convention the presiding
officer had arbitrary control over it of adjourning
it from time to time, and hour to hour, and he
nev«r would entertain a resolution from anybody.
