1792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
by consulting the feelings of gentlemen around the
Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know that I un-
derstand the gentleman aright. The truth is, Mr.
President, that the question of whether we will
proceed to the consideration of this report at this
' time, is a question in itself which will occasion
a great deal of debate; and it has already been
started on the'ground that we cannot properly take
up and consider a subject that we cannot properly
vote upon; and we cannot properly vote upon the
disposition of a bill, which bill we have not here.
It is not true that & committee of conference can
make two bills out of their report, and send one
to the Senate foraction, and another to the House
of Representatives for action. They can agree
upon a report, as they have in this instance, and
that report is part of the papers, and goes to the
House having the.bill. They may make dupli-
cate copies of their report, but that amounts to
nothing; for it is, after ail, one report, and one bill,
and it has not duplicated itself into two bills for
action in the two Houses at the same time. Now,
"without elaborating that point, I say it is a de-
batable subject whether we can properly proceed
to the consideration of this report now; and inas-
much as the question before us is, will we pro-
ceed now? and a motion is made to postpone that
question, the point is, is that motion in order? I
wish to know if this is decided by the Chair not
to be in order? for, if so, I shall appeal from the
decision, if it is m order, let us try it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
entertain the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, if he understands it.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is enough.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am not prepared to
rroceed now to the consideration of this subject.
declare in all sincerity to the Senate that my
object is not delay. It is a subject of great con-
sequence, and complicated by the proceedings of
the two branches of Congress. I have, to be sure,
a general recollection ot the amendment which I
offered; but I have not had an opportunity of com-
paring it with the substitute proposed for it. I am
not ready to pronounce my judgment upon this
subject; and, for the purpose of further deliber-
ation, I ask the postponement of this question for
a day or two, and I throw myself on the justice
and courtesy of the Senate to allow me that. It
is no great space of time that I require. I am not
prepared to proceed with the consideration of this
subject now; and I move that it be postponed
until Wednesday next.
Mr. GREEN called for the yeas and nays; and
they wore ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to know exactly the
motion that we are to vote upon. Is the question
considered as up now? or, a motion having been
made to proceed to the consideration of the report
of the committee, is that followed by a motion to
postpone the consideration of that? What is the
exact state of the question before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Delaware that the Sen-
ator from Missouri moved to postpone all prior
orders with a view of taking up this conference
report. A division of that motion was called for,
and the Senate voted to postpone the prior orders.
The question before the Senate prior to the mo-
tion now made by the Senator from Kentucky,
was, whether the Senate would proceed to the
consideration of the conference report? Pending
that question, the Senator from Kentucky moves
to postpone the consideration of the whole sub-
ject until Wednesday next at one o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. Then, as I understand it,
the motion to postpone is out of order, for this
reason: the pending motion of the Senator from
Missouri is to proceed to the consideration of the
report, and that report is not before us, and it
cannot be postponed until after it shall have been
taken up.
Mr. COLLAMER. That point has been de-
cided by the Chair, and no appeal has been taken.
Mr. BAYARD. If the Chair has decided that
the motion is in order, I shall say nothing fur-
ther; but it strikes me that it is an indirect mode
of settling the question. If you refuse to con-
sider, you postpone.
The question being taken on the motion to
postpone, by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 25,
nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Meosis. Bell, Brodeiidc, Cameron, Chandler.
Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas,
Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan,
King, Pugh, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright,
Brown, Clay, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Gvvin, Ham-
mond, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Mailovy, Mason, Polk, Sebastian,
Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Wrieht, and Yu-
lee—29. '
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, will the Senate proceed to the consideration of
this report?
Mr. DOUGLAS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
^ Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish to consume
time in discussing this question; but it seems to
me very extraordinary that we are asked to con-
sider and vote upon a question when, according
to the clear parliamentary law, as I think, the
question is not before us. The Senator from Ken-
tucky has just stated that he has not had an op-
portunity of comparing this substitute, reported
by this committee of conference, with the House
bill for which it is proposed to be substituted,
and with the Senate bill as we passed it. He de-
sires time to make that comparison; he is entitled
to have those bills before him, in order that the
comparison may be made. We are asked to adopt
a substitute for a bill that is not before us, and we
are not permitted to read the bill for which we are
to pass a substitute; we are not permitted to com-
pare their terms.
Now, sir, I respectfully submit that, when I am
called upon to vote for an amendment to a bill, it
is a matter of right that 1 shall have the amend-
ment read and the bill read which it is proposed
to amend. If the amendment applies to a single
section, I have a right to have the section read.
If it is proposed to strike out one section and in-
sert another, I have a right to insist upon the read-
ing of the section proposed to be stricken out and
the one proposed to be inserted. If we are not enti-
tled to that, how eau we vote intelligently on the
subject? I understand it to be a matter of right,
under the rules, to have them read. How can we
do it if they are not before us?
The proposition to proceed to the consideration
of the subject now involves that very question.
We shall be compelled to vote without the papers
before us, and when the papers are in the other
House. We are therefore to vote upon an amend-
ment to a bill that is not in the Senate at all, but
is in the House of Representatives, not only by
law but in fact.
I have always supposed that our rules were
made, and parliamentary law was made, to govern
the body. I have never supposed that I had any
more right to violate parliamentary law, and thus
limit the rights of the minority of the body, than
I had to decide wrongfully as a judge on the bench,
for partisan or any other simster purpose. I have
never yet, on questions involving parliamentary
law, or the rights of members under it, varied my
vote so as to conform to my political preference,
this way or that way. I hold that parliamentary
law must be observed, because it is made for the
protection of the members; it is the law of the
body, and therefore is binding on the judgment
and the conscience of each member of the body.
I take it for granted that if any member votes to
force us to the consideration of a bill that is not
here, he construes the parliamentary law that
way; but I humbly submit that the law does not
so read. The law is that a bill not here in fact,
is not here. We all recollect the discussion that
took place last Friday, when, in point of fact, this
bill was here for a few minutes, but in contem-
plation of law it belonged to the other House, and
accordingly was taken back there.
Now, sir, has not each member of this body
an undeniable right to have the bill that we are
amending before us ? Whenever I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill,
and the Secretary says the bill is not here, we
have to suspend until we can send for it and get
it. I may say 44 it is only a substitute that I pro-
pose;5' but the decision at once is that you can-
not proceed to consider the substitute until the
original bill is before the body. You have the
right to have the one read, and then the other;
consider each, and say whether you will substi-
tute the one for the other. Then what is the ob-
ject of denying us this right, or, if you choose so to
call it, this privilege? I think it is a right. Why
deny it to us? The House of Representatives, I
understand, has fixed upon Wednesday for voting
on the report.
Mr. TOOMBS. Out of order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not understand, that it
is out of order to speak of a fact having transpired
in the other House; but it is not in order to com-
ment on their proceedings, or to censure their ac-
tion. I have a right to speak of the fact that a bill
has been defeated, or has been passed, or has been
set down for action on a particular day in the other
House.* This measure has been set down for
action there on Wednesday. One day's delay
reaches that time. It only involves the delay of
a day* For what purpose is it that we are to be
rushed into a vote on this question without one
day to consider it? I do not think it is just; I do
not think it is fair. I certainly did not expect to
find the Senate denying the request of the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky—that venerable Sen-
ator who was here before some of the members of
this body were born; who served with distinction
in the Senate before some of those who now deny
him the right and privilege of comparing this sub-
stitute with his own bill were born. He rises here,
and says that he has not had the opportunity of
making that comparison; that he does not ask a
postponement in any factious spirit. The Senate
have in that Senator's character the assurance that
he is incapable of asking it for factious purposes,
for any sinister purposes, for any other object than
that which he announces; and that is, that he has
not had an opportunity of making that comparison
which is essential to enable him to vote intelli-
gently on the subject.
Then, Mr. President, I submit to the Senate
that this attempt should not be persisted in, when
it is seen that here is a large body of Senators, if
not an absolute majority, who conscientiously be-
lieve that it is wrong to press this matter; and
certainly the majority who are pressing it are not
unaware that they are notunanimous on the point
that they have the right to do it. They have mem-
bers on this floor who they cannot get to vote, be-
cause they are conscientious in the belief that it
is a matter of right to have the bill here before we
can act upon it. There is no party drill that can
bring them all up to it. It is a matter of conscien-
tious belief with many that this course of proceed-
ing violates parliamentary law. It is so with me.
1 do not believe you have any rightful authority
to force the Senate io a vote on this question until
the papers are here. Then, when it involves that
great principle, why not yield to it? We only ask
that it be thrown back one day. Why not yield
it when you see that there is no factious spirit?
There will doubtless be a debate on thisquestion;
a debate undoubtedly that will last a day, so that
you cannot hope to have a vote here before the
vote is taken in the House of Representatives.
Why not Jet us have the papers here and pro-
ceed regularly ? I am not able to discover the lea-
son, and as a precedent in legislation I think this
is dangerous.
The papers must be in one body or the other.
Wc must both agree to the passage of the same
law. The act passed in one body must be trans-
mitted to the other for its concurrence. It is not
competent for the Senator from Ohio to take one
copy of a biil and introduce it here, and for one
of his colleagues in the other House to introduce
an exact copy there, let each be passed, and then
say that it is a law. In that case although each
House has concurred in precisely the same bill,
word for word, you must exchange it and have
a vote on the same identical paper. When it
passes this House you must send the paper upon
which you act to the other House for concurrence;
and if that House precedes you in its action, it
must send here for concurrence the paper upon
which it acts. The vote must be taken in each
House on the same paper. I submit that it is not
competent for the House of Representatives to
make concurrence there on their report, and for
us to make it here leaving the papers there. The
vote should be taken there; and then when they
have voted, they should send here the report upon
which they have voted, accompanied by the bill
of the Senate and the House substitute, for us to
vote upon those papers; otherwise, you are going
to pass as a law that in which both Houses have
not concurred; you propose that this House shall
vote on one piece of paper, and the other House
on another piece of paper. I submit that that can-
