1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
though he was, because I believed he stood on
rjo-ht. I did not then inquire into th > qualifica-
tions, elections, or returns of members of the Iowa
Legislature; but I held that they were m conven-
tion, that the adjournment of the convention was
le^ali and that even if it had been illegal he was
elected by persons legally entitled to elect a mem-
ber of this body.
Now, I desire to know whether, in Indiana, men
have been inducted into office as members of the
State Senate illegally, by a mob, in violation of
the Constitution and of right. I desire to hear
testimony on that point. Thataccusation is made.
I have always understood the opponents of a mo-
tion to continue for want of materiality, to admit
the facts. It is a deniuner to the evidence; it ad-
mits the truth of the evidence. If you admit the
truth of the allegations of the sitting members, I
am ready for a decision now. If you put this on
legal principles, the demurrer admits the facts de-
murred to. If these facts be demurred to, I am
ready for the issue, and I presume the Senate is.
If, contrary to the constitution, and contrary to
the law, with the fraudulentintention of defeating
an election, they brought in three persons who
were not entitled to be inducted into office, I am
ready to meet the issue. I stand on the same
principles in Kansas, Iowa, and Indiana. I put
it on the same great principles. The House
must determine for itself, but we must determine
whether it is a Legislature. Suppose Senators
should be sent up here by a body claiming to be
a Legislature under the Topeka constitution: they
may have as fair a record as the others. All they
have to do, according to the Senator from Illi-
nois, is to make the record fair, and that is not to
be inquired into—show it m print, and it is suffi-
cient. I am bound by no record if there be an
allegation of fiaud. It is said these three men
were legally sworn m. If that, on inquiry, turn
out to be true, there is an end of the point. If the
statement he makes be true, that is an end of that
point. If it is not true, it controls myjudgment,
and is an additional reason for giving this seat
where it ought to go, according to the laws of the
United States, and according to the rights of In-
diana.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the Senator from
Georgia sits down, I wish to ask him a question
in regard to a position he takes—not that I mean
to debate the question. Does he hold that an elec-
tion by a majority of the members of the two
branches when they are assembled, makes a good
election, no matter how they get together?
Mr. TOOMBS. It does make a difference if
they get together fraudulently, with an intent to
deceive. Such circumstances would control me.
If they get together privately, without notice, it
would control me. The right is subject to a great
many limitations. I say I will look at the circum-
stances; and I ask the Senate to criticise closely
for some means by which to give to those men,
entitled by the Constitution and laws to elect Sen-
ators, the free exercise of that right.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thesubstanceof my ques-
tion is, whether the Senator holds that no legis-
lative action is necessary in order to make a con-
vention for that purpose legal ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do, and always have held it.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. BIGGS rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nizes the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. BIGGS. I presume we shall not be able
to take a vote now; and I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will abstain from saying
anything if we can get the question.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to, there
being on a division—ayes 18, noes 21.
Mr. STUART. I have only a few words to
say on this subject. I have sat here all day lis-
tening with pleasure to Senators who urged the
necessity of prompt action on this subject, and I
barely wish to suggest that, perhaps, if we were
to take a vote on the questions that are presented,
we should satisfy the whole Senate by the prompt-
ness of our action. I hope that we shall vote at
once, and determine what shall be done on this
question. I only suggest that, in my view of it,
we should pass this resolution, inasmuch as the
committee recommend it—it is the organ of the
body—limiting the time within which the testi-
mony should be taken,and specifying the objects
for which it should be taken. The committee
ought to be able to designate to the Senate what
facts are necessary to be ascertained. Direct the
inquiry to those particular facts, and limit the
time within which they shall be inquired into,
and I shall vote for the resolution. 1 hope that
will be done.
Mr. GREEN. It has been intimated that the
majority of the Judiciary Committee have not ex-
pressed any particular reason why they desire to
have this evidence. Being on that committee, I
will say that I desire it, and I desire to have it for
this reason; if we cannot go behind a record at all,
then the two sitting members are here legally and
beyond all possibility of expulsion. They bring
a record on which they are admitted and on which
they take their seats. The protectants say that
that record is not true, that there are certain other
things which invalidate that record. The sitting
members say that the allegations made by the pro-
testants are not correct, and that the reference
they make to a so-called record of the Senate of
the State of Indiana is not correct. Gluestions of
fact in each case look behind the record. If the one
can be inquired into, so can the other; and no re-
spectable fawyerin this body will assert that when
fraud is imputed to any record, it may not be in-
quired into.
I know it has been said lieic in debate that by
the constitution of the State of Indiana nothing
was a Senate but two thirds of its members. If ,
so, the three members of whom so much has been
said were sworn in illegally; there never was a
Senate to admit them; there never was a Senate
to do any act, to electa presiding officer,and the
man who dared to take the chair not being the
Lieutenant Governor appointed by the constitu-
tion was guilty of a usurpation. Who put him
there? Each House may choose its own pre-
siding officer in the absence of the officer desig-
nated by the constitution. What is the House?
The objcctorssay that nothing constitutes the Sen-
ate but a majority of two thirds. You never had
it, and consequently you never had a presiding
officer, and the swearing in of the three Senators
was null and void.
Mr. COLLAMER. All the Senate were there
regularly, except those three.
Mr. GREEN. Were they in that organiza-
tion? To be present at a place does not constitute
a man a part of its organization.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Lieutenant Governor
was there presiding, and they were all sworn in.
Mr. GREEN. 1 understand. I haw intended
mass meetings, and I have attended the meetings
of Congress. If one half this body refuse to par-
ticipate, but stand aloof, and never come forward,
and the other half choose to throw themselves into
an organic shape, if they do not do it according
to the Constitution and the law, without reference
to the others, it is null and void.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me to interrupt him. The Journal
shows that on the swearing in of one of these three
members, the yeas and nays were taken—the
Lieutenant Governor presiding—and the vote was
28 to 19. He does not certainly contend that that
was not a Senate.
Mr. GREEN. At what time was that?
Mr. TRUMBULL*. On the same day.
Mr. GREEN. After dinner, was it not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes.
Mr. GREEN. I remember it all distinctly. I
am taken by sui prise in nothing in regard to this
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was before the election
of United States Senators.
Mr. GREEN. Yes; but how? Did twenty of
them get in before dinner? That is what fixes
the time when the two illegally got in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator takes that
view, the Senate was never organized; and how
can he maintain that the sitting Senators here
were elected ? It would require a Senate, I sup-
pose, to elect them.
Mr. GREEN. I am answering an argument
that has been made on the other side, that nothing
• less than two thirds could constitute a Senate to
I do anything. I say that is not a correct position,
i A majority of the members present may do cer-
I tain things, and make themselves an organicbody,
I though the constitution may say, m express
; words, that two thirds shall constitute a quorum
I to do certain legislative business.
' What is a Senate ? The constitution says fifty
members, a majority of whom are the body; but
when the constitution requires a specific number
for certain legislative purposes, that number must
be there. When it has no reference to those spe-
cific purposes, the majority of the members pres-
ent is the Senate; and so far as this record is
concerned, the Senator from Illinois need not read
that, for he knows full well that as he attacks the
record on which the sitting members rely, the
sitting members attack the record on which the
objectors rely. Here is an equal case, both of
which demand evidence. The Constitution of the
United States leaves ifc to the States to fix the time,
place, and manner of choosing Senators in Con-
gress; reserving, however, the privilege of exer-
cising two of these powers—the manner and the
time; saying expressly that, as to the place, Con-
gress shall never interfere; but Congress has
never deemed it proper to exercise either one of
those powers, still leaving it with the State. It is
admitted that the constitution of Indiana is silent
on the subject; it is admitted they have no law on
the subject. If they have no law and no consti-
tutional provision, it is a matter which rests on
parol. How ought you to do it? According to
the custom, or the common law, on that subjeet
in the State of Indiana, it is a matter that rests on
parol.
Perhaps I shall be answered by saying that the
joint convention kept a record, and that the record
of that joint convention will prove it. I answer
no, it will not prove it, and for this palpable rea-
son: any record kept not according to the consti-
tution or law, is no more than my word or my
recorded statement, or any writing by any man;
and there is no part of the constitution of Indiana,
or of the Constitution of the United States, that
requires a record to be kept in joint convention.
If they kept a record in joint convention, it is no
record in a legal, technical case; it is simply a
putting down on paper, as any individual would
have a right to do, and as the paper from which
the Senator from Illinois read, did, published in
the town of Indianapolis. It is no legal record
unless kept in pursuance of some provision of law
or of the constitution, and hence the custom of In-
diana cannot be proven by any record.
We then want parol evidence for two purposes:
first, to prove the custom, to prove the habit, to
prove the heretofore existing manner; and, second,
as the sitting members believe, to attack even tho
record of the State Senate, and prove that that is
a falsehood: in other words, that what purports
to be a record of the Senate was not the act of the
S.'inte,and that half a dozen men getting together,
a-'h'i nig up what they call a record, does not pre-
clude us from inquiring into the fact, whether that
is a record of a branch of the Legislature of In-
diana. It is true, that, not being attacked, the
presumption would be that it was the record; but
when it is attacked, it is competent for us to in-
quire in to it, and see whether it be true, or not true;
and that is all this resolution proposes. We do
not prejudge this case; we do not pretend to say
there ever was a Senate in the State of Indiana;
| but we do say a case is presented requiring inves-
; ligation, and that it is legally competent to take
| evidence to ascertain the facts putin issue. That
is all I say; and I therefore have expressed my
hearty concurrence in this resolution. I rose sim-
ply for the purpose of stating that it met my pre-
vious concurrence in the committee.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg leave to suggest to the
honorable the Senate of the United States, that we
| are here about fifty in number, and, with the ex-
| caption of half a dozen, I think, all of us are, or
\ have been, lawyers, and many of us judges. We
' have spent four hours upon this question, and I
wish to submit whether tne Senate does not think
that any court in Christendom would have been
able to arrive at a conclusion before this or by this
time as to the question whether we are ready to
give our judgment now on this case, or should
postpone it for the purpose of taking some other
evidence. I hope we may have the question.
Mr. HUNTER. It is manifest that the Senate
is not full; and when a vote is taken on a question
of this nature the seats ought to be filled. J move
that the further consideration of the subject be
postponed until to-morrow, at some hour which
may be convenient: I suggest one o'clock. [Very
well.] „ , _
Mr. SEWARD. I will state, before the Senate
adjourns, that if the amendment proposed by the
