1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
fcsiSf
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not intend to ask a
separate vote by yeas and nays on this amend-
ment; but I desire to say to the House that it is
intended to cover those case* in our diplomatic
corps where the appointments were rnadeunder the
act of 1855, and the service's rendered under the act
of 1856. Thecaseof ourMinisteratMexico, and
perhaps a consul at Dublin, are the only ones to
be affected by this amendment; and I hope, that
as they are both meritorious, they may be pro-
vided for.
Mr. BURNETT. This is the last amendment,
and I understand that when we have passed it
there will be nothing further before the House to
vote on. J move [hen to lay ihe amendment upon
the table. My object is to kill the bill. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I understood
the Chair to decide, at a former period of this
session, that a motion to lay upon the table an
amendment, being incident to the principal, was
not in order. As these amendments are merely
incidental to the bill, is it in order now to move
to lay an amendment upon the table, and carry
the principal wiih ii?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will remem-
ber that, on the occasion to which he refers, the
House was acting; upon amendments fiom the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion,
and before the bill was engrossed. The pending
propositionsbeforeihe House noware the amend-
ments of the Senate; and it is one of the par-
liamentary modes of disposing-of the biil in this
stage to move to lay the amendment upon the
table.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. If it was not
in order on a bill which had not passed this
House, the argument that it is not in order ap-
plies with greater force, I think, where a bill has
passed tins House, and received the sanction of
the coordinate bianch.
Mr. KELSEY. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER, ft is not. The Chair is of
the opinion that it is perfectly competent for the
gentleman from Kentucky to move to lay the
amendment upon the table.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 68, nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andrew?, Avejv, Burnett, Burns Cas-
kie, Ezia Clark, JuUri 13. Olaik, Clemens. Cob!), Coltax,
Ciasrin, Cmry, Davis of Maijland, Dawes., Dean, Dewait.
Dodd, DowdeJl, Elliott, Fenton, Garnrtt, Gaitrell, Gilhs,
Grander, Uiovv. Ha$?kin, Hatch, Hoard, Hopkins, Houston,
Hughes, Ji'vv,-(t, George VV. Joue>, ItoUev, Kn.ipp, JLetehei,
Lovejov, Humphrey Mai>hall. Ma--on, Mattes^on, Mavnard,
I-aac N. Moms, Mott, Niehol*, Pendleton, Pike, Pottle,
Ready, Reagan, Ruffin, Sandidgo, Savage, Scales, Sickles,
William Smith, Spinner, Stevenson,Talbot, 'filacer,Tomp-
kins, Underwood, Walbndjje, Waldion, Elhhu B. Wa&h-
burne. Woodson, John V. Wright, and Zollicofler—68.
NAYS—Abbott, Adiain. Arnold, Bnrksdalc, Bing-
ham. Bocock, Bowie, fira>ton, Buffinton. Buihngame,CabP,
Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Chapman, Hoi ace F. Claik,(dawson,
Clay, (-lark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Coekcrill, Co-
mnis, Corning. Oovode, Cox, James Craig, Ciawfoid, Cur-
tis Davis of (ud.ana. Davn of Mi^issippi, Davis of Massa-
chusetts Davis ot Jowa, Durfee, Edie, Faulkner, Floienee,
Foley, Foster, Giddiug^, Gilmer. Gooch, Goode, Groe-beek,
Lawrence VV. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Hnrns. Hawkins,
Horton, Howard. Huyler, Jackson, j. Glancy Jones, Owen
Jones, KeliOffg, Keliv, Kilgore, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C.
Kunkel, Laifdv, LeitVr, Maclay, ftjillsnn, Moigan. Moirill,
Edwaid Joy Morris, Freeman H. Moise, Oliver A. Moise,
Mui ray, Niblaek, Palmer, Parker, Peyton, John S. Phelps,
William W. Phelps Phillip?, Potter. Puivianee, Quitman,
Redly, Rieoud, Ritchie, Rohbms, Robeits Royce, Ru^ell,
Scott, Stanton, Stephens William Stewart,Tappan,Geor<je
Tavlor. Miles Taylor, Wade, Walton, Ward,Israel Wash-
buin, White, Whitclev, Wilson, Wintlow, Wood, Worten-
dyke, and Augustus It. Wright—102.
So the motion to lay upon the table was disa-
greed to.
Pending the above call of the roll,
Mr. NICHOLS stated that, as the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] voted against the
bill, he would also vote against it, to favor, during
this session, at least one Administration measure.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a non-con-
currcnce in the amendment.
Mr. CRAWFORD demanded tellers.
Tellers were otdered; and Messrs. Clark of
Connecticut, and Hawkins, were appointed.
Mr. STANTON. The amendment was non-
concurred in by.the committee, on my sugges-
tion that it was general legislation. _ I knew
nothing in the world about the merits of the
claim.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 91, noes 46.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to recon-
sider the votes on all the amendments; and also
move to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. HUGHES. I want to move a reconsid-
eration of the last amendment, and I was upon
the 'floor as soon as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
The SPEAKER. There is a parliamentary
courtesy, as well as propriety, in the Chair's
recognizing the Chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, on the occasion, to make a
motion to reconsider votes appertaining to the
appropriation bills; and the Chair has only fol-
lowed ihaf course in the present instance.
Mr- HUGHES. But the gentleman made a
monoi>not in order,unless by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order, but
the gentleman from Indiana has a right to a sep-
arate vote on each amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask for a separate vote; and
I move tliat the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
upon the table the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the last amendment was concurred in;
and it w.js agreed to.
Mr. CLEMENS. I demand a separate vote
on each amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I see no reason why the mo-
tion to reconsider should be pending, and I would
suggest that it be withdrawn.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I withdraw my
motion; and move that the iulcs be suspended,
and the House lesolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, on the
loan bill.
WILLBTT'S POINT COMMITTEE.
Mr. IIASKIN. The pending motion in order
is my motion to suspend the rules, in order that
the Wdlett's Point special committee may sub-
mit the testimony and statements of its members.
I send to the Chair an extract from the journal of
the committee.
Mr. HUGHES objected.
The Clerk read as follows:
June 7, 1858.
On motion of the. chairman, the following preamble and
resolution^ woie unammou-ly adopted :
The views ol the several members ofthte committee not
agreeing so a-? to enable ihem to join in a majonty report
on the facts and circumstances leferred to and inquired into
before them:
Resolved, That the several members of the committee be,
and they are hereby, authorized to repoit to the Hou<e a
statement or lepoit of their views and conclusions upon
l the subject refei red.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to inquire how it is
that an amendment sent up by myself could not
be reported when objection was made; and that
this has been reported over my objection?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has pending a motion to suspend the rules,
and the House could not vote on that until the
paper was lead. It is read that the House may
determine whether or not it will suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. HASKIN. I move, then, that the state-
ments and the testimony taken be ordered to be
printed; and on that I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would inquire
whether there is a majority report in this case?
Mr. HASKIN. There is no majority report.
There are some four separate reports. My mo-
tion is, that the testimony and reports be printed,
and that their consideration be postponed until
Thursday next at one o'clock.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
I understand the rules were suspended to allow
the gentleman from New York to make a leport.
I respectfully submit that the paper which he
presented is neither a report nor a resolution, nor
anything upon which this House can take action.
It is but an extract from the journal of the com-
mittee.
Mr. HASKTN. It is a report from the com-
mittee, and was acted upon by the committee.
Mr. RUSSELL. I desire to amend the gen-
tleman's motion. I wish to substitute u Wednes-
day" for (t Thursday."
Mr. HASKIN. I should have no objection to
that.
The SPEAKER. The Chairis of opinion that
the paper last read brings the matter before the
House; that it is the action of a majority of the
committee in referring the subject back to the
House without being able to concur in any rec-
ommendation to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I understood correctly the
reading $f the extract from the journal, it could
not be held to be a report from a committee. In
cases of this sort, where the committee divide up,
so that there is no majority report, there mustbe
a report ordered by a majority of the committee.
In this case it was not done.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman's own commit-
tee, the Judiciary Committee, stood precisely in
the same position. They stood four to four, and
he reported the fact to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. In the case to which the gen-
tleman refers, the committee were evenly divided,
and they passed a resolution instructing their
chairman to report the fact of disagreement to the
House,accompanied by the resolutions which had
been voted upon in committee, but lost because
of an equal division. They also instructed their
chairman to ask the permission of the House to
make written reports to the House. So I made
a unanimous report of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary to the House.
Mr." BOCOCK. I would ask the gentleman
from New York whether he was directed by the
committee to make this report?
Mr. IiASKlN I make the report as a report
from the committee, in the shape of that resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say to the
gentleman from Alabama, that he does not per-
ceive any material difference between the case
which he presented a few days ago and the case
presented now. The gentleman from New York
states that he has been authorized by his commit-
tee to present this report to the House in this
shape.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I withdraw my objec-
tion to it, because the statement of the gentleman
from New York meets the objection I had.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is the testimony
included in that resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is not; but the Chair
understands that it is also orally reported. ^ The
question is on seconding the previous question on
the motion that the views of the respective minor-
ities be printed, and that their consideration be
postponed until Thursday next at one o'clock.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman from New
York will withdraw his demand long enough to
move to substitute the first Tuesday of December
next, I would be very much obliged to him.
Mr. RUSSELL. We have agreed to adjourn
on Thursday, and therefore I move to substitute
" Wednesday."
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the reportof the
| committee be laid on the table, and the committee
K be discharged from the further consideration of
'[ the subject.
jj The motion was not agreed to.
(i The previous question was then seconded,and
the mam question ordered.
]' Mr. QUITMAN. I wish the gentleman from
\\ New York would allow me to state an objection
j| which I have to the printing of the reports. This
I1 is no report of a majority of the committee, and
], I do not know but private characters may be in-
!! jured by printing all these several views of the
members of the committee. I am therefore op-
■! posed to printing the evidence or report till they
are acted upon. Evidence ought not to be pub-
lished by the order of the House'which may af-
fect a man's character.
Mr. HUGHES. I renew the motion to lay
the whole subject on the table.
The'question was taken; and the motion was
. not agreed to.
; The question recurred on Mr. Haskis's prop-
.i osition that the reports and testimony be pi mud,
■ and their consideration postponed till Thursday
'! at twelve o'clock, m.
i| Mr. FLORENCE. Thatis thehour ofadjourn-
,! ment.
'i Mr. RUSSELL. I hope that Wednesday will
!| be substituted for Thursday.
!j Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order,
ij The House has determined to adjournal twelve
