THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
q'cl,ock> on Thursday, and it is not in order to
postpone a matter till the hour of adjournment,
or till one hour after the House adjourns.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order raised by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. The Chair thinks it perfectly competent
for the House to postpone the consideration till
Thursday, or the 1st of July, or the 1st of De-
cember.
Mr. LETCHER. I know it can be postponed
till any time when the House is in session; but
wq have determined to adjourn on Thursday, and
it is not competent to postpone it to any time after
that.
Mr. GROW. From the objections that are
made on that side of the House, I should think
that they would want the subject postponed till
some day the House is not in session.
Mr. HOPKINS, I appeal to the chairman of the
committee to fix no day for its consideration, but
simply to make the motion to print, and leave it
to either side of the House to call up the question
whenever they desire.
Mr. HASKIN. I accept the proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia to fix no time. My only
object is to have the papers brought before the
House and printed.
The question was taken on Mr. Haskin's prop-
osition as modified; and it was agreed to.
Mr. HASKIN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the proposition was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself in to the Committee of the Whole 011 the state
of the Union, to take up the loan bill.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I move thatthe House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past eight o'clock, p. m.) the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 9,1858.
Prayer by Rev. Henry I. Kershaw.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a letter of the chief clerk of the Court of Claims
in answer to a resolution of the Semite requesting
the return of the petition and pnpois of Michael
Hanson, stating that the papei s had alirady born
transmitted to the House of Representatives. The
letter was oidered to lie on the table.
CORRECTION OP ERRORS.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Wheieas, it appears l v the Jouimi! of the Senate iluit
JfotiM' hill (Nu. lortlii- H'licf'of Uo-vueM jVTin.tid, (.ithei
of Thcoiloto iVImani, derensed, the rtcnan' 011 the
4Ul day of June, iiir-i.uit, with an amendment ; and wheietn
said hill w:i«, by mistake, < i roneou-ly iopoi ted to the Motive
of Representative^, on the siuic dav, as hnvimj passed th« i
Senate without amendment, and h,n been enrolled and
signed by the Trending Olftccn 01 both Houses ot Oongie-?-;,
ami the said emollment of said bill is void, the >amo never
having beun parsed by both Houses of Congress : There-
fore,
Resolved, Thatthe President of the Senate be, and herebv
is , authorised to cancel lus signature upon said enrolled
bill, and that the same be returned to the Hou^e, and tiie j
Hoiw; of Repie-eniauves be respectfully UMjuested to ati-
thoii/.e the Speaker of the House oi'lte|)ie?emauvPs to enn-
cel Jii^ "ignntiue upon said entolled bill, and return to the
.Senate the ensjro^ed bill, to enable the Senate to correct
its leport to the House ot Repie.senutives.
Mr. DOOLITTLK submitted the following \
resolution; which was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Whereas, it appear*, by the Journal of the Senate, that
House hill (No. Ut!7) for the tehef of Timothy L. O'Keefb'e
was indefinitely postponed by the Senate,on the 4lhd<iyof
June mutant; and wheiea^, said bill was, by mi&inike, 01-
roneou-dy reported to the House as having parsed the Sen-
ate, and ha? been enrolled and signed bv the PiesidingOlli-
cersofbotli Hou?e^ of Congress ; and the said enrollment
of said bill is void, the same never having been passed by
both Houses of Congress : Theiefoie,
Rewired, That the President of the SnnntP be, and heie-
by is, authorized to coireet ins signature upon said emoiled
bill, and that the same be returned to the House of llepte-
sentative.'.and thatthe Iloiiseofltepre-sentaiives be le&pect-
fuliy requested to authorize the Speaker ot the House of
Representatives to cancel his signature upon said entolled
bill, and to return to the Senate the cngros^d bill, to enable
the Senate to correct its report to the House of Represent-
atives.
The Vice President canceled his signature on
these two bills, and a message was afterwards
received from the House of Representatives, an-
nouncing that the Speaker, by authority of the
House, had canceled his signature thereto, and
returning the engrossed bills in each case to the
Senate, so that it might correct its report in re-
gard to them.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee 011 Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
561) making appropriations for the support of
three regiments of volunteers, authorized by the
act of Congress, approved 7th April, 1858, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the memorial of
the Magnetic Telegraph Company, and of the
New England Union Telegraph Company, pray-
ing the enactment of a law which will prevent
combinations between citizens or companies in
the United States, and monopolists or companies
out of the United States, for the purpose of op-
pressing telegraph companies, and monopolizing
the business of telegraphing in the United States,
and to enable all telegraph lines in the United
States to form connections with all telegraph lines
approaching their borders on terms of perfect
equality, presented March 31; a memorial of the
American Telegraph Company in answer to the
memorial of the Magnetic Telegraph Company,
and the New England Union Telegraph Com-
pany, and remonstrating against the prayer of
their memorial being granted, presented April
22; a memorial of the Magnetic and New England
Union Telegraph Companies in reply to the re-
monstrance of the American Telegraph Company,
correcting the numerous errors and fallacies of the
latter company, and embracing also an act of the
British Parliament reorganizing the Atlantic Tel-
egraph Company deemed to be inconsistent with
(he act of Congress to encourage their enterprise;
and of the Atlantic Telegraph, and requiring ad-
ditional legislation by Congress, presented May
28, submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed; and asked, to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of T. P. ShalFner, of
Kentucky, praying for an amendment of the act
of Congress approved March 3,1857,entitled "An
act to expedite the telegraphic communication,
for the use of the Government," so that the sub-
sidy granted by that net shall be general in its
application to all Atlantic ocean telegraph lines,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 448) to repeal an act
entitled "An act to expedite telegraphic commu-
nication for the uses of the Government in its
foreign intercourse," approved March 3, 1857,
reported it without amendment, and submitted an
adverse report; which was ordeted to be printed.
He also, from tiie same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 55) to regulate
fees and costs to be allowed marshals, district at-
torneys, clerks of courts, jurors, and witnesses,
in the State of California, and in the Territories
of Oregon and Washington, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the petition of
Thomas Allen and others, praying that certain
laud olllces in the State of Missouri, about to be
closed under authority of law, may be consoli-
dated at St. Louis, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to;
the committee having alieady reported a bill on
the subject.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a resolution of in-
struction as to the propriety of abolishing land
offices under certain circumstances, report that, in
their opinion, the existing laws as to the discon-
tinuance of land offices are ample; but legislation
is necessary in regard to the deposits of papers
in States where all the land offices may be closed.
1 am, therefore, instructed by the committee to
repoit a bill (S. No. 449) authorizing the transfer
to State authorities of the books, papers, &c., of
discontinued land districts, under certain circum-
stances.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to some,
and disagreed to other amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 200) making appropria-
tions for certain civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1858.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER the Senate in-
sisted on its amendments to the bill *(H. R. No.
200) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1859, disagreed to by the House,
and asked a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses; and Messrs.
Hunter, Fessenden, and Bigler, were ap-
pointed.
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
resentatives announced that the House insisted
on its disagreement to certain amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 200) making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1859, and upon its amendments to certain other
amendments of the Senate to the said bill, and
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon;
and had appointed Mr. JohnS. Phelps, Mr. Wil-
liam A. Howard, and Mr. Henry M. Phillips,
managers at the same on its part.
COURTS IN TEXAS.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
647) to change the time of holding the spring term
of the district court of the United States for the
western district of the State of Texas, report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage. As it is a matter which relates solely
to the interests of the State of Texas, and is one
of those bills that always pass Congress summa-
rily without objection, I ask that the bill be put
on its passage at once.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that hereafter the term of the dis-
trict court for the western district of Texas, held
at Tyler, on the first Monday in March of each
year, shall be held on the fourth Monday m April.
The bill was reported to the Senate,ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES D. MAXWELL.
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on Naval
A ft airs have instructed me to report a joint reso-
lution (S\ No. 51) explanatory of an act for the
relief of Dr. Cbailea 1). Maxwell, a surgeon in
the United States Navy. Tiie art to which this
resolution refers has not been construed accord-
ing to the design of both Houses by the officers
of the Treasury. The object is simply to coiiect
their construction; and 1 ask the courtesy of the
Senate to pass the resolution now, because I am
told by the Naval Committee of the House of
Representatives that it will pass there if it gets
through here.
The joint resolution was reacl twice by unan-
imous consent, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It proposes to require the accounting officers to
pay to Charles D. Maxwell, under the act for his
relief, approved March 20, 1858, the difference
between the pay of a passed assistant surgeon and
the pay which the surgeon whom he relieved on
board the ship Cyane would have received if he
had not been so relieved, fiom December 22,1845,
to July 7, 1848, during which time Dr. Maxwell
performed the duties of surgeon and assistant sur-
geon on board the vessel.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Cleik, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 319) for the
relief of Benjamin Sayre, in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
Also, that the House hadpasSfcd the bill of tl^e
Senate (S. No. 127) to repeal the fifth section of
an act entitled u Au act to authorize the register
