1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2821
or enrollment and liccnsc to be issued in the
name of the president or secretary of any incor-
porated company owning asteamboator vessel,"
approved March 3, 1825.
Also, that the House had concurred in the res-
olution of the Senate for terminating the present
session of Congress by an adjournment on Mon-
day, the 14th of June, at twelve o'clock, m.
Also, that the House had passed a joint resolu-
tion (H. 11. No. 9) authorizing the Postmaster
General to revise and adjust the accounts of Har-
ris & Morgan, on principles of justiceand equity;
also,
A bill (H. R. No. 610) for the relief of Wil-
liam S Bradford; in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the U nited States had approved and signed,
the 8th instant, the following acts:
An act for the rehef of Judith Nott;
An net for the relief of Peter Parker;
An act for the rehef of Thomas Hasam and B.
S. Brewster;
An act for the rehef of Dr. Ferdinand 0. Mil-
ler;
An act for the relief of Cornelius II. Latham;
An act for the relief of John B. Roper; I
An act for the relief of David Biucu; j
An act for the relief of the heirs of Richard Tar- ,
vin; and i
An act for the relief of Dr. Thomas Antisell. ;
SUPPLEMENTAL INDIAN BILL. j
Mr. STUART. A bill has been reported by '
the Committee on Military Affairs which is very
important to my State, granting the right of way ^
to a certain raihoad ovor the military reservation ;
at Fort Gratiot. It will not create debate, and I ,
hope the Senate will indulge me by taking it up
and passing it.
Mr. 1VEESON. I have some reports to make.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to Senators that if
they will allow me to have the appropriation bills j
taken up, I think we can get through with them j
x to-day, and there will be ample time left to take !
up and consider other bills while the appropna- !
tion bills are maturing m committees of confer- 1
ence.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to have a bill passed
which is really a mere matter of form.
Mr. HUNTER.. There are ten or twelve gen-
tlemen who have hills to call up, and if I yield to
one, [ mi«"ht as wel! abandon my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to talcing up the appropriation b.ll s.
Mr. HUNTER.. I propose to substitute the
supplemental Indian appropriation bill instead of
the mail steamer hill, which was taken up last
night. The chairman of the Committee on Indian
Allans is ready to go on with it, and I think we
can get through with u expeditiously.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,
proce eded to consular flie bill (II. R. No. 557)
making supplemental appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment,and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1859.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I suggest that we dispense
with the reading of the bill, which is long, unless
some Senator desires to hoar it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to that course.
Mr'. SEBASTIAN. I have a number of amend-
ments to offer from the Committee on Indian Ai-
fairs. The first is to add to the bill:
To enable the Secretory of the Inferior to peiform the en-
gagements and stipulations of General Harney made with
the Sioux Indians at i'oit Pierre, m 18o6, $72.0U0.
That engagement of General Harney, which
' was in the nature of a military capitulation with
the Sioux Indians, whom he brought to terms in
3856, has never been redeemed by the Govern-
ment to this day. J suppose it is too late to ques-
tion the policy of these engagements. It is suffi-
cient to say that the honorand taith of^he United
States were committed to these Indians in the
most solemn and formal manner, and the Presi-
dent of the United States, so far from repudiating
the engagement, has recommended that Congress
should regard it as of binding obligation on the
Government. We have taken the very lowest
estimate which has been made. There arc two
different estimates made out by Mr. Mix, and
this is the most economical one. It is necessary
to redeem an engagement of the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer another amend-
ment:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to adjust differ-
ences and preserve peace witii the Cut-head and Yancton-
aise bauds of Sioux Indians, $'-25,000.
The Department have asked for $100,000 to
enable them to pacify these Indians, who are war-
like and discontented bands of Sioux, who receive
a very inconsiderable annuity of sixty cents a
year. The discontents of these Indians, and their
claims against the Government, arise out of a
treaty made in 1853 with four other bands in Min-
nesota, by which no provision was made for them.
They set up an undefined claim to the coded coun-
try. "They have uigod tins claim so strongly that
they have always appeared at the pay ground
annually, and have cocrced the annuity Indians
to divide their annuities wit h them. They are the
same Indians who drove offjho white settlers and
burnt their houses last year. They are threaten-
ing now, according to the accounts, to return, in
large numbers, m the nature of a military expe-
dition, this year, and burn the houses of the set-
tlers, unless their demands be acceded to. We j
propose to appropriate the small amount of $23,000
out of $100,000 asked by the Department to en-
able the Secretary of the interior to take such
precautionary measures as may be needed to ad- I
just these deferences and give these Indians some .
assurance that their claim will be piopeily looked '
int'->. j
The amendment was agreed to. i
- Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend- j
ment, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, as j
an additional section: j
Siir. 2 Jl-nd he it finfker enacted, Thar the Secretary of j
the fnU'iioi in hereby authorized to ie)en*e the Amencan j
Boaul of Commi^s-ioncis lot Poic^n Missions ftoin their j
obligation, under the fourth aihcle of the Chejokee ireaty, i
to e\p'Mnl the o' the Union and Harmony IMi^-iou !
rcsc vat ion, awarded iluun. unon s-elionis anion gthe G-iipes j
and in linpioving then condition Provide!. That the Sec- i
iet<iiv of use InUMiot n).ij,at iu> di-eietion, dnect uh.it
other destitute tube or tubes. m winch Mild money -h<\ii be
expended bv sa'd li'tatd, loi U!vo pu:po>e-., <md mak'' sueh
r-'iriilanon- a* -hall secure the piopei and faithiul applica-
tion or t.ud lurid.
This proposes no appropriation from the Treas-
ury. There is in the Treasury $18,000 belonging
to this board which the fourth article of the treaty
of 1835 required them to expend for the purpose
of establishing schools among the Osage Indians.
When they attempted to comply with that, they
found the ground preoccupied. The Osages re-
fused to establish tlie schools. They now ask us
to relieve them from the obligation to expend the
money anions? the Osages, and to allow them to
expend it elsewhere. The amendment provides
that the Secretary of the Interior shall indicate
what other tribe they shall expend the money
upon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 ofler a further amend-
ment:
Foi compenration of five extn el rki employed in the
Indian uiftru under thf a«-t of 3d of March, I^.m, and under
appropnations made fjom year to year, $7,000.
That is the usual appropriation, but it has been
casually omitted in the estimates for a number of
years. It is for the pay of clerks employed on
work called the files and records of the land de-
partment of the Indian office. They are indis-
pensable, and the omission of the item in the an-
nual estimates was entirely accidental.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer two amendments
for ascertained deficiencies n\ the Indian service:
Foi pavment of tins amount, due and unpaid, to John
Rogers, of Fort Smith. At Kansas fot s-toiageol piovibions
forVue Indians at that place m 161)7, .351.
For payment of thu amount to Hon. Willis A. Gorman,
foi complication for ins services as commissioner to inves-
tigate the allegations of liaud ag.im-t Alexander ltamsey,
inte Governoi of Minnesota and superintendent of Indian
affairs, under a resolution of tlie Senate and the appoint-
ment of the Piesident, and to reimburse expenses* incurred
therein, §830.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a point of order.
These are private claims, and one of them is a
pretty old one, too.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator is mistaken
in supposing himself to be introduced to an oid
acquaintance this time. Theyare perfect strang-
ers to him. I am certain they are not private
claims according to the usual interpretation of
the rule. They are ascertained deficiencies re-
ported here by the proper officer, acknowledged
obligations for which no appropriations have been
made. They are like everything else for which
we appropriate—existing, recognized obligations
of the Government; and the only reason they
have not been paid has been the want of an ap-
propriation applicable to the purpose. The Sec-
retary of the Interior, in the case of John Rogers,
admits that it is an outstanding claim against the
Government, which he would have paid in the
usual course of administration in the office with-
out applying to Congress, if he had the money.
In regard to the case of Governor Gorman, I will
say that we have paid the other commissioner
for the same service, out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, but in consequence of a late decis-
ion of the Comptroller it becomes necessary to
make these appropriations out of the Treasury,
instead of out of the contingent fund. The char-
acter of the claim is not altered; the mode of
payment is only changed by the decisions of the
Comptroller.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
know of any existing law providing for these
claims ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There is what is equal
in validity, for this purpose, to a law—a resolu-
tion of the United States Senate under which
Governor Gorman acted as commissioner.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair feels
obliged to decide the amendment out of order.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Both items?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Yes, sir, both.
Mr. SEBASTT A N. 1 offer the following amend-
ment, which contains no appropriation, but em-
braces certain matters of legislation necessary to
enable the Indian office to maintain Indian res-
ervations:
Bee. 3. dnd beit further enacted, That where, by orpur-
suant to the piovisions of any treaty with any tribe of In-
dium*, tiacts? of land, omsnle of the limits of any tribal res-
i ervatiou, have been, or shall be, set apart for the use of
I individual Indians, to be held in severalty, and the power
j jv l.i^eived to Congress, or the Pros-ident of the United
State , to authorize the issue of patents therefor, and to
make iemulations le&peciing the sale or alienation of such
ttact««, or where the tieatv is silent upon the subject, it shall
and may be lawiul for fetich reservees to sell and convey
sueh tiacts of land, whether they he held as reservations
by the u^ual Indian title or by grant; and a deed of con-
vejancc of Mich lands, duly executed by the reservee, shall
be construed rovestm the purchaser a title mfee simple to
the laud ?o conveyed : Provided, Such sales shall be made
m conformity to such rules and regulations, for the purpose
of pi eventing fraud or imposition, and of securing to or for
the ie«ervecs thc full and fair value of their land, as may be
prescribed bv th* Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with the
appioval of the Secietaiy ofthc Interior: Provided further,
That no sale or conveyance of any such tracts shall be of
anv validity unices the^ame shall have been submitted to,
i and received the approval of, the Secretary of the Interioi.
[ Sec. 4. JJntl bait further enacted, That the Commissioner
' of Indian Allans shall be, and he hereby is, authorized,
i whenever the intere-ts of the reservee may render it expe-
' dient, to require the purchase money for any sueh tract of
I land to be paid to the United States agent for the tube to
\ wlueh the icservee belongs, or other officer of the United
i State"! authorized to lcceive it, and to letam the same, to
! be afterwards applied, under the direction of the Secretary
1 of the Interior, lor the benefit of the reservee, m suchman-
1 ner as may be deemed best for his interest and welfare.
See. 5. *dnd be it further enacted, That where the tribal
reservation of any tribe of Indian*? is, or shall be, in pur-
suance of the provisions of any treaty with such tribe, di-
vided among the individual members of the tribe, to be held
by them in severalty, no sales', by individuals, of the tracts
' assigned to them shall ever be made, except to the mem-
bers of the tribe or to the United States. And if any person,
not employed under the authority of the United States, shall
attempt to treat or negotiate, directly or indirectly, with any
individual Indian for the purchase of any tract of land held
or claimed by lnm under the provisions ot this section, such
person shall foifeii and pay the sum of $'l500t), to be recov-
ered before any court in the United States having jurisdic-
tion, in the manner prescribed in the twenty-seventh sec-
tion of the act of Congress of June tfO, 1834, commonly
called the "intercourse act."
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs be, and he hereby i*, authorized,
with the approval of the Secretary of the Interior, to remove
from any tribal reservation any person found theiem with-
out authority of law, or whose presence within the hmits
of the reservation may, in his judgment, be detinnental to
the peace and welfare ofthc Indians, and to employ for the
purpose such force as may be necessary to enable the agent
to effect the removal of such person or persons.
Mr. HUNTER. I will only say in regard to
this amendment, that it may be very good legis-
lation, but the House of Representatives is strik-
ing off everything of tlie sort upon the appropri-
