712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
adding, as bearing further on what I am about to submit,
that by the first clause of the first article, and. evidently de-
signed to exclude all other legislative powers, those vested
in Congress are declared to be the "legislative powers herein
granted." These, and these only, and such as are neces-
sary.and proper to their beneficial discharge, are all the le-
gislative powers conferred; and so solicitous was the vigil-
ance and far-seejng the sagacity of the great and patriotic
men of the day,"that they were not satisfied to have the
powers granted, in the mannei granted, to stand as the only
security that in progress of time theyshould notbeenlaiged
by construction. By the ninth and tentli articles of the
amendments to the instrument, and m plain words admitting
of no misapprehension, they provided:
First, That" the enumeration in the Constitution of cer-
tain rights shall not be construed todenyordisparageotheis
retained by the people."
Second, That " the powers not delegated to the people
of the United Slates by the Constitution, nor prohibited by
it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to
the people."
With these remarks I proceed with my justification.
f am advised, Mr. Speaker and gentlemen, that the effect
of the order under which 1 am in your presence, is to place
me in the character of a criminal, accordingto precedent in
like eases, adiudged to be such by the House, without giving
me, in advance, an opportunity of being heaid. And as
such judgments, if cnfoiced without a heating of the party
involved, are not consistent with the justice or the genius ot
our institutions, I have now the same right to show cause
against the legality ol the one in my case, that I would have
had  f I had been heard in advance.
Before some tribunals it is possible that an expressed
opinion cannot be changed, but I have no fear of such an
obstacle in this instance. Fiedi from the people, and sooner
or later to return and be of them, it cannot be that a judg-
ment though formed with perfect bincenty of conviction,
but, from the circumstances attending it, under the influ-
ence of more or less of haste or excitement, if, upon a moie
mature consideration, it shall appear wrong, will, in the
slightest degree, from mere pudeofopunon or other motive,
constitute the least impediment to jour now collecting the :
error; and I do not thcrefoie fear, if I can satisfy you of the
error, or make you entertain a reasonable doubt of it, but
that you will, with the libeiality, magnanimity, and candor, 1
which ever belong to an enlightened tribunal, make the
correction, and, by so doing, do justice to a citizen.
To this task I now more directly proceed.
The powerofthe House and the committee beingliinited
to the investigation of the charges preferred, accoidmg to
the terms of the resolution of the 15th of January, and ne
cessarilyand constitutionally so limited, it must be admitted
that the authority to examine witnesses is confined to such
questions as, in the language of the act of 24th January,
1857, are pertinent to the matter of inquiry. A question,
therefore, which, in its form, shall seek information toreign
to the inquiry, the committee have consequently no light
to propound. Nor is a refusal to answer such a question
illegal.
A want of jurisdiction in this case, as in the ease of other
tribunals, is a want nf rightful power, and ifas&umed, m the
eye of the law renders everything that may be done simply
null and void.
Foi the same reason, a question which, if answered, may,
if followed by peitmcnt questions, .serve to elucidate the
authorized investigation, the witness i5? bound to answer.
But if the answer which he does give anticipates all other
legal questions which can grow out ofit, and shows that he
can give no other response to that or such other mqumes,
except such as will disclosc matters of a pnvate nature,
touching his own individual business or rights, or the puvate
business or rights of other parties, and in no way bearing on
the only investigation which the committee is empoweied
to notice, the legal obligation of the witness is fulfilled, and
the power of the committee is in that particular exhausted.
It is a grave error to suppose that the power of such a com-
mittee gives the right to put to a witness any and every
question which they may suppose pioper. Such a principle
would potentially vest in such a body unlimited and inquisi-
torial authority. The true rule, and the limit of the power
is found in the rule, that the question which the witness is
bound to answer be pertinent to the subject to be investi-
gated. It is a refusal to answer such a question as that—a
pertinent one—that the act of January, 18,77, says is a con-
tempt to be punished by indictment. To constitute either
a contempt or a misdemeanor, under that law, the pertinency
of the question is as vital as the refusal to answer. 11 is un-
sound doctrine, that it is immaterial whether the question
be proper or improper. If it be improper in a legal sense,
because not pertinent to the subject which the committee
are only authorized to examine, then it is as unobhgatory
upon the witness as a question propounded by the members
of the lIou«e without any authority at all from the body.
The assumption that any question that may be asked by
the committee, under the authority of the House, is to be
answered, is true ; but then the right to piopound a particu-
lar question does not exist, if such question is not within
their authority; and such is, as I am advised, the nature of
the one which was put to me m this instance. A different
rule would necessarily make a committee absolute and
supreme, and render their judgment, thus given solely by
virtue of a delegated authority, infallible and conclusive.
Every question they should propound, simply because they
did propound it, is to be held a pertinent one, which the
witness is bound to answer; and when hts refusal is re-
ported to the House, or he is proceeded against by indict-
ment under the act of 1857, the judgment of the committee
is to be conclusive alike upon the House, the court, and the
jury. I submit, under advice, that such a principle is at war
with the well-settled rights of the citizen. If I am conect
thus far, then the only matter to he considered is, does the
answer which 1 did give to the last question put to me by
the committee, contain all the information which their lim-
ited authority gives them the right to ask of me ? By their
report to the House it will be seen that a number and a j
variety of antecedent questions were propounded, to all of 1
which I made prompt and apparently satisfactory replies, j
informed them, in response to tbeir questions—' I
First. That no funds had been placed in my hands by any i
of the manufacturers of Massachusetts, for the purpose of
influencing members of Congiess upon the passage of the
tariff act.
Second. That I was never authorized by any of them to
make any promises of iuture benefits in the event of the
passage of that act.
Third. That I did not receive, after the close of the last
session, from the manufacturers of Boston, or elsewhere,
any funds, money, negotiable securities, oi anything of that
sort, to be used in that way—that is to say, in influencing
members of Congress, as asked in the first question.
Fourth. That 1 did not, at any time during the months of
March or April, 1857, receive from Mr. Stone any negoti-
able securities or money, or credits of any kind, for any such
purpose, either directly or indirectly.
Fifth. That I did not receive at any time in March, 1857,
a considerable sum of securities, for any purpose connected
with the tariff, eithei to be paid to members of Congress for
the purpose of influencing their action, or to their agents.
Sixth. Nor for their benefit, either directly or indirectly.
Seventh. Nor in satisfaction ot pievious anangements or
promises.
Eighth. Nor any securities at any time during March, 1857,
to the amount at one time of $30,000, for such purposes.
Ninth. These several replies having been given, and ap-
parently considered sufficient, the committee then put to me
the question which brings me before you.
The House cannot but perceive that neaily all the pre-
vious questions look to the influencing, by money, or its
equivalent, in the passage of the tariff act, or by piomiscs
ot doing so at a subsequent time, the action of members of
that Congress on that act. My private business, having no
connection with such acharge, was notmquired into. From
whom 1 may have received funds, and on what considera-
tion, and for what pmpo&e, other than the imputed illegal
purpose, does not, so far, seem to have entered into the de-
sign of the committee.
Having negatived cveiy previous inquiry bearing on the
development of the illegal puipose charged, and, in terms as
strong as I could use, disclaimed the leceipt of funds from
any quarter, to be applied dnectly or mdnectly at once, or
by promise of future appliance, or benefits to the alleged im-
proper influencing of the members of that Congress, the
committee then submitted to me this question : " Did you
ever leccive the ."§30,000 before mentioned lfor any pur-
pose " This I at once declined answering until 1 could
consult counsel, and upon the ground that it included a mat-
ter of strictly puvate business; hut again added that no such
sum was received for the purpose of influencing membeis
of Congress oi their agents. The peimission for counsel
was granted ; and, before t left the room, the question m
the lorm repoited to the House was placed m my hands. It
is m these words :
u Did you receive from the firm of Lawrence, Stone & Co.,
some tune in Maich last, a sum of seeuuties oi money to
the amount of .%30,000, more or less." The word-* " for any
puipose," which formed a part of the question which 1 had
liiM declined to answer, as iiist stated, ate not here added,
hut it is evident the committee designed to get an answer
without icgard to the purpose, or object, or consideration,
lor the receipt of the alleged sum. What my answer was
to the question m tins form i* now known to the Hou=c;
and the inquny if, is it such an answer as I am only legally
bound to make ?
I suppose that no one will for a moment maintain that,
undei our lorm ot government, with the limitations implied
and expressed upon its powers, logi-lative, executive, and
judicial, and the express ieservation to the States, or the
people, of all lights and powers not enumerated in, or del-
egated in the United States, b> the Constitution, it is in the
power of Congress, or either of the other departments, to
investigate the social relations and private bu>mes« of a cit-
izen, having no reference at all to, or connection w th, the
powers conterred upon them respectively. The light to hold
these sacred from governmental investigation or power, is,
m very terms, expiessly secured by the ninth amendment,
and vested in the citizen. The power, too, over this, is also,
by the succeeding amendment, in like manner ie<;orved.
In regard, then, to my strictly private rights, I am in no
measure responsible to Congress. After,then,the answeis
which 1 had given to pievious interrogatories, and the one
I gave to this, denying expressly any purpose to influence
Congress, or any of its members, by improper means in the
passage of the tariff act of 1857, or any other act of Con-
gress, in money or securities, or any such actuator attempt-
ed influence, 1 am asked whether I received the money
from the parties named " for any purpose ?"
Having denied all illegal purpose m its receipt, or its sub-
sequent illegal use by Congress or others, the inquny neces-
sarily is, did you receive it for a legal purpose ? And that
is to he followed by asking what that purpose was ? and how
did you, in fact, appropriate the fund ? Did you, in the exe-
cution of your legal puipose in receiving it, enter into pu-
vate and business arrangements with the parties havins no
connection with the charges under investigation, c.m.-ins j
you to pay to them a part of, or all of, the fund ? If this is j
not to compel me to disclose my individual and prtvatc trans- j
actions, to lay beiore Congress and the country what these I
were, 1 am at a loss to conceive what private transaction [
in such a case is free from congressional investigation. It i
is said that it may be true that I did not receive the fund m !
question for the illegal purpose charged, or to use it direetly
or indirectly, or pay it to other private parties, with aview
to such purposes, and yet it maybe found that such parties
did it with that view. The error, I respectfully submit, of
this position is, that it seems to assume as true the fact that
that sum, in whole or in part, was thus illegally appropri-
ated, It assumes as clear that the charge the committee
are to inquire into was truthfully made, and that the cor-
ruption of the members of the last Congress was effected by
means of this $30,000. I am advised that these assumptions
are not such as the law makes. The charge, if established,
is a crime : and the presumption before proof is always of
innocence.
The House, T submit, will also see that in the several
answers 1 have given to those prior questions, and in the
one to the last interrogatory, I have not testified to matters
of opinion or in relation to matters, on which, as opinion,
the committee or the House might differ with me, but to
matters of fact exclusively. The purpose with which money
is received is a fact; its intended appropriation is a fact;
its actual appropriation is a fact; the denial of all knowledge
of appropriation of it by others is a fact. If as to one or all
of these I have testified fal&ely, I have foresworn myself,
and may be indicted and punished for perjury. In no part
of such testimony is there anything of opinion at all; the
whole refers to matters of fact and nothing else. Those
who may differ with me as to these cannotso differbecause
of opinion, but because theyallegc the facts to be otherwise.
This would amount to a contradiction—a denial of my tes-
timony.
But where is the scope of inquiry to terminate ? My an-
swer will exclusively disclose my private transactions, with
which, in the abstract. Congress has nothing to do. But it
is said we want to be informed as to them, because it may
be that we shall discover some other citizen, who, by virtue
of private business with me. has become possessed of suffi-
cient means to corrupt members of Congress, and who may
have been unscrupulous enough to so appropriate it: and
we want his name, that we may summon him, and put to
him the inquiry, " What did you do with the money you re
eeived fiom Mr. Woleott in your puvate dealings withhim,
in March last, or at other times? Did you use it to influence,
improperly, members in then action upon the tariff act of
1857 He denies any such use of it, and then he is asked,
" How, and to whom, then, did he dispose of it?" Thus,
his private transactions are to be ransacked and disclosed,
and the same course of proceeding is to be pursued as to all
other citizens, into whose hands any part of the fund may be
traced, though coming strictly from private business tiansac-
tions, which, sacred in the eye of every civilized community
in the world, arc to be laid bare, under the authority of Con-
gress to inquire into the official integrity of its members and
officers.
I am advised, and the statement is made with all respect
to the House and its legal autliouty, that such a doctrine
as this would establish for it an unrestrained inquisitorial
power, notless destructive ofits legitimate influence, and its
ability to discharge its high and most important legislative
functions with usefulness to the country, than ruinous lo
what has ever, heretofore, been considered the well-estab-
lished rights of the citizen—the unmolested enjoyment of
all his puvate relations, in the tiansaction of his private
business. Official corruption m members of Congress may
have existed; it is not lor me to deny it—since the very
charge submitted to your committee assumes that it may
have been the case in the last Congre&s. But it is better,
far better, that this go unquestioned and unpunished, than
that the sacied private rights of the citizen should be vio-
lated. The eye of a discerning and honest constituency,
and the public opinion of the body, which the member may,
by his piesence, pollute, with his conscious guilt punishing
him day and night with compunctious visiting^, will, in a
brief p-riod, consign him to the degraded level to which he
belongs.
The blot on the fair fame of the body will thus be wiped
off, and its mighty powers, granted tor the protection of the
citizen, and the legitimate inciea>e of the power and glory
of the country, left unimpaired; piivate lights will then
also be possessed without danger of illegal inquiry, and the
citizen will look to Congiess as competent to every of its
delegated powers, whilst alike unwilling toattempt, and im-
potent to obtain, possession of otheis. With a perfect knowl-
edge of the honesty of my own conduct, and of my freedom
fiom intentional disregard of the constitutional authority of
your honorable body, orof your committee, and with a full
confidence in the justice of the House, I submit, without
further remark, tins my defense to its further consideration
and more mature judgment. J. W. WOLCOTT.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, the 15th February,
1858. JAMES L. ORR, Speaker.
Pending the reading of the foregoing answer,
Mr. LETCHER said: I should like to know,
Mr. Speaker, to what question this isaresponsc.
I want to hear the question read, so that we may-
know what is proposed to be answered by it.
Mr. MOORE. I hope the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] will withdraw all objection
and let the witness be heard.
Mr. STANTON. I understand it to be an ar-
gument to show tliat the House has no power to
require from him an answer to the interrogatory,
and that he is not in contempt. I trust the House
will hear his argument with patience and candor,
and will consider it.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to know what ques-
tion the House has asked to produce this answer.
The SPEAKER. The questions propounded
to the witness were:
"What excuse have you for refusing to answer the ques-
tion propounded to you by the select committee of this
House, bcfoie which you weie summoned to appeal, as to
whetherj on had received any sum of money from Law-
rence, Stone & Co., some time m March, 1857 ?"
Mr. LETCHER. And this is an answer to
that, is it >
The SPEAKER. The second question was:
" Arc you now leady to answer that, and all other pioper
questions that may be propounded to you by that commit-
tee ?"
These were the two questions propounded.
The witness is proceeding to assign, as the Chair
understands, the reasons why he should not an-
swer.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the answer,
and was again interrupted by
Mr. BURROUGHS. I desire to know how
long that paper is—what length of time its reading
will occupy ? I think we have had quite enough
