1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
receiving a commurication from you that you had
acted on the subject and sent them the result of
your *abors, they were to reject it, and send it
back: if the parliamentary law is that they have \
the right of precedent action, they would, as a '
consequence, have aright to refuse to receive your
communication,and to send it back, with the in-
quiry whether you intended, by thus usurping
the subject, to influence the other House, by sub-
stituting your decision for theirs, or making it
before theirs ? Would there not be danger of pro-
ducing collision or strife between the two Houses?
Would not the possibility or apprehension of
such cases have been sufficient to require that a
rule should be made by which such questions
should be governed, and all such possible collis-
ions obviated? It seems to me to be so.
What is the question now presented ? Let us
stick to the letter, as gentlemen seem disposed to
do in their arguments. They say the Senate is to
act upon nothing but the report. Well, sir, what
is that report? Is it anything more than a prop-
osition agreed upon by two .committees to amend
the bill ? I do not know whether that is the proper
term; my friend from Tennessee thinks it is not.
I understand from him that a substitute is a dis-'
tinct thing from an amendment; and yet, in one '
sense, it is an amendment. You undertake, then,
to amend a bill, or to adopt a substitute for a bill,
(for that will be the result of your vote confirm-
ing this report,) which biil is in the other House.
Could you, by any possibility, without violating
the plainest rules, undertake," when a hill was in
possession of the other House, through a com-
mittee of this body to offer an amendment to it?
Or must you have the bill in your possession be-
fore you can proceed to any process of alteration
or amendment? i say, then, this is a case that
departs from all analogy; for you can by no pro-
cess amend, change, or alter a bill which has
passed out of your hands into the hands of the
other branch. Can you do so through the inter-
vention of a committee of conference? Where is
the necessity for it? If there was any overruling
necessity for it, that necessity might be argument
enough against the application of an analogous
rule here; but where is the necessity for it? If
the other House never choose to act, your labor
here is altogether superfluous. If they do choose
to act or are prepared to act, that action will be
made known to you in due time for your action,
and we shall go on orderly and in a parliament-
ary train: otherwise, all is inveitcd. Some gen-
tlemen scoff at the idea of rules us technicalities;
but these technicalities, if gentlemen are so.tpleased
to call them, are absolutely necessary to the trans-
action of business in either House, and absolutely
necessary to the communications to be made be-
tween the two Houses.
Gentlemen talk about usage. Have any of
them been able, though they talk about usage, to
point us to asuhtary instance where this has been
done, unless it passed in ahurry and sub silcntio ?
Where is the case'' But one solitary case has
been presented, though they have been spoken of
as common cases, paiticularJy by my honorable
friend from Delaware. J say it is cxtraoidinary.
I say that no such case that 1 know of, or ever
heard of, has existed. Where has there been a
bill which, passing through the hands of a com-
mittee of conference who have agreed upon a re-
port, has gone into the possession of one House,
and the other House has attempted to act first
""upon the report? Where is the case ? If it is a
familiar usage, the cases will be recollected. The
only case which has been cited, I will show you
in half a dozen words, has no application to this
question. The Senator from Virginia cued a case
in the House of Representatives, where, upon the
report of a conference committee proposing an
alteration, an amendment in one section of a bill,
and a member calling to have the bill read, the
Speaker decided that he had no such right, and
refused permission to have the bill read. Now
observe the reason. It was not said " the bill is
not here;" there was no question made whether
in the absence of the bill the House could act;
the bill was there for all I know and for all the
case as read states; but the House did not think
ii necessary that the whole bill should be read.
The report of the committee of conference stated
distinctly the question—strike out A and insert B
in such a section of the bill. Where was the ne-
cessity of having the other sections of the bill
read, when this proposition referred merely to the
amount of an appropriation made in a particular
section ? We may suppose there that the report
of the committee of conference stated distinctly
what was to be stricken out and what was to be
inserted in a particular section of a bill having
many sections. There the whole question is pre-
sented: shall the appropriation stand (to illustrate
it) at $100,000, or shall it be $200,000? Thecom-
mittee have said it shall be $200,000.
Now, sir, what analogy is there between that
case and this? In the first place, that case does
not present the present question at all. That case
does not state that that bill was in the possession
of the Senate. That case does not deny that it
was in the possession of the House, and there
upon the table; and the report was of an amend-
ment in a particular not affected by the general
context of the bill, for aught we know, and which
1 suppose to be the case; and the Speaker very
properly decided that the other portions of the
i bill were not pertinent to, or affected by, the par-
! ticular amendment, and therefore there was no
| occasion to read the whole bill. That is not the
J case here.
I It is impossible, sir, but that you and every
Senator can see the entire difference between the
! two cases. A member had the right to have the
j report read, and the amendment—the words to be
| stricken out, and the words to be inserted, which
I constituted the amendment. That wasadmitted.
I Now what is asked here ? To read the part pro-
| posed to be stricken out. There it was granted
i that it might be read. A Senator has now asked
i for the reading of the part proposed to be stricken
1 out here, that he may understand it. It is not
j here,andcannotberead. Now, isthatcaseany ar-
' gument whatever against the rule which is here in-
, sisted upon ? Upon your judgment, Mr. President,
' as the custodian of our rights here, so far as they
j depend on the rules of the Senate, we rely in the
, first instance, and have to rely for the proper order
, of the Senate being preserved. To me it seems a
| clear case. To me itseems clear that to deny this
, iequeat is the exercise of an unlimited majority
power—to cairy into effect their wishes without
j regard to what the parliamentary law has pre-
1 scribed.
j I say then, sir, there is no case which, when
' considered for amoment, has the leastapphcation,
: or relevancy, or analogy, to the present question.
• If you are now to decide it for the first time, if it
I be a new question, really it is only such in its spe-
| cific form. The'reasons which govern all analo-
1 gous cases, all amendments, all changes and al-
terations of bills, require that you should have
, the possession of the bill upon which you propose
to act; and it is not material whether the amend-
| ment to it be proposed by one of our own com- j
: mittees or by a committee of conference. That
I does not make the slightest degree of difference.
1 Let gentlemen satisfy the Senate if they can that
! there is a difference in that respect. If a commit-
1 tee of the Senate were to propose an amendment
! to a bill which had passed to the other House,
; would you receive Hr would you act upon it?
, Certainly not. A committee of conference is but
1 a committee; and though they act jointly with an-
other, yet when you act on the amendment which
they propose to you as the result of their confer-
ence, you can only act upon it when you have the
bill to which it is an amendment.
Gentlemen say that we are well acquainted
with this subject, because we have had it under
consideration for a long time. Why, Mr. Pres-
ident, the judge, before he goes into court, may
be perfectly satisfied how a case ought to be de-
cided; he may have heard in common parlance
all about the case; but can he judicially decide it
until he judicially hears the legal evidence upon
which it is to depend ? Now, sir, I doubt exceed-
ingly whether there is a gentleman here who can
tell me the number of sections that are contained
in the bill proposed to be stricken out by this sub-
stitute. It is said we are all perfectly acquainted
with it. When we pass laws we are supposed
to he exceedingly accurate. Like the judge who
must have the record before him when he decides
the case, and who can go by nothing else, we
must have the bill before us when we act upon it.
That is the parliamentary source of knowledge,
and none other; and he would bean exceedingly
incautious legislator who would vote otherwise
than upon that source of knowledge,
Mr. President,I am supposed above all others,
having proposed an amendment to the Lecomp-
ton bill in this House, to know all about it. If
I were to be sworn at this moment, I could not
undertake to tell you all the substance there is in
that amendment. I could tell you the substance
©f that which 1 prepared myself, but it underwent
many alterations and amendments in the House
of Representatives. There were some additions
to it. I do not know whether they were material
or not; I think I did not so consider them at the
time. The substitute adopted by the House ot
Representatives in place of the Senate's bill, did
not come back to us in the words, and limited to
the purposes of my amendment. Details were
added; there were alterations of several sections.
I do not wish to profess ignorance on this ques-
tion; I understand the general purpose; but i am
now talking about a parliamentary law which in-
tends that everything shall be certain, and that
everything shall be accurately and understand-
ing^ done. If, instead of proposing to strikeout
the whole bill, the committee of conference, as an
amendment, had proposed to strike out five lines
in one of its sections, might not the reading of the
section of the bill containing the words to be'strick-
en out have been demanded in order that I might
see what they were ? I may understand the bill
very well, but I may not understand the cohe-
rence of the proposed addition or amendment with
the other matter of the bill. I may not apprehend
its effect and bearing on the whole section, unless
that section is before me, and I can have the bill
read to verify it all.
This is the view 1 take of the subject, and I do
not propose to enlarge upon it. It seems to me
in my poor limited judgment—for such I really
admit my judgment to be on all questions of mere
order—a plain question. The fact that I say so
is no great evidence that what I say is right. I
: expiess only the confidence of a man who knows
little on the subject of which he speaks. I think,
however, that I see that there is a line of proceed
ing here from which we are departing.
It is of very little consequence to me what is the
decision of this question of order. I to be sure
have a purpose which I avowed sincerely and
honestly to the Senate; I did desire a postpone-
ment of this question until the day after to-mor-
j row. The Senate, for reasons proper to itself
1 and of which I do not complain at all, for reasons
! competent and sufficient in its judgment, refused'
j to accede to my request. I ask no particular in-
dulgence here. The kindness of some of rny
| friends has induced them to declare, and they
• seem to think that I have a particular claim to
< indulgence, of this kind, from length of service,
possibly I might say from length of years; but
above all things, I dislike to base any claim on
that. I ask nothing which I do not suppose may
; be granted to any other Senator of this body. I
j have no other claim, no other pretensions. I
| asked for the postponement, I can only repeat, in
! all smceiity, and for the very reasons I assigned.
] This amendment contains matter fit for much se-
j rious deliberation. Gentlemen say we understand
j it, but upon what do they predicate this under-
I standing? I wish to God it were true we all did
j understand it with the perfect light of reason that
I might guide us surely to the proper issue. But
j on what ground is it that gentlemen assume that,
and assume therefore that there can be no cause
j for further consideration in any mind that has
been engaged on this subject? The Senate passed
a bill after discussion. The Senate rejected an
amendment which was offered by a Senator, and
thatwasdiscussed. Gentlemen say, " that being
the case, do we not all understand the subject*"
Well, sir, what did we discuss? We discussed
the bill; there was but little discussion on the
amendment. These are the forms in which we
discuss questions. Now, what has the commit-
tee done? Has it presented the same measure
that we discussed, either m the original biil or
upon the amendment that I offered? No, sir.
Out of these materials they have made a distinct
measure, not conforming to the matters debated
upon the former bills, at all. It is a new meas-
ure; I require time to understand it. I do not
know how I ought to vote. I do not know how
far it has yielded to the objections which were
made to the original bill, or how far it has inter-
posed new obstacles and new grounds of objec-
tion.
