1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1799
Notwithstanding all these personal appeals
which I have been obliged to make—and I always
regret to make them—if the true order of proceed-
ing, as I conceive it to be, were adopted, I should
be furnished with the amplest time, and should
not be under the necessity of imposing myself on
the Senate with any such appeal for personal in-
dulgence. I wanted to pass by the point of order;
we have already consumed hours upon it. One
of the two days for which I asked has already
been consumed in debating questions of order. If
my request had been acceded to, in all probability
this would have been waived, or would not have
occurred
But, apart from all that, certainly I hope no one
will suppose that I am disposed to complain at
all—I say it in all sincerity—of whatever the Sen-
ate may choose to decide on any matter of per-
sonal reference to myself. I am perfectly satisfied
with their decision, whatever it may be, and do
not complain of it; but I think I am entitled, as a
matter of right, with every Senator here, to insist
that I cannot be called upon to vote on a bill which
is not before the body. Is not the bill a part of
this report? I ask you, sir, as the interpreter of
our laws, the interpreter of our parliamentary law
and the rules which govern us, if a report saying
that the committee have agreed to strike out so
and so, and insert so and so, does not make the
matter proposed to be stricken out, as well as the
matter proposed to be inserted, a part of the re-
port ? I do not see how a distinction can be made.
I perfectly agree with n y honorable friend from
Ohio on this subject, and thank him for the ex-
tremely judicious and sound remarks which, it
seems to me, he has made. I trust, sir, that we
shall not be required to proceed until we can have
the benefit of the original bill here. Gentlemen
may say it is of no benefit and no advantage; but
if the law requires it to be here, it is not for us to
debate the reasons of the law. We must have
some rule on the subject; it would be strange if
there were none. There seems to be a rule 011 the
subject. The parliamentary books arecaieful to
tell you who are entitled to the papers, whether
the committee of the one House or the other.
Why is all that, if it is perfectly indifferent in i ts
consequences, if it is a mere technicality, a mere
matter of moonshine whether the papers be car-
ried to one House or the other ? If there is to be
no consequence attending it, if it is fruitless and
indifferent whether the papers be carried to one
House or the other, why this particularity in the
books? When it is considered a matter of con-
sequence, and is expressly prescribed by rule,
that fact shows that the possession of the papers is
to have its influence on the subsequent proceed-
ings of the legislative power. It appears to me
very plain that we have no right to act on this
report now, and I hope that will be the judgment
of the Chair.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I certainly shall
not 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania indulge the Chair for a
moment, to state, in reply to the gentleman from
Kentucky, that the Chair does not understand
this to be a question of order for him to decide,
but a question for the Senate to decide, whether
they will proceed to the consideration of the re-
port.
Mr. BIGLER. I shall not at this time say a
single word in reference to the main question. I
intend to vote to proceed to the consideration of
the report of the committee of conference; but I
feel unwilling to do so in view of what has been
said as to the foree and effect of the parliamentary
law on this question, without stating, as I shall
do very briefly, one or two points which, to my
mind, are conclusive, which warrant me in con-
cluding that this body has, at this time, a perfect
authority, consistent with parliamentary law, and
certainly consistent with the usages of the Sen-
ate, to act on the report of the committee of con-
ference.
The rules which govern the two Houses jointly
and the rules which govern each House ought to
be in harmony. If the proposition to consider this
report of the committee of conference conflicted
with the rights of this body, or the opportunities
of this body, or the rights of a single member, that
would be a very strong reason against proceeding
to the consideiation of the report of the committee.
But >1 '■ ;v "viia! vj 'tie «!tnk'p? vishf. ruid most
important right, which every individual member
possesses ? It is the right to have read the matter
upon which he is required to vote. Now, the only
matter which this body can consider is before it;
but it is reasoned that that ought not to be consid-
ered because of the absence of matter upon which
this body never can act. I take it, without ever
having attempted to read the history, if there be
any history connected with these parliamentary
laws which would show fully the purpose in view
in adopting the machinery of a committee of con-
ference, that the fact or circumstance that commit-
tees of conference uniformly report to both bodies,
is conclusive in favor of the right of the Senate to
consider this report at this time. If it be neces-
sary to have the original bill and papers before
the body which is to act, I ask you, sir, what is
the necessity for two reports? Why report pre-
cisely the same to both Houses? Why not make
a single report, send that report to the House en-
titled to the bill and papers, and if adopted, then
send that bill and report to the other body ? But,
sir, the rule is otherwise, and the practice has
been not only here, but, I think, in every legisla-
tive body in this country, that reports of com-
mittees of conference have been made simultane-
ously in both branches, and adopted by both at
the same moment. Such I know to have been
the practice in the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
in the Senate of which I had most of my experi-
ence in deliberative bodies.
Now, sir, what is essential is, that the text, and
the entire text, shall be before the body which is
about to act. If a portion of the absent bill was
to constitute a part of the law which we are about
to make, then there would be force in the reason-
ing of the Senator from Michigan; but I can hear
read at the Secretary's desk word for word what
the law will be if this report shall become the law.
I enjoy, therefore, my right, given to me by the
rules of this body, of having the matter read upon
which I am required to vole; and it is in perfect
harmony with the joint rule.
I take it that this is the common sense of the
whole subject; it certainly is the vitality of the
whole of if. Ii matters not, in fact, where the hill
may be which we originally passed. That does
not fairly enter into the consideration of the ques-
tion before us. It has been entirely superseded;
and, as was said the other day by the Senator
from Virginia, if that bill had been destroyed by
fire, or surreptitiously carried away, who would
say that this body had not a right to pass upon
the report of the committee of conference. That
report, and the matter which it presents here, it
is proposed to make the law; and when it shall be
adopted by the two Houses, and signed by the
Executive, it will be the law. No part of the ab-
sent bill becomes the law. But I agree that, where
a bill is amended at different points, where a com-
mittee of conference recommends to one House to
recede here, and to the other to recede there; at
this point to insert, and at another to strike outa
a matter of difference; I might claim the right to
have the whole text upon which 1 had to pass
read before I voted;and it would be nccessary,in
that case, to have it present. But here is a report,
perfect in itself, containing all that it is proposed
to make the law.
Now, sir, as to the binding effect of parliament-
ary law: how far does it go? Just to the extent
that it answers our practice. Itis a general rule;
but it only goes to the extent of the power of the
body. It controls no act; it vitiates no act. Why,
sir, [ can find you palpable rules here, plain and
distinct rules, to which we pay no kind of respect.
For instance, the parliamentary law says distinct-
ly that, when a bill is rejected, no proposition sim-
ilar in substance can again be introduced at that
session. Do we practice that parliamentary law ?
No, sir.
This, to my mind, is a perfectly clear case.
Whatever force there might be in this point in
reference to cases where we proposed to concur
in part in the original bill, and where part of it !
was to become the law, and part of the proposed ,
law consisted of new matter, in the present case ;
the original Senate bill and the House bill are
superseded by this report, which is to be pie law
if the two bodies adopt the report. I think the
case a clear one.
What will be the message between the two
Houses? Will it be that the Senate has agreed
to a cer'ain portion of the Hoiu'o biH o> the S'mi .
ate bill? No, sir; no.t a word of that kind will
appear in the message between the two Houses;
but the message to the House of Representatives
will be, that the Senate have agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the original, bill—
giving its number and title. A similar message
will be sent from the other House to us. It does
not matter which House acts first. Itdoesnotmat-
ter that the Clerks pass each other in the rotunda
with the messages. It does not affect, in any pos-
sible way, the vitality, the binding effect of the
report; nor will it in any way affect the legality
of the law if the President signs it.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. GREEN called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say that my
colleague [Mr. Durkee] has paired off with the
honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Polk.]
Mr. HAMMOND. I have agreed to pair off
with the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was requested to an-
nounce that the honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] and the honorable Senator from
California [Mr. Gwin] have paired off until seven
o'clock.
The question being taken by yeas and nays;
resulted—yeas 19, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Dooliftle, Douglas,
Foot, Foster, King, Pugh, Seward, Simmons, Stuart,Wade,
and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Clay, Evans,Fitzpatrick, Green, Houston, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Jones, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, Sebastian, SlideJI,Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, Wiight, and Yulee—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr.CAMERON. Imovenowto takeupthis
question with the understanding that the moment
it comes up we shall adjourn. I am satisfied that
no good can come from a night session. I sug-
gest that we go home and eat our dinners quietly
and honestly, as Christians ought to do, sleep to-
night, and come back to-morrow morning, when
I hope we shall settle the question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is a compromise, I sup-
pose.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir. I propose it as a
compromise, that we take up this question, and
then adjourn and go home.
Mr. GREEN. The motion is already pending
to take up the report. This, therefore, comes as
a suggestion of compromise from the Senator from
Pennsylvania; and, so far as I am concerned, if
it meets the concurrence of my friends, for I never
separate from them, if the agreement is that we
shall take the vote at a certain hour to-morrow, I
will yield.
Several Senators. No, no.
Other Senators. Vote now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER._ TJie question
is on proceeding to the consideration of the report
of the committee of conference.
Mr, WADE. I move to lay the whole subject
on the table; and on that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Broderick, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Foot, Foster, King,
Puc?b, Sewairi, Simmons, Smart, Wade, and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Clay, Evans, Fiupatrick, Ureen, Houston, Hun-
ter, fver on, Johnson of Aikaiifay, Johnson of Tennessee,
Jones, Kennedy, Maiioiy, Mason, Sebastian, Slidell,Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, Wright, and Yuleu—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania made a proposition, as he alleges, for a com-
promise; but he did not state at what hour to-
morrow he would agree that the vote should be
taken. I ask the Senator from Pennsylvania to
include that in his proposition. I desire to know
whether he is willing to name any hour to-mor-
row when the vote shall be taken.
Mr. COLLAMER. The suggestion about a
compromise may as well be disposed of first as
last. There is no man on this side of the House
who lias any authority to make such a proposi-
tion, and for this plain reason: you have never
givr n us an opportunity to consult about it.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 was not in my seat when
til'"' Sen^t^r from Florid*' cnokr; or I .s:liou!d have
