1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IIS
of it, and T think it time for the committee to make
some move on the subject.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk has not as yet
finished the reading of the paper.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Let us hear it.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I suggest that we have
heard enough of that paper; and I think it time
that the chairman of the special committee should
make some motion.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope the House will hear
the remainder of the paper read. The House ad-
journed over from last Friday till to-day to give
the witness an opportunity of purging himself of
contempt. The object of this paper is to purge him
of that, and I hope the House will permit the
paper to be read.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Under the hour
rule.
The Clerk again resumed the reading of the
paper, and was a^ain interrupted by
Mr. CLEMENS. Is that paper signed by Rev-
erdy Johnson, or by John W. Wolcott?
The SPEAKER. It is signed by the fitness,
and sworn to.
The reading of the paper was again resumed,
and completed.
Mr. STANTON. It will, of course, be expected
that the committee which has this subject in charge
will present to the House such action as they may
think the answer of the witness demands. There
has been, of course, no opportunity for consulta-
tion with the committee since the contents of the
answer have been known. Anticipating, how-
ever, that the answer might be unsatisfactory,
from what has previously passed, I have availed
myself of the opportunity of consulting on the
floor such members of the committee as were in
the Hall at the opening of the session; and I there-
fore submit the following resolution:
Whereas, John \V. Wolcott has failed satisfactonly to
answer the questions piopounded to linn by order of this
House, and lias notpuised him^el! of the contempt with
which be stands chaiged : Theiufore,
Be it resolved, That the said John W. Wolcott be com-
mitted by the Serg^ant-at-Arms to the common jail of this
Pis-trict of Columbia, to bo kept in closo custody until lie
shall signify his willingness to answer the questions pro-
pounded to him by the select committee of this House, and
all other legal and propel que>tions that may be propounded
to him by said committee ; and for the commitment and de-
tention of the said John VV. Wolcott, this resolution shall
be a sufficient wariant.
Resolved, That whenever the officei having the said John
W. Wolcott in custody, shall bo informed by said Wolcott
that he is leady and willing to answer the questions here-
tofore propounded, and all proper and legal questions that
may hereafter be propounded to him by said committee, it
shall be the duty of such officer to deliver the said John W.
Wolcott over to the Serjeant at Anns ot tins House, who^e
duty it shall be to take the said Wolcott immediately befoie
the committee before which he was summoned to appear
for examination, and to hold him m cu&tody subject to the
further order of this House.
It is due, certainly, to the witness, and it is due
to the occasion, that the House, exercising the
powers of a court, and passing sentence of indefi-
nite imprisonment on a citizen, should act cooliy
and calmly, and on a full and distinct understand-
vg of the principles on which that power is to be
exercised.
As the power wh.ch these resolutions propose
to exercise is probably to be tested before the ju-
dicial tribunals of the country, it seems to me to be
proper to submita very biief and condensed state-
ment of the principles upon which it rests, and
which, in my judgment, justify and require Us
exercise on this occasion.
The Constitution makes <£ each House the judge
of the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
own members," and authorizes each to " punish
its members for disorderly behavior, and, with the
concuri'ence of two thirds, to expel a member."
The powers thus granted are judicial powers
conferred upon the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, as separate and distinct bodies, and
have no connection with the general grant of legis-
lative powers to Congress. And the fact that any
specific and limited powers are granted to Con-
gress, has nothing to do with the grant of judicial
powers to the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, as separate, several, distinct tribunals. The
House, in the exercisc of the judicial power thus
conferred upon it, is sovereign and supreme—just
as much so as if the grant of legislative powers to
Congress had been general and universal over all
rightful subjects of legislation.
I admit that Congress cannot confer upon the
House additional powers, not enumerated m the
specific powers granted to Congress, ornecessary
to the exercise of the granted powers.
It is also admitted that there has been no act of
Congress authorizing either House to punish a
witness oranybody else for contempt. The only
acts of Congress which are supposed to have any
bearing upon the question, are the acts authorizing
the chairman of committees to administer oaths,
and requiring the Speaker to issue subpenas for
witnesses, upon the application of a committee
authorized to send for persons and papers. And
the law passed at the last session, making a party
liable to indictment and punishment for refusing
to appear and testify before a committee of either
House of Congress, " in addition to the pains and
penalties now existing," which assumes the ex-
istence of the power to punish for contempt.
The power to punish for contempt is a neces-
sary incident to judicial power, without which it
cannot be exercised. The judicial power is just
as much sovereign and supreme as the legislative
or executive. The power to decide controversies
between citizens and between the citizen and the
State, is one of the most important attributes of
sovereignty; and the power to decide carries
with it the power to inquire, to investigate, and
to consider. And how can any tribunal inquire
and investigate without the power to compel the
attendance of witnesses, ana to require them to
testify? Who would consent to be bound by the
decision of a court that was confined to the testi-
mony of such witnesses as might come volunta-
rily before it, and such evidence as the witness
might choose to give? The idea of a judicial tri-
bunal without plenary power over the parties and
witnesses is an absurdity. The creation of a
court or a grant of judicial power, either in an or-
ganic law or an ordinary legislative enactment,
carries with it power over the parties, the wit-
nesses, and all the instruments of evidence that
are necessary to the exercise of the power granted.
At common law, in England and in all the States
of the Confederacy, every judicial tribunal, from
justices of the peace to the courts of last resort, have
the power of issuing attachments and fining and
imprisoning parties and witnesses for contempt.
It is true that in most of the States statutes have
been passed to regulate the exercise of this power.
But these are restraimngacts, to pre vent the abuse
of the power and prescribe the manner of exer-
cising it.
But I apprehend that no lawyer will claim that
the power is derived fiom the constitution or
| statute law of any State, and that it does not exist
[ without such grant.
I If the power to " punish members for disorderly
j behavior, and to expel a member" be in its nature
; a judicial power, it carries with it, ex necessitate
I rei, such incidental powers as are indispensable
| to its exercise.
I Thiscommittee is required to " investigatc"cer-
; tain matters named in the resolution under which
it was appointed. And how can it " investigate"
if the House has no power to compel a witness to
testify to facts within ins knowledge which arc
indispensable to a proper understanding of the
matter to be " investigated ?"
The investigation with winch your committee is
charged is based upon an allegation that $87,000
was paid by Lawrence, Stone & Co. to influence
the legislation of the last Congress. The evidence
already taken by the committee tends to prove
that $58,000 of this sum was paid to this witness,
j It is true that this witness says that this money
; was not paid to him, or paid out by'him, to in-
. fluence legislation. But non constat but he may
| have honestly paid it to some one who did use it
i corruptly; and how is the committee to trace it
i unless they can compel him to tell to whom he
| paid it?
j But the committee and the House may differ
i with the witness as to what is an honest and
j justifiable use of the money. Are the committee
'and the House to assume, upon the judgment of
j the witness, that the consideration for which it
! was paid to him, or paid out by him, was legiti-
i mate and proper? I submit that the House has
j a right to know what that consideration was that
! they may judge of its character. If it is said that
: this is not a case of the " misbehavior of a mem-
; ber," which the House is authorized by the Con-
j stitution to inquire into and punish, I answer,
; first, that that is a question which goes to the
I power of the House to institute this investigation*
It assumes that the court has no jurisdiction over
the subject-matter.
But this is a question which cannot be made
by a witness who is under examination. It may
be that the question of jurisdiction itself depends
upon the facts which the witness refuses to dis-
close. Suppose a party were on trial in any court
of the United States, for an offense which the de-
fendant claimed was not within the jurisdiction
of the courts of the United States, but was within
the exclusive jurisdiction of the State courts:
could a witness refuse to answer a question on
the ground that the court had no jurisdiction?
Would the court be bound to decide the question
of jurisdiction against the defendant before the
witness could becompelled to testify? Would not
the court say that the question of jurisdiction was
one with which the witness had no concern and
had no right to inquire into? That to enable the
court to try the question of jurisdiction, it had a
right to inquire into the facts which were neces-
sary to enable the court to decide the question of
jurisdiction, and that the witness must therefore
be compelled to testify ?
If it be said that the want of jurisdiction is ap-
parent upon the face of the record; I answer that
the witness is not a party to the record, and can
make no question about it. The record is made
up and the issue joined by the parties without
making any question of jurisdiction. The trial
is in progress and the witness is upon the stand,
and he will not be peimitted to make a collateral
issue not made by the pleadings or urged by either
of the parties.
But the question of jurisdiction was decided by
the House by the passage of the resolution under
which this committee is acting, and in every or-
der since made in relation to this witness as well
as the witness Williamson, from New Yoik. This
House has, at its present session, raised not less
than five other committees with similar powers,
which cannot be distinguished in piinciple from
the committee before whom this witness is re-
quired to testify. If, therefore, this witness shall
be discharged upon the ground that this commit-
tee have no power to investigate the matters re-
ferred to them, it follows that this and all other
committees of investigation that have been raised
during the session must be at once disbanded. It
would therefore seem rather late in the day to
raise a question of this kind.
If gentlemen hold that the House has no power
to investigate the matters referred to these com-
mittees, why was not the question made upon the
passage of the resolutions for their appointment?
But, if the House shall now come to the conclu-
sion that these committees were imprudently
raised, and that the House has transcended its
powers, the sooner we retrace our steps the better.
For one, I have no doubt about the power.
It may be matter of controversy whether the
constitutional provision authorizing the House to
punish its members for "disorderly behavior"
contemplated anything beyond the preservation
of order and decorum in the debates and proceed-
ings of the House whilst in session; but, what-
ever may be the true construction of this clause,
there are certain powers that are necessauly inci-
dent to every judicial tribunal, and to every legis-
lative body. Amongst these, aie the power to
control its ownofficeis, to defend itself and its
members against aggression, and to protect its
own dignity and honor. These powers are indis-
pensable to its very existence. Without them, it
is helpless, imbecile, and contemptible. A legis-
lative body without the power to purge itself by
the expulsion of a member for bribery, would be
an object of scorn and contempt. It is a power
that has been exercised a thousand times m the
English Parliament, by this House, by the Legis-
latures of the various States of the Union; and has
never been denied by any judicial tribunal or le-
gislative body. The power to investigate, and to
try a member, is meiely the exercise of the power
to punish or expel.
But the power of the House over its members
is not limited, by the Constitution, to cases of
"disorderly behavior;" but m addition to the
power to ''punish" for this cause, the House
may, with the "concurrence of two thirds, expel
a member." For what may he be expelled ? Not
merely for " disorderly behavior," but for what-
ever may, in the judgment of two thirds of the
members, be good cause for expulsion. This is
