716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented a
petition of citizens of New York, praying that the
public lands may be laid out in farms, or lota, for
the free and exclusive use of actual settlers; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of the regis-
ter and receiver of the land office at Washington,
Mississippi, praying that the compensation of land
officers may be increased; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
lie also presented the petition of Thomas Law-
rent, surviving partner of Benjamin & Thomas
Lawrent, praying that certain moneys belonging
to that firm, and taken by General Scott as prop-
erty of the Government of Mexico, during the
Mexican war, may be refunded; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
Militia.
Mr. MALLORY presented a presentment of
the grand jury of the United States court for the
northern district of Florida, showing the necessity
of a building for the accommodation of the Federal
courts in that district; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Small-
wood, Earlc &. Co., praying to be allowed the
amount of a fine illegally imposed on them and
paid to the collector of customs in New York;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented additional papers
in relation to the case of Dorothy Wurtz, or
Wirt; which weie referred to the Committee 011
Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William F. Russell, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the papewon the files of the Senate, relat-
ing to the claim of (Japiam George E. MeCleUand'--. com-
pany 01 Flouda volunteer, he tcferrcd to the Committee on
Mihnuy AiFan-s ami Militia.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Oidcrcd, That the in<*moi i,U of Ktlwaid M Kent, on the
files ol the Senate, be lelenod to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, it was
Onlcrcih Th.11 the m.'unui il of J. eph No'-k.on the files
of the Sen ale. he icici 1 .'<1 to the ('nmmiitee on Patents ami
the Patent Oihee.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was refened the memorial of
Geoige W. Lippitt, submitted a report, accom-
panied bya bill (S. No.140) fortbe relief of George
W. Lippitt. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was refened the
petition of Hannah Srroop, reported a bill (S.
No. 142) for the luiief of linnnah Stroop, widow
of John Stroop, deceased; winch was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 143) tocreatc the
office of Fourth Assistant Postmaster General;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. POLK, Irotn the Committee on Foreign
Relations, towhom was referred the memorial of
Charles Gr. llidgely, submitted a icport, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 144) for the relief of
Captain Charles G. Ridgely, United States Navy
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the repoit was ordered to be printed.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and Militia, to whom was referred
the petition of Major J. L. Donaldson, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 145) for
the relief of Brevet Major James L. Donaldson, as-
sistant quartermaster of the United States Army.
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on Claim4?,
to whom was leferred the petition of James Sud-
dards, submitted a report,accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 148) for the relief of James Suddards;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was refened the petition of George II. Howell,
submitted a report* accompanied by a bill (S. No.
149) for the relief of George H. Howell. The bill
was read, and passed toa second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Henry S. Crabbe,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs; which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the memorial of Jane
Baker, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Richard E.
Randolph, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a motion
to print the message of the President of the United
States in relation to the Sound dues, communi-
cated to the Senate the 19th of January, reported
in favor of the motion; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury in relation to the print-
ing of Congress, communicated the 2d of Febru-
ary, reported in favor of the motion; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the report of the
Secietary of War in relation to appropriations
applicable to the War Department for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1857, the amount drawn and
balances remaining July 1,1857, and the amounts
carried to the surplus fund, communicated Jan-
uary 26, reported in favor of printing the same;
which was agreed to.
MEXICAN PROTECTORATE.
:l Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution:
Whereas,tho e wnt*connected with the numeioti-i efforts
j of tlx' people of Mexico, and ot Centra! Amenca, of this
i comment, to establish and maintain oidei and good govern
mem, Mnee then sepaiauon ttom the mofhei country, have
I so i,u io-ailted in failim* and rons-erpient aoarehv, •ind de
mon-tiated to the wot Id the inability ol *aid people to etlect
an object alike so deniable and nidi pcnsable to then
welfaie and pio.->peutv ; Theirkne,
Resolved, Thai the Committee on Foiei^n Relation-* be
iiwiuctcd to inquire into and tepoitto the Senate upon the
expediency ot the Government of the United States de-
elainig and maintaining an elTicient protectorate over the
Siate-i ol Mexico, Nicaiagua,Costa Rica,Guatemala, Hon
diiia*, and San Salvadoi, m buch foi m ami to such an ex-
tent a.*> shall be necessary to secure to the people of >anl
States the blowings of good and stable republican govern-
ment. .
Mr. WILSON. Let it lie over.
The preamble and resolution were accordingly
laid over under the rule.
EASTERN MAIL.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution 5
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pon Office and Post
Roads be m^ttucted to 1 mpuie if the. transmission of the mail
between Washington city and Boston cannot tie so expe-
dited as to pi event its detention in New Yoik twelve hours,
or moie, each night.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. YULEE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
130) amendatory of the act entitled "An act 111
addition to certain acts granting bounty lands to
certain officers and soldiers who have been en-
gaged in the military service of the United States,"
approved March 3,1855; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro- !
duce a bill (S. No. 141) to establish a port of entry 1
at Tom's River, New Jersey; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
146) making an appropriation for deepening the
channel of the St. Mary's river, in the State of
Michigan; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also, in pursuance of previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
147) making an appropriation for deepening the
channel over the St. Clair fiats, in the State of
Michigan; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLAY asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 150)
regulating the payments to invalid pensioners;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Commit-
tee on Printing, to whom was referred a motion
to print the petition of citizens of Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia, praying that the bill re-
ported by the select committee to restrain th 
issue of bank notes in the District of Columbia,
may not become a law, have instructed me to re-
port adversely to the printing, and to move that
it lie on the table, on the ground that it is only
of interest probably to the select committee that
have the subject-matter of that bill under their
consideration. I move that it lie on the table.
Mr. SL1DELL. I move that it be referred to
the select committee on that subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 think that is
the proper direction; but I did not deem it proper
to take the responsibility of proposing it. 1 with-
draw my motion.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
MINNESOTA LAND GRANT.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The same com-
mittee have had under consideration a motion to
print the report of the Secretary of the Intmor,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate, submit-
ting an estimate of the quantity of land which will
inure to Minnesota for railroad purposes, under
the act of March 3, 1857, and report adversely
to its printing. The report is of no very great
length; it is so short that any member of the Sen-
ate can read it in a minute; it will not make two
pages; and, indeed, hardly one, of octavo size.
We do not believe it will be of any avail at all to
print it; but we think it will lead to calls from
other States for reports showing what each State
is entitled to receive, or has received, and this
would lead to a large amount of printing in the
end. It is unnecessary, because any indi\idual
member can get the information without the cost
of printing. 1 report against its printing, and I
ask that the report be adopted.
The report was concurred in.
DEPARTMENTAL PRINTING.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senate,
some days ago, on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] adopted the following
resolution:
11 Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquue, and leport to the Senate, what amount has been
paid annually timing the last five > ear^, to each of the print-
ing establishments in the city of Washington, for punting
and advei tiding of any land, for the United States, other than
thai ordeied by either House of Uongie^s, whether done by
the direction of any Depaitment, or civil or mihtaiy officer
theieof. Also, whether the &ame has been paid under tho
piovi-aoiis oftheexi-aing law, and whethoranyamendmcnt
of existing laws is tieocs^aiy, in Older to secure proper econ-
omy in the pt Hiring expenditures of the Government j and to
repoit by bill oi otheiwise."
There are facts called for in this resolution that
no doubt are desirable. There are other duties
imposed on the committee, by virtue of this reso-
lution, which will take some considerable time for
them to fulfill. I refer to that part of the resolu-
tion which says they shall inquire "whether any
amendment of existing laws is necessary." The
committee are now engaged on the subject of
amendments to existing laws, and will prosecute
that inquiry with as much rapidity as they may
be able, until they bring forward such measures
as they believe should be adopted by Congress.
The resolution goes further, and directs an in-
quiry to be made as to the cost of public printing
done in this city not by order of Congress. The
proper mode of procuring that information is, of
couise, thiough the heads of the different Depart-
ments. The committee, therefore, ask to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the res-
olution, trusting that the Senator from Michigan
will bring in a resolution calling on the heads of
the Departments to state to us the cost of printing
of that character; and it will come more appro-
priately and satisfactorily before the Senate by
that means, we think, than by the process pro-
posed by the honorable Senator. The Commit-
tee on Printing have instructed me fro ask that
