1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
the V be discharged from the further consideration
of the resolution.
Mr. STUART. I think, if the committee un-
derstand this subject as I do, they will not press
the motion to be discharged. There are many
facts connected with the printing: of the Depart-
ments here which ought to be known to the Sen-
ate and to the public, and it seems to me are in-
dispensable to be krown, in order to enable our
committee to make necessary suggestions in re-
gard to the amendment of the law. For instance:
I am told by one of the assistants in the Post OiHce
Department that there are some thirty-five thou-
sand dollars annually spent there under existing
laws, which expenditure is of no earthly benefit
to the service at all. It is just so much money
thrown away. He told me, within three days,
that he could pointoutexpenchturestothe amount
of $35,000, which were wholly unnecessary for
the purposes of the Department. So undoubt-
edly it is with other Departments. I am of opin-
ion, also, that there are many expenditures for
public printing that are not sanctioned by any
law at all, and that there are the grossest abuses
practiced m regard to the printingemanating from
the Departments.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
will allow me to interrupt him. I see that this j
is to lead to a debate on the subject of printing, I
which must necessarily consume the residue of j
the morning hour. We know it is a vexed ques- j
tion, and I wish to suggest to the Senator that it 1
was not with reference to the merits of his reso-
lution at all that the committee asked to be dis-
charged from its consideration.
Air. STUART. I so understand it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. They simply
ask to be discharged for the reason that the com-
mittee behove the Senate can, with greater pro-
priety, and with certainly fully as much success,
obtain from the Departments the information de-
manded by the resolution, as can the Committee
on Printing, who have already their hands suffi-
ciently full. We have therefore asked to be dis-
charged with a view and expectation that the
Senator would offer a resolution calling on the
several Departments of the Government to furnish
the facts which he seeks to obtain, and to let us
know whether those facts have transpired under
their direction, or under any of their subordinates.
I suggest to the Senator that the Committee on
Printing believe the information can be obtained
with fully as much ease, and perhaps more prompt-
ness, by such a resolution; and we hope the duty
of hunting up these facts will not be devolved on
us. It seems to us the Senate can pass a resolu-
tion, calling for the information from each head
of the Departmentwith more ease and less trouble
than we could do; but if the Senate is not satisfied
to take that course, very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the duty of
the Chair to announce that the hour has arrived
for the consideration of the special order, which
is the bill to increase the military establishment of
the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Does it come
up at half past twelve o'clock?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the hour.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, Then this sub-
ject must lie over until to-morrow.
SPECIAL ORDERS.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to be allowed to make a few reports
before the special order is taken up.
Mr. STUART. I much prefer that the Sen-
ate should pass on this question. I am very clear
that the special order does not come up until one
o'clock; and I hope thatupon this occasion, when
there is, apparently, no very great solicitude on
the subject immediately before the Senate, that
point will be settled. There is nothing in the rule
which continues a special order from day to day,
at the hour for which it was first made a special
order. A special order is made for one o'clock,
and that being the hour of proceeding to the ordi-
nary general business of the Senate, on the expi-
ration of the morning hour the Senate proceeds to
the consideration of that, special order; but I pre-
sent this case for consideration: it is competent
for the Senate, undoubtedly, to make a special
order for half past two o'clock to-morrow. At
half past two o'clock to-morrow the Senate pro-
ceeds ta consider it, and then adjourns without dis-
posing of it. Will thatgo over until half past two
0 'clock the next day; and at every subsequent day
can it not be called up until half past two o'clock ?
1 think that after the day for which it was first
made a special order has passed, it then becomes
a special order among the other special orders, at
one o'clock. It takes its rank according to the
31st rule, which rank is decided by the day of its
date. The first day you take it up the hour
specified, because the assignment fixes the day
and the hour, but at all subsequent days it comes
up at one o'clock.
It is important to settle this question for this
reason: it frequently happens that in the hurry of
business, when the attention of Senators is called
away from the business before the body, some i
member has a special order made for half past
twelve o'clock. If that is to be continued from
day to day at that hour, it cuts us out from all the
morning business. Here is the Senator from
Georgia now obliged to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, in the morning hour, to intro-
duce a icsolution, or present a petition, or make
a report. If the Chair has not fully considered
the subject in his own mind, I suggest that he re-
consider the intimation he has made, and see if lam
not correct in saying that the hour for which a spe-
cial order is first fixed cannot be permanent. The
Senate may assign any hour to begin with; but
unless they follow up that assignment by saying
that it shall be the special order from day to day
at that hour, it necessarily goes into the mass of ;
special orders which are taken up at one o'clock,
und taken up according to the order of their ar-
rangement under the 3ist rule. I think the sug-
gestion I make in regard to a special order at half
past two o'clock is unanswerable, and shows that
the course which I have suggested is the proper
one. I think no Senator will contend that you
must wait every day until half-past two o'clock
before you can take up that special order.
I make the suggestion, as I said, becauso, there
being no great anxiety to-day about the measure
which is the special order, it is an opportune time
at which to fix the practice under the 31st rule of
the Senate. I think it clear—it is perfectly clear to
my own mind—that, after the first day, although
it may be fixed for half past twelve o'clock, it re-
mains a special order at one o'clock, and then to
take us rank according to the order prescribed in
the 31st rule.
Mr. WILSON. I would suggest that we pass
over informally the Army bill. The chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Davis,]
I am told, is confined by sickness to his house.
We have a special order for one o'clock, the In-
diana case, which is of great importance; and we
can spend the time from now to one o'clock in
doing morning business. We can pass the spe-
cial Older over until the Indiana case is disposed
of, and then take it up again. I move, therefore,
that it be postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan having raised the question in regard to
these special orders, the Chair feels bound to state
his opinion and the reason for it.
Mr. STUART. If the Chair prefers to take
the cour.se suggested by the Senator trom Massa-
chusetts, and look into the subject further, that
will be entirely agreeable to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is pre-
pared to announce his opinion upon the point.
He has considered it.
Mr. STUART. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The suggestion
now presented was made to me seveial days ago;
and the view of the Chair on the subject of these
special orders is this: he finds nothing in the
rules of the Senate which makes any particular
hour appropriate to special orders. They are
fixed for different periods. He does not find any
evidence that there is what is called a morning
hour in this body, as in the other branch of Con-
gress, and consequently the Senate sets special
orders for one hour, and sometimes for another;
some for one o'clock; some for half past twelve
o'clock, and some for two o'clock. He does not
find any evidence that one o'clock is the particu-
lar period for considering any special order, un-
less that hour is assigned for its consideration by
direction of the Senate. The object in assigning
a special order for half past tvvejve o'clock, is to
dispose of it if possible before the hour of one, at
which another and perhaps older special order
would come before the Senate. That being the
hourfixed for this special order, the Chait deemed
it his duty every day to call it up at half past twelve
o'clock; but when the hour of one arrived, he would
feel it his duty to call up an older special order
under the 31st rule, referred to by the Senator from
Michigan. He does not find any evidence that one
o'clock is the hour for special orders; but that the
special orders are to be called up at the hour for
which they have been assigned by the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I think there is a usage of the
Senate, designated in the Manual by Mr. Jeffer-
son as the old custom, that the business which
is laid over the day before comes up first at one
o'clock. I"speak from memory, but I think it
will be found that at one o'clock the business on
winch the Senate adjourned the day before is the
special order, unless some other is made by spe-
cial designation of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At one o'clock?
Mr. HUNTER. I think so, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT The Chair can
readily perceive that it would be more convenient
to consume an hour every morning in ordinary
business, petitions, reports, and resolutions; but
he felt it his duty to call up the special order at the
hour fixed by the Senate. Tf the Senate prefer to
have the understanding suggested by the Senator
from Michigan and the Senator from Virginia,
the Chair will be happy to pursue it hereafter.
Mr. STUART. I made the suggestion which
I submitted with great respect to the opinion of
the Chair, and certainly, I think, with a full ap-
preciation of the delicacy of his position. I do
not wish to take an appeal from the decision of
the Chair on any question, but I make these sug-
gestions for the consideration of the Senate; and
I hope the Senate will now come to the determ-
ination that, in regard to these special orders on
the subsequent days, the days after the first day
of taking them up, they will be considered as
coming up according to their order, at one o'clock.
That will not lead us into confusion, and it will
give us tune for our morning business, which is
fiequently very impoitant, indeed. !f that could
be the general understanding oi* the Senate at this
time, and the Chair would so regard it, I think it
would be found very conducive to the dispatch of
business hereafter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, then, the Chair will take the sense of the
Senate, not in regard to this question of order, but
in regard to the wishes of the body touching the
arrangement of the special orders. The Chair
will put it in this form: Is it the sense of the Sen-
ate that a special order which has been assigned
for one day at an earlier hour than one o'clock,
shall, if not finished on that day, fall into its
proper place and be called not before one o'clock
thereafter? If there is no objection, I will put
that question to the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I did not hear the Chair dis-
tinctly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the sense of
the Senato that orders which have been, or shall
be, assigned for an earlier hour than one o'clock,
shall, if not finished on that day, be not called
thereafter until one o'clock?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir; that is it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thoxft who favor
that practice will say ay;'' those of a contrary
opinion, " no." The ayes have it, and that will
be the order of business hereafter.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to throw out the
suggestion that we avoid making any special
orders within the morning hour.
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Chaii will allow me, I
will suggest that the arrangement of business, ac-
eording^to the usual course of proceeding which
I believe was tak^n under the discretion resting in
the Chair under parliamentary law, is given in the
Manual, and is such as I suggested:
"The Speaker is not precisely bound to any mlcs to
what biils or other matters snail befiivttak^n up, lint i< left
to his own di^cieuon, unless the Ilou&e decide to take up a
1; particulai vubjuct."
The VICE PRESIDENT.
amitied that.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. GREEN". I desire to ask trio Senate to
excuse the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Fitzpat-
rickI from serviec on the Commute# on Territo-
The Chair has ex-
