1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1808
permitted to fix his own time for discussing this
question. Every Senator knows that last week I
wanted this question brought up in order to have
it decided then. I am anxious to have it decided
now; and I desire to say to the Senator from Geor-
gia, that 1 will remain here as long as he will re-
main.
1 have no desire, no disposition to separate from
my friends, but I want to postpone this subject
until to-morrow,so thatgentlemen may come here
then with generous and kindly feelings,and set-
tle it as gentlemen and Senators representing the
freat States of this great Confederacy ought to do.
f, however, the Senator from Georgia and other
gentlemen are disposed to go on with it, I say go
on; I will stay here just as long as they please;
but it seems to me that gentlemen endued with the
kindly feelings that ought to characterize Senators,
should not act in this way. We cannot force them,
and they cannot force us, to a vote to-night. It 1
must take its regular course, do as you will. Sen-
ators must discuss this subject; and when it has
exhausted itself the vote will be taken. Let us sep-
arate now and meet to-morrow; let us not quarrel
with each other, and occupy the whole night, and
find ourselves to-morrow morning, as six or eight
weeks ago we found ourselves—contending with
each other for the whole night, and in the morn-
ing finding ourselves where we started. I have a
distinct recollection of the unpleasant incidents of
that night. 1 propose that we meet to-morrow in
our places, discuss the subject as Senators should
discuss it, and let it terminate as the question will
terminate itself. They cannot force us, and we
have no desire to force them. I know that the !
majority is against the side with which I act, but j
they cannot prevent us from expressing our views, '
if they would, and I do not think they would. ■
For that reason, I desire delay. !
Mr. BROWN. I must say that I have no idea
of going into this night session—not the least.
Other Senators may sit here and punish them-
selves if they will; I will not, because I know per-
fectly well that it is to end in nothing but the
simple punishment of ourselves. We may sit
until six or seven o'clock in the morning, then
to-morrow we shall do nothing, and the next day
we shall come back to the consideration of the j
question. I am not very well prepared to meas- j
ure intellectual strength with anybody. 1 feel still j
less prepared, or still less willing, to compare mere j
brute strength with anybody. Since I have been j
in Congress, I have seen night sessions tried over j
and over again m the House and in the Senate, j
and I have seldom evcrseen them amount to any- ;
thing but a dead failure. You may do this: you !
may have this trial of strength until you have a fai:*
proposition from one side or the other, and when
you get it, it is always sensible to accept it; and
the earliest moment you extract such aproposi- j
tion, the better it is for both sides. Now I am j
disposed to close with any proposition by which j
we shall postpone the consideration of this bill .
until to-morrow, come here and debate it then de-
cently and in Older until the usual hour of ad- :
journment, or even a later hour, and then adjourn, j
if we do not get the vote until Wednesday, well; |
if we do not get it until Thursday, well. I hope !
at least we shall have it this week. ;
I have heard of the private reasons, or many of ;
them, assigned why there may be some possible j
motive for postponing this subject until Wednes- ;
day. There may be some vague idea of that sort i
affecting the minds of gentlemen; but men of j
sense ought to consider how much there is in it i
by possibility. What can there be in it? Is j
there a member of the House so stupid snot to !
know that, so soon as the Senate comes to a vote, ,
they will pass the bill or pass this substitute? j
Docs not all the country know that? ;
Then it has been said that there is to be some
returning sentiment from the country. Where is !
it to comc from ? How soon is it expected back ? '
You would have to postpone this question two or
three weeks in oidei to get the senument of the :
country to influence anybody's action here, either '
one way or the other. I have not, from the be- ;
ginning, been in i'avor of forcing the question j
now. I would rather have it; I desire to have it
now. I want no tune to think about it. I dare
say others may not have made up their minds. '
I do not want to make a speech; 1 am willing to '
stand before the country on my naked vote. Other i
Senatora may want to make speeches. Suppose
we vote not to allow them to do so: if we tried,
we could not do it. That is the point: if we tried
to do it, we should fail
1 am willing to see the question postponed until
to-morrow; then to take it up, and let anybody
debate it who chooses to talk until a reasonable
hour, and then adjourn. I shall vote for such
a proposition. If the Senate overrule me, very
well. If Senators choose to punish themselves
by staying all night, I do not mean to do it; I
shall go home and go to sleep, and 1 do not intend
that the Senate shall drag me out of my bed at
midnight to come and sit here. When I was
sent here it was to legislate at proper hours. I
do not intend to risk my life; I think it is worth
something to me, if not to the country; I mean to
preserve it. I cannot appreciate this thing. I can-
not see the meaning of it. If there were a determ-
ination on the other side of the Chamber to resist
the passage of the bill to an indefinite period, or
even an unreasonable period, then I would be for
sitting it out, making a trial of physical strength
before the country, so that the judgment of the
country may rest upon those who may be dis-
posed to delay and defeat action upon a great
public measure; but they show no such disposi-
tion.
Now, sir, 1 have been kept in leading strings
all day. I have felt that this whole proceeding
was not right from the early part of the morning,
and I have been all along thinking that we were
wasting time unnecessarily. I will now say a
word which I have felt it due to my conscience
from the beginning to say. Sometimes I have
voted with my friends, and at others I have not
voted at all. To act upon a hill when it is in the
other House I have thought is not right. I have
not been able to see how you are to amend or
adopt a substitute for a bill that is not in your pos-
session. I have not seen how the thing can be
done. You might as well undertake to stick a pin
in the air. The moment you letgo of itit falls to
the ground, because there is nothing to sustain it.
To adopt a substitute for a bill is in the nature
of an amendment. You strike out all but the
enacting clause, which remains, and insert other
words. If the bill is not here, how are you to do
it? I do not believe that it can be done; but I
have deferred to the judgment of friends. We
have had an Indian chief here lately called Hole-
m-the-day. I have always thought that lie had
an absurd name; but I do not think it is any more
absurd than this idea of proceeding with the con-
sideration of a biil which is in the other House
of Congress. When the bill is here, then you can
legislate on it.
Now, sir, 1 want to illustrate this. Suppose
that the absent Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bates,] who has not been here at all, had come
in this morning for the first time, been sworn m,
and had said, as he might properly have said, not
having heard the debates or read or studied the
bills, the first thing presented to him being a sub-
stitute for ctnoiher bill, "I <tsk to have the bill
read, so that I may know what 1 am voting upon:"
then you would either have to refuse to allow a
new Senator, who was not present when the Sen-
ate acted on it, to hear the bill read, or admit that
it was m the other House, and you could not
do it.
I take it that the law which governs this case
must be the same as is applied to every other case;
that you have not a pai liamentary law for one bill
and another parliamentary law for another biil;
that the law must be uniform, and it is your busi-
ness to apply it to all cases. Suppose the Senator
from Virginia brings in a report from a committee
of conference on one of your appropriation bills,
with lif y or sixty or one hundred amendments,
and reports to you that the committee of confer-
ence agree to accept amendments number one,
five, fiiteen, thirty,and so on,and to reject amend-
ments number three, fourteen, and eighteen, and
as to certain others, agree to take tli$m, with cer-
tain amendments which they propose, and report j
them all together: I want to know if I am to be 1
forced to vote on them without knowing what
amendment number one, five, or fifteen, means?
If I demand the reading of them, am I to be told
that I have no right to do it ? Must I vote in the
dark—vote absolutely on an amendment which I
have not heard? If I have a right to hear them,
then must not the bill also be here so that it may
be read ? If it is in the other House, have I not a
right to delay the proceeding until the bill shall be
brought here ? I know that sometime® the prac-
tice has been different, but I have yet tb learn
where there has been an objection raised that this
has not been ruled ? It has always been the:par-
liamentary law. We do a great many things f^ere
by common consent; nob.ody objects; but wh^re
the objection is raised, and any Senator insists on
having them read, he has a right to have th6m
read, to know whether the substitute is in order
or not, or whether it is proper or not. That is
my opinion about it.
But, sir, on the point at issue, I thought it was
right to receive the report. I think now, if Sen-
ators give notice that they want to debate it, it is
right to take it up and debate it; but I still have
my doubts whether you should take the vote upon
it before you have the bill before you. 1 d'o not
say those doubts may not be removed, but I have
listened to six or seven hours'discussionhere, and
they are not removed thus far. For that reason
I want to see the bill taken up, its consideration
appointed for to-morrow, and then let the debate
go on. If the House never sends the bill here, I
never want to vote on it. If they do send it here,
I want to take the vote on it the instant it appears
in the Senate. Suppose you take the vote and
pass the bill: what will you do with.it? Will that
facilitate the vote of the House? They have got
the report of their own committee and will act
upon that, and not upon what you do here. Your
action will be an unsubstantial nullity. As I said
before, it is like an attempt to stick a pin in the
air, and does not amount to anything For these
reasons I hope the bill will be taken up and post-
poned until to-morrow; that we shall then adjourn,
meet here to-morrow, take up this subject at the
hour appointed, and go on with the debate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Georgia
seems to be under the impression that we are
afraid to have the vote taken here, for fear that it
would influence the members of the House. It
never occurred to me that members of the House
were in danger of being controlled or influenced
by the voles of the Senate. It never occurred to
me that anybody could suppose that the members
of the House were going to be controlled by the
votes of Senators. It never occurred to me to
impute such a motive for trying to force the vote
before Wednesday, that it was to coerce and con-
trol and intimidate members of the House. It
never ucouircd to me that that was the motive on
the one side or the other. I never supposed that
the members of the House were to be influenced
in their votes and controlled m them by the terror
of the great names that come down from the Sen-
ate. Never having had an apprehension of that
kind, it never entered into my mind to procure a
postponement of the vote in order to have the
great influence of these overshadowing names
upon members of the House. 1 cannot believe
now that that is a motive for pressing the post-
ponement. The Senator from Georgia says it is
not on that side. If it is not, then certainly it
does not enter into the question at all; for if he
does not oppose the postponement for the pur-
pose of having the names of Senators go down
to the House of Representatives, then he has no
right to suppose that we are influenced by that
motive in asking for the postponement. Hence
I think that the intimation that that was the mo-
tive for postponement is obviated by the declara-
tion that he does not suppose it would influence
them.
Mr. GREEN. I am as anxious as anybody to
get a vote to-night; but I really do not wish to
prejudice anybody's rights by pressing it.' But
1 think rights are mutual. All on this side of the
Chamber desired to take the vote on Saturday;
on the other side it is now desired not to take the
vote until next Wednesday.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Thursday.
Air. GREEN. Wednesday was the proposi-
tion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, no; Thursday.
Mr. GREEN. Well, say Thursday. What
is a fair compromise ? Surely the majority of the
Senate, on whom the responsibility rests, ought
not to go more than half way. We have given
way from Friday up to to-day. This whole day
has been exhausted by unpailiamentary motions
