1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2827
of postages collected upon American lines has
been gradually diminishing; and, whenever the
postages upon American lines diminish, there is
a correspondent augmentation on the postages
gained by foreign lines, and this reacts upon our
Government in a twofold manner. Not only are
our own receipts diminished, bu.t, under the ar-
rangements by which foreign postages are now
collected, large commissions are allowed to the
postmasters for collecting the postages due to the
foreign lines; and the consequence has been,
strange as it may appear, that, as the number of
our trips to foreign countries by our mail steamers
has diminished, the expenses of our Government
for those trips have increased. I have before me
a statement showing a gradual diminution m the
numberof the trips of our steamers, and the quan-
tity of mail matter carried abroad; and one would
naturally suppose that the less the service the less
the cost ought to be upon any judiciqus system;
whereas, in point of fact, as our service dimin-
ishes our expenses increase under the system that
now prevails. In 1855, we made fifty-two trips
across the ocean; the Government of the United
States collected §731 ,f>75 forpostages, and paid out
for commissions on foreign mail matter $10U,768,
leaving a balance to the credit of the Government
of $G30,907. Deducting that from the amount
paid for the foreign service, and the cost to the
Government in that year was but ^ 104,000. In
the following year the trips were diminished; but
instead of the cost to the Government being di-
minished, the true expenses were increased to
§135,000. In the year 1857 the trips were still
further reduced to forty from the original amount,
fifty-two; and that brought us in debt $431,000.
So the fewer trips we make the more money we
pay.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator will excuse me for
interposing an explanation at this point to prevent
an improper effect from the table ho has before
him. The postages received by the United States
in 1855 were largely increased m consequence of
the fact that several of the British steamers were
withdrawn for transport service to the Crimea;
and the income of the United States during the
last year was greatly diminished by the fact that
the Collins line substituted for their trips the
steamer Ericcson, on board of winch people gen-
erally would not send letters, because she was
always behind time. That is the explanation of
the difference; and it is proper that that explana-
tion should be made to prevent a misconception
of the results exhibited by the table.
Mr. REXJAM1N. I was aware of those facts,
and i was going to ad vet t to them; but I am grat-
ified that the Senator from Florida has spared me
the necessity of doing so. They do not, how-
ever, touch my argument to this extent—and this
is the point I am aiming at—that under our pres-
ent system, from some cause which it is not ne-
cessary now to go into or to attempt to develop,
there is something so faulty that the more you
dimmish the number of trips, the heavier appear
to be the expenses of the Government. In 1855,
whatever be the cause, we really performed fifty-
two trips on the ocean, and the service cost the
Government $100,000, over and above the post-
ages received. In 1857 we had butfoity trips
across the ocean—twelve trips less—at a cost to
the Government of $433,000. Now, whether the
diminution in the number of trips arose fiom one
cause or another, the fact is clear that there were
fewer trips in that year, twelve trips fewer, and
they cost the Government a great deal more.
Mr, YULEE. But the Senator misunderstood
me. 1 did not mean that it was altogether because
of the fewer trips; but because a part of those trips
were peiformed by an inadequate vessel, which
took no mails; that is to say, mails were put on
board, but the mails contained very few letters,
and we received no postage of consequence, and
yet she received full pay.
Mr. BENJAMIN. "That is true to some ex-
tent, and may, perhaps, weaken the force of the
argument lam advancing to a certain extent; but
my intention now is to draw to the attention of
the Senate the exceedingly defective system on
which our foreign postal communication is carried
on, and at the same time urge on Senators some
considerations, which, in my judgment, ought to
induce us to pause before we adopt the principle
of giving to each line the postages made upon
that line, as remuneration for carrying the mail.
I am satisfied that there-are foreign mails on par-
ticular lines which would yield to the contractors,
on such a system, a great deal more than any
contract system would require us to pay; whilst,
on the other hand, there are lines which it would
be exceedingly important for the country to es-
tablish, that can never be put on a permanent
footing with such a system as that. That is what
I wish to call to the attention of the Senate.
Now, in relation to the particular amendment
before the Senate as regards the Collins line, I
must say that I do not share the opinions of the
gentleman fiom Virginia, or my friend from Geor-
gia, in this point of view. If it be once taken for
granted, as the Finance Committee of the Senate
concede by the measure which they have brought
forwaid, that the Collins contract isstiil in foice,
I cannot conceive for what reason, if it be bene-
ficial to our Government, we should not have the
mails carried to Southampton, if that should also
prove to be acceptable to the contractor. The Sen-
ator from Michigan has pointed out to the Sen-
ate that by the terms of the amendment there is
no provision at all in favor of the contractor; there
j is nothing in it that authorizes the contractor to
carry the mail to Southampton; but it is a pro-
vision which authorizes the Postmaster General
to bargain with him to carry it to Southampton
if lie will consent.
Upon what basis is thisproposition maintained?
If I understand it, it is tins: the Collins line com-
prises steamers which cost vastly more than any
other line which connects us with foreign coun-
ties'. I am not here to stand up in defense of
that line; i believe it has been most nnseiably
managed; I believe that it is owing to the mis-
management, and, I may add from public rumor,
to the corruption which has accompanied the es-
tablishment of that line, that such a great disfavor
is felt in the country towards the foieign mail
service; but the contract is conceded to be still m
existence by the Finance Committee. Now what
advantages will the Government of the United
States gain by carrying the mail to Southampton?*
That is ail I look at. Is there any advantage the
Government will attain by requiring the mail to
be earned to Southampton instead of Liverpool?
1 think there is, both in point of time and m point
of expense, an advantage so apparent to the Gov-
ernment that 1 cannot conceive why we should
refuse to accept it, simply because it may also be
beneficial to the conhactor. That advantage con-
sists in this: in the first place, your mails to the
continent will reach the continent twenty-four
hours sooner by touching at Southampton, and
being carried across to Havre, than by taking
them up the Mersey to Liverpool, from thence,
conveying them to London across England, and
thence to the continent. There must be at least
a gain of twenty-four hours by that refute. There
is the gain of tune. Next there is the gam of
money If you take your mails from this side,
and deliver them at Southampton, and at South-
ampton put them at once on the small steamer
which carries them accross the Channel to the
French coast, you avoid the payment of the en-
tire amount that is charged by England for the
passage of the continental mail through England,
and that i3 a very heavy item.
Now, if we can economize time and economize
money for the Government, for travelers, for the
commercial community at laige, shall we say that
we will refuse these advantages bccausc it may
also be to the advantage of the contractor to ac-
cept this modification ? I look upon this matter,
as regards the Government, m the same light that
I would look at it if 1 were myself personally in-
terested. If I had made this contract with Col-
lins, on the conditions which now exist, 1 would
cheerfully change the terminus on the other side,
if any ad vantage was to be involved in the change,
even if it was a benefit to him. I would tiy to
get out of him something for the change, if I
thought I could; but if I could not, 1 would let it
go, and reap all the advantages I could for myself.
If it is believed that the advantages for Collins so
far preponderate over those which may result to
our own Government as to enable us to exact from
him some diminution of his mail pay, 1 say at
once, make the best bargain for the Government
you can that is consistent with dealing not too
severe, not too stringent; but if, on the other hand,
the advantages are equally poised, I really eaunot
see why v/e should refuse a national benefit be-
I cause the contractor is thereby also benefited. If
i gentlemen will show me that our Government is
j to be injured at all by the change, if we are not
| to receive an advantage, I say make no change
i unless he pays us an equivalent; but if we are
i benefited, and he also be benefited, let us, in
, God's name,do what is beneficial to all,and harms
! none.
| Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, inasmuch as the
; action of the Senate upon the amendment pro-
I posed by the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
i nance might be more or less affected by their dis-
| position in respect to the general subject of ocean
I mail transportation, 1 deemed it proper to cause to
! be read to the Senate the amendment designed by
: the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
; and inasmuch as it has been read to the Senate,
; I think it may be proper to accompany it with a
i very few remarks, in explanation of the policy
; upon which the Committee on the Post Office and
| Post Roads have placed themselves in respect to
I this subject.
i There were a great many applications from par-
! ties desirous of establishing new lines of steam-
I ers, which were referred to the Committee on the
! Post Office and Post Roads. They gave much
I consideration to the subject, and I believe unan-
! imously concluded that it was not expedient to
I recommend, in the present condition of the Treas-
. ury, any contracts for new lines. While they
j were not disposed to disturb existing contracts,
I they were not disposed to recommend any new
i ones; but the.committee were of opinion that the
' opportunity might be seized to inaugurate a new
■ system upon which the postal service on the ocean
j might, so far as Europe, especially, was con-
! cerned, rest for the future, and that by legislating
upon the matter now, the new system might ac-
j quire footing enough to be able to succeed the
j present contract service upon the expiration of
their respective terms.* At the same time it is to
i be conceded, as suggested by the Senator from
I Louisiana, that there are other routes which, in
: the opinion of Congress, may subserve a public
interest that could not be sustained by the income
from postages upon the letters conveyed. There
| may be lines which, from diplomatic consider'
; ations or from commercial considerations, it may
1 be deemed advisable to establish. There may be
1 continental lines, lines upon the American coast,
I to South America, the establishment of which
! may serve a diplomatic and American policy, but
i which could not be sustained by postages. If it
i be deemed advisable to establish such lines, the
' propriety of doing so would addi ess itself to other
i considerations than postal; and the Post Office
i Committee did not deem the time propitious, if
j they were even charged with the subject in that
view of it, for the recommendation of any new
j lines; but in their opinion, the legislation they
I pioposed was likely to result in the establishment
! of a very successful trans-Atlantic European ser-
vice, winch would entirely supersede the neces-
' sity of special contracts.
; The official returns of the Post Office Department
; exhibit the fact that the postages, sea and inland,
: upon the European mails, are very stable, and for
several years past present a nearly similar amount.
Including m the calculation the receipts by the
Bntish as well as American steamers, the total
amount of postage on the mails which cross the
Atlantic to Liverpool, Havre, and Bremen, is
j $1,473,233 61 a yetEr —nearly a million and a half
— and it is an increasing sum. There is agradual
increase, so that the increase of last year may be
safely calculated upon in our legislation. The
British maintain a weekly line, alternately, from
Boston and New York. If we establish a weekly
line alternating with them, with good steamers,
we may fairly expect to receive one half the total
amount, which would be nearly eight hundred
thousand dollars—a sum quite equal to that which
is paid by the British Government for weekly
service by the Cunard line. If, therefore, the
Post Office Department, with good judgment,
1 make a contract for a weekly service, touching at
such points as may best accommodate the postal
requnements in the intercourse between the two
continents, there is every reason to believe that
an income may be derived from it fully equal to
i that which is received by the Cunard" line, and
1 therefoie fully equal to the support of a line.
Eveiy postal purpose of the Government, all its
' postal policy in connection with the ocean &tcam
