718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
ries, on account of his very severe illness, and to
appoint some one in his place until his return. It
is important that the committee should bo full, so
as to discharge the important duties referred to
thorn.
The question was taken, and Mr. Fitzpatrick
was excused: and the Vice President being au-
thorized to fill the vacancy, appointed Mr. Clay.
TURKISH VICS ADMIRAL.
On motion of Mr. Mason, the joint resolution
(S. No. 38) for the reception of Vice Admiral Meh-
med Pasha, of theTurkish navy, and to facilitate
the objects of his mission in superintending the
construction of a vessel of "war m the United
States, was read a seeond time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MASON. I will only say that it is well
understood in the intercourse between the United
States and the nations of the East, that courtesies
and hospitalities of this kind are very highly ap-
preciated, and lead to very useful results, it has
been recommended by the Secretary of State to
the committee, and we coidially concurred with
him. The Admiral is expected to arrive every
day; and it is desirable, therefore, if anything is
done, that it should be done at once.
Mr. CLAY. Perhaps I do not understand the
import or the intention of (his resolution. If it is
not to cost any money, if it is a mere national
courtesy, I have no objection whatever to it; but
if the proposition is to give a carte-blancke to the
Administration to expend whatever amount of
money they may think expedient, or which they
may think courtesy requires for this distinguished
Tuikish official, I object to it. I do not tlunk that
the Constitution warrants the expenditure of
money byany Executive Departmentof the Gov-
ernment unless there be an appropriation by law.
That is my reading of it and my interpretation of
it. This mode of expending money is above all
others the most, ohjt ctionable to me. Why, air,
there is no limitation whatever upon the power
or the discretion of the Administration. It may
expend $5,000, or $10,01)0, or $>100,000.
I think we have had some experience that ought
to admonish m of ihe folly of these national
courtesies. We expended, according to my in-
formation—I rely upon newspaper ivpoits—a
large amount of money upon aTi.ikish impostor,
■who MUiie yea is since <ame heie ieproscnting
himself as sumo distinguished o'lieial there. We
expended upon the vino bills, the cigars, and the
viands of Kossuth, at Browns5 Hotel, as I under-
stand, some fto,0UU; and that was but a small part
of the money expended. What was the fruit of
it? What did we make by it ? What benefit was
realized by tins country from these large expend-
itures5 None whatever.
I am opposed to this resolution. It is a prop-
osition which, on its face, is very inoffensive and
unobjectionable; but it is a proposition which
conceals its purpose. It does not discover what
amount is to be expended, or how it is to be ex-
pended; and it is just transferring to the Admin-
istration a power which, under the Constitution,
belongs only to Congress—that of appropriating
money. Hence I shall vote against it, and I shall
ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. MASON. The Senator says there is no
limit upon the expendituie of money under the
. resolution. The limit is the scope and object of
the resolution. I can hardly suppose that any
President, or anybody else who is authorized to
extend ordinary courtesies and civilities to a
stranger, can expend $100,000, or £30,000, or
$5,000. The limit is m the scope and purpose of
the resolution. I do not know that any money
will be expended. The resolution merely pro-
vides that this officcr shall be leceived in a man-
ner consonant to his rank. I suppose the amount
of it will be to direct some proper officer of our
Navy to receive him and provide for his personal
wants, and see that the objects of his mission are
effected. It may cost a lew hundred dollais, or
a few thousands; but the limit is in the scope of
the resolution. I should ha\ e no objection to make
an appropriation, if we knew what it would be.
The honorable Senator, [suppose, is aware that
it has been the practice of the Government to ap-
propriate money for the purpose of conforming to
the usages of eastern nations in more instances
thanone,asamattcrof courtesy only. There was
Rppiopnated, I think, $10,000, the other day—for
what purpose? To make presents, in conform-
ity to eastern custom, on the exchange of trea-
ties with the Shah of Persia. The usage is theirs,
not ours; we only conform to it. I should have
no objection, in the world, to put an appropria-
tion m the resolution, if 1 knew what the amount
would be. I suppose it will be a few hundreds or
a few thousands.
The honorable Senator says he is not aware
of any benefit comingfrom these national courte-
sies. At the last Congress, when we provided
for restoring the ship Ilesolute to England, Con-
gress required that the ship should be refitted and
returned in a perfect manner, and appropriated
no money, but the scope of the resolution showed
the extent of expenditure. I do not know what
was expended; I dare say, though, some thiuy
ot forty thousand dollars. Certainly not less than
thn ty or forty thousand dollars were expended in
I; putting that ship in perfect order. I do know
j1 —not from newspaper report only, but from the
|; official correspondence which ensued on lhatevent
—that the restoration of that ship went more to
j: fix the national feeling in Great Britain towards
:j this country than any event that had ever oc-
| cui red.
i As to this small matter, the Sultan has sent one
' of his principal naval officers here to superintend
{ the construction of a slnp-of-thc-linc. If he came
!; from any European Government he would be re-
j! ceived as any European gentleman is, with the
'■ pnvate courtesies or the official courtesies of the
Government; but he comes from a people who
are accustomed to a different sort of reception. I
should think that the proprieties of usage would
be that we should conform, within proper limits,
to their customs. That is the whole object of the
resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I shall not go
over again the case of Kossuth. I expressed my
opinion on that at the time, and have never seen
any cause to regret the demonstration which was
; made hy the Government of the United States,
showing its sympathy with the cause of freedom
in Europe.
In regard to the case of the Turkish officer,
Amin Bey, who was received m a manner some-
what similar to this a few years ago, I expected
the chairman of the Committee on Foiejgu Rela-
tions would conect the ciror into which the Sen-
ator from Alabama has fallen on that subject.
Amin Bey was no impostor. He was a visiter
here, and came with letters and credentials from
theTurkish Government. The Grand Sultan took
an intercstin his coming—indicated a wish thathc
should come; and he communicated to this Gov-
ernment his desire that he should be received with
courtcsy and distinction. He was an officer of
very considerable position; I do not remember
what. After he completed his visit, and leturned
toTuikey, the Tuikish Government expressed
the satisfaction with which they regarded the, re-
ception that had been given to him. Now, I do
not know, sir, how much has been made by that
act of courtesy, but I do know that it cost very
httln; and that, though courtesies may not be re-
turned m money in this world, acts of kindness,
politeness, hospitality, and generosity, are always
compensated by equivalents of some kind.
A word now with regard to this particular case.
Heretofore, as everybody knows, there has been
: no minister from Tuikcy in this country. The
j Turkish Government has remained in a state of
1 seclusion, so far as this Government is concerned,
j except as we have penetrated it, by keeping a
i minister resident at Constantinople. The Turk-
| ish Government gives its orders for the rnanu-
i facturcs of more civilized nations, generally to
j France and England. It has seen fit, in the pres-
; ent case, to notice the fact that the sciences and
: arts are developed to a very high decree m the
United States; and notwithstanding the competi-
tion, in the councils of the Turkish Government,
, as to the place where a national vessel should be
! built, it has concluded to send a naval officer hero,
for the purpose of having one constructed in the
United States. lie is to come here for that pur-
pose. This resolution barely contemplates that
he shall be teceived according to Ins rank as a
naval officer, not otherwise; and that he shall
have ail the facilities which this Government can
afford, for inspecting the naval establishments of
the United States, the places and establishments
where ships-of-war are built. The effcct of it
probably will be, that many of the Oriental na-
tions will be brought into closer communication
with the United States.
It seems to me, that if it was wise (as no one
can doubt) that we should open Japan to oui com-
merce, that we should have a representative in
China, and that wc should seek to extend our
commerce into that empire, the same policy dic-
tates that we should encourage any demonstration
which the Turkish Government may make to-
wards us of a similar character. If it be true, as
I suppose it is, that this is according to the Ori-
ental custom, we are but returning to the Turkish
Government the same civilities which other na-
tions, whether civilized or barbarian, extend to
the Turkish Government, and which they extend
to all other Governments.
Mr. HUNTER. I regret very much to oppose
this resolution, but real!"3* it seems to me to be
establishing a bad precedent I do not agree that
Turkey stands in ihe rank of barbarous nations.
We should not treat an agent from any of the
civilized Governments of Europe in this way, and
I do not see why we should extend these civilities
and make this appropriation in order to accom-
modate a Turkish mmwtcr, and refuse them to
the agents of the other Governments of Europe. I
think it is a precedent which may lead to ill con-
sequences hereafter.
Mr. MASON. Will my colleague allow me to
put a question ? My colleague, I presume, voted
thn other day for the appropriation of $10,000 to
make presents to the Shah of Persia, 011 the occa-
sion of exchanging ratifications of the treaty. Did
he disapprove that policy ?
Mr. H UiNTER. The Shah of Persia stands in
a very different relation to this country, and to the
civilized world. I think lie does come within the
rank of those to whom we might extend extraor-
dinary courtesy; but I do not put the Sultan of
Turkey in the same rank as the Shah of Persia.
I think lie is iaHier to be recognized among the
civilized Powers of Europe, and I should be un-
willing to set this pieccdont.
Mr. BIGGS. It may be unfashionable to refer
to the power of Congress to make an appropria-
tion of this kind, after the numerous precedents
that have been cited to the contrary; but I should
like to know where is the power under the Con-
stitution of the United States for us to appropriate
money to carry a Turkish officer from one portion
of this country to another. I should like to know
under what clause of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States we have the right to appropriate money
for the purpose of showing a Turkish officer about
this country. I do not understand that there is
any such power in the Constitution of the United
States. It seems to me that m the present state
of the Treasury, it is about as much as we can do
to pay the expenses we arc authorized to incur
under the Constitution—to pay our own officers.
The idea of appropriating an indefinite sum (for
this resolution is totally indefinite, so far as the
appropriation is conccmed) for this civility, as it
is called, towards this Turkish officer, it strikes
me ought not to be entertained for one moment in
the Senate.
It seems to me that the President of the United
States has the power to extend the advantages pro-
posed by this resolution to be given to this Turk-
ish officer to investigate our naval establishments,
and gam all the information he possibly can from
an inspection of our naval architecture. He has
already that power; and 1 have no doubt this duty
would be performed, on his part, in a becoming
manner, and in a grateful manner to the Turkish
officer who is expected; but that is not the object
of the present resolution. The object is to get
through Congress an indefinite appropriation to
pay the expenses of this Turkish officer. If the
resolution is to pass, I insistupon it that we ought
to have some limitation as to the amount. Being
j opposed to it out and out, 1 shall vote against tho
i resolution entirely; but for the purpose of limiting
I it, and making it. as perfect as possible, I propose
' a proviso, that the expenditure hereby authorized
shall not exceed $5,000.
| Mr. HALE. I was in my seat, last year, I think
i it was, when a report came 111 from the Committee
i on Foreign Relations, proposing to buy the ship
| Resolute and make a present of it to the Queen
; of Great Biituin. I had the same difficulty then
that the Senator from Noith Carolina has now, as
• to the constitutional power; and I looked to the
