1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
and questions not affecting the real matter to be
decided by the Senate. It is now seven o'clock
at night, and the same matter remains for us yet
to consider. Shall we decide this to-morrow or
on Wednesday ? The majority of the Senate de-
sire early action on the subject; and it is to them
that the country looks for action; for while the
majority and the minority have equal rights,
the majority have the whole responsibility, and I
really think the minority ought to respect that re-
sponsibility a little. If they go wrong, they are
condemned by public sentiment; if they go right,
they are sustained. Now, having yielded that
far, can they not yield enough to come back and
say, " we will take this subject up; wc will make
it the special order for to-morrow at twelve or
half past twelve o'clock; we will discuss it as long
as anybody desires to discuss it, with this qual-
ification: that we will take the vote to-morrow at,
say five o'clock, seven o'clock, six o'clock, or
three o'clock?" I cannot consent to postpone it
later.
Mr. KING. Say Thursday.
Mr. GREEN. I cannot say Thursday. Per-
haps Friday would suit gentlemen on the other
side best, because that is hangman's day.
Mr. HALE. I have sat all day and listened
to this war of the leaders, and if any scheme like
that suggested by the Senator from Georgia has
existed here, it has not been disclosed to me, and
I am entirely innocent and ignorantof it. I know
of nothing to be gained by it. 1 have no desire
in this matter, except honestly and faithfully to
do the business of the Senate as well as I may.
If the leaders have any schemes in regard to this
subject, they have not been divulged to me; but
I suppose I am at liberty, as a private, to suggest
what I think the proper course of the Senate would
be; and itis, in the first place, toadjourn. I think
that is our first duty which we owe to ourselves
and to the country. We can then come here to-
morrow and take this bill up, and if anybody
wants to talk, so long as they talk reasonably and
sensibly, (which requirements they do not always
observe,) let them do it; and if we come to five
or six o'clock, and we are ready to vote, let us
vote; but if at that time there are some gentlemen
who still want to express themselves, and there
is no manifestation of a factious disposition to
prolong the consideration of the subject, I think
it is due to them lo adjourn again. But 1 tlunk
it is the understanding (and, so far as I spenk, I
am certainly willing to be bound by it, and I think
my friends around me are) that although we may
not agree certainly and inevitably to vote to-mor- j
row, yet if, in the progress of a fair cxercise of a |
constitutional prerogative of discussion, they can '
vole to-morrow at five o'clock, they will do it;
and if they cannot, they will vote the next day.
With that understanding—if anybody dissents, I
hope they will do it now—I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall take up the
bill first., and then adjourn on it.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. RENJAMIN. I have witnessed with some
regret, Mr. President, the renewal of the scenes
we had here some time ago, and I would desire
very much to avert it if possible. 1 do not believe
that any vote can be taken by remaining here ;
to-night; and I must confess, in the absence of j
any consultation that I have been able to have ,
with friends on the subject, looking at it with the
lights that I have been able to gather, 1 do not see
a sufficient motive for endeavoring to force us into I
a night session. If the gentlemen who are op- ;
posed to this measure, and who are now urging j
an adjournment, (I believe an adjournment is not !
urged by anybody who is in favor of this meas- i
ure,) want to satisfy the country why they vote j
against this particular amendment—they can ex- -
pect no change of votes in the Senate undoubtedly ;
—they can put their views before the country in |
an hour apiece; and that will take a couple of |
days, perhaps three. That will leave the rest of j
us to attend to other business; and they can go on
and make their speeches. They can get through j
what they want to say, and we can get the vote ;
on Wednesday or Thursday, or perhaps to-mor- j
row. We shall be certain to get the vote during
the week, in accordance with the wishes of gen- j
tlemen all around us. ,
Now, sir, it is said they have an object to gain !
by allowing the House to vote before the Senate
votes on Wednesday. I do not see how we are
to prevent them attaining that object, if there is
one to be gained. They have a right to discuss
the question presented by the committee of con-
ference , and forty-eight hours might be consumed
in a discussion on its merits. If gentlemen choose
to discuss its merits in the same style in which the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] dis-
cussed them some time ago, by giving way to
every motion that may be made, it would take
rather more than forty-eight hours.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think the gentleman
from Louisiana should complain of that, as he
now holds the floor by my indulgence.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am not complaining of it.
On the contrary, I am expressing my admiration
of this new parliamentary maneuver. It is one
practiced for the first time, and is refreshing from
its novelty. Now, sir, if we are going to gain
nothing, why not let these gentlemen indulge in
speeches to thecountry ? Everybody admits that
they have had no chancc to speak yet. [Laugh-
ter.] None of them have had the least opportu-
nity of giving their views upon the subject, and
really it would be too bad to deprive them of an
opportunity of setting themselves right before the
country. Here is the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fessenden,] who absolutely had only twenty-
eight columns of the Globe. If that gentleman
desires a reasonable margin, something like the
short speech he made on a former occasion, why
not let him have it?
Mr. WADE. The only apology is that we
have not had much to answer.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There it is again. The
gentleman says they have not had much to an-
swer. Now, here is a fresh proposition, a fresh
subject,and thegentlemen start afresh. I am sure
the country is looking with great interest to the
debates here, I shall read them with great pleas-
ure, though I shall not promise to listen to them;
but if you will inform me when you get through
and are ready to vote, we shall be here to take it.
What is the objection to the postponement?
What do we gain by voting before the House?
The House will take the vote on Wednesday. If
they reject it, gentlemen will be relieved from any
necessity of defining their positions before their
constituents. On the contrary, if the House pass
the bill, then gentlemen will have the opportunity
of determining whether they will join m passing
it. They can then see whether tliey will gam a
triumph because the majority of the Senate yield,
or whether they will continue in opposition to it,
and let the country determine which is right in the
discussion.
As regards the right to take up the report of the
committee of conference, I must confess I enter-
tain no doubt. I am no parliamentarian, but look-
ing into the question in the simple light of reason,
I find that a bill has passed the Senate, that the
House has made an amendment to it in the nature
of a substitute, which is unpalatable to the Sen-
ate. The committee of conference reports to each
House another bill as a substitute for that passed
by each branch. Whatever may be the result of
our vote, whether our vote passes the bill or not,
is, in my judgment, one question; whether we
have a right to say that we approve of what our
committee of conference have done, is another
and diftVient question, in my judgment. I con-
sider that committee of conference, in my unin-
structed view of the subject, as simply composed
of two or three agents of each House, instructed
by each House to meet together, see if they can
agree, and each House then examines what its
agents have done, and express approval or disap-
proval. I can see no earthly object preventing us
passing on what our agents have done. Whether
the bill is thereby passed, is another question; but
on the question whether we have a right to say
that we concur m the recommendation of our com-
mittee of conference, I cannot see a doubt exist-
ing. 4
I agree with my friend from Mississippi that
we can no more amend it, the bill not being here,
than we could stick a pin in the air—a very good
illustration, indeed. The moment you take away
your hand, it falls. You cannot make an amend-
ment if there is no bill to put it upon; but I un-
derstand that this is not to amend the bill. I un-
derstand the committee of conference recommend
that the Senate now take a certain course: and
the proposition now is, shall we take a certain
course?
Mr. BROWN. What is the course? To substi-
tute one bill for another ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is that we agree to adopt
this substitute m the place of the bill with the
amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But I understand the Sena-
tor to say that, although we take the vote, it will
have no effect.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Unless it passes both
Houses, unquestionably.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It cannot be reversed, but
it will be of no force or effect unless it passes both
Houses. I mean, Mr. President, that I can see
no objection to the Senate assenting to what the
committee of conference have done, and inform-
ing the House of that fact. If the House, which
now has possession of the bill, should be of the
same view with the Senate, the HAuse, having
received the message of the Senate, would concur
in the report of the committee of conference, and
send back the bill to the Senate, to be here enrolled
and sent to the President. I believe it is precisely
within the power of the Senate to do that. I only
want to bring the subject to a close, and allow
Senators a proper time for discussion. I there-
fore move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to adjourn, but
before we do that I hope we shall take up the re-
port.
Mr. GREEN. And make it the special order
for half past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that the further consideration of this sub-
ject be postponed until half past twelve o'clock
on Wednesday next.
Mr. HUNTER. I thought that was with-
drawn.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on taking up the report for consideration,
and on that question the Senator from New
Hampshire is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PUGII. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will yield his right to the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is, whether they will proceed
to the consideration of the report of the commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe that is the motion
I made an hour ago, to take this subject up, and
then to adjourn.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Pennsylva-
nia is mistaken. This is my original motion. It
was I who made it.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I give way to the Sen-
ator from Missouri, as he says it is his motion.
Mr. CLARK. I have but a word to say 
Mr. CAMERON. Say it to-morrow.
Mr. CLARK. I am going to say it to-night,
with the consent of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, for this reason: it will be recollected, when
the Kansas bill was under discussion, I was en-
titled to the floor; I was proceeding with my
speech; I was interrupted in the same way that
I am now, and various propositions were made
that when I got through with my speech they
would adjourn. I drew my speech as hastily to
a close as I could; but when I got through they
would not adjourn. Now, sir, I do not want to
be caught in the same way again, and I am not
going to yield unless the Senate agrees to adjourn.
I am not going to ask for an agreement. I do not
find fault; but I will yield the floor only with the
distinct understanding that the bill shall be taken
up, and that we shall then adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Missouri,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
the report of the committee of conference; and
upon that question the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Several Senators. We do not want the yeas
and nays. Let them be withdrawn by common
consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will require
unanimous consent to withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
