1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to this whole arrange-
ment.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to state that I have
paired off with the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Ceittknden.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, E.iyarel, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Bright, Brown, Cameron, C'iaik, Clay, Fitch, Fitzpatuek,
Green, Hale, Ilammond, Houston, Hunter, fveisnn, John-
son of Aikansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy,
Polk, Sebastian, Simmon*. Slidell, Thomson of New Jer-
sey, Toombs, Trumbull, WiImhi, Wright,and Yulen—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Broduuck, Oollamer. DooliUle, Durkee,
Fessenden, Foot, Hamlm, Italian, and King—9.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceded to consider the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 161) for the admission
of the State of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. GREEN. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this report until to-morrow at
half past twelve o'clock.
Several Senators. Say one o'clock.
Mr. GREEN. Half an hour is enough for the
morning business.
Mr. TOOMRS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suggest that it be taken up
at one o'clock, leaving an hour for morning busi-
ness.
Mr. GREEN. Half an hour will be enough
for that.
Mr. HUNTER. Will this report come up as
the unfinished business, if the Senate should ad-
journ ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will, if the
Senate should now adjourn.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate adjourn,
with the understanding that it wiii come up as
unfinished business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. Is
it competent for the Senator to make that motion
when there is a question pending before the Sen-
ate ?
Mr. CLARK Allow me to say that I do not
"wish to press the motion if the Senate desire to
make the subject the special order. 1 withdraw
the motion, and let Senators have it their own
way.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the pend-
ing question the yeas and nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
how many make a sufficient number to call for
the yeas and nays? There were but three or four
up.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is too late to raise that
point. The question has been decided.
Mr. COLLAMER. Allow me to ask what is
the question ?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of this report until to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. MALLORY. I only desire to say, as the
yeas and nays have been ordered, that I should
vote against the postponement, but for the fact
that I have paired off with the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden-.]
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. GREEN. I would ask leave to make one
remark.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
Mr. GREEN. I wish merely to say that this
subject was taken up with the understanding that
it would be postponed. I made the motion ac-
cordingly, and shall vote " yea," and maintain
my honor.
The result was then announced—yeas 22, nays
14; as follows:
YKAS—.Messrs. Allen, Benjam.n, I'rnderick, Rrown,
Cameion, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Doolittle, Dmkee,
Fessemlcn, Foot, Green, Hamlin, Harlan. Houston, Jone.<.
Kennedy. Simmons, Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Bider, ISright, Clay, Fitch, jfver-
son, Johnson of Aikan&as, Johnson of Tennessee, Polk,
Sfcbafetum, Slidell, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wright—14.
So the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of the subject until half past twelve o'clock
to-morrow was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. PUGII, the Striate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlpril 26, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. 3. E. Grammer.
The J ournal of Saturday was read and approved.
PRIVATE BILLS PASSED.
By unanimous consent, the Hquse proceeded
to the consideration of the private bills which
were reported from the Committee of the Whole
House on Friday last, with a recommendation
that they do pass without amendment, when the t
following bills weie taken up and ordered to be j
engrossed, and read a third time; and, being en- i
grossed, they were subsequently severally read a
third time and passed:
A bill (H. R. No. 209) for the relief of the rep-
resentatives of William Smith, deceased, late of
Louisiana;
A bill (H. R. No. 211) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Pierre Broussard, de-
ceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 100) to revive an act entitled
" An act for the relief of the heirs, or their legal
representatives, of William Conway, deceased;"
and
A bill (H. U. No. 214) for the relief of Regis
Loisel,or his legal representatives.
Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the
votes by which the several bills wore passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr CHAFFEE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up the several private ■
bills upon the Speaker's table, and refer them to
the appropriate committees.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope we shall j
take up all the bills, both private and public, and
dispose of them.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us take them all as they
come.
JOHN CASSIDY.
Mr. GOOCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution, which was read,
consideied, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he i<?
hereby, requested l" communicate to this House copies of .ill
communications and documents on file in hi* rttliee having
reference to the claim m application oi John Ca&aiJy for
services jendered at the ('hailostown navy-yaid.
OCEAN MAIL ROUTES.
Mr. FLORENCE asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following bill, of which pievious
notice had been given, for the purpose of refer-
ence:
A bill to establish certain post routes between
the United States and Europe and South Amer-
ica, and to regulate the transportation of the mails
thereon, and to reduce the expenses thereof.
Objection was made.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
TITLE TO LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. KELSEY. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to allow the Committee on Public
Lands to report a bill which 1 introduced some
time ago, and had referred to that committee. It
is a bill declaring the titie to land warrants infcer-
tain cases; it is a bill m which almost every gen-
tleman on this floor, and their constituents, are
interested. I presume it will pass without ohjec- j
tion |
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the committees will ,
be called for reports, and we will then reach that j
bill soon. |
Mr. KELSEY. I am anxious that that bill i
may be reported and disposed of. !
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object. I
ADMISSION OF NEW STAGES. j
Mr. Q,U1TMAN. I ask unanimous consent |
to introduce a joint resolution concerning the ad- j
mission of new States into the Union. [
Mr. ENGLISH. I feel constrained to object to
the introduction of that resolution. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that it ;
may be read for information. -
Mr. dUITM AN. 1 move to suspend the rules ;
for the purpose of introducing the resolution. '
Mr. ENGLISH. I rise to a question of order
It is not in order this day to suspend .the rules,
for the reason that there is a privileged question
before the House.
Mr. KEITT. Let it be read for information.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We have a
right to know what it is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the poi ,t
of order raised by the gentleman from Indiana,
that it is not in order to receive oj'entertain a mo-
tion to suspend the rules in consequence of the
House having before itfor its consideration a priv-
ileged question, which any gentleman has the right
to call up.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Indiana to permit it to be "read. I believe it
will meet the approbation of a large majority dt
the House. It is not intended to affect any meas-
ure that has paSSed, or is now pending. It is in-
tended for the future alone.
Mr. KEITT. Let it be read.
Mr ELLIOTT 1 object.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. What is the
regular order of business '?
The SPEAKER. The report of the committee
of conference on the Kansas bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Eentpcky. I call for
the regular order of business.
Mr. SEWARD. I would inquire how that
matter comes up?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
calls it up by raising the question of order.
Mr. SEWARD. I did not so understand it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
objected to the Chair entertaining a motion to sus-
pend the rules, because there is a privileged ques-
tion pending. The gentleman will remember that
on Friday and Saturday the Chair held that it
was not in order to move to go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, or into
a Committee of the Whole House, pending the
consideration of a privileged question. This mat-
ter is before the House upon two grounds: first,
as the unfinished business of the preceding day,
and then as a privileged question.
Mr. SEWARD. There is no.conflict between
the Chair and myself. I did not understand that
the gentleman from Indiana sought to bring up
this privileged question at this time. If he did,
the decision of the Chair is correct.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire of the Chair whether this question is not
before the House as a privileged question under
the rules, and whether a motion to suspend the
rules would not also suspend the rule which
makes this a privileged question ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
a motion to suspend the rules cannot be enter-
tained. The very fact that this business has pre-
cedence before the House, precludes a motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is just like a
second motion to suspend, pending a first motion
to suspend.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CLAY. I ask leave to introduce a reso-
lution for inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] calls for the regular order
of business.
SAN FRANCISCO MARINE HOSPITAL.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table and
put upon its passage Senate resolution No. 52, to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to audit
and settle the accounts of the contractor for the
erection of the United States marine hospital, at
San Francisco, California. The gentleman for
whose benefit it is intended has bceome insane,
and his wife is now here, awaiting the action of
the House upon this matter. I hope there will be
no objection.
Mr. EDIE. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for by several gentlemen.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will withdraw his call.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will with-
draw my call.
Mr. POTTLE. I call for the regular order of
business.
