1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2829-
getting the advantage of us in the number of ships.
Prance can go into this system; and even Bremen
—the little town of Bremen. We gave a subsidy
to some vessels to run to Bremen; and I under-
stand they are now running ships over here. I
believe the greatest portion of the stock of the
Bremen line was furnished by the Government of
that country; and, of course, they were glad to
have us allow them subsidies to keep up their
vessels. By giving small subsidies, those foreign
Powers can greatly underwork our private enter-
prise. Suppose you start a line from New York,
and Philadelphia comes here and says, " Why
should not we have a line?" If you grant it to
Philadelphia, Boston and Baltimore and Charles-
ton and New Orleans will make the same prop-
osition. When you have gota dozen lines, why
should not you go further? Why should San
Francisco, Savannah, arid other places, be cut out?
It will be like the building of post offices. You
build a post office in New York and one m Phil-
adelphia, and then there must be one in every
other city. If you go on, where are you to stop ?
I have no hesitation in saying that, if I found it
was the settled policy of the Governmentto keep
up a line of this sort from New York, I should
not be willing to deny one to Philadelphia. Penn-
sylvania pays a part of the taxes to support these
lines. I would no sooner do that, than I would
vote a pension to A and deny it to B, who had per-
formed the same service. If, then, we are to adopt
this system, it will require a large expenditure;
and the result will be mischievous and disastious
to us, because it will break down all our ships,
except those that are subsidized in this way.
If we abandon that policy, m the second view
of the case, and foreign nations choose to pay
moderate subsidies, they will be gradually gam-
ing upon us. I can state my notions on tins point
byasimple illustration. I hope the Senator ftom
Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] will allow me to use
it, because I know he is anxious to protect Amer-
ican industry. I myself am a free-trader, but I
want fair play to everybody. Let us suppose we
had no tariff at all on imports, though we have
now a considerable one, but not so high as he
thinks it ought to be; suppose there were free
trade between Great Britain and the United States
in iron and other things; but England, with a view
of giving her establishments an advantage, pro-
posed to allow ten dollars a ton for every bar of
iron that was made: that iron would be brought
to this country, and would undersell our Penn-
sylvania friends. If I saw that to be the case, I
should vote at once to put a tax of at least ten dol-
lars on it. I should say, " 1 will have fair play;
if I am for free trade, 1 will give everybody an
equal chance." That is just the situation in
which we are likely to be piaeed here, if foreign
lines get subsidies from other countries, thoy can
underwork our people.
Then there is another view. These ships bring
freights here; they bring silks, and iton, and
sugar, and other articles; they may bring any-
thing. Why should we advance money to pay
those freights ? I am not willing to impose a tax
for mere protection, but why should we pay freight
to get them here? Suppose I should move an
amendment to this effect, that to enable the British
to bring their goods here which come into com-
petition with our own, we shall advance a certain
sum of money out of the Treasury to pay the
freight of bringing their iron, woolens, and cut-
lery, and other articles that come into competition
with our enterprise, how would it be met by gen-
tlemen on this floor? And yet that is the very
thing we are now doing. I think that our man-
ufacturers have a light to claim that they shall
have the advantage of the freight, and whatever
other advantages they have by reason of the diffi-
culties of bringing foieign materials here. It is
fair that they should have that, and I would not
cut them out of it; but this very system enables
the Cunarders and the Collins hnc, or others, to
bvin<r foreign merchandise here and undersell our
own°people, and the expense of doing it is either
paid out of our own Treasury, or it is advanced
by foreign Governments. I submit to gentlemen
if there is Anything fair in tins. Do we intend to
stand idly by and sec our lines cutupin that way
and our own system cut down ? We have passed
a great many laws, I know, to retaliate against
foreigners. Our object was to get free trade, to
obtain a removal of all restrictions, and when
they gave bounties to cripple them to the extent
of putting us on equal footing. If we do not
intend to stand on that, I take it the only third
thing we can do is to adopt a line of policy by
which we may break down the subsidies alto-
gether.
This brings me to the proposition I desire to
submit as an amendment, and which I hope the
Senate will adopt. It does not touch the subject
for the next two years, butallows the Collins line
contract to expire, which it will do on the 27th
of April, 1860. I propose thatfrom and after that
time we put a discriminating postage of one hun-
dred per cent, additional upon letters that are
brought in all vessels that receive subsidies or
bonuses from foreign Governments. Of course
the effect of that will be, that if a man in London
is going to send a letter here, and sends it by the
Cunard line, he has to pay twice the postage he
would if it came by some other line which was not
subsidized. Tiie effect would be to operate in-
juriously upon the Cunard line, and force them
to give up the business, I take it. But gentlemen
say Gioat Btitam will retaliate if we do this. She
cannot retaliate on these principles, for we have
no subsidized lines. We do not propose to touch
her lines, except those that are subsidized. She
has a line of four ships running, I believe, to
Canada, as regularly as the Cunarders, that get
no subsidy from the British Government. So far
from seeing a disposition on the part of the Brit-
ish Government to put any countervailing taxes
on us, I think you v/ilj find that the strong feeling
there is against these monopolies altogether.
Air. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit !
me to interrupt him for a moment? '
Mr. CLI^GMAN. Cei-imnly, ?ir. !
Mr. BENJAMIN. So fai aw the Senator's j
argument is concerned, which I have been follow- ;
ing with interest, theie appeals to me to be this !
difficulty about it. The Senator's assumption ,
seems to be, throughout, that the amount which ,
he calls a subsidy given by the British Govern- ;
ment to the Cunard line, exceeds the amount that!
they would receive from postage. They do-not ;
get the postage, and I cannot conceive in what j
sense he considers those lines subsidized lines, ,
because they receive a sum certain, and our lints ;
not subsidized line*-' because they receive a sum
contingent, but which may perhaps exceed the
amount certain the others receive.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. 1 will not make any con-
troversy about terms, as the Senator from Lou-
: isiana understands my meaning. So that I attain
' my object, I do not attempt to show any extra-
uidmary precision or elegance of language.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is not on that, but on
the substance of the argument. i
Mr CLINGMAN. I understand.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator says that if
we tax the British lines, they cannot tax ours in .
return, because we give no subsidy. 1 under- :
stand that we are to give the postages which may
l)e just as much as the British give in the way of ,
a sum certain, and therefore the retaliatory sys-
tem would l e justifiable.
Mr. GLINGMAN. I was about to advert to
that view. The pioposition 1 intend to support,
and which indeed formed part of my amendment,
but 1 did not have it read because the amendment
of the Senator from Florida goo* veiy nearly to
the same point, is to give the postages in all in-
stances. That would be fair. I do not mean that
I would always give the whole amount. 1 think
it highly probable that where it is very remuner-
ative you ought either to reduce the postage—and
probably that would be the best course—or to di-
mmish the amount paid to the line. My propo-
sition is—and I think I have maue myself suili-
ciently intelligible—to do away with the practice
, of paying saims of monev from the Government.
If Great Britain and the United States can come
. to an understanding by which all lines are to re-
; ceive the postage, or certain proportions of the
; postage, that will be perfectly fair. The purpose of
my amendment is to bringoboutthat understand-
ing. If we adopt a proposition of this sort it has
two years to go into effect, and it will of course
i tend to bring the English Government and our
' own to some definite arrangement. Ifow did we
' get rid of the Denmark Sound dues? Wc should
j probably r.ot have been clear of them to-day if
I this Government had not taken a decided step,
; given the notice, and declared it would not pay
them. That had a tendency to change the whole
system. So if we make a provision of this kind
the result will be that the Government of Great
Britain will be obliged to abandon her subsidies.
I do not think she will try any retaliatory system.
The consequence will be that more equitable and
fair arrangements can be made between the two
countries, by which vessels may receive the post-
age, or part of the postage. In this way we shall
relieve ourselves of all this drain upon the Treas-
ury, and we shall put all lines upon an equal foot-
ing. I am for having free trade in letters; I am
for having a sort of reciprocity system between
the British ships and our own. I think that can
be at rived at; but it can only be done when you
break down these subsidized lines. Although
the British Government cannot terminate the Cu-
nard line before January, 1863, the company may
terminate it themselves; and there is a provision
by which they aie authorized, on giving twelve
months' notice, to require the Government to take
their ships off their hands. If therefore we make
this proposition at this time, and it is adopted,
they will see that at the end of two years they will
be subjected to this onerous burden, and it will be
a question with them whether they will bear it or
get clear of the arrangement.
My purpose was not to detain the Senate long,
but to present this view. If any Senator can find
a better mode of arriving at the same result, I
shall gladly take it. In 1852, I brought forward,
in the House of Representatives, a provision that
after the termination of our subsidies there should
be no freight or passengers brought into the ports
of the United States for lure, by any vessel that
was suppoiied wholly, or in part, by a foreign
Government. I made two or three attempts, at
successive sessions, to get in that proposition. I
may say further, that on consulting the Secretary
of State, and the Attorney General, m 1854, they
thought there was no objection to it. It seems to
me tliat such a provision as this will be a simpler
and more direct way of meeting it; but if any other
suggestion can be made, I will take it very cheer-
fully. The great object I have in view is to pre-
vent lines which get bonuses from Government
coming in competition with private enterprise.
Take the case of Mr. Yanderbilt. According to
my recollection, Mr. Collins formed no purpose
whatever of going to Southampton until Yander-
bilt ran his ships there a few times, and was doing
it without any bonus. The amendment of the
Finance Committee; therefore, is to enable Mr.
Collins to go to Southampton, and perhaps break
Mr. Yanderbilt down. I do not think that isfair.
if Mr. Collins chooses to run to Southampton
now, and change his contract, let him do it; but
let him do it on fair terms. If you simply adopt
this amendment, you enable him to break down
a rival—one who h?s beaten him, certainly, if
you take in view the odds between them, beaten
him vastly; and, in point of fact, I believe Van-
deibilt runs his ships in about as good time,
though theie may not be much difference in that
respect, and with more regularity.
ri'he Senator from New Vork made ore remark
which 1 wish to notice. He says that Mr. Col-
lins has been unfortunate in losing two of his
ships. I think that is not to be laid dt anybody's
door but his. In 1852, when the proposition was
before us to increase the compensation to him, he
got permission from Congress, as I suppose the
Senator from New York will remember, for there
was a great deal of discussion aboutit, to dispense
with that regulation which required him to carry
a naval officer on board. I remember that some
olficeis of the Navy complained about it. I do
not know how it stands now.
Mr. COLLAMEIl. Precisely as it was then.
It has never been dispensed with.
Air. CLINGMAN. It was adopted in the
House, and, I think, passed the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. When (lie line was put in
operation I was then in the Post Oiiice Depart-
ment. They wished to be consulted in relation to
the appointment of a mail agent, so that they
nnght have a person aeccptable to them I was
unable to see the use of one, as there was noth-
ing to do but to put the mails on board and lock
them up, and keep them locked until they reached
Liverpool. 1 said I would decline appointing a
mail agent until the necessity appeared for him.
We have never discovered the need of that agent,
and therefore have never required them to carry
