1806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr Marshall] who made the objection
has withdrawn it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Pottle] in front of the chair calls for
the regular order of business.
Mr. SEWARD. That is in reference to another
matter. I do not understand that any one objects
to the particular matter that I desire to call up.
Mr, CLAY. I now ask that my resolution may
be read. It will take but a moment.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
regular order of business is demanded.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
Amessagewas received from the Senate by Mr.
Hicket, Us Chief Clerk, informing the House
that the Senate had passed, without amendment,
the bill of the House for the relief of Duncan
Robertson; also, that the Senate had passed bill
of the House to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the lisca* year enaing
June 30, 1858, with amendments, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House;
also, that the Senate,had passed a joint resolution
to extend for a further term the provisions of the
joint resolution approved March 10,1858, in rela-
tion to certain dropped and retired officers of the
Navy, in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have the deficiency bill with
the amendments of the Senate thereto, referred to
the Committee of WayvS arid Means.
Mr.OLIN and Mr. REAGAN objected.
Mr. CRAWFORD, i want to say to the gen-
tlemen who object, that if they wish to adjourn
on the first Monday in June they had better
withdraw their objections.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
The SPEAK ER stated that the pending ques-
tion was upon agreeing to the motion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr English,] as amended,
postponing the further consideration of the report
of the committee of conference on the bill for the
admission of Kansas into the Union, until this
day two weeks.
Mr HARRIS, of Illinois. I do not know, Mr.
Speaker, what is the best way to reach the point
which I desire; buL the unanimous consent of the
House, if I can obtain it, will do it. So far as I am
concerned in this matter, I am willing to consent
that the vote upon this question shall bo taken on
"Wednesday next, without any delay—that it shall
be postponed till that day.
Mr, ENGLISH [f the gentleman wu* allow
me, I wish to state that his proposition will meet
with my consent, and, L believe, mat of the friends
of the bill generally.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 understand
the proposition of th - gentleman from Illinois to
be, that the vote shall be taken at one o'clock on
Wednesday next; and 1 aseent to that
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 do not
assent to it.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
stand my collefiffuo to propose that the vote shall
be taken on Wednesday at one o'clock, or that
the bill shall be postponed tiil that tune'
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. 1 propose that it
shall be postponed until that time, to come up
then under the rules of the House
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
proposes that the House shall, by unanimous
eonsent, postpone the further consideration of
the report of the committee of conference until
Wednesday next at one o'clock, at which time
the vote shall bo taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir, that
is not the understanding. My colleague merely
moves to postpone the report until that time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to be in-
formed what the specific motion of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harris] is ;
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. My object is to have
the further consideration of the report postponed
until Wednesday next atone o'clock, when its
consideration shall be resumed,and the question
disposed of under the rul^s.
Mr. SHORTER, i object.
Mr. UOCOCK. If we vote down the proposi-
tion to post| oi'< now ht-loic the House, the gen-
tkman from llhrnns etui then submit iu& motion.
Mr. FNGLISH. If I have the power, I pro-
pose to withdraw my motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that,
in the present state of the question, the gentleman
from Indiana cannot withdraw his proposition,
inasmuch as it has been amended.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to withdraw my motion.
Mr. SHORTER. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House vote
down the pending proposition, which is to post-
pone till this day two weeks, it will then be in or-
-der to make a motion to postpone until Wednes-
day at one o'clock. The object may be attained
in that way as well as any other.
Mr. GtUITMAN. I would inquire what has
become of the call for the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. It was voted down on Sat-
urday.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to
inquire for information whether, if the motion to
postpone until the second Monday in May is
voted down, it will not be in order again to move
the previous question?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Or to move
to lay the report upon the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks so.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well, I
move to lay the report of the committee of con-
ference on the table now.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon that proposition I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not know
that the House is full. 1 therefore move that
there be a call of the House. On that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr BONII AM. If it is in order I would make
an inquiry of the Chair before the call of the roll
commences It is much the same inquiry as I
piopoundedto the Chair on Saturday. Will the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall,! prevails, carry with it the Sen-
ate bill and the House bill?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. In connection with
the inquiry first made, I would inquire if the Sen-
ate bill, in any possible state of circumstances,is
within th£ reach of the House for action?
The SPEAKER. The original bill >
Mr HARRIS, of Illinois. The Senate bill.
The SPEAKER. For independent action by
the House ?
Mr HARRIS, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr COX. I would like to inquire if the House
bill is not in the same condition?
I The SPEAKER. It is.
I Mr. STANTON. If the House lays the report
! of the committee of conference on the taule, will
j not the Senate bill still remain in the Senate, and
• will not the Senate have power to recede from its
] disagreement to the House amendment?
! The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
| bill is here.
! Mr. STANTON. I understand differently.
! Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Asgentle-
! men are propounding mqumes to the Chair, I
! want to a*k the Chair whether, if the motion to
' lay on the table the report of the committee of eon-
i ference prevails, it does not terminate ail legisla- j
! tion upon tins subject, and leave Kansas where '
i she was befoie there was any application made
1 for her admission into the Union ?
The SPEAKER The Chair, with a view of
trying to facilitate business, has intimated, in re-
; spopse to inquiries propounded by gentlemen on j
; ali sides, his opinion upon questions of order that1
• are not before the Chair, and the Chair, puisuing
' the same policy, will thiow out an intimation to
i the gentleman from Kentucky, although it is, per-
haps, irregular for the Chair to be deciding ques-
tions before they properly arise. The Chair is of
opinion that if the motion of the gentlemar. from
Kentucky prevails, it will end the whole mat-
! ter.
1 Mr. MILLSON. I would like to ask a ques-
' tion of the Chair I have no doubt the Chair is
correct m the statement that if the motion of the
■ gentleman from Kentucky should prevail, it would
f-nd the whole mallet But, if this report of the
• committee of eouteience is not agreed to, might
there not be another committee of conference upon
the request of either the House or the Senate?
The SPEAKER. There certainly could be an-
other committee of conference, if the Senate asked
for one. But the Chair will not undertake to say
whether, if this report should be voted down, an-
other committee of conference could he asked, at
this stage of the proceedings, by the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to any more ques-
tions, and call for a vote on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. My object in
making the motion for a call of the House is to
see that the House is full. I do not wish to carry
out the call. There are certain gentlemen in the
city who are not now here. I hope the House
will agree to have a call; but as soon as members
come m we can suspend the call.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We are willing to have
a call. Withdraw the demand for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand a vote upon the *
question.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debatable;
stffd the gentleman from Alabama objects to further
discussion.
The question was taken on Mr. Stephens's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 123, nays 70; as follows:
YF.AS ~ Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, At-
kins, Avery, Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Boyce,
Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Campbell, Caruthers, Case,
Caskie, Chapman, Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clay,
Clemens,Clubman, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockeril),Cor-
ning, Oovode, Cox, Burton Craige, Crawford, Carry, Curtis,
Davidson, Davis of Maryland, Davib of Indiana, Edie, Ed-
nmwlson, Ellioit, English, Eustis, Florence, Foley,Foster,
Gartrell, Gilhs, Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Lawrence
W llall, Robert B. Hail, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L,
Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Howard,
Hughes, lluyler, Jackson, Jewett, Geoige W Jones, J.
Glancy Jones,". Owen Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Lamar,Lawrence,
L«*idy, Letcher, Maelny. McUueen, Maynard, Miles, Mil-
ler, Millson, Moore. Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Palmer,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Purviauce, Quitman,
Heady, Reagan, lieilly, Kufiin, Russell, Sandidge. Savage,
Scales, Seoit, Seating, Seward, Aaion Shaw, Henry M.
Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Sintrleton, Robert Smith, Samuel
A. Smith, Stallvvorth, Stephens, William Stewart, Talbot,
Trippe, Watd, Watkins, White, Whitelev, Wthon, Wins-
low, Wi.ndson, WorU'iidykf, Augustus R. Wright, John
V. Wnght, and Zolhcofler—123.
NAYS—-Messrs. Andiews, Bennett, Rillmghurst, Bing-
ham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Chaffee,
Ezra Clark, dawson, Clark B Cochrane, Colfax,Comms,
Cragm, Damrell, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
Da\\es, [Wit, Dick, J)odd. Durfee, Farnsworth, Fenton,
Giddings. Oilman. Gooeh, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Har-
lan, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, Leach, Leiter, Love-
joy, Humphtey Marshall, Morgan, Edwaid Joy Morris,
Fit'crnan II Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nich-
ols, oini. Parker, Pemt, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Ritchie, Rob-
bin*, Roy<'fi,John Sherman, Jud^on W. Sherman, Spinner,
Stanton," Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Wade, Walbndge,
Waldrott, Walton, Kliihu B. Wa&hburrie, and Israel Wash-
burn—70,
So it was ordered that there be a call of the
House.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BURROUGHS stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Bowie.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Landy was
detained at home in consequence of sickness in
his family, and had paired off until Wednesday
next, upon all questions, with Mr. Ricaud.
Mr. WARREN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Montgomery.
Mr. WALTON stated that Mr. Morrill was
necessarily absent, and had paired off for two
weeks upon the Kansas question with Mr. Faulk-
ner.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. At the in-
stance of gentlemen around me I will withdraw
the motion to lay the report of the committee of
conference on the table.
The House then proceeded to execute its order.
The roll was called; and the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Arnold, Bowie, JamesCiaig,Reuben Davis,Dim-
rnick, Faulkner. Garnett, Gilmei, Goode, Hickman, Hill,
llouon. Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Landy, Matte-
son. Montgomery, Mornil, Powell, Ricaud, George Taylor,
Thompson, Cadwalader C. Washburn, and Wood—24.
The absentees were called; and under the di-
rection of the Speaker the doors were closed.
The absentees were then again called; and an-
| nonncements were made that the following een-
j tlemen had paired off: Mr. Washburn, of Wis-
, consin, with Mr. Arnold; Mr. Bowie with Mr.
j Burroughs; Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, with Mr.
1 Matteson; Mr. McKibbin with Mr. Dimmick;
