720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16.
there is no occasion for coming to Congress for
that purpose. I trust the resolution will not pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Biggs,] to add to the end of the reso-
lution:
Provided, That the expenditure hereby authorized shall
not exceed the sum of §5,000.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I do not know
that 1 am opposed to the resolution, but I certainly
am opposed to the amendment. If it is worth while
to do anything, it seems to me it is worth while
to do it properly. I do not think it worth while
to say to the Sultan of Turkey, " we will receive
your officer hospitably, provided it does not cost
more than five thousand dollars; we will treat
you to the amountof two and threepence worth."
If anything is to be done, let it be done by the
Governmentas it ought to be done,and let us put
confidence in the officers of the Government that
they will do what ought to be done, and not un-
dertake to limit them in this way, and have it go
back to the Sultan of Turkey that we would pay
five thousand dollars to be civil, and no more.
Let your civility be such as it ought to be, without
regard to the cost; just as, if a friend camp to my
house, I would treat him civilly whatever might
be the expense, and not say, £< I have two shil-
lings or half a pistareen at your service."
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to order the joint resolution to be
lead a third time to-day.
Mr. BIGGS. I object to the third reading of
the resolution to-day.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. MASON. I hope we shall take the vote
by general consent, ana I trust the Senator from
North Carolina will withdraw his objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion received its second reading to-day, and it re-
quires unanimous consent to read it the third time
to-day.
Mr. BIGGS. It seems to bo the general desire
to have the question taken, and I withdraw the ob-
jection.
The jointresolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third time.
On the question, " Shall the resolution pass?"
Mr. BIGGS and Mr. CLAY called for the yeas
and nays; and they were oidered.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not intend to make
any remarks in relation to this resolution; but as
the yeas and nays have been ordered, I wish to
make i\ brief suggestion. For a great number of
years, in many of the Governments of Europe,
and it continues with some to thisday,their dock-
yards, their forts, their arsenals, their national
foundenes, &e , are all kept locked up from the
visitation of strangers. We have ever pursued an
entirely different course. Here all is left open to
the inspection of the world. Nothing is required
from a visitor but ordinary civility. I-Ie may ex-
amine all our national armories, ail our founderies,
all our dock-yards, all our ships in the various
courses of naval construction, and all the prep-
arations for war. I am unwilling to do anything
that implies the contrary. To my mind, to pass
a resolution of this kind is to say to the world
that we do not pursue this course, and that it act-
ually requires a resolution of Congress to enable
a foreign gentleman to make this visitation. Such
is the necessary implication of this resolution ; and
I cannot vote for it because of that implication.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Alien, Bigler, Blight, JRroderiek, Brown,
Cameron, Clark, Divon, Doohttle, Duikee, Evans Foot,
Fo&ter, Gwin, Hale. Hamiin, Hammond, Hailan, Houston,
Kennedy, Mallory, Ma^on, Polk, Suwaui, Simmon-.. Sh-
dell, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of New Joisey, Wil&on,
and Wnght—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigns, Chandler, Clay, Collamer, Fes-
senden, Fitch, Green, Hunter, Jverson, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, Johnson ofTennessee, Jones. Pugh, Sebastian,Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and Yulee—
J9.
So the joint resolution was passed.
INDIANA SENATORIAL ELECTION.
Mr. HALE calling for the question of privi-
lege, the Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution reported by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary in the case of the election of Senators from
Indiana, the pending question being on the fol-
lowing amendment offered by Mr. Trumbull:
That the Senate will now proceed to a final determina-
tion of the right to seats in this body of Graham N. Fitch
and Jesse D. Bright, claiming to have been elected Sen-
ators by the Legislature of Indiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CLAY(whenMr.DAvis'snamewascalled)
said: I am requested to state that Mr. Davis, of
Mississippi, is confined to his bed by sickness;
and he has paired off on this question with the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot.]
Mr. CLAY (when Mr. Fitzpatrick's name
was called) said: 1 am requested by my colleague
to state that he is confined to his bed by sickness;
but he has paired off on this question with the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Dottglas,] who is ab-
sent.
Mr. HALE (when his name was called) said:
I wish to state that at the earnest request of the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] who is
engaged in-the Supreme Court, I have consented
to pair off with him, and shall not vote unless lie
comes in while the case is under consideration.
Mr. WILSON (when his name was callcd) an-
nounced that he had paired off with the Senator
•' from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin.]
The result was announced to be—yeas 16, nays
28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler. Clark, Collamer,Dixon, Doo-
iittle, Durkee, Fessenden, Foster, Hamlin, H.ulan, King,
Sewaul, Simmons, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wade—1G.
NAYS— Messi*. Allen,Biggs, Bigler, BiodenHt, Biown,
Cameron, ('lay, Evans, Giecn, Gwin, Hammond, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson oi Tennessee,
Jones, Mallory, Mason, Polk, l*ugh, Sebastian, Shdell, Stu-
art, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, Wright, and Yulee—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come m at the close of the resolution:
Provided, That the proofs to he taken shall be limited to
the sweating in of the members of the Legislatuie of Indi-
ana. the organization of the stud Legislating, and the pro-
ceedings thereof eonnocted With the election of the sitting
Senator for said State m the Senate ^f the United States,
and shall be returned to the Senate of the United States
within thnty days from the passage of this rcfohmon.
Mr. PUOH. I hope that amendment will not
be concurred in. The Senate of Indiana, the pro-
testants in this ease, have made specific allega-
tions—they arc in print here—-just like a pleading.
The sitting Senators have put in their answer.
The parties have made the issue affirmative and
negative; and what is the necessity for us to limit
it? Let us leave them to take their evidence ac-
cording to their pleas. It is as definite an issue
as could ever me made up m court. To be sure
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] says
they do not exactly meet, as they would accord-
ing to special pleading, but they substantially
meet. 1 think they have made the issue, and I
do not sec why we should limit it. I think the
j Senator had better say at least sixty or ninety
days. This evidence cannot be got in thirty days.
I think ninety days would be the proper time to
fix.
Mr. SEWARD. IfotherSenatorsthmkthirty
days is too short a time, I have no objection to
extend it, so that the returns can be received in
time to have the question disposed of during the
present session of Congress. I will, therefore,
propose sixty days, which is as long a period as
it is probable we ought to postpone it; and if there
shall be any necessity for any further delay it can
then be presented. In regard to the other point,
I understand that the amendment contemplates
receiving proofs on every point on which an issue
has been raised before the committee, as 1 judge
from the report, and from the debates here. I see
no objection to it in that respect.
Mr. HALE. Let the amendment be divided.
I suppose it is subject to division. Let that part
which limits the scope of inquiry constitute one
division, and that which limits the time the other.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
Mr. PUGrH. If the onginalresolution is read,
I think the Senator will see that his limitation is
repugnant to the body of the resolution. The
body of the resolution is that the parties may
take their testimony on the points alleged in their
respective statements.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the question be divided.
I adopted this form for the purpose of obtaining
as much support for the amendment as I could.
Let the amendment be divided into the two parts,
and have the question taken separately.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
being susceptible of division, the question will be
taken first on the first branch ofit, which is:
Provided., That the proofs to be taken shall be limited to
the swearing in of the members of the Legislature of Indi-
ana, the organization of the said Legislature, and the pro-
ceedings thereof connected with the election of the sitting
members for said State in the Senate of the United States.
Mr. PUGH. Let the original resolution be
read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. STUART. I had myself prepared an
amendment similar to this, and it seems to me emi-
nently proper that the Senate should adopt some
such amendment. It appears to me it will not do
to say thatindividuals may make up an issueupon
certain facts, and that the Senate should authorize
the testimony to be taken and reported to this
body, on that issue. The Senate should authorize
the taking the testimony on disputed questions of
fact that are within the scope of the Senate's in-
quiry, but not beyond it. The utmost extent to
which I have heard any gentleman contend here,
that it is competent for us to inquire, is as to the
organization of the Legislature, the swearing in
of the members of the Legislature, and the pro-
ceedings of that body in the election of the Sen-
ators who now hold the seats. This question was
discussed all day yesterday. The Senator from
Ohio and the Senator from Louisiana both con-
ceded that that was the extent to which any in-
quiry could be proper.
It is important to limit the inquiry in this re-
spect, but it is also important in another: it is
highly important that no testimony be spread
upon the records of the Senate upon any question
that is of an improper character in respect to its
own language or facts. I do not know what these
contestants or somebody else might propose to
prove; but it seems to me to be very clear that the
ground taken by the committee yesterday is the
extent of the Senate's inquiry. It is conceded that
you cannot go into the fact of whether a man was
propei ly elected to the Legislature or not; that is
an inquiry which belongs to the body of which
he claims to be a member; and having been de-
cided by that body, it is not the subject of revis-
ion here.
But it is contended that there were certain ir-
regularities in regard to the organization of one
body of the Indiana Legislature; that certain in-
dividuals were improperly sworn inland other
questions of that character, which certain Sena-
tors here think are proper subjects of inquiry, in
order to the full consideration and proper determ-
ination of this case. Whether it shall be found
to be so or not when the testimony is in, may per-
haps be another question; but it is contended that
these facts are material, and it is conceded that
they may be material. The Senate, therefore,
should limit the inquiry to such questions as it
sees can be material to its own decision on this
; subject.
Again, it is ccrtainly important that the Senate
should fix a time. Some time ought to be fixed
at which this testimony shall be sent to the Sen-
ate, and the Senate be prepared to pass on the
question of the right to scats of these gentlemen
who now occupy them. I refrain, I purposely re-
frain (for 1 think it is no more than proper) from
any discussion of the merits of this case, any in-
dication of an opinion on the subject. I have not
examined the papers to which the Senator from
Ohio refers, nor do I think it essential to examine
them. The Senate certainly does know what
facts it may properly inquire into for the purposes
! of determining the right to a seat claimed by any
gentleman representing a State of this Confeder-
acy; and, as I said, it was conceded yesterday
that the scope of the inquiry was not btyond the
scope of this amendment. That being so, for the
| purpose of preserving the purity of its own rec-
; ords, for the purpose of having no evidence spread
■ upon its records, except such as is legitimate in
character and respectful in terms, for the purpose
of securing an early settlement of this question,
which is always proper, the Senate should pre-
scribe the limits to the inquiry, not only in respect
to its character, but its time.
These are my views. I voted against the amend-
