£830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
him; but the contract stands as it did in the be-
^ Mr.^CLINGMAN. I still think, however, that
the fact is as I was stating it, that an arrangement
was made by which a naval officer was to be
placed in command of those steamships.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator is mistaken in that.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What was the precise ar-
rangement?
Mr. YULEE. They were required by the con-
tract to receive on board four midshipmen, to serve
as watch officers, and a mail agent. !
Mr. COLLAMER. I spokeof the arrangement
in relation to the mail agent. The mail agent was
arranged for; but Mr. Collins has never been com-
pelled to carry him. He was bound to furnish
him with a cabin and carry him, but has never
done so, because the Department has not felt the
need of one; but in relation to the naval officers
I know nothing.
Mr. YULEE. This is what was provided:
" And they will receive on board each of them, and suita-
bly accommodate and subsist, four pa««<id midshipmen of
the United States Navy, detailed by the Department to serve
a* watch officers, and one agent to'be appointed by the Post-
master General, and to have chaige of the m.t-d* to be ttan*>-
ported on board, such aecommodation and subsistence to be
without chaige to the United States; the said midshipmen
and agent to be paid by the Government."
That is the contract, but the Government has
never deemed it necessary to use that provision.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is not a very important
matter, but I know that Captain Schenck, and
other naval officers, did, at one time, command
some of the vessels of ihis line, and Mr. Collins
applied to get relieved from the burden of keeping
them. It may be that the contract required him
to carry a certain number of midshipmen, as the
Senator from Florida suggests; but, at any rate,
he was relieved from that, and the result was the
bad management by reason of which the Arctic
evidently was lost, and probably the Pacific, too.
I shall not detain the Senate further. I have noth-
ing m the woild against Mr. Collins. I hope that
the contract, as far as we owe him anything, will
be carried out. I intend to vote to do it; but I
think we ought to make, for the future, an ar-
rangement such as I have suggested.
Mr. COLLA.MER. I desire to confine myself,
as much as possible, to the amendment which is
under consideration. Mr. Collins had a contract
for running to Liverpool, which we all undei-
stand. His misfortunes we know something
about. At whose door they should belaid, is not
now material: they have happened. U id said
that he is desirous of changing the termination of
his route from Liverpool to Southampton; and the
proposition is, to give the Postmaster General the
power of making that change, with his consent.
I suppose that means a mutual consent between
ihem. Now, it is proposed by the Senator from
Virginia, not as coming ftom any committee, but
as an individual amendment, that the Postmaster
General shall stipulate that, if he goes to South-
ampton, he shall have no more than the postages.
I can merely say that I have always disliked un-
dertaking to accomplish by any oblique method
a purpose, however well designed, which it would
be better to do by direction. It is more becoming
the Senate, it is more becoming any gentleman,
to accomplish his purposes directly. U is obvious
that this is nothing more than saying the contract
shall not be changed in this respect; and I would
prefer that the Senator from Virginia, with his
usual ingenuousness, had come up to opposing
directly the purpose of the committee to allow a
change of the terminus at all; because, practically,
it amounts to that; and every man who knows
anything about the matter, knows that perfectly
well. If the contract should not be changed at all
in this respect, say so; refuse to do it, if any suf-
ficient reason is found for it; but if you think it
ought to be changed, with the consent of the Post-
master General, do not put on such stipulations
as to render it impracticable, but say directly that
he may do it. I am opposed to the amendment
of the Senator from Virginia for that reason. It
is undertaking indirectly, by some sort of dis-
guise, to effect that which you should eilect, if at
all, directly.
But it is said that the reason why we should
not agree to such a change is, that it will affect
those lines that are now running by way of South-
ampton. There are two lines that run to South-
ampton—one is commonly known as the South-
ampton and Bremen line, called the Ocean Steam
Navigation Company }s line, and the other as the
Southampton and Havre line, long known in the
Department as the Livingston line. That Bre-
men line was the first ocean line that was set up
in this country—setup by contract with the Post-
master General, and paid out of the postage
money, in those times when you used to require
the Departmenttopayitsownexpenses. The Bre-
men line was set up at a time when our commerce
with Bremer-Haven amounted to $3,000,000 a
year; and in the ten years of that contract it ran
up to $15,000,000, and a profitable species of
commerce to us it was. That line was a first at-
tempt. The Washington and the Hermann, the
first boats that ran on it, were an experiment—an
experiment made by that company. They have
not run as fast as the Cunarders or the Collins
line have to Liverpool, but they have made their
trips with great regularity; and, during the whole
period, not a failure has happened, not a life has
been lost. Recently, within the last few years,
they have put on two new ships. Though their
line was a first attempt, it was an extraordinarily
successful one; and by putting on their other two
ships, they have kept it in successful operation,
and were doing a fair, reasonable, living business
at the time their contract expired. Their con-
tract price was only $200,000 a year. The Havre
line was set up under the same species of contract,
af'tei wards, by the Postmaster General, and paid
in the same way. It ran to Havre by way of
Southampton. That line has another difficulty to
moot, which is not generally understood. The
French have to this day a discriminating tonnage
duty, by which foreign vessels have to pay a ton-
nage duty beyond their own ships upon entering
the French ports; and that duty they pay upon
their custom-house tonnage—the measurement
of the ship. The steamship lines which run into
Havre, start, for instance, with eight hundred
tons of coal. They have burnt it out on the way ;
but yet thoy have to pay tonnage duties on the
whole capacity of the ship.
When the Bremen contract ran out a year ago,
an exertion was made on the recommendation of
the Post Office Department to get a provision
made simply authorizing the Department to con-
tinue the Bremen line as they wished to do a sin-
gle.year. The effort to do that was made by Gen-
eral Rusk, who was chairman of the Post Office
Committee, on the recommendation of the then
head of the Department. No attention was given
to it, however, and 'no such provision was ob-
tained. The Postmaster Genera!,of course, had
to end the contract with the Bremen line. lie
then offered to pay them the postage on the line,
and knowing they could not live by it they did
not take it, and their four ships have been laid
up m New York lor the past year, and are lying
there now. Two of them arc very nice vessels;
theoiher two, the Hermann and the Washington,
are old ships, but still capable of service, though
not so good as new ones. That company form-
ing our connection with Germany, and doing the
service to oureommerce which I have suggested,
although it has been in successful operation
during the whole period of its contract, is thrown
aside, dismissed Then you made a contract with
Mr. Vanderbilt to run to Southampton and Bre-
men, in place of the Bremen line, for the postage,
and he made the usual agreement to foifeit all
tups that he did not make. What has been the
effect? He ran dunng the summer, in pleasant
weather, but when the fall and winter came he
stopped. In fair weather he can carry the mails
for you; but m had weather he cannot carry a
mail at all. I ask gentlemen seriously, if you
| mean to have a mail, what sort of good does that
j kind of service do? You cannot rely on it. He
I will only run when it is profitable, and that is
i merely in the pleasant season of the year. That
. is one of the experiments made on the idea of
' getting along by the postages.
The other line, which is what we call the Liv-
ingston or Havre line, had their ships on hand,
nearly new vessels, and lather than have their
line broken up they agreed to take the postages,
and they have taken them with the hope "that
Congress would, at some time or other make them
good. They are now running, but it is an un-
profitable business. They hope, as it is said, that
something will turnup, that something will be
done.
It is true, that if Mr. Collins is permitted, ac-
cording to the provisions of the amendment of the
Finance Committee, to run his vessels to South-
ampton instead of to Liverpool, it will affect these
two lines. They now run once a month each,and
alternate; so that wc have, by way of Southamp-
ton, either to Bremen or to Havre, a trip once m
two weeks. If Mr. Collins alternates with them
we shall then have a connection at Southampton
every week as at Liverpool. It is true he will not
run to Bremer Haven or to Havre, but English
steamships run every other day from Southamp-
ton to Havre, and he can make his arrangements
with them to run on the days he arrives, and they
will receive his passengers and the mails nt South-
ampton and carry them over. The effect of that
will be that emigrants and passengers who come
by the Biemenand Havre line now, from South-
ampton, will at least half of them go by the Col-
lins line. That will be to tin* injury of these lines,
and it may be that they will say to the Postmas-„
ter General, " if you allow Mr. Collins to run to
Southampton he will take at least half our busi-
ness away, especially the passengers and freight."
By going in these lines they save transhipment.
Passengers go by British bottoms just £s well as
American; but they would have to be transhipped
from the Collins line to the British line at South-
ampton, and that would make a difficulty; where-
as, now they are shipped originally on the conti-
nent and go through direct without being tran-
shipped at Southampton. Theie these lines would
have the advantage of Collins in freight, but not
in passengers, because the transhipment would
make very little difference to passengers. He
would then have his part of the passenger busi-
ness, which is a great matter in summer. That
might injure their lines, and they might say to the
Postmaster General " if you allow Mr. Collins
to go to Southampton we cannot run our lines
for the postages." It is not true that Mr. Van-
derbilt is running for nothing, no doubt on his
own hook. He is running for the postages.
Mr. SEWARD He runs but one steamer.
Mr. COLLAMER. He runs that once a month,
when there is fair weather.
Mr. YULEE. That is the case with Collins,
too. In the four winter months in the year Col-
lins only runs once a month.
Mr. COLLAMER. But the difficulty is that
Vanderbilt does not run at all in winter.
Mr. YULEE. He would, if the Postmaster
General, under this law, creates a line, or some-
body else might.
Mr. COLLAMER. You agreed to eive him
the postages last year, but when the winter came
he would not run, and did not run.
Mr. YULEE. The Postmaster General was
not at liberty to p.iy, then.
Mr. COLLAMER. He is perfectly willing to
lose the pay for those trips he does not run.
Mr. YULEE. The Postmaster General, al-
though he made the contract with the two parties,
has not been able to pny them, and they have not
received their pay to this time.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is because you did
not make an appropuation.
Mr. YULEE. We make it now.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Postmaster General
agreed to give them the postages; but the postage
money goes into the Tieasury, and you have to
make an appropriation to enable him to draw it
out. That appropriation was not made last year,
but that is not the reason why the trips were not
performed. The pai ties knew very well that there
would be no difficulty in getting the money-. Van-
derbilt did not run, not because he distrusted get-
ting the money, but because it was bad weather,
and he could not make anything by running.
It may be that these two lines would say to the
Postmaster General, " you ought not to allow Mr.
Collins to go to Southampton, because it will af-
fect us, and we cannot afford to run for the post-
ages if you do that." On that account he might
! say to Mr. Collins, " I cannot have you run to
| Southampton because it will break up my Havre
and Bremen lines in the summer.''' That may
be an objection; if it seriously affects him in re-
lation to those contracts, it may be a material'
objection; but it will be remembered that this
amendment does not say he shall run there; it
only leaves it to the Postmaster General to per-
mit him to run there. He can say to Mr. Col-
lins, "Congress has allowed me to give you the
