THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
ter
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1858.
New Series No 
mcnt proposed by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] because a majority of the Senate's
committee, after a full investigation of this sub-
ject, reported that, upon the facts nowbeforethem,
they are not prepared to make a definite proposi-
tion to the Senate, but they require others. Let
us, then, have them, but let us limit the inquiry
within proper scope and proper time. It seems
to me that there is fully as much importance in
this matter, in respect to the particular case before
us, as there is in respect to its becoming a prece-
dent hereafter. I think it will not do for the Sen-
ate of the United States to determine that parties
contestants for seats here may have any length of
time and any scope of inquiry that they choose,
for the purpose of presenting facts to bear upon
the right of a Senator to his seat. That it should
be determined as soon as can consistently be done,
is no less important to the public than to the Sen-
ators who are occupying the seats. Every cir-
cumstance conspires to induce us to dispose of this
question at as early a moment as the legitimate
evidence can be spread before the Senate. I hope,
therefore, that this amendment, or something sub-
stantially the same, will be adopted. 1 think it
should be adopted. I see no reason against it.
Mr. PUGH. I am sorry to detain the Senate
with any more remarks, but it seems to mc that
if the Senator from Michigan had done what lie
says he has not done—had read ihe papers-—ho
would have seen the utter want of necessity for
any such amendment. I stated before, that the
parties had made their issue. He has not lead
it. He has not read tlie pleadings. Here is the
paper, signed by the protestants, members of the
Senate of Indiana. They state their propositions
successively, eight in number. Thesittinjc Senator
[Mr. Fitch] has put in his answer, which is to
be found at page 3 of the document jn my hand,
being the report of the Judiciary Committee on
this case, at the special session of the Senate last
year. The sitting member has stated seven prop-
ositions of fact, and not one of them refers to the
election of a member of the Legislature; so that
when you authorize him to take his testimony on
the allegations of thepanies, youdo notauthorize
any testimony to be taken as to the election of
members of the Indiana Legislature.
The simple question is, why not let the parties
who made the issue, and made if in bliek and
white, whose pleadings are before the committee,
and which pleadings have shaped the case, take
testimony respectively in support of their allega-
tions, instead of adopting an amendment sug-
gested and urged by a Senator who says he has
not even read the papers. The Senator from
Michigan may be sure that the committee are no
more anxious to get a mass of irrelevant testimony
before them than he is; but they think they have
drawn the resolution pioperly. It has been three
times before the committee. On the lirst occasion
it had their unanimous vote, and it has had a large
majority of the committee ever since. It was
drawn originally, I think, by the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and revised by the Sen-
ator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard;] and I think
they could draw it so as to reach the truth of the
case far better than a Senator who says he has
not even read the papers.
It is suggested, however, that if we do not
limit it we shall get some testimonj^ on our records
that ought not to be here. How is that to be
prevented ? Who is to prevent a witness from an-
swering a question put to him ? The officer who
takes the testimony will have no discretion; he
will note an objection, if objection be made, but
he will have to record the answer. We cannot
permit him to decide the ielevancy of the testi-
mony. That belongs to us.
Now as to the tim£. The resolution requires
the parties to give ten days' notice in a newspaper
published in Indianapolis. You must give that
notice, because the members of the Senate of In-
diana, the prosecutors, are dispersed ; they have
returned to private life. They will complain if
thesitting members proceed on twenty-four hours'
notice, in Indianapolis, to take testimony. You
46
must have a notice sufficient to enable them to
come and cross-examine. If the sitting Senators
give ten days' notice, they will have only twenty
days left, according to the original proposition of
the Senator from New York, to take testimony;
and when is the testimony to be taken on the other
side? If there were a contestor here, claiming a
seat in opposition to either of the Senators from
Indiana, there would be some justice, in saying
that his right ought not to be delayed, because,
if he is entitled to a seat, he ought to have it; but
nobody else claims the seat; if these gentlemen be'
put out the seats will be vacant; the right of no
one else is impugned; and therefore I say we had
betterallow a sufficient time to enable them to give
the notice of ten days to the parties, and to have
the testimony here, otherwise we shall have an
application, from one side or the other, to extend
the period. There is plenty of time at this ses-
I sion to take up the testimony and decide the case;
: and therefore I suggested to the Senator from
! New York, before, to fix ninety days, and I insist
j on that now, as the proper measure. As to the
, fust branch of the amendment, in my humble
'judgment, it is wholly unnecessary, because the
body of the resolution expresses sufficiently the :
points on which testimony is to be taken.
Mr. COLLAM ER. I did not intend to occupy
the attention of the Senate at all on this point; but
I perceive from what has been said by the Senator
from Ohio that he docs not understand these al-
legations as I do. First, the sitting member in-
sists that he was elected a Senator by a majority
of all the members composing both Houses of the
Legislature. That is not disputed. The second
allegation is:
" Second. Tii.it he was elected, whilst in such joint con-
vention, by n majonty of the legally qualified member? of
tiic Senate of the State, and of file legally Qualified mem-
bcis of tiie House of Hepre entatives, respectively."
The next is:
" Third. That in oider to asceitain the facts statedin the
piccedmg point, he will be able, by evidence, to sdiow that
three of the persons who are contesting hi* election ware
not then, and ate nor now, legally inembeis of the said State
Senate, and had no right whatever, under the law^nrnl con-
stitution of the State, to be considered, or in any particular
to act, a*- memhets of tnat body ; and that this was at the
time, and still i*, well known to the othei contestants.'5
The next is:
" Fourth. That in the organization of the paid State Sen-
ate, accoidin^ to the constitution. Iiuv5?, and wasie of the
State, the lieutenant Governoi pu^-ide*. and mijku intend-?
th" adtnis-ion t)t tiie members, and the taking the icrjuired
oath* ot otfiee. That upon tins occasion, in violation of
Mieh con-*titul!On, laws, and u-age, the <-aid Ihiee inembcis.
who weic without the o\|uc^lv tequu.-d ciedentiaU of
el.'etiflh, the certificate o! the piopei and only returning
oificet, and wno-e su<n^ were also known to tv contested,
and on g'ouud.- of fraud*'—
The fraud here alleged must be m the election.
Mr. PUGH. That is the allegation; simply
that there was a contest.
Mr. COL LAME 11. If the testimony to betaken
is to beon the points covered by these allegations,
of course it will be on this point: that certain mem-
bers of the Senate of Indiana wore fraudulently
ejected, because that is the very allegation here.
Mr. PUGH. That is only alleged to show that
there was a contest oil the ground of fraud.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot be mistaken in
this; and it will certainly be insisted on, that, un-
der the language of this allegation, testimony can
be given as to the election of members of the Sen-
ate of Indiana. The language of the allegation
is, that," upon this occasion, in violation of such
constitution, laws, and usage, the said three mem-
bers, who were without the expressly required
| credentials of election, the certificate of the proper
; and only returning officer, and whose seats were
j known to be contested, and on grounds of fraud
, also known to bo true, were, by a presiding offi-
I ccr," &c. That contains as direct an allegation
! as these complicated words will allow, that th"se 1
■three members were fraudulently elected; that;
j their being so was known to the contestants, mem- j
! bers of the Senate of Indiana. The allegation is,
j not only that they were fraudulently elected, but
| that their seats were contested, and that these
! protestants knew that they were fraudulently
elected. If I can understand the English language,
that is the purport of this allegation; that is what
was intended to be understood by it, or else it
was intended to mislead. Such being the alle-
gation, I say that, unless some restriction be im-
posed in this resolution, th^estimony which
may be taken may be as to jRther these men
were fraudulently elected to the seats in the Legis-
lature of Indiana. This at once shows the ne-
cessity for a restriction.
Mr. GREEN. I do not think the practical bear-
ing of the first branch of this amendment of any
importance whatever. I believe it will have no
effect on those who conduct the taking of the evi-
dence: for there is no tribunal to decide whether
the evidence offered is pertinent, or is not perti-
nent. It wiil just resolve itself into this in either
case: when the evidence is proposed to be taken
on one side, it will be insisted that it is pertinent
to the issues proposed in this amendment; on the
other side it will be denied. No tiibunal can
decide that but the Senate. An objection will
be noted,as the Senator from Ohio has remarked;
it will then come up to the Senate, and, even if
impertinent to the issue as presented in the first
branch of this proposed amendment, if the Sen-
ate should see that it has a bearing on the great
question, they will receive the evidence anyhow.
The Senate will not be trammeled by little tech-
nical rules They will look to the great question-,
the principle of law as the great guide to attain jus-
tice. Mere little technical rules will never hamper
the action of this body. If itgoesout in its pres-
ent shape on the issues presented by the two par-
ties, they will confine themselves to the issues as
far as they can, but still subject to the same de-
gree of uncertainty which would exist under the
amendment.
It therefore, to my mind, amounts to nothing in
its practical bearing. It will not cut oft" the taking
of evidence any earlier; it will not limit the volume
of the testimony; it will nt)t limit the number of
witnesses examined; and therefore all that it will
result in when the evidence is brought before the
Senate of the United States, will be that one Sen-
ator will contend it was not pertinent evidence*
and ought not to have been taken; and another
will f<ay that, whether pertinent or impertinent, if
it is important as bearing on the justice of the
case, he will consider it. That would be the course
the Senate would clearly take. They will never
'consent to be trammeled by mere technical ob-
jections that do not reach the equity of the case
either on the part of the sitting members or of the
protestants.
As to the question of time, I think there ought
to be a reasonable limitation. Whether sixty days
would be sufficient or not, I am not able to de-
termine. The sitting members think it doubtful
whether that would be sufficient. I do not wish
to cut off the rights of either party by a limita-
tion of time; and if for want of sufficient evidence
taken in proper time injustice should be done on
Either side, we should be to blame for thus im-
posing that limitation. I would rather give an
unnecessary extension of time for the purpose of
being sure to get all the evidence that could pos-
sibly bear on the case, than run the risk of limit-
ing the amount of evidence necessary to ascertain
the truth of the facts putin issue, by sayingsixty
days. That is the view I take of the question of
time. On the proposed first branch of the amend-
ment it amounts to nothing practically; on the
second it might do harm; it can do' no good.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 deem one branch of this in-
quiry a matter of some importance. Idonotthink
the Senate of the United States has any right to
inquire into the qualification, election, or return of
any member of the Senate or House of Represent-
atives of the Legislature of the State of Indiana;
and therefore, to'avoid even the appearance of the
objection made by the Senator from Vermont, I
shall be perfectly willing 'to agree to an amend-
ment to the resolution, providing that no testimo-
ny shall be taken on that point. Then, that being
guarded against, all the other points in the allega-
tions of the sitting members are pertinent to the
