1858.
THE'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2831
right to run to Southampton, if you wish to do
so, and J consent; but inasmuch as it would injure
my other two lines, I will not agree to letyou do
it " i suppose if it was any essential injury in
regard to those two lines, he would not agree to
it. The amendment leaves that matter entirely
ro him. If it would not affect him—and of that
he is to be the judge, and has the means of judg-
ing—1 cannot see any reason why we should not
be willing to let him consent that Collins may run
to Southampton as well as to Liverpool, and
better, for the reason he gives that it is a quicker
connection with London, and will carry our mails
sooner to the continent, because it will carry them
to a place where he can ship them directly across,
instead of carrying them overland through Great
Britain.
Having done with this particular amendment, I
v/itl take occasion, while I am up, to make a few
general remarks in regaid to this subject. I do not
know that 1 understand the wews of the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] m relation
to his project, but it seems to consist in this: that
in the first place he will put an end to our postal
treaties; for we can do nothing of the kind he
mentions except by hife putting an end to the postal
treaties. He would obliterate them to commence
with. I have nothing to say about that now, par-
ticularly, whether it would be good or bad policy;
but suppose them all obliterated: he is going to
carry out his plan, as I undeistand him, by laying
a discriminating postage on the same principle as
we impose discriminating tonnage duties. He is
going to charge double postage, I understand, on
letters brought by foreign ships over that charged
on those brought by American ships.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Only on those foreign lines
that get bonuses or subsidies from other Govern-
ments,
Mr. COLLAMER. The treaties being out of
the way, everything would be left to legislation.
Nov, does not every gentlemen understand that
legulatton is a thing common to all men? Ac-
cording to a common saying, it is a game that
two can play at. You never get any advantage
by discriminating duty or discriminating tonnage
or discriminating postage, when the o'her side
have the power to do the same thing. They will
'just double the postage on all letteis we carry to
them, if we double it on those they carry to us;
and so we shall be even. We can never get along
in that way. Discrimination in that manner is
impiacticable. We should have to make a trade
in the form of a law instead of having it in a
treaty, as now.
1 agree fully with the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] and others, that we
cannot expect our«steam lines to Europe to go nn
and sustain a competition, when the British Gov-
ernment pay such a price to their lines. It can-
not be done by individual enterprise: the thing is
impracticable. That is ourcondition; that is the
condition of the steam service of the world now.
We have got to lake it as it is; we cannot change
it. Other Governments make their own subsi-
dies in their own way. They are not peculiar to
England; other Governments do the same thing.
England has many lines, not only across the At-
lantic, but through the Mediterranean, up the
Baltic and the Black sea, around the Cape ofGood
Hope, and so into India, and six or seven lines
to the West Indies, and all along the east and
west coast of South America, making various
connections, and keeping up constantly a com-
munication across North America by lines cross-
ing the Cunard lines from Halifax to Jamaica.
This being the condition of things, the question
is, what shall wedo? The Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] snys that if the Cunarderscan carry
our letters cheaper than we can, let them do it.
That is his view. I do not believe it is best to do
that, because the result is to give them the carry-
ing trade, especially in light goods It is subsi-
dizing the world to England, making Liverpool,
London, Portsmouth,and Southampton the cen-
ters of the commercial world, forming all their
connections there and subsidizing the commerce
of the world to them, ido not believe thatis the
best poiicy. 1 think we should do something._ It
ought to be done with more precaution. Taking
the postages will not do. The policy of the world
has been to make postages cheap for the benefit of
correspondence; and making the postages cheap,
you cannot therewith buy service to compete with
the subsidies of England. It can never be done
in that manner. It not only cannot be done with
individual lines, but I think it cannot be done
in the aggregate, though the honorable Senator
from Louisiana thinks that if we were to take the
whole postages and set up proper and prudent
lines, the aggregate of postages on all the lines
would support them. 1 do not think so. To my
mind, the business of ocean postage does not differ
in any essential respect from home postage. At
home, the mails are set up, mail routes estab-
lished, and everything put in operation for the
benefit of correspondence, for the benefit of the
business of the country, for the benefit of its com-
merce—if you please, its internal commerce. It
is to promote that commerce. It is the agent and
handmaid of that commerce. I think our ocean
service should be of the same kind and regulated
on the same principles. You cannot establish
mail service on any line in this country unless
Congress makes it a mail line. The Constitution
provides that Congress shall have power to estab-
lish post ofnees and post i oads. They must make
a road a post road before the Postmaster General
can put a moil on it. Thev do by act, from time
to time, from session to session, create new post
routes. Then the head of the Departmentadver-
tises for proposals for carrying the mails on the
routes which Congress Iias established. He gets
his proposals, but it is not a matter of course that
he sets up a line on each route. He looks at the
line, the condition of the country, the prospects
of the increase of business on the line, the con-
nections which it forms, the piospects which aie
given to him, and then he asks himself, "ate
these reasonable, or are the proposals .so extrav-
agant that there is no fair expectation that the re-
ceipts will ever equal the expenses?" If the Post-
master General was to say that he would set up
no mail line except where its own postages would
suppot t itself, all know how we should come out;
we should not run our lines in the United States,
except down about as far as we are standing.
South of us, they could not run at all. Look at
your returns, and you see that in the South and
Southwest, and in all the newly-settled poitions
of the country they do notfurnish postagi senough
to pay the expenses, and if you would set up no
lines except those that sustain themselves wc
should set up no new ones at all except little short
cross mails in thickly-settled portions of the
country.
Now, sir, let Congress carefully and prudently
set up their ocean mail loutes; and in setting up
a line between this country and Europe, I would
not declare, as the law said with regard to the
Collins line, and the SIoo line, and the Harris line,
that the Secretary of the Navy should make a con-
tract with Mr. Collins, Mr. SIoo, or Mr. Harris,
and should give him so much. I think it is bad
policy to make legislative contracts. As long as
the Congress of the United States make contracts,
declare who they shail be with, and how much
they shall have for them, they can never escape
the generally prevailing public suspicion that there
is fraud and deceit and corruption in those con-
tracts. I do not say that theie has been; I do not
say that there was any such thing in 1847, when
the act passed creating the Collins line, fixing the
price and fixing the man; or in the act creating the
SIoo line from New Yoik and New Orleans to
Aspinwall; or the Hams line on the Pacific, at a
fixed price, and with a fixed man, leaving no dis-
cretion to the Secretary of the Navy, allowing him
to receive no proposals from anybody el&e, but
compelling him, in positive, imperative, direct
terms, to make those contracts, and he did make
them. I discard all legislation of that kind ; I dis-
like it: and as long as that is pursued, it will al-
ways be charged, whether truthfully or falsely I
do not sav, that they are the result of corruption.
Mr. TOOMBS. And justly so.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not hke to pass on
that point, and say justly; but I am willing you
should say it. i say they cannot- escape that
imputation. I dislike that sort of thing. There
I is nobody responsible. The responsibility is di-
j vided amongst the Senate and House of fteprc-
| sentatives, and you cannot lay itat any particular
man's door. I think those ocean contracts should
! he made precisely as mail contracts are on the
land. When you have fixed the route and de-
[ clared that there shall be a mail line by steam-
I ships between a point on the American and on
the European coast, or anywhere else, let the
Postmaster General advertise forand receive pro-
posals. I do not say the Department should be
compelled to make a contract with the lowest-
bidder. I do not believe such a provision should
be in the bill. I think he ought to have a dis-
cretion to ascertain whether the lowest bidder is"
a man of straw, a man to go into the market and
fix up a joint stock company, sell shares, and let
the Government whistle for service; a man who
will give you a kind of big fiddle to carry your
mails in, instead of a steamship that will stand
the waves. I think the Postmaster General should
have a discretion to see that the men who offer to
make contracts are responsible; that they will
carry out the contract, and he should stipulate for
the size and proportion and rate of the vessel.
When we have done that, we have run the
parallel; we have made the two cases alike. If
the object is desirable to be effected, such, in my
estimation, should be the means of effecting it; and
then there will be some degree of probability that
you vvill have fairness in relation to proposals,
and something hke honesty in relation to the con-
tracts that are made; and if not, wc shall know
at whose door the responsibility lies.
I will not detain the Senate longer with my
general views on this subject; but to return to the
particular amendment before the Senate, it sterns
to me we might just as well discard the proposition
of the Committee on Finance as adopt the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Senator from Vermont
says that my proposition will lead of course to re-
taliation on the side of Gieat Butain. She cannot
retaliate against us on the pmiciple of myamend-
ment, if we have no subsidized lines. We say
to her that your ships which get no bonus may
bring letters heie at ihe same lateof postage that
our own do; but if they get a bonus, we impose
a tax to equal it. 1 ask if that is not a fair prop-
osition? Great Britain is a sensible country, and
will she not regard this a-3 leasorable? She has
a line now running to the United States in the
winter, I think to Portland—a line of four ships.
M r. COLLAMER. They go up the St. Law-
rence in the summer, and run to Portland in the
w i n te r.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Sol understand. That lino
gets no subsidy, and we impose no tax upon it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think it gets something.
| Mr. CLINGMAN. I think not. i have in-
1 quired of the Postmaster Geneiai. It is the im-
pression of the Department that it gets no sub-
sidy. I have so stated again and again, and I
presume that is the fact. We say to Great Brit-
am, by my proposition: if you do not pay your
lines a bonus, we impose no tax on them. Will
she not say that is reasonable and fair, our pur-
pose being to leave the matter so that all may
stand on an equal footing to transport the mails
across the ocean ?
But the Senator from Vermont says that Van-
deibilt does not run in the winter. Why? Be-
cause he has to compete with subsidized lines,
and they underwork him; but strike them down,
and he might urn in the winter, because then the
ft eights and passengers would be higher, and
who would complain of that:—our luxurious or
wealthy people, or those who ought to he wealthy,
that go to Europe5 1 have had half a dozen
letters within the last few months from people
traveling m Europe, whom I happened to know,
lamenting that the Collins line had gone down,
and wanting it kept up. Now I am perfectly will-
ing that it shall be kept up, but let those who are
transported in it pay the cost. If raising the price
of passengers would keep some of our people at
home, I do not think it would be a national loss
any more than it would be to raise freights a little,
and stop the immense trade which some gentle-
men complain of; I do not complain of it, but I
am not willing to pay to get it hero. If tins sys-
tem shall be changed, the result will perhaps be
a little higher rate of freight, a little more charge
for passengers, and then Mr. Vanderbiit and
everybody can go into the business.
Tiie Senator from Vermont says that you must
do on sea as on land, and make a contract with
somebody to carry the mails acioss tiie ocean. I
do not think that follows. You may be obliged
to make a contract and send a mail on land by
horse or by stage coach, or by some other mode
of conveyance, simply because you cannot get
