1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1807
Mr. Faulkner with Mr. Morrill; Mr. Gar-
nett with Mr Hickman; Mr Horton with Mr.
Kunkei., of Maryland; Mr. L\xdy with Mr. Ri-
caud; Mr. Montgomery with Mr. Warren;
Mr. Powell with Mr. Marshall, of Illinois;
Mr. Wood with Mr Taylor, of New York; Mr.
Thompson with Mr. Stewart, of Maryland
The SPEAKER announced that two hundred
and eight members had answered to their names.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved thatall further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
postpone as amended.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, asked the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. The motion to postpone is
debatable—is it not?
The SPEAKER. To a limited extent.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to discuss that mo-
tion. For some reason that 1 do not very well
comprehend it seems that, whether this question
is taken or not, no other business can be done,
because we have spent two days in taking about
two votes upon this question, ft seems to me,
therefore, that, if nothing; else is to be done, if the
time is to be spent, it might as well be spent in
giving reasons for and against the postponement
as in idling away our time in this way. If there
be common consent that this subject shall go over
until Wednesday next, I have no disposition to
take up the time of the House.
Mr SHERMAN, of Ohio. I understood that,
by common consent, the subject was to be post-
poned until Wednesday next.
The SPEAKER. That proposition was ob-
jected to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If it is the com-
mon consent of the House that the vote shall be
taken on Wednesday next, that disposition of the
question may be made without further delay; if
not, there is no other mode of obtaining that re-
sult except by vote of the House.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. There is
not unanimous consent. I objected distinctly.
Mr. STANTON. If there be no objection to
the postponement of the question until Wednes-
day next, t will not detain the House. Other-
wise, I wish to be heard very briefly upon the
question of postponement.
Mr. GROW The proposition cannot be agreed
to by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Who objects ?
Mr. GROW. Several members object.
Mr. STANTON. I will therefore go on. The
motion to postpone the further consideration of
this question until two weeks from to-day, was,
as I understand, made by a gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Hill,] who is now absent, and who
does not expect to return until a short time pre-
vious to the day named in his motion of postpone-
ment. I take it for granted that the motion was
made in good faith, to enable him to make up his
mind as to the vote he was to give upon the re-
port of the committee of conference. I take it for
granted, inasmuch as this report presents him,
and all who vote either for or against it, in a new
attitude before the country, that he, as the repre-
sentative of the people who sent him here, desires
an opportunity of consulting with them, to ascer-
tain their opinions in relation to it. If I under-
stand the position which the gentleman from
Georgia has occupied, as well as that of the gen-
tlemen with whom he has heretofore acted, they
assume the ground that there shall be no resub-
mission of this Lecompton constitution to the peo-
ple of Kansas.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
in discussing the question of postponement, can-
not go into the merits of the original bill, or the
pending bill.
Mr. STANTON. I am perfectly aware of
that, and do not propose to do it. I am only al-
luding to the merits of the question so far as to
show the propriety aad necessity that a gentleman
is under of taking time for deliberation and con-
sultation with his constituents.
The SPEAKER. It would be,equally com-
petent for the gentleman to go into the entire mer-
its of the bill for the same purpose.
Mr. STANTON. I do not propose to go into
the entire merits of the proposition I do not
j! present any reasons why the report of the com-
ij mittee of conference should or should not be
;j adopted. I take it for granted that there isa great
ji dinVteiice between the reasons that may be given
i fairly for the postponement of d piopnsinon of
no sort of magnitude, and thos-e whi<Ji may be
i given for the postponement of one of cieat magm
j! tude—between a very complicated proposition,
|! and a simple proposition—between one which re-
|| quires no time to consider and understand, and
j one which requires much time to consider and un-
I derstand,and which may require a Representa-
: tive to ask for time to consult his constituents in
| respect to it. I submit that no gentleman can truly
j present his reasons on the question of the post-
j poncmcnt of any proposition without a reference
j to the nature and character of the proposition
j upon which he is called to act. That is all; and
i these are certainly proper subjects to be alluded
[ to. It is certainly proper to urge the important
! character of the question before us, to show why
j we desire that it shall be postponed, in order to
; give gentlemen who may desire it an opportunity
to consult their constituents, who have sent them
here.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very well awai e
of the ingenuity of the gentleman from Ohio; he
has had occasion to observe it oftentimes; but the
Chair cannot permit the rule of the House, which
restricts debate to the simple question of post-
ponement, to be evaded by indirection.
Mr. STANTON. I submit to the Chair that
I have no desire to evade anything. 1 was sub-
mitting in good faith reasons why, in my judg-
ment, this question should be postponed
The SPEAKER. Within the rules of the
House >
Mr. STANTON. Certainly, within the rules
of the House. I am doing it in good faith, and
not seeking to evade the rules. Now, sir, I be-
lieve that if this question should be postponed
until the day named by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Hill,] much light might be reflected
upon this question from the various sections of
this Confederacy. 1 believe il to be exceedingly
proper that it should be done, and that it is ex-
ceedingly appropriate that gentlemen should have
time and opportunity to consult those who sent
them here, and to cast their votes in accordance
with the opinions of their constituents upon this
question.
I was about to remark, and strictly within the
rule, that this question is now presented m a dif-
ferent form. The gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Hill] has heretofore been found uniformly voting
against any submission of this question. It is
now proposed to submit it
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for the
gentleman from Ohio, in his remarks, to discuss
the merits of either proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I think that the
objection to the postponement will be withdrawn.
Let the subject, therefore, by common consent,
go over informally until Wednesday next, at one
o'clock.
Mr. GROW. I thought the understanding was,
before the call of the House, made at the instance
of thegentleman from Virginia, thatthe motion for
two weeks' postponement be voted down, and the
motion for a postponement to Wednesday next
agreed to. *
The SPEAKER. That was the understanding
of the Chair.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Ohio stated
that, by common consent, it was to go over to
Wednesday, and I stated in reply, from my seat,
that it was not by general consent, but by the vote
of the House. I understood that to be the way
in which this thing was to be managed. 1 have
no objection to that course.
Mr. SHERMAN,-of Ohio. My understanding
is this: on Wednesday next the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. English] will call up this as a priv-
ileged question, and it will come up*-then as a priv-
ileged question under the operation of the rules of
the House.
Mr. CLEMENS. Let us agree to that.
Mr. GRO"W Then the understanding of my
friend from Ohio is, that the motion to postpone
for two weeks may be voted down, in the usual
course of business, and that then the motion for
a postponement to Wednesday may be made,
with the understanding that it be carried, and that
i on that day the question will come up under the
rules like any other question; and I presume that
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Howard] will
be heard before the question is t.sken, as it was
the understanding that ho should be heard when
the committee of conference miuje i's rep- r*
Air. STANTON If ii !>e (he slitjiosjtfori of
the House to pass over flu;- .pi'-wlior- informally,
to be called up a^atn on Wi dn« sd«v n« \t, then I
will not occupy the time of tin House a moment
longer, i have never yet occupied the- time of the
House for an hour, or a moment, in discussing
questions not immediately before it. I believe
that there is legitimate business which ought to
be done, and 1 will not occupy the floor longer,
and keep the House from proceeding to the exe-
cution of that legitimate business With a view
to briny: it to a eunsndei ation of thai business, and
that this question may be passed over informally,
I will say nothing ftu iher on this subject, but will
propose a resolution
Mr SEWA'-D. I wish to understand this
proposition before 1 am bound by it.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will allow me
a moment: I have no objection to this question
going over until Wednesday next, and then to
come up under the rules. I made no objection to
that, and 1 make none now.
Mr MARSHALL, of Kentucky. My under-
standing is this: the question is to pass over in-
formally, under notice flint if will be called up in
Us present shape on Wednesday mxt, not that
we are to vote down 
Mi HOOOUK . I shall object to that.
Mi MAUSli ALL, of Kentucky. And not that
we are to yield any of the ground that we have
already won.
Mt. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That is not the
understanding
Mr MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then the
other understanding is not the understanding
either.
Mr WASHBURN, of Maine. It is to ask
the unanimous consent of the House to substitute
Wednesday next for the second Monday m May.
Mr. TRiPPE obtained the floor.
Mr. SEW A RD I object to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stanton] occupying the floor and
fanning it out.
Mr. STANTON. 1 yielded it simply for an
inquiry.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to say a word, and I
have some rights here. Before 1 am called upon
to vote on this proposition, I want to know spe-
cifically what it is.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 hope the gentleman will
hear his colleague.
Mr. TRIPPE. 1 did not hear the statement of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] but I
understand that he construed the remarks made
by my colleague, [Mr. Hill,] the other day, as
basing hm reasons for the postponement on the
ground that it was his desire to go home and con-
suit his political friends and constituents.
Mr. STANTON. I did not say that the gen-
tleman from Georgia had made that statement;
but I said that I thought it would be exceedingly
proper he should do so, and that that was one of#
the reasons controlling his action.
Mr. TRIPPE. Allow me. I recollect what it
was that my colleague stated. He based his mo-
tion for postponement on reasons controlling- his
absence; and in regard to the other fact, what he
stated was incidental, and I suppose no gentleman
objected to it at the time.
Mr. SEWARD. Unless we are to come to a
vote on Wednesday next, I shall object to amend-
ing the proposition at all. The country is sick
of this whole controversy. There is no necessity
for any delay; and I will consent to no amend-
ment of the proposition, except with the under-
standing that on Wednesday next we shall reach
some distinct vote on the question. We are now
no nearer its decision than we were at the com-
mencement of the session. I am willing to let
Wednesday next be fixed upon, if we can-get a
vote then, and either defeat this conference bill,
or carry U through. I want an end of this con-
troversy.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the adoption of a res-
olution, with the understanding that this question
shall go over uatil Wednesday "next 
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am not a
party to that understanding.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to see whether I un-
