1808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26.
derstand this question. I do not want to occupy
the floor, however, with the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio; but when he gets through
I want to'see whether I understand the question
before the House,
Mr. STANTON. I yield up the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that there has
been an agreement of some sort; I do not say that
my colleague was a party to any; on the contrary
the records show that he was not. There was an
agreement that the pending question should be
voted down, and that then the proposition of the
conference committee should be postponed until
Wednesday next at one o'clock. If that be true,
and the question be submitted to the House, I
think it will be carried almost unanimously. I
discover no opposition to that agreement; or, if
there be an opposition, it is very small. Why,
then, should we hesitate and consume the time of
the House fruitlessly, when gentlemen say that
time is important, and when all of us who desire
to get home on the 7th of June must know it to be
important? Why not at once dispose of the mat-
ter? Why consume time when it is apparent that
four fifths of the House favor the agreement?
Mr. STANTON. The difference between gen-
tlemen here is whether this shall go over inform-
ally until Wednesday next, or whether the prop-
osition for the two weeks'postponement shall be
voted down. I understand that the agreement is
that the whole matter shall go over until Wednes-
day next withcwit any vote.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There is no
agreement of that kind.
Mr. HOUSTON. Thatwasnotthe understand-
ing, that the question should go over until Wed-
nesday next, and then to come up for the House
to decide on the postponement to the second Mon-
day of May.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to a question .of order. I
believe that there is some, proposition before the
House. Is this debate ill older?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
discussion is not very relevant to the pending
question, which is on agreeing to the motion of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. English,] as
amended on motion of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Hill.]
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I move to amend
that by inserting next Wednesday in place of the
time fixed by that amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. That is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
House having inserted one day m the motion, it is
not in order to strike it out and to insert another.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to insert Wednesday
next.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 shall object, unless we shall
have some definite arrangement to take then the
final vote on the matter. If the floor be surren-
dered, I want to say something on the postpone-
ment. 1 am as well prepared to vote on this ques-
tion to-day as I shall be six months hence; and in
giving my vote, sir, I shall do it with the best
lights I have on this subject, right or wrong; and,
like a full-grown man, I will go home and meet
"the responsibility I have taken. It is an easy
matter to trump up objections to acting upon this
matter at once. These secret motives which linger
in the breasts of gentlemen, in view of some polit-
ical movement in the future, furnish, m my opin-
ion, the great controlling object to postpone. It is
to mature and manufacture political capital.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Georgia is indirectly, if not
directly, impugning the motives of the members
of this House.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman is mistaken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the ques-
tion of order. The Chair would say that he un-
derstood the remarks of the gentleman exactly as
did the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr, SEWARD. And I say to the Speaker and
the gentleman that 1 impugn the motives of no
man. In speaking of the motives which control
the actions of gentlemen upon this floor, I did not
say that they were bad motives. That is for gen-
tlemen themselves to consider.
The SPEAKER, it is hardly competent for
the gentleman to assign motives, good or bad.
Mr. SEWARD. I have a right to pronounce
a eulogy upon the character of any gentleman in
this House. [Laughter.] But 1 shall endeavor
to keep myself within the rules in discussing this
question of postponing. I do not intend to travel
out of it. I ask the members of this House what
object, which looks to the good of this country,
can be accomplished by the postponement of
this question? Can anything new be presented?
The whole one hundred and twenty speeches on
Kansas delivered upon this floor, have contained
substantially the same ideas and opinions, re-
vamped and rehashed, until the country is thor-
oughly disgusted and sick with this whole con-
troversy; and I want it terminated. The inter-
est of the country demands it; the condition of
the country demands action; the expense of every
day's legislation demands that an end should be
put to this controversy; the character and repu.-
tation of the House of Representatives demand
it. We have trifled with this question too long,
and it is time an end should be put to this mat-
ter.
If gentlemen upon this side of the House have
the power to reject the admission of Kansas, let
them do it by their votes. If, on the contrary,
gentlemen upon the other side of the House have
the power, let them vote her admission. Let us
meet the responsibility now. I am willing to
vote to-day; and I think that is a candid way to
meet the whole question. I do not want to go
home to ask my constituents what 1 shall do. 1
am here to think for them, and I shall do it hon-
estly and fairly; and if I commit a mistake in the
honest exercise of my judgment, they can change
their Representative if they desire it. I shall
wait for no newspapers or letters from home by
which to shape my course; for when my opinions
have to be molded in that way, I forfeit my own
self-respect, surrender my own judgment, resolve
myself into a state of political nonentity, and fit
myself to become somebody's slave, who perhaps
is not entitled to be my master, to say the least.
I know this question to some extent partakes of
the nature of a sectional controversy.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia cannot enter into a discussion of the merits of
either proposition.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not understand that the
bill itself contains any principle of sectionality.
I am talking outside of the bill. I wish I could
talk of what it contains.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes the gentle-
man will confine himself to the subject-matter be-
fore the House, strictly in order.
Mr. SEWARD. Having said what I desire to
say in order, and not being inclined to go outside
of the rules, I will say no more.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know what effect
it would have upon the entire proposition before
the House, if the House should now lay upon the
table the resolution as amended ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman mean
the proposition to postpone ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it cannot be separated from the original proposi-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Prom the bill itself?
The SPEAKER. From the bill itself; and,
therefore, a motion to lay upon the table the pend-
ing proposition would carry the whole subject
with it.
Mr. HOUSTON. lunderstandthat,on the last
day we were engaged in legislation, the Speaker
entertained a proposition to amend what I under-
stood then was called a resolution to postpone. If
it is in that condition, it seems to me that it can
be detached,and that we can arrest debate by lay-
ing that question on the table,and then we could
adopt next Wednesday as the day to take the
vote, by a separate and distinct motion.
My purpose is this: I was no party to any
understanding which was had by the two sides
of the House as to the time of voting, yet 1 un-
derstand it has been agreed to, and I propose now
to carry it out in good faith. I want to save
the time of the House; and I desire that when we
meet on Wednesday next we shall come forward
and vote upon the bill agreed upon by the com-
mittee of conference. If I should r*.ll the nrevious
question, and it should be sustained, it would
bring the House to a direct vote upon the bill as
reported by the committee of conference. But I
do not want to do that, though I am ready to vote
now. 1 am prepared to vote to-day; and if my
wish were consulted, I would have a vote now,
and let the bill take its course as a majority of the
House should decide.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to make a single suggestion ? I think there
is really no misunderstanding upon this matter.
There is a proposition to postpone this matter
until Wednesday. Some gentlemen say they are
ready to postpone it until that time, provided the
whole matter goes over, and they can then avail
themselves of the pending motion. Other gentle-
men say they are willing to postpone if1 there is
to be a vote then. What does that mean ? Upon
that day gentlemen may move to postpone for one
week, two weeks, or a year, or they may move
to lay the matter upon the table. The whole
effect would therefore be to throw the matter over
until Wednesday next, and it makes no difference
whether 
Mr. HOUSTON, The gentleman is slightly
mistaken in my view of the case.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 hope the gentleman will
allow me to complete my sentence.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood this to be the
case: that it was agreed between gentlemen who
had the management of this matter that the pres-
ent motion should be withdrawn, if general con-
sent could be obtained, and then the understand-
ing upon all sides of the House would be, that,
on Wednesday next, we would come forward and
vote upon the bill of the conference committee.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to complete my proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must arrest this
course of remark. There is no understanding of
that sort which can be recognized by the Chair.
The Chair can only recognize motions that are
made according to parliamentary rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware of that, and I
am not attempting to enforce an agreement before
the Chair as a court proceeding to enforce con-
tracts. I am arguing to the House as well as to
the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman from Ala-
bama, in making his remarks, ijnust confine them
to the question of the propriety or non-propriety
of the postponement.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yery well, sir. I desire to get
at what seemed to be the understanding, and to aid
in carrying it out. I am willing to vote to-day, if
the House shall see fit, to call the previous ques-
tion. I am willing to meet this question, and vote
upon it now. If, however, gentlemen prefer to
postpone it until Wednesday, then let us vote
down the pending proposition without further de-
bate or consumption of time, and agree, m good
faith, that upon Wednesday next we will come
forward and vote upon the report of the commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I presume there will be no
objection to the pending motion to postpone being
withdrawn, and the other submitted, when gen-
tlemen remember that on Wednesday next they
can renew this identical motion to postpone.
Mr. HOUSTON. But that would be a viola-
tion of the understanding, if we should agree to
Wednesday.
Mr. CLINGMAN, I do not understand the
gentleman from Alabama to object to any parlia-
mentary motion being made on that day, if the
report is postponed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all; but the gentle-
man from Alabama means this: that if the House
agrees by common consent to take the vote on
that day, this motion could not, in good faith, be
renewed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Of course, they might
move to postpone it indefinitely, or to a day cer-
tain.
Mr. BURNETT. Who has the floor >
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I insist that he shall
be allowed to occupy it without these constant in-
terruptions.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is there any objection to
the postponement of this subject until Wednesday
next, with the understanding that it shall come
up then under the rules, and that all parliament-
ary motions may be made?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. None on this
side.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The majority can then
second the previous question and pass the bill, or
