1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
transpired there, there was such irregularity on
the part of certain persons claiming to be mem-
bers of the Senate of Indiana, as to render their
proceedings void, and therefore, that three State
Senators who were sworn into officc were illegally
and irregularly inducted into office,and were the
same as if they had never been sworn at all; that
there were, therefore, but forty-seven members of
the Senate; and that twenty-four, being a majority
of forty-seven, having met with a majority of the
.House of Representatives, that constituted a valid
body, a joint convention, for the election of Sena-
tors. In reply to this, it is stated that although
in the morning of that day, and before dinner,
there was some irregular proceeding on the part
of members of the Senate, yet after dinner they
were regularly sworn in by, or by the direction
of, the presiding officer of the body. It is con-
ceded, as I understand, upon all hands, that if
these persons were regularly inducted into office,
previous to the time when this election for United
States Senators took place, they were members
of the Senate of Indiana, and this body have no
right to go beyond that and make any inquiry as
to whether they were properly elected or not.
It seems to me, then, that the only question pre-
sented upon the discussion which has taken place
hexe is, whether they were irregularly or rcgulai ly
sworn into office ? The only question of fact that
has been raised—the only one that was raised by
the honorable Senatorfrom Georgia—was whether
these Senators were regularly sworn into office
previous to the time of election of United States
Senators? If they were, that is an end of the ques-
tion. If fhey were not, the question of fact which
they deem material arises, and it is proper to take
the testimony for them to consider in forming their
judgment upon the case.
Pray, sir, how long will it take to procure tes-
timony to prove that fact? How long will it take
to send to Indiana to find out whether these three
persons were duly sworn in as members of the
Senate of Indiana by the order of the Lieutenant
Governor of the State of Indiana, and whether
that occurred previous to the election of United
States Senators or not ? Thirty days is an ample
time; sixty days is double the time that is neces-
sary. So it seems to me; and, for my own part,
I should have been much better satisfied with an
amendment limiting the time to thirty days in-
stead of sixty days. I shall, however, vote for
the amendment of the Senator from New York,
although he has deemed it proper to name sixty
days as the time within which to take the testi-
mony. All the testirqpny can be taken in thirty
days just as well as in thirty years—all that is ne-
cessary to prove the fact whether they were sworn
into office or not before -this election of Senators
took place. If they were regulaily sworn in, that
is an end of the whole question. The Legislature
never agreed to go into joint convention, nor did
they go in, if such is the fact. 31 reduces itself, it
seems to me, to that single fact; and there isnoth-
ing else which should be inquired into.
Mr. MALLORY called for the yeas and nays
on the first branch of Mr. Seward's amendment;
and they wore ordered.
Mr. FOOT. It may be proper for me to say
that, on all questions arising on the case before
us, I have been paired off with the absent Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. WILSON. On all questions connected with j
this case, I have paired off with the Senator from !
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin'.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 25: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brodeuck, Cameron, Chandler, Ciaik,
Collamer, Dixon, Doohttle, Durkce, Fcbsenden, Foster,
Hamlin, Harlan, King, Sowaid, Simmons, Stuart, Sumner,
Trumbull, and Wade-—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bisrgs, Biglcr, Brown,Clay, Evans
Green, Gvvin, Hammond, Houswu, Hunter, Iverson, John- .
son ot Atlcatisas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, j
Mallory, Mason, Polk, Pu?h, Sebastian, Slide!),'Thompson I
ofKentueky, Toombs, and Yulee—23. j
So it was rejected; and the question recurred on
the second branch of Mr. Seward's amendment
proposing to limit the time for taking testimony
to sixty days.
Mr. PUGH. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out sixty days and inserting ninety.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 27, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Biggs, Bigler, Broderick, Brown,
Clay, Evans, Green, Gwin, Hammond, Houston, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee,
Jones, Kennedy, Mallory, Ma&on, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian,
Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Wright, and
Yulee—97.
NAYS—Messis. Chandler, Clark. Coli.imer, Dixon, Doo-
htile, Durkee, FVssenden, Foitei, Ilamhu, Harlan, King,
Seward, Simmons, Stuait, Sumner, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, Trumbull, and Wade—18.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move an additional proviso
to the resolution as amended:
Jlnd provided, That no testimony shall be taken under
this resolution in relation to the qualification, election, or
return of any member of the Indiana Legislature.
I wish to set that question on a certain basis.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out the words, " any judge of the
district court of the United States, or any judge
of the supreme or circuit courts of the State of
Indiana," and inserting "the Hon. Oliver H.
Smith, the Hon. John Pettit, and the Hon. John
Defrees, who are hereby appointed commissioners
for that purpose."
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. The original resolution reported
by the committee was drawn in conformity with
the general usage of the Government for many
years. The taking of such testimony has always
been limited to the judges of courts of record.
We cannot compel the three gentlemen named by
the Senator from Massachusetts, or a majority of
them, to attend to this matter. It may interfere
with their other duties. The investigation might
be delayed and impeded by appointing three com-
missioners, who are engaged in other employ-
ments. 1 do not know them, exccpt one of the
gentlemen who was formerly a Senator in this
body. The resolution refers the matter to the
proper persons to take testimony, those whom
the laws of Indiana recognize. We ought not
to allow this testimony to be taken by anybody
whom the laws of Indiana do not recognize as
proper for that purpose—the judges of her su-
preme or circuit courts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have some apprehen-
sion., as the time is limited within which testimony
is to be taken, that there may be a failure on one
side or the other to get all the testimony; so that
this matter cannot bo definitively settled at the end
of ninety days. I ask the Senator from Georgia
what objection there is to inserting, after the pro-
vision which the Senator from Massachusetts pro-
poses to strike out, the words " or any other
persons qualified by the laws of Indiana to take
testimony ?" If we agree to that, and one of these
gentlemen cannot attend to it, somebody else can
be found who will; and then it will not be con-
fined, as I understand it is now, to persons all of
one political denomination.
Mr. TOOM BS. I can only state that I do not
know what party these judges belong to. I do
not know what are the politics of the judges. I
never heard a suggestion on that-point. Certainly
none was made to me from Indiana, or anywhere
else. I pursued the form usually adopted. The
reason why I did not desire to extend it lower
was because we might get into difficulties on ac-
count of the infidelity of inferior ofiicers in taking
testimony; but when we confide it to the judges,
it is to be presumed that they arc proper persons.
To what party they may belong 1 do not know.
Mr. PUGti. I understand that the judges of
the circuit court are elected by the people of.sep-
arate districts, and the judges of the supreme
court by the people at large.
Mr. J^ESSENDEN. That may be, but it does
not disprove the allegation which has been made.
I presume those gentlemen, if they undertake the
matter, will attend to it faithfully; but there is no
mode of compelling them to take this testimony.
It is a matter entirely within their choice to take
it or not. It is possible they may find it conve-
nient to take it on one side and not on the other.
What will you do in that case? ,
Mr. TOOMBS. If we allow the testimony to I
be taken before so large a number of persons as j
all the judges of the supreme court, and of the i
circuit courts, I take it for gianted that there will ,
be found some person who will do this duty, and ;
I confined it to them because that had been the j
regular course. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. I doubt whether theSen^
ate jcaa have all the testimony taken in ninety
days, according to the original resolution.
Mr. TOOMBS. If there should be a difficulty,
either party could, come to the Senate and have
the time enlarged.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. But I do not want the
time enlarged. I wish to prevent the necessity of
any such application.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should hold that either party
desiring an extension of time should come early,
and if it was shown to be necessary to enlarge the
rule, and allow other persons to take testimony,
I presume that would be allowed if a proper case
was made out for it; as for example, if the persons
now authorized would not attend to it.
The amendment of Mr. Wilson was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to amend
the resolution by striking out the words, " the
supreme or circuit courts," and inserting instead
of them, " any court of record," so that it will
read, " orany judge of any court of record in the
State of Indiana." That will include a still larger
class. It will include the probate judges, I sup-
pose.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not see any objection to
that.
Mr. GREEN. I think there may be objection
to the amendment in this respect: there is a court
of record in every county of the State, and they
may be taking evidence in every county at the
same time, while the sitting Senators would not
be able to be present at thom all.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is an objection which I
did not think of.
Mr. GREEN. I should like to have some
system designated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The circuitcourts extend
over the whole State.
Mr. GREEN. That is true; but at the same
time their number is limited, and both parties
cannot be taking evidence at the same number of
places as may be allowed under the amendment
which the Senator now proposes. Probate judges
keep records, and you can multiply them almost
indefinitely. Some probate courts consist of three
judges, so that you may piultiply the number of
probate courts by three; add to that all the circuit
courts and all the judges of the supreme court of
Indiana, and then you will have the number of
persons before whom, uuderthis amendment, tes-
timony may be taken. Sometimes there is a com-
missioner's court to transact county business in
a county, keeping a record, and called a court of
record. You may multiply the number of such
courts by three, and add that to the former num-
ber, and take testimony before so many persons.
I really think it would produce confusion, and
render it impossible for the parties to attend to
the taking of this evidence. I think a fair oppor-
tunity ought to be afforded on both sides, or else
Yio opportunity at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My simple object in
moving the amendment was to so enlarge the
number of persons before whom the testimony
might be taken as to prevent the chance of fail-
ure to have the testimony taken at the end of the
ninety days. If you confine it to the judges of
the supreme and circuit courts, their number is
very limited, and they may be engaged in the
trial of causes, or other reasons may render it
possible that the testimony will not be completed
in time. For this reason I have offered the amend
mont allowing the testimony to be taken before
the judge of any court of record in the State of"
Indiana.
Now, I do not agree with the Senator from Mis-
souri in his supposition. I do not take it for
granted that gentlemen of the high standing of
these gentlemen, Senators of the United States on
the one side, and members of the Senate of the
State of Indiana on the other, would go to playing
little pettifogging tricks on each other. I thinlc
better of them. I do not suppose that either of
those gentlemen will give notice of testimony to be
taken in half a dozen places on the same day, or
that their adversaries will do so. I do not pre-
sume such small business will be engaged in by-
such men. I hope they are men of more consid-
eiauon than to resort to such means. 1 think the
objection which is made does not lie, and I really
think the Senate will be doing nothing unreason-
able when they have given the time of ninety
days, and when there is so strong a desire to have
