1810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
'...proceed to a reasonable length* Novr&ll th&t is
proposed is, that by the general acquiescence of
the House we shall reject the motion to postpone
as amended, [" No, no,"] and that we shall then
reject the original proposition fixing a day for the
•consideration Of the report, and that an independ-
. ent motion be made, which I presume could be
done, postponing this question until Wednesday
"next.- If this is done,at that time we commence
the consideration of the question; It does not fol-
: low, of course, that we terminate it on that day.
BelJeving that to be the general desire of the ma-
: jofity of the House, I hope that we will proceed
to take a rote on the question in its present form,
reject the resolution as amended, reject the ori-
ginal proposition, and then adopt a new and in-
dependent resolution, postponing the further con-
sideration of the question until Wednesday next
wlien We shall commence the discussion which
" I think it proper should take place. For one, sir,
I say that 1 shall not vote for the previous ques-
- tion until a reasonable time has elapsed to discuss
. that question.
The question recurred on Mr. English's mo-
tion as amended on motion of Mr. Hill.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 100, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Biihnghurst,
Bingham. Blair, Bliss, Botiham, Brayton, Bryan, Buffiilton,
BurKngame, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Lz ra Clark, Horace
F.CIaik, Clawson, Clark B. Cochianc, Colfax, Comms,
Covode, Cragin, Curtis, Damrell, Davis ot Maiyland,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dean. Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Farnsworth,Fen-
ton Foster, Giddmga, Oilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas
Harris, Haskiu, I-Ioard, Howard, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kil-
gore. Knapp, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall,
Morgan, Edward Jov Morris, Isaac N. Moms, Freeman
H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Moti, Murray, Nichols, Ohn,
Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance,
'Quitman, Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberta, Royee, Aaron Shaw,
John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Robert
Smith, Spinner, Staihvorth, Stanton, William Stewart,
Tappan, Tliayer, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Walton, Ellihu B. Wasliburne, Israel
Washburn, and Wilson—100.
• NAYS—Messrs. Adiain, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Avery,
Barks-dale, Bishop, Bocock. Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Burns,
Caruthers, Caskie, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay, Clem-
ens, Clingman, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cookerill, Corning,
Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Da-
vidson, IJewart, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Eustis, Florence. Foley, Gartrell,GiIhs,Gieenwood, Gregg,
Gtoesbeck, Lawrence W. Hail, Hatch, Hawkins, Hop-
kins, Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Owen Jones, Ki-itt,
Kelly, Lamar, Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher, Maelay, Mc-
Queen, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Million, Mooie,
Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Ready, Rea-
gan, IReilly, liuffin. Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales,
Beott. Searing, Seward, Henry M. Shaw, Sickles, Single-
lon, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Steven-
son, Talbot, Trippo, Ward, Watknis, White, Whiteiey,
Winslow, Woodson, Worteiulyke, Augustus R. Wright,
Jolm V. Wright, and Zollleoffer—-104.
So the motion, as amended, was disagreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion lo reconsider be laid upon the table
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF DECEASED MEMBERS.
Mr. NIBLACK. I offer the following resolu-
tion: . . .
Resolved, Thnf fhore be paid out of the conttnsont fund
of this to the widows of the Hon. Samuel Br«i ton,
of the Hon. John G. Montgomery, and of the Hon. James
Lockhart, dectcd inombors ot* this House for the present
Congress, and now deceased, the compensation ot saul hep-
re=entatiVH<. at thft rate of ,^*3,000 per annum, to wit: to each
of tho first two, for three months; and to the last, for six
ummhs.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. This reso-
lution is in direct violation of the law.
Mr. NIBLACK. If there be objection, I move
to suspend the rules for the purpose of introducing
that resolution.
Mr. XCEITT. I wish simply to make this in-
quiry: have the successors of those named in the
resolution drawn pay for the whole term, or is it
expected that both shall draw pay?
Mr. NIBLACK. I understand that they have,
under the law.
Mr. KEITT. Then it is paying double.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentueky. I do notob-
ject to the introduction of the resolution. I am
iviHid'* that the resolution shall be introduced; but
1 wish to say to the gentleman from Indiana, that
the resolution is m direct violation of the mem-
bers' compensation Ijw, unless the proposition
be to pay this out of the contingent fund of the
House; then the resolution would not deprive the
to the knowledge of the Chair., The compensa-
tion bill was only passed at the last Congress.
The call being temporarily suspended on ac-
count of confusion in the Hall,
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, inquired if it would
be in order to have the compensation bill read ?
The* SPEAKER.. The Chair docs not think
anything would be in order.
Mr. CLING-MAN. I mo.ve that the House,
by general consent, suspend conversation, and.
allow the roll to be called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be ex-
tremely gratified if the proposition of the gentle-
man from North "Carolina would be assented to
bythe House. [Cries of " agreed,"" agreed."]
The call of the roll was then concluded, and the
result announced as above recorded.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to have the defi-
ciency bill taken up from the Speaker's table.
Mr. STANTON. There is objection for a
moment until I can offer 
Mr. LETCHER. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
The motion was agreed to; and the deficiency
bill was taken from the Speaker's table, and the
Senate amendments thereto reported to the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I suppose the question will
be upon concurring with the Senate in their
amendments.
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. LETCHER. Every gentleman will have
an opportunity to express his opinion by his vote
on each one of these amendments. One 1 shall
vote for, and the other two I shall vote against.
I now move the previous question.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the bill for two weeks.
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot be en-
tertained.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I move to commit the
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be en-
tertained pending the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to move
an amendment to one of the Senate's amendments;
and, therefore, I hope the House will not sustain
the previous question.
Mr. SEWARD. I make my motion because
I am not going to be compelled to vote upon a bill
or amendments I know nothing about, and we
may as well meet this question now.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
The previous question has been demanded, and
debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken. Debate is not in order.
Mr STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that a bill to appropriate money shall
not be considered except in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LETCHER. There is no appropriation
in either of these amendments.
Mr. STANTON. The rule is, that no propo-
sition appropriating money shall be considered,
except in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ohio.
The matters which are proposed by the Senate to
be stricken out of this bill have been considered
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. The additional section proposed by
the Senate does not provide for the appropriation
of money at ail.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] ap-
peals to the gentleman from Virginia to withdraw
the call for the previous question.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I desire to offer an
amendment to one of the amendments of the Sen-
ate. I do not wish to speak to it at all.
Mr. BURNETT. I object, as long as the call
for the previous question is pending.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I hope my amend-
ment may be rend.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the motion to lay
the bill upon the table, and hope the House will
Mr POSTER said: I would inquire what has ji vote down the previous question.
been the uiual custom in regard to this matter ? j Tellers were demanded upon the call tor Use
The SPEAKER. There has been no usage, i! previous question.
sitting members of their full pay, or otherwise the
payment to the persons named in the resolution.
The compensation bill does not take any notice
of the election of a member until he comes here
on the first day, or some other day of the session,
to be sworn in. If a member dies before he is
sworn in he is entitled to nothing;-his adminis-
trators are entitled to nothing; and when his suc-
cessor comes here and is sworn in, he draws pay
from the commencement of the term.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
resolution.
Mr. NIBLACK. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, in order that the resolution may be
introduced.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to give notice of an
amendment whith I will offer, if the rules be sus-
pended.
Mr. BURNETT. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays, and take the question first by tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennf ssee. This is the first
time an attempt has been made to violate the mem-
bers' compensation law, and I want to make a
record on it.
Mr. NIBLACK. If debate be in order, I want
to say a word.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object to
debate.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would like to have read a
resolution similar to this which was lately passed
by the Senate.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the amendment
which the gentleman from I ndiana [Mr. Hughes]
proposes to offer, if the rules be suspended, as
well as the resolution referred to by his colleague,
[Mr. Niblack,] will be read.
Mr. Niblack's resolution was again read:
The amendment which Mr. Hughes gave no-
tice that he would offer was read, as follows:
And to Daniei. W. Gooch, a member of this House from
the State of Massachusetts, eo mueli money as will make
the compensation of said Gooch equal to that of other
members of this House, less the compensation from the
tune of the meeting of the House, (to wit, the 7th day of
December, 1857,) to the tune when said Goocil was sworn
as a member of this House, (to wit, the day of Decem-
ber, 18-—,) said payments to be made at the times and in
the turns payable to other members of this Congress.
Mr. WARREN. I suppose this is a question
to suspend the rules. I propose to submit a sim-
ple remark before the vote is taken.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to, and debate
is not in order.
Mr. WARREN. I desire very much to call
the attention of the gentleman from Tennessee
to 
[Cries of "Order!" " Order!"]
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 67, nays 103; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Bennett, Billing-
linr-t, Bingham, lilair, Bliss, Brayton, Burhngame, (lamp-
bell, Ca-e, Chaffee. John 11. Clink, dawson. Coekenll, Col-
fax, Coinins, Corning, Covode, Curtis, Davis 01 Indiana,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dewart, Elliott, English,
Floience, Folev, Foster. Gillis, Goodwin, Granger, Cress,
Crow, Kobert B. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hughes, Kellogg,
Kilgore, I,each. Leidy, Mason, Niblack, Pettit, Peyton,
Phillips. l'ike, Pottle, Reillv, Royee, Russell.Savage, S.eott,
Aaron Shaw, Shorter, Sickles, Kobert Smith, William
Stewart, Walbridge, Walton, Ward, Warren, Ellihu II.
Washbitrne, Wilson, and Augustus R. Wngbt—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale. Bocock, fioniiam, ISianch, Bryan, llullinton, Burnett,
Caskie, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark, Clay,
Cllllgman, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cox, Cragin, Burton
Craige, Crawford, Curry, Damrell, Davis of Maryland, Da-
vis of Iowa, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Edmund-on,
Farnswoith, Fenton, Gartrell, Greenwood, Gioesbcck, Har-
lan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Huvler, Jackson, Jenkins,Jewett,George W.Jones,J.
Glaney jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kelsey, Knapp, Lamar, Leuer,
Letcher. Lovetov, MacUy. McQueen, Humphrey Marshall,
Muvnard, Miles,"Million, Moore, Morgan, Edward Joy Mor-
ris "Isaac N. Morris, Mott, Nichols, Parker, Phelps. Potter,
Purviance, Quitman, Ready, Reagan. Ritchie, Bobbins,
Rob-it-, liuffin, Snndidire, Scales, Searing, Seward, Henry
M Shaw, John Sherman,Singleton, William Smith, Spin-
net, Stanton, Stevenson, Talbot, Tappan, Miles Taylor,
Tuaver, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Watkins, White,
Whiteiey, Win.-low, Woitendyke, and Zoihcoflcr—104.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Pending the call,
