tub congressional globe.
February 16,
this-question settled, to make sure that there is a
chance to take all the testimony that is necessary
within that,time,and nothave the matter extended
pgain at the end of the ninety days, on account
of ihe failure to get all the testimony on one side
or the other.
Mr. GREEN, I hope that neither the Senators
sitting in thigChamber nor the Senators in Indiana
would be guilty of small things; but we know
that the issues presented represent some of them
^iS having done very small things. They may do
so again; and I want to keep them from having
the opportunity to repeat the small things, if they
ever did commit them heretofore. *We know that
serious charges are made against them. They
may or may not be correct. If you confine the
taking of evidence to one point or one locality, I
care not about the person before whom it may be
taken, so that he be an honest man; but if you
permit them to scatter all over the State and mul-
tiply different points at which it is to be taken,it
would be an exceeding hardship on the parties.
Mr. PUGH. I was inclined at first to agree to
the amendment; but I rather think my colleague ;
on the committee, the Senator from Missouri, is
right. I understand that there are four judges of j
the supreme court of Indiana, thirteen judges of i
the circuit courts, and there is a judge of the Uni-
ted States district court—eighteen peisons, any
one of whom is competent to take this testimony.
I would rather have it taken before the judge of a
superior court. I do notwantto get down before
county courts or justices of the peace. I would
rather have it taken before a man of some judicial
experience and ability; and therefore 1 shall be
compelled to vote against the amendment.
The amendment was rejected;.there being, on
$ division—ayes 16, noes 22.
The resolution as amended was agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, Thatin the case of the contested election of the
Hon, Graham N. Fitch and the Hon. Jesse D.'Uricut,
Senators returned and admitted to their seats, from the State
of Indiana, the sitting members, and all persons piotestmg
again.-t their election, or any of them, by themselves, or
their agents or attorneys, be permitted to take testimony on
the allegations of the piotestants and the. sitting members,
touching all matters of fact therein contained, belore any
judge of the diotiicL court ofcttie United States, or any judge
of ihe supreme or circuit com Is of the State of Indiana, by
liist giving ten days' notice of the tunc and placu of such
proceedings m some public gazette printed at Indianapolis :
JProvidei, That the pi oofs to be taken shall bereiurned to
the Senate of the United Slates within ninety days t'inm the
passage of tills i csoJution : Jind provided, That no testimony
shall betaken under this lesoiulion m iclation to the quali-
fication, election, oi return, of any member of the Indiana
Legislature.
ENROLLED RESOLUTION.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barci.ay, one of its clerks, announced
that the Speaker had signed a joint resolution
making an appropriation for the payment of ex-
penses of the investigating committees of the
House of Representatives; which was thereupon,
signed by the Vice President.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STUART. There was a report made by
the Committee on Printing this morning, that I
think might be disposed of, asking to be dis-
charged from the consideration of a resolution in
regard to the public printing. If the Senate will
take it up, I will propose to substitute the Regis-
ter of the Treasury, for the purpose of making
the inquiry and reporting the facts to the Senate,
and strike out that part of the resolution propos-
ing to report by bill. Of course ho cannot report
by bill; but we can get the facts ascertained and
reported to the Senate by the Register of the
Treasury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair consid-
ers it his duty to call the attention of the Senate to
a special order first; but it is subject to the control
of the body.
Mr. MALLORY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to withdraw that motion so that 1 may
move to take up the Army bill and have it made
the special order for one o'clock to-morrow?
Mr. SEWARD and Mr. STUART. It is now
the special order.
Mr. IVERSON. Is it the special order for to-
morrow ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a special order
for to-morrow at one o'clock; but itis superseded
by half a dozen other special orders.
Mr. IVERSON. I did not understand the re-
mark of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The remark of the
Chair is that the Army bill is the special order,
and can be called up at one o'clock to-morrow;
but at that hour there are other and older special
orders which will be called up by the Chair and
have precedence of it unless they be postponed.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to take up the Army
bill at present, with a view to leave it as unfin-
ished business for to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. That will not give it any pre-
cedence. If it has any effect it will be an injury,
because it will make it a younger order.
Mr. IVERSON.. We can take it up and let it
go over as the unfinished business.
Mr. STUART. In that view, I suppose the
motion I submitted would have precedence. I
submitted a,motion and the Chair interposed, and
announced that he would call up the special order.
The VICE PRESEDENT. With the leave of
the Senate, the Chair will state that the business
regularly to be called up now, is the motion of
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Dougi.as,] to
refer so much of the President's annual message
as relates to Kansas to the Committee on Territo-
ries, and now the Senate can determine whether
it will consider it or postpone it. The Chair calls
that up in the regular order of business.
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone it until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
DEPARTMENTAL PRINTING.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next special
order on the Calendar is 
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone all the
special orders until to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. Now I move to take up the
report of the Committee on Printing on the reso-
lution to which I referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Printing
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the resolution. I have no objection to
that.
The motion to discharge theCommittee on Print-
ing was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out " the Committee on Printing"
and inserting''- the Register of the Treasury,"
and also by striking out the words "and that they
report by bill or otherwise."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mi-. HUNTER. This is a small matter, but
it is against form. I never heard of a resolution
of inquiry directed to the Register of the Treas-
ury. It should be directed to the Secretary of the
Treasury and let him get the information. I move,
by general consent, that the alteration be made.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to that.
It was so modified.
The resolution, as modified and adopted, is as
follows:
Retained, That the Secretary of tiie Treasury be in-
structed to inqune and report to the Senate what amount
bus been paid, annually, during the. last five yean, to caeh
ot the punting establishments in the citvol Washington
for printing and advertising of any kind for the United States,
other than that Ordered by either House of Congress,
whether done by dueetion of any Department, 01- civil or
military officer theieof. Also, whethci the same has been
paid un#-r the provisions of the existing law, and whether
any amendment of existing laws is necessary m order to
secure proper economy in tile printing expenditures of the
Government.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
Mr. IVERSON. Imovethatthebilltoincrease
the military establishment of the United States be
taken up, not with a view of considering it now;
but the Senator from Virginia has an amendment,
and he desires to offer it. Let us take it up, and
then let it pass over until to-morrow as the un-
finished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will sug-
gest to the Senator to move to reconsider the vote
by which that special order was postponed to to-
morrow.
Ml-. IVERSON. I make that motion.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and,
On motion of Mr. Iverson, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 79) to increase the mil-
itary establishment; the pending question being
on Mr. Stuart's motion to strike out the fourth
section.
Mr. IVERSON. I was told that the Senator
from Michigan, who moved the pending amend-
ment to strike out the fourth section, would with-
draw that motion for the present, and let the Sen-
ator from Virginia offer his substitute, which
contains the same provisions, and he can after-
wards renew it, if he thinks proper.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to with-
drawing the amendment, with the consent of the.
Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe I shall then have to
get the consent of the Senator from Massachu-r
setts. I do not know whether he will waive his
substitute. 1 wish to offer an amendment as a
substitute for the bill. I give notice that I shall
offer a substitute for the bill, and I ask that it bs
printed.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That in addition to the military establishment of the
United States, theie shall be raised and organized under the
direction ot the president, one regiment of diagoons and
two legiments of mfantiy, each to be composed of the same
number and rank of commissioned and non-commissioned
officers, buglers, musicians, piivates, &c., as are provided
for a legitnent of dr.igouns and infantry respectively, under
existing laws; and who shall receive the same pay, lations
and allowances, according to then respective giades, and
be subject to the same regulations, and to the rules and
aiticlesof war: Provided, That it shall be lawful for tbo
President of the United States alone to appoint such of the
commissioned officers authorized by this act, below the
grade of field officers, as may not be appointed during the
present session.
Sec. 2. Jliul be it further enacted, That thf! said officers,
musicians, and privates, authorized by this act, shall imme-
diately be discharged fiom the service of the United States
at the expiration of two years fiom and after the passage of
this act.
Sec. 3. .3nd he it further enacted, That regular promotions
to vacancies occurnng m the grades of commissioned offi-
cers m the regiments hereby authorized and required to be
raised, shall be by legiments instead of fay arms of service,
as now regulated and provided m certain cases.
Mr. WILSON. I gave notice of an amendment
to strikeout all of the bill after the enacting clause,
and insert a substitute providingfor the raising of
volunteers, which will supersede this amendment,
I suppose. I should like to have a vote on that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no pend-
ing amendment, the Senator from Michigan having
withdrawn his motion.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Massachusetts
offered an amendment, or gave notice of one, I
think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state that the Senator from Massachu-
setts gave notice of an an endment in the nature
of a substitute.
Mr. HUNTER. I move this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from.
Massachusetts is recognized by the Chain.
Mr. WILSON. I move, if it be in ordernow,
to strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert this substitute.
Mr. HUNTER. Can I not move mine as an
amendment to his >
Mr. WILSON. My motion is to strike out and
insert.
Mr. HUNTER. I give notice that I shall move
this substitute, if the Senate should not agree to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts. I move that my amendment be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now offer my amendment to
strike out the whole of the bill after the enacting
clause, and insert:
That the President, for the purpose of enforcing the laws
of the United States, of maintaining peace with the Indian
tubes, and of piotectmg the citizens on the routes of emi-
gration in the Territory of Utah, and to be employed only in
said Temtory, be, arid he is hereby, authorized to call for
and accept the seiviees of any number of volunteers, not
exceeding in all five thousand ofiiceis and men, who may
offer their services, as infantry, to serve for twelve months,
unless they be soonei discharged, after they shall have ar-i
uved at the place of lendezvous, or been mustered into the
service of the United States; and that the sum ot dol-
lars he, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money m the Ticasuiy, not otherwise appropriated, (or the
purpose of carrying the provisions ot tills act into clfect.
Sec. 2. jlnd be it further enacted, That said volunteers,
when musteied into the seivice, shall be armed and equipped
at the expense of the United States, and until discharged -
therefrom be subject to the rules and articles of war; and
shall be organized in the same manner, and aha]] receive tiie
same pay and allowances as the infantry arm of the Army
of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it farther exacted, That the volunteers so
Offering their services shall be accepted by the President in
