1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Tellers wereordered;andMessrs. Harlan,and
"Wright of Georgia, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 91, noes 75.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put,
being first upon the amendment of the Senate to
strike out the following clause:
"To enable John C. Rives to pay to the reporters of the
House, for repoitm^r the debates of the present session of
Congress, the usual additional compensation of §800 eacli—
$4,000."
Mr. FLORENCE. If it be in order, I move to
non-concur in the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon agree-
ing to the amendment.
Mr. REAGAN demanded the yeas and nays,
but subsequently withdrew the demand.
Mr. HOUSTON renewed it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 67, nays HO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Amy, Baiksdale,
Bishop, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, B yan, Burnett, Ca^kie,
Ezra Claik, IJoiacc F. Claik, Clav, Cobb, Cox, Button
Craige. Ci.iwford, Ciinv, Edmundson, Elliott, Foley, Gar-
tiell, Gieenwood, Harlan, Houston, Hughes. Iluyler, Jack-
eon, Jenkins, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt,
Kelly, Lamar, Lawrence, Lcteher, Maelny, McQueen,
Ma;-on, Miles, Miller, Million, Moore, Motf, Pendleton,
duitman, Ready, Reagan, Reiliy. Iluflin, Sandidge, Sealcs,
lleniy M. Shaw, Shorter. Singleton, William Smith, Ste-
venson, Talbot, Miles Taj lor, Tompkins, Underwood,
Ward, Wmslow, Wortendyke, John V. Winjht, and Zolh-
cofler—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Andrew?, Ben-
nett, Billmghur^f, Blair, Bhss, Bouham, Biayton, Bufhn-
ton, Burhngame, Burn-*, Burroughs, Campbell, CaiulheM,
 Case, Chapman, John B. Clark,'dawson,Chnsrinan, Claik
B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Coekenll, Colia.x, Couuns.
Corning, Covode, Cragm, James Craie, Cuius, l)\t>irc!l',
Davidson, Davis of Mainland, Davis ot Indiana, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dnrfee. English,
Etibiis, Farnsworth, Fenton, Florence, Foster, Giddiugs,
Oilman, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gregsj, Groutbe^k,
Gjow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robot B. Flail, J. Mom-sun
Hairis, Thomas L. Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, Floaul, How
aid. Jcwett, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgoie, Knapp, Loach, Leidy,
Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall. Maynard, Morgan,
Edward Joy Mouis, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman II. Morse,
Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Njblack, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer,
Patker, Petut, Peyton, Phelps. Phillips, Pike, Pmtei,Pottle,
Put via nee, Ritchie, ltobbms, Roberts, Royce, Russell, Sew •
ard, Aaion Shaw, John Sherman, Jud'-on W. Sherman,
Robert Smith, Spinnei, Stanton, William Stewait.Tappan,
Thayei, Wade, Walhnd^p, Walton, Wnrrcn, "Rihhu B-
Was-hbuine, I-raol Washburn, White, Wilson, Woodson,
and Augustus R. Wnglit—111).
So the amendment was disagreed to..
The question recurred upon the second amend-
ment of the Senate, to strike out the third section
of the bill, as follows:
" Sec. 3. J3nd be tb further enacted, That the accounting
officer of the Treasury be authorized and directed to allow
credit to the Cieik of the House of Representatives lor such
p.t\ ments out of it<< contingent fund as have been, or may
be, niadf, under allowances aurhonzed by tiie House ot
Hi'pie-.enfative^ duniijg tin- la^t Congress : Provided, That
said allowances s-hall have boon duly approved by the Com-
mittee ot Accounts: Jindhcit jurlkci provided, That the
said allowances be paid our of any moneys in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 126; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Averv, Barkt>daIo, Bocock,
Bonham, Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Hoiace F. Claik. Clay.
Chngman, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockcull, Cox, Burton
Craige, Crawford,Cuny, Edmund^on, Elhott, Greenwood. :
Gregg. Harlan, Thomas L. Hams, Houston. Uuvler.Geoiffe :
W. Jones, Lamar. Lawience. Maclav, MeUueen, Mason,
Miller, Millsoii. Niblaek, Pendleton, Peyton. Quitman, :
Reagan, Reillv. Ruflin, Scales, Henry M. Shaw.'Joiin iSher ;
man. SmglHon, William Smith, Stanton. Stevenson, Tal j
hot. Miles Taylor. Tompkins. Uudeiwood, Ward, YVorion |
djkc, and John V. Wiiglit—5.5. I
YS—Messrs. Abbott. Adrain. Ahl. Andrews, Bennett, '
Bi'I  .yhurst, Bingham, Blau, B!i^, Biayton, Buftititon, ;
B.i mgame, Burns, Campbell, Caruthci?, Case, C'askie, '
( Chapman, Ezsa Claik, John B. Clark, Claw.son, \
Claik B Cochrano, Colfax, Comms, Corning, Covode, |
Cracm, James Craig, Danirell, Davidion, Davi& of Maiy- i
i-ind. Dave- of Indiana. Davi^ of Ma--r-aehu--c!f*. of !
Io>\<i. J)awe>. Dean, Dewart,Dick,])odd,Dowde'li,Duifee, J
T'n'jJi-h, FimiMvonh, Fenton, Florence, Foley, Foster, !
Gaitiell, G'idding-s, Gduian, Cuooh, Goodwin, Grangci.
Gioerbeek, Giow. Lawience W. Hall, Robert B. Hall. J.
Morrison Hants, Hawkins, iloard, Ilowaid, Jackson, Jen-
kins. Jcwctt, J. Glancv Jon«'s. Owen Jones. Kellogg, Kelly,
KehiPj, Kilcfoie. Knapp. Leach. Lcidy, Leiter, L^rehor,
Lovejoy, Mavnard, Mi'es, Morgan. Edward Joy Morris,
Fweinan H. Mor^Olivn A.Moi --f. Mist ray, Nicholf.Olm,
P.il.nei, Parkoi. Pctiii. Phelp-. Phillips. Piko, Pottei, Pottle,
Pu viance, Ready. Ritehic. Robbing Roheits., Royee, San
d!d{'\ S'!V !!to, Scott. Sealing Sewaid, Auion Shaw, Jud-
f-o'i'W. ir-Iu-i tu.iu, liobeif Smith. Spinner. StaHworth'. Wil
h:ini ^t.'Wjnt, T' pmn T'.t "i. Tnpp N W;iib<-idge,
\\ ahull,  '« art.i-LLuU i) j%r;ai Wu^lwuiii,
Watkins, White, Wilson, Woodson, Augustus R. Wright,
and ZoJhcoffer—196. •
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WHITELEY stated that he had paired off
upon this vote with Mr. Hughes.
Mr. MOORE stated that he was not within the
bar when his name was called, or he should have
voted "ay."
The question recurred upon the third amend-
ment of the Senate to add the following as an ad-
ditional section to the bill:
" Jlnd be it- further enacted, That whenever, hereafter,
contracts shall be made by the Secretary of War by virtue
of the sixth section of the act of 1820, chapter 5% he shall, if
Congress be in session at the time, promptly report to both
Houses theieof the reasons for makmg«ucb contract, stating
fully all the facts and cu curnstances which, in hn judgment,
rendered such contract necessaty. If Congiessbe not m
session at the time of making Mich contract, he s>hall,atthc
commencement of the next session, make such report to
both Houses. And no such contracts shall be made, here-
after, except in cases of pressing exigency.55
Mr. QJJITMAN. I desire to move to strike
out the last clause of that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man cannot be entertained, as the previous ques-
tion is operating upon the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LA WHENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes one hun-
dred and tnirty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to reconsider the
votes which have been taken on these several
propositions, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
Mr. mLLINGHURST. Let me appeal to the
gentleman ftom Virginia to let this amendment
also go to tiie committee of conference, if there js
to be one, so (hat the suggestion of the gentleman
from Mississippi may he carried out.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment of the Sen-
ate has been concurred in.
Mr. LILLINGHURST. You may call for a
division upon reconsidering the several amend
ments.
Mr. LETCHER. The vote was taken upon
the amendments separately, originally.
The .SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has the right to call foi separate votes upon
reconsidering and laying on the table the motions
to reconsider the votes upon the several amend-
ments.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the vote, then, upon
the first two.
Mr. HOWARD. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia did not vote in the majouty upon the first
amendment, and cannot make the motion to re-
consider.
Mr. PHELPS. Then f move that thevote non-
concurring in the first amendment be reconsidered,
and that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I now ask for the vote upon
the second.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the last amendment was con-
curred in, and move to lay that motion on the
table.
Mr. BILLING-HURST. I think the gentle-
man from Virginia should have no objection to
allowing the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Q,uitman] to offer his amendment.
Several Members objected to debate.
Mr. LETCHER. To hear what the gentle-
man fioui Wisconsin has to say, I withdraw the
motion to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. BILLINGHURST. In order to give the
gentleman fiom Mississippi an opportunity to
offer his amendment to the third amendment of
the Senate, i hope the House will reconsider the
vote concurring in it. Let tiie amendment be '
offered, and the whole matter go to the committee i
of conference. I
Mr. LETCHER. Is the amendment in a po- ]
sition where it can be amended? j
The SPEAKER. Not u.iless the House re- ;
consider the vot * concurring in the amendment. 1
_ Mr, BILLfNGHUiwr. 1 understand that if \
the Hous-j disagrees with fhe&erkde amendment, .
the whole subject wiil go to the committee pi con-
ference. " 1 -
Mr. LETCHER. I renew the motion to Jap
the motion to reconsider on the table. •
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I hope the Boustf
will vote down the motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to debate". - t.-i
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I demasd the yeas
and nays upon the motion. . * &
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was then laid on the
table.
RECESS IN COMMITTEE.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the consent
oftheHouse to introduce the following resolution':
Revolted, That during the present week, it shall be iu
order each day after to-day, for the Committee efthe Whole
to take a teccos until seven o'clock p. m., after which hour
genoial debate may be indulged in : Provided, That liovoro
shall he tak'm at such evening se=«ion."e\-cept on motions
that the committee use, and that the House adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES, f object.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended.
The rules were suspended, two thirds having
voted in favor thereof.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now call the pre-
vious question on the adoption of the resolution
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the- gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw the demand for the
previous question for a moment, to allow-me to
offer an amendment. I propose to move that ex-
cept during the evening sessions, the debate in
committee shall be confined to the subject under
consideiation.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I insist on my de-
maud for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. CLAY, (at fifteen minutes to four o'clock,
p. in.) I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. SICKLES demanded tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered;and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. On Saturday last
I consulted both sides of the House on this ques-
tion, and I ascertained that the general feeling
was in favor of these night sessions for general
debate, with the understanding that during the
day the debate in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union should be confined strictly
to the question pending, being the appropriation
bills, and so believing, I have presented the reso-
lution before the House. As there seems to be
considerable diversity of opinion on the subject
this morning I will withdraw the resolution. My
only object is that the regular and ordinary legis-
lative business of the session may be promptly
considered, and the House placed in condition fdr
the final adjournment on the 7th of June next,
which has been agreed to by concurrent vote of
the two Houses.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The same thing can be ac-
complished by agreement ©f the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to take a recess
with the understanding that the evening sessions
shall be devoted to general debate. Cannot the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I would inquire of the Chair, take a recess, wh4u
that was the desire, from three or four o'clock until
seven o'clock of the evening?
The SPEAKER. That depends entirely upon
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. Some chairmen have de-
cided one way and some another.
Mi. CLINGMAN. It has been frequently
decided a* I have indicated, and it will be so de-
cided, I think, again.
Mr. JOI-IN COCHRANE. Is itin order now to
withdraw the resolution?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the previous question having been ordered ic
is not competent for the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to withdraw the resolution without the leave
of the House.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the resolution le
laid upon the table. :
Mr. BURNETT, fat five minutes to foul-o'clock,
p. m.) I move that the House do now adjoin*".
The House divided; and there were—ayes
noes 10'J.
So th? House refused to adjourn
