1858.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
companies, battalion?, or regiments, and that each company
shall consist of thesame number of officers and men as now
prescribed by haw for the infantry arm of the Army. The
captain and lieutenants of the said companies shall be elect-
ed hv the company And commissioned by the President of
the United States; and the President shall apportion the
staff and held olficeis among" the States a ndTerutories from
winch the volunteers shall tender their services, a3 he may
deem pioper.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the volunteers
Who may be received into (he service of the United States
by vntue of tins act, and who shall be wounded or other-
wise di.-abied 111 the service, shall be entitled to all the ben-
efits which may be conferred upon peisons wounded ordis-
abted in the service of the United States.
Mr. PTJGII. I move to amend the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, by striking
out, in the fifth line, the words," the citizens on,"
and also by striking out the word " in" at the end
of that line, the whole of the sixth line and part
of the seventh line, and also to insert " to the Pa-
cific coast," so as to make it read :
"That the President, for the purpose of enforcing the
Jaws of the United States, of maintaining peace with the
Indian tribes, and of protecting the routes of emigration to
the Pacific coast, be, and lie is hereby, authorized," &c.
I understand that, if we increase the military
force of the United States, the President is, by the
Constitution, Commander-in-Chief, and we have
no right to require him to employ one particular
branch of force in one part of the country to the
exclusion of the other.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and aft^r some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, February 16, 3858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. H. M. Sites.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORT ON EMIGRATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the letter
of the Secretary of State, transmitting the annual
report on emigration; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
EMPLOYES OF INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Department of the in-
terior, transmitting an annual statement required
by act of 26th August, 1842, respecting the em-
ployes in said Department during the year ending
the 31st December, 1857; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
COLONEL CRABB'S EXPEDITION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report fiom the Secretary ofState,
with accompanying documents, in leply to the res-
olution of the House of the 18th ultimo, requesting
to be furnished with official information and cor-
respondence in relation to the execution of Colonel
Crabband his associates within, or near, the limits
of the Republic of Mexico;" which was laid upon
the tableland ordered to be printed.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BOYCE. i now call up the report from
the Committee of Elections, in the contested elec-
tion case of Brooks against Davis.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman from
South Carolina will yield for a monent, until I
can make a report from the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. BOYCE. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report to the House
a bill to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year, ending 30th of
June, 1858.
I take occasion to remark that after this bill has
been printed, and gentlemen have had an oppor-
tunity to look into it and into the accompanying
papers, I will, some time next week, move to take
the bill up for consideration in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. Thcreare
many items embraced which are of great import-
ance to the country, and it is necessary that they
should have speedy action.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the bill and ac-
companying papers be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS OF TEXA-S LEGISLATURE.
Mr. REAGAN. With the permission of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] I
wish to introduce the jointresolutiousof theState
of Texas, in regard to Indian spoliations.
No objection being made, the joint resolutions
were received, referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and ordered to he printed.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. By the consent of
the House, and the permission of the gentleman
from South Carolina, who has the floor, I wish to
report back from the Committee of Ways and
Means the following papers, and move that the
committee be discharged from th&further consid-
eration of the same, and that they be referred to
the Committee of Claims:
The memorial of Riggs & Co., praying for the
reimbursement of money advanced to the public
receiver of lands, at Benicia, California, under
advice of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office;
The petition of John M. Newcomb, for addi-
tional compensation for services in taking the last
census of the United States; and
The memorial of Charles Knap, relative to con-
tracts with the Secretary of the Treasury to fur-
nish iron castings, &c., for custom-house at New
Orleans.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a joint
resolution, making an appropriation for the pay-
ment of expenses of investigating committees of
the House of Representatives, when the Speaker
signed the same.
MARYLAND CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DEAN. What is the regular order of
business?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina is upon the floor upon the contested-
election case from the fourth congressional dis-
trict of Maryland.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Was that not the
regular order of business for yesterday?
The SPEAKER. It was; but it is a question
of privilege, and can be called up at any time.
Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Speaker, the facts are so
fully set forth in the reports from the committee,
that a very brief reference to them is deemed suf-
ficient at this time.
At the election which took place in the city of
Baltimore, on the 4th of November, 1857, the sit-
ting member, Mr. Henry Winter Davis, and the
contestant, Mr. Henry P. Brooks, were opposing:
candidates for Congress. The majority of votes
appeared to have been given for Mr. Davis, who
received the certificate of election; hutMr. Brooks,
shortly after the election, gave notice of contest,
as pointed out in the act of 1851. Before anyevi-
dence had been taken in the case, Mr. Brooks
memorialized this House to investigate the case
by one of its committees. The ground of con-
test was, in general terms, that the election had
been carried by fraud and violence. The memo-
rial of Mr. Brooks was referred to the Committee
of Elections. The Committee of Elections were
divided in opinion as to the recommendation they
should make to the House. Five of the commit-
tee thought the House should not grant the prayer
of the memorial; four of the committee thought
the House should. The question is now before
the House for its decision.
I suppose there is no difference of opinion as to
the law of the case. By the Constitution, the
House is made the "judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members." This
power being granted by the Constitution is above
all law, and cannot be taken away or impaired by
any law. But as a means of preparing cases or
contested elections for the decision of the House
by cnablingthe parties concerned to take their tes-
timony m advance, it is entirely competent for
Congress to pass a general law upon the subject.
Accordingly, this is what Congress has done by
the act of 1851, which is what'its title indicates,
"An act to prescribe the mode of obtaining evi-
dence in cases of contested elections." By this
act, effectual.provision is made for thfc taking of
testimony. There is no doubt, then, as to tbe
power of the House to proceed, independently of
the act of 1851, in this case. If the House thinks
proper, it can, through a committee, or by acorn-
mission, take the testimony in this case. The
only question is as to the expediency of so doing.
The question for the House is not as to its power;
that is conceded; the question is to the propriety
of the exercise of that power m this particular
case. I am decidedly of opinion that the House
should not interfere in the matter, but let the par-
ties concerned prosecute the case under the aot
of 1851.
The first time that my attention was closely
called to this subject, was at the beginning of the
last Congress, in the contest between Whitfield
and Reeder. At that, we on this side of thfe House
objected very strenuously to going outside of tire
act of 1851, insisting that that law should be fol-
lowed, and the evidence taken under that law,
and in no other way. We were overruled, and &
committee was sent to Kansas to take testimony.
The experience I had at that time rendered me
extremely unwilling to depart from that law, and
under no circumstances but those of an impera-
tive necessity. I shall not quote from my own
speech upon that occasion, but I wiil cite some
passages from the speech of the distinguished gen-
tleman from Georgia, made at that time, as illus-
trative of the light in which the question of going
outside of the law of 1851 was then regarded on
this side of the House.
Mr. Stephens said:
" These [the questions involved in the proposition to send
tor peisons and pape is in the Kansascont^sted election] are
giavc auestionn. They a«e questions of a judicial as well
a> a pi'htical chaiaetet, of the highest older. In deciding
them, \vc sit not a^ legiMatois. but as judge?. Oui decision
upon this resolution, whatever it maybe, will be an import-
ant pieccdont in the future history of the country. We
bhould, thercloio, not act without due dolibsiation, careful
reflection, and u full understanding of the principles-' in-
volved ; and we should ah o he snipped, as far a4; possible,
of all paity bia<, and all political pir-judiee. I do not deny
the powei (to send for pei«0!)-3 and papers) in a piopet ea^e,
though no instance of itsexeicise has occmred smcc the
act of Congress of 1851, regulating the mode of taking tes-
timony m case< of contests ior seashore; and no case need
ever occur, as far as I can see, so long a& that law remains
on the statute-book. Its piovwions are full and ample."
This being an application to go beyond the.
law of 1851—the general law upon the subject—
the onus is upon those who favor the extraordi-
nary action on the part of the House to show the
necessity for this course. They have felt the
force of this, and have attempted to do so, (t is
urged accordingly, by the minority of tin- Com-
mittee of Elections, that Mr. Brooks is nor em*
braced m the act of 1851. Why is he not em-
braced? Because it is said that he does not claim
the seat himself. But the act of 1851 is not con-
fined merely to those who claim the seats; its
language is very comprehensive; it says, "when-
ever any person shall intend to contest an elec-
tion." Now, Mr. Brooks is certainly embraced
in this comprehensive term, " any person," and
he does " intend to contest an election." To
i( con test an election" it is not necessary that one
should also claim the seat. To " contest," John-
son says, means " to dispute, to controvert, to
litigate, to call in question." That is exactly
what Mr. Brooks is doing; he is " disputing,
controverting, litigating, calling in question,"Mr.
Davis's right to a seat, it is true we generally
associate the idea of claiming a seat with the fact
of one's being a contestant; but it is only an ac-
cidental, not a necessary connexion. The mo-
ment we analyze the idea of " contesting an elec-
tion," we see that it does not at all necessarily
imply any claim for a seat. The fact, therefore,
that Mr. "Brooks does not claim the seat, does not
put his case outside of the act of 1851. To insist
that no one is embraced within the act of 1851
but one who claims a seat, is to narrow the scope
of that act very much indeed. The objcct of the
act of 1851 is to facilitate the procedure in con-
tested elections. To limit the benefits of the act
merely to those persons claiming seats, would be
to narrow its sphere of usefulness.
Previous to the act of 1851, there was no mode
of taking testimony until after the new Congress
had met, and,upon memorial, authorized the same
to be done. The result was, that the sitting mem-
ber, if illegally elected, could seldom be~ousted
before the end of the long session. The evil from
this source was so great that, when the act of 1851
