1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2835
Mr. CLINGMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. BROWN, Before the vote is taken, I de-
sire to state that I have paired off with the Sena-
tor from Delaware, Mr. Bayard. I should vote
for the amendment if I were at liberty to do so.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to say that I have paired
off, for the time being, with the Senator from
Louisiana, Mr. Slidell.
Mr. PUGH. I have paired off with the Sena-
tor from Georgia., Mr. Iverson, oh this question.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have paired off with the Sen-
ator from Lo",c-'-ina, Mr. Benjamin.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. I have paired off with
the Senator from Maine, Mr. Hamlin. He
would vote against, and I for, the amendment, I
have been requested also to state, by the Senator
from Arkansas, Mr. Johnson, and the Senator
from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cameron, that they have
paired off, and are engaged in committee business.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 11,
nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—iVIessis. Clay, Clmgman, Hammond, Houston,
Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, MaIloi>, Mason, Poik, iteid,
and Yulee— 11.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bial^r, Brmht, Brorlcnck,
Ohandlct, Colhuncr, Crittenden, Davb, Dixon. Doohttlo,
Foster, Gwm, Hale. Ha\ ne, Jones, Kennedy. King, Scarce,
Seward, Simmons, Stuait, Tiunibull, Wade, Wihon, and
Wright—23
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred on the first amendment
of the Finance Committee, which was to strike
out the following clause:
" For transportation of the mails from New York to Liv-
eipool, and back, §346.500; and it is heiehy piovided that
there be paid to the I'ost Office Derailment out o( said ap-
propnation such Minis <is niaj be requued to procure the
transportation of the mails fiom New Yoik to Liverpool,
and back, on Mich days as the Collins line may tail to take
them from New Yoik;"'
and in lieu thereof insert:
For transpoitation of the mails from New Yoik to Liver-
pool, arid back, m put-nance of the contract with J3. K.
Collin? and others £-346,5(0 ; and it is lierebv provided that
for such days as the said Collins and other-? shall fail to per-
form said service, the Postmaster Genera! is authonzed to
contiact with the ownoi oi owners of any other steam ves-
sel or vessels to perfoim said service by transpoi titi£ the
mails from such poit in the United States lo such poitiri
Gieat Biitain as he may bdect, and pay therefor dsum equal
to the amount ot ocean and inland po-tage received by the
United State- ; and the Postma-stei Gi-neiiii may, witn the ,
consent oi the contiactots, change the European termina-
tion of said route, under the contract aloreisaid, noin Liver-
poo! to Southampton.
Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays,
and they wore ordered.
Mr. YULEE. I should like to move an amend-
ment, if the Finance Committee will accept it, to J
provide that the line shall be changed from Liv- |
erpool " to Southampton and Bremen or Havre, !
as the Postmaster General may prefer." j
Mr. GWIN. I hope not. The committee can- ;
not accept it. j
Mr. YULEE. I offer it. j
Mr. KING. I vMed against the amendment of i
the Senator from Virginia.as I shall vote against :
this, and I will vote for the proposition as it came I
from the Committee on Finance, understanding, :
as 1 do understand, that the policy is to be now
inaugurated of terminating these allowances to |
ocean steamers beyond the amount of postages re- 1
ceived by them, with the expiration of the present
contract. I have always opposed these allow-
ances; 1 opposed them in the pther House, when j
the bijls passed which authorized the contracts, j
I am willing, and I deem that it is proper and .
right, to permit the contracts which have been
entered into to expire by their own limitation, ■
rather than to interfere with them. 1
Mr. YULEE. I will withhold my amendment ,
until a further stage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question ■
is on the amendment of the committee. ;
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to offer an amendment to i
the last sentence in the amendment now pending, j
I move to strike it out. It reads: * j
i; And the Postmaster Geneial ma\, with the consent of •
the coiitraciois. ohaii'ie ihe Einopenn t°itnination of said !
iuiite.un<hji the conti^ciuforesaid,lrom Liverpool to South-
ampton.''' i
Mr. SEWARD. It, is only another form of
making the same proposition which has just been
vof<->d down. |
The amendment to the amendment was rejected,
and the question recurred on the amendment of
the Committee on Finance. i
Mr. BROWN. I should vote against the amend-
ment if I had not paired off with the Senator from
Delaware, Mr. Bayard.
Mr. FOOT. I should vote for the amendment
1 but for the fact that I have paired off with the
1 Senator from Louisiana, Mr. Slidell.
i Mr. PUGH. I have paired off with the Senator
| from Georgia, Mr. Iverson, otherwise I should
i vote in the negative.
! The question being taken by yeas and nays,
| resulted—yeas 28, nays 13; as follows:
I YEAS—-Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bigier, Bught, Broderick,
| Chandler, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Fe&sen-
j den, Fitch, Foster, Gwm, Hale. Hammond, Johnson of
I Tennessee, J one-?, King, Peaice. Seward. Simmon-!, Stuart,
i Trumbull. Wade, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—28.
| NAYS—Messrs. Clay, Chngman. Davn-, Douglas, Hous-
, ton, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas. Kennedy, Maliory, Ma-
son, Polk, Keid, and Sebastian—J3.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was, in the clause,<{ For transportation of
the mails from New York, by Southampton or
Cowes,to Bremen, and from New York, by South-
ampton or Cowes, to Havre, ^230,000, * * to strike
out " ^230,000," and insert:
The amount of postages, ocean and inland, received by
the United States m the mails, in and out, hy the vessels
emplojed in such service.
Mr. SEWARD. I have serious apprehensions
that the effect of this amendment will be to hazard
the policy of sustaining an ocean steam marine,
and I want to have an opportunity to record my
vote against it. I do not know what the temper of
the Senate may be. I wish to say, however, that
I am opposed to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I wilt explain the amend-
ment. The proposition in the bill is to renew the
two contracts to Havre and Bremen, which ex-
pired on the 1st of June. They propose to give
them in one clause £230,000; and then they pro-
pose to add, " for contingencies in the mail ser-
vice between New York and Europe, $120,0^0."
The Postmaster General, by adding that sum for
contingencies to the other, would be enabled to
give them the sum which they received under the
old contract which has expired. The object of
the clause in the bill is to allow the Postmaster
General, if he chooses, to give them as much as
was given under the old contract, whilst it pro-
vides that they shall have certainly $230,000,
which is what has been received heretofore from
postages on these routes. The Committee on Fi-
nance, as 1 said before, desired to introduce asys-
tem by which they were to run for the postages
alone, and, in order to accomplish that purpose,
they move to strike out these words, <c $230,000,"
and to insert, t{ the amount of postages, ocean and
inland,''and then they strike out the other item,
which appropiiates '<,120,000 for contingencies in
mail service between New York and Europe. The
item was designed to be used by the Postmaster
General, if ho desired to add to the other, that he
might give them the sum they have heretofore
received.
For myself, I never have voted for one of these
contracts which is designed to give to lines of
ocean steamers more than they earn by the post-
ages, bccaifc I believed it was a system capable j
of being extended into the greatest abuses, and 1
one-which operated unequally and unjustly. I !
have, therefore, never voted for one of these lines, !
and for that reason i cannot vote for this propo- |
sition here to renew this system, so far as these ]
two lines are concerned; and yet I will say, that |
if we look to the fidelity with which their con- 1
tracts have been performed, they are far more
deserving the consideration of Congress than the
Collins line.
Mr. COLLAMER. The proposition before us !
is a difference of opinion between the Postmaster ,
General, as I understand it, and the Finance Com- >
mittee. The bill, as sent to us from the House of
Representatives, is a manifestation of the view of ;
the head of the Department in this respect. It is '
what the Postmaster General desires. The bill ,
was made agreeable to his wish in tins regard. It 1
is not a matter of course that this is a revival of ;
those two lines. The Bremen line was setup in 1
the manner I have heretofore stated, and performed
the semens at $200,000 a year. The line to South- ,
amptonand Havie was for £150,000a year. That
made, for the two lines, $350,000 a year. The :
contracts have both runout—the Bremen line one ,
year ago; and that service has been given to Van-
derbilt, to run in the manner I have stated, and
their steamboats lie up doing nothing1. The other
line has run at a loss fof the postage. The Post-
master General says: ** 1 do not know but I may
be enabled to get the service upon these two lines
performed for a year to come for the postage,
which postage would be about $230,000 for the
two; I have had a contract with Livingston &
Co. to run to Havre for the postage; and they
have run. Here I have had one.with Mr. Van-
derbilt, and he is running, but he has not run all
the time. But I am not sure that { can get this
service for the $230,000; I jiave no doubt I can get
this contract done in the faithful manner it has
been done heretofore for the $350,000." To en-
able him to try this experiment, and see whether
he can get the service done for the postage; and,
if not, to enable him to have it done for the old
contract price, this proposition in the bill was in-
serted. It first provides:
" For transportation of the mails from New York, by
Southampton or Cowes, to Bremen, and from New Yoik,
by Southampton or Covves, to Havre, $230,000."
That is an amount equal to the postage, and if
he can, he will get the service done for that sum;
but inasmuch as it is uncertain whether he can
succeed in that, he proposes to have this provision
putin:
" For contingencies in the mail service between New
York and Liverpool, $120,000."
That will make the whole sum $350,000. That
does enable the head of the Department to effect
the service by the postage if he can, and if not,
for the old contract price. The Finance Commit-
tee propose to strike that out, and provide that he
shall get it done for the postage, or not at all. My
opinion is that this amendment should not be
agreed to. This appropriation is only for one
year.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron. Clark, Clay, Clinginan, Fes-
senden, Fitch, Gwm, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Johnson
of Arkan^a*. Joln^on ot Tennessee, Jones, King, Maliory,
Pearce, Real, Sebastian, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and
Yulee—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bigier, Bright, Broderick,
Chandlei, Collamer, Crittenden, Davis, Divon, Doohttle,
Fo-ter., Hale, Kennedy,Mason, Seward,Stuart,Thompson
of Kentucky, and Wiight—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out the clause:
"For contingencies in the mail service between New
York and Liverpool, $120,000."
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to amend that
amendment, by adding this proviso:
jivdprovided, That all mail loutes in the United States that
do not pay postage adequate to support them shall cease.
That is what the effect of this provision is on
the ocean service.
| Some gentlemen have asked foran explanation
about the §120,000 item, and I will endeavor to
explain it. The Postmaster General asked, and
the House of Representatives passed a bill to
give him $230,000, which is about the amount of
j the postages for the Bremen and Havre lines; but
j inasmuch as he might not perhaps be able to get
the service done for that amount of money, he
proposed that they should allow him $120,000
. additional for contingencies, to enable him to
i have it if ho could not get it done for the post-
: ages. The Finance Committee have reported to
I strike out both the ^230,000 and the $120,000,
! and to substitute in lieu of them a provision that
the service shall be done for the inland and ocean
postages on the routes. Of course, as the Post-
master General is now limited, by the amend-
ment that has been adopted, to the postages, this
. P.120,000 can do him no good.
Mr. MASON. Can he not use it?
i Mr. COLLAMER,. No. He wanted it for
: these two routes, but the amendment which has
been adopted is, that he shall have the service
I performed for the postages. He cannot give any
' more than the postages, and of course the§120,000
will now be of no use to him.
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senator from Ver-
mont is about half right this time, or a little more.
, We have already adopted an amendment to this
bill by which the Collins line is allowed to run its
' steamers to Southampton, under a contract which
; contains a very large gratuity. Now, ifyou con-
: fine these two other lines to the amount of their
