726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
was before the House for consideration, the then
existing system of contesting elections was pro-
nounced in the debate an unmitigated " humbug*,"
and the necessity for a general iaw upon the sub-
ject was felt to be so great that the bill was passed
without being referred to the Committee of the
"Whole. The purview of that act was to give
those who might contest elections a more effectual
and speedy mode of taking testimony, and pro-
paring the case for the consideration of the House.
To hold that persons contesting in the position of
Mr. Brooks could not avail themselves of its pro-
visions, would be, in my opinion, an act of great
injustice to such persons. It is the privilege of
Mr. Brooks, and such contestants as occupy the
position he does, to have the benefit of the act of
1851. To hold that they are not included in the
act of 1851, is to deprive them of great advant-
ages, which I cannot consent to do.
It is further urged that if Mr. Brooks is em-
braced in the act of 1851, yet the special circum-
stances of this case should exempt him from its
provisions.
Let us see what those circumstances are:
1. The extent of the illegality of the election;
the great extent of the'fraud, violence, and intim-
idation used to prevent a fair election. And in
this connection the message and acts of the lute
Governor of Maryland are cited, and the corre-
spondence between him and the Mayor of Balti-
more. Admit these allegations in their full ex-
tent, and what follows ? Why, that the case is so
plain that it can easily be made out by evidence.
Instead of furnishing any reason for the special
interposition of the House, there is more reason
to leave Mr. Brooks to make out the case, as it
can be done so readily. So much upon this point.
2. It is said the expense of examining; so many
witnesses as may have to be examined to develop
the illegality of the election should not be thrown
upon Mr. brooks. This is an argument against
tne entire policy of the act of 1851. Congress, by
the act of 1851, expressed their opinion emphat-
ically that the persons litigating seats, like liti-
gants generally, should pay their own expenses.
That system seems to have worked well, and I see
no reason to depart from it. If we relieve Mr.
Brooks from this expense, all other contestants
hereafter will feci authorized to apply for the same
exemption. We will thus be setting a precedent,
which may be very much abused hereafter. It
; will always be a matter to be determined by the
majority of this House; and I would submit, is
there not danger that, in the fierce strife of par-
ties, the voice of justice may not always be heard
upon this floor? But it is said this*is not merely
the contest of Mr. Brooks; it should rather be con-
sidered as the remonstrance of many citizens of
Baltimore; as twenty-eight citizens sustain Mr.
Brooks's memorial with an affidavit. If this be so,
then there is less necessity forthe House to incur
the expense; fur these twenty-eight citizens can
share the expense with Mr. Brooks. I think, my-
self, the great body of citizens, whose banner Mr.
Brooks bore in the election, should sec, in a matter
so closely affecting their interests, that, the ex-
pense did not fall alone on Mr. Brooks.
3. It is said the testimony cannot be taken in
Baltimore, owing to the lawless condition of af-
fairs there. Mr. Whyte, who contests the seat
of Mr. Harris, from Baltimore, on the same
ground that Mr. Brooks contests the seat of Mr.
Davis, likewise memorialized this House to take
testimony for him on the same ground of appre-
hended lawlessness in Baltimore. But upon the
Committee of Elections deciding against his ap-
plication, he went on, and is taking his testimony
without any difficulty. Tins fact is conclusive
upon this point. If Mr. Whyte can take his tes-
timony in Baltimore, why cannot Mr. Brooks do
the same?
In conclusion, I see no reason why Mr. Brooks
should be exempted from pursuing the directions
of the act of 1851. Let him make the effort to
do so; if he fails, then the House will go to his
lelief.
There is an old fable, which has a great deal of
wisdom in it, like most of the old fables. A wag-
oner found his wagon in a tight place; whereupon
lie began to pray to Jupiter to help him out of his
difficulty. Jupitercalmlyreplied: "Putyourown
shoulders to the wheel; and, if you fail, then will
be time enough to call upon me." I think this
House may very well imitate the prudence of the
great Jove. Let Mr. Brooks put his shoulder to
the wheel; and, if he fails, then let him call upoa
us, and we will then go to the rescue.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would gladly, Mr. Speaker,
have acquiesced in the report of the majority of
the Committee of Election's if I could have done so.
But it has been my duty to present to the House
aquestion, which, if sustained bytheHouse, will
impose on that committee no ordinary labor. The
importance of the question is derived mainly from
its value as a precedent, for it cannot be said that
in this case it will affect in any manner the final
result. The minority of the committee have come
to the conclusion that they have presented with
some regret. They have done so under a con-
viction of duty, and in recognition of the great
doctrine enunciated by thegentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] that principles were dearer
than party clain\s; and it is a question of import-
ance to this House as a precedent, becausc, as has
been well said by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, though it maybe brought to-day to affect
one side, it may just as well to-morrow affecttne
other side.
It is requisite to consider how this case is pre-
sented, and then to see what is the question
raised, with a view to the action of the House.
It is amon^ the remarkable things in this case,
that there is no imputation of motives, nor any
insinuations of being governed by partisan preju-
dices or partialities. To the sitting member it
does not make a particle of difference. His com-
fort would be better promoted by an investigation
made in the mode proposed by the minority of
the committee; but itis of the highest importance
that this House should retain in its own hands
the power given to it by the Constitution; it is of
the highest importance for this House, now that
the question is presented for the first time under
the act of 1851, to establish a precedent that may
be safe in all future cases.
The case is thus presented: a memorial was
presented to this House in the early part of the
session, setting forth that the honorable gentle-
man from the fourth congressional district of Ma-
ryland was not entitled to his seat. The memo-
rialist did not assert any claim upon his part to
the seat. He alleged that the election was invalid;
that, in pursuance of combinations formed before
the election, there was tumult, there was violence,
there was fraud; or that there was that use of force
which is recognized as equivalent to fraud; and
that they were such as to prevent an election.
The memorialist asks this House m order an in-
vestigation, in such manner as the House may see
fit, to ascertain whether there has been a proper
election or not.
The minority of this committee, Mr. Speaker,
consider that there has been no law passed which
provides for this ease. This subject of contested
elections has been frequently before the Congress
of the nation, and on every occasion in which the
question has been presented the constitutionality
of the law on the subject has been denied. I have
taken occasion to look into the matter,and i find,
as early as the Fifth Congress, there was an at-
tempt to introduce a iaw similar to that passed m
1851, but it failed when the attempt was firstmade.
Subsequently a law was passed in 1801, but it was
limited in its existence, and was suffered to expire
m 1605. Attempts were made to enact similar
laws in 1806, in 1810, and in 1820;and on alt those
occasions the power of Congress to regulate the
mode of taking proof in inquiries into the validity
of elections was denied by a majority of the body.
In 1851 this law was passed. The minority of
the committee have presented their views upon
this law, as a salutary law. They consider that
the existence of this law does not 'at ail conflict
with the Constitution; that it is a wise law; that it
establishes wholesome regulations by which testi-
mony may be taken, m case of contested elections;
but they most emphatically deny that there is
any power in this law, or that there is power in
any law the Congress of this nation can pass, to
restrict either the House of Representatives or the
Senate from inquiring into the election, qualifica-
tions and-returns of its own members. The Con-
stitution prevents it. It says that " each House
shall be the judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its own members." Each House,
the minority claim, has the right to judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members, just as each House may, by a grant of
power in similar language, determine the rules of
its own proceedings; and that an attempt upon
the part of a prior Congress, or an attempt upon
the part of a coordinate branch to restrain and
restrict this House from looking into the returns
and election of its own members, would be as
futile and vain as similar attempts would be to
regulate the rules of proceedings of this House.
The minority, then, of the committee, entertain
the opinion that there is no power to give to this
law such an application as is attempted to be
given to it by the majority. They have consid-
ered two questions: first, whether, supposing the
law to be as stated, this is a case af'all embraced
within its provisions? and second, if it may be
embraced within its provisions, whether, under
the view taken of it, as to its constitutionality,,
this is not exactly the case in which another mode
of procedure may be adopted ?
As to the first, Mr. Speaker, I apprehend that
the framers of this law, if any of them were now
here, would have no hesitation in proclaiming to
this body that the law was framed to regulate a
personal contest between two claimants for a seat.
No man can read that law without seeing that it
applies exclusively to such a case. It cannot bo
pretended—and the gentleman from South Caro-
lina will hardly urge here—that in the case of a
popular remonstrance against an election, the pro-
visions of this law can be closely applied. It only
needs a reference to it to see that it was intended to
apply only to the cases that ordinarily occur, and
not to the case of a popular remonstrance against
the validity of an election, or to a casff where
frauds were discovered subsequently to the thirty
days allowed for a notice of contest. If the doc-
trine contended for by the majority of the Commit-
tee of Elections be sound,then this House would
exhibit to the nation the lamentable spectacle of
being unable to examine into the returns of a mem-
ber where unmistakable evidence of fraud and
error is discovered after the thirty days allowed
by the law. The language of the law is peculiar.
It says that when any person intends to contest
an election, he shall give notice; that when any per-
son intends to examine witnesses, he shall give
notice of his intention to do so; that when witnesses
are being examined, the two parties, with their
agents, may attend. And will any gentleman con-
tend here that this right, thus given by law to an
individual, should be denied to the body, to the
people, to the constituents ? And yet the argument
used by the gentleman from South Carolina would
deny to the people ofa district the right to contest
elections in any manner whatever. The minority
of the Committee of Elections have felt themselves
called upon to present this view. They think that
that law is within the Constitution, if applied
within the limits of the Constitution; but that, if
no examination is to be allowed to take place out-
side of the law, then it is a violation of the Con-
stitution.
The objection of thegentleman from South Car-
olina astonished me. Had it come from any other
quarter I should nothave been so much surprised.
But, taught as we are, that the Constitution is the
text-book in South Carolina—the book first read
in the morning, and placed under the pillow at
night, I was a little astonished to hear the gen-
tleman proclaim here—for the doctrine must go
to that extent—that the law of 1851 restrains the
power given by the Constitution to both Houses
of Congress. I had always been taught to believe
that Congress couid pass no law, its power for
the enactment of which is not found in the Con-
stitution. So far as the law confers jurisdiction
on magistrates to take testimony, it is within the
scope of the Constitution; but I deny thatit takes
from our hands the power to examine into elec-
tions in "any manner the House may think proper.
Assuming, then, Mr. Speaker, that this law is
only what 1 have said, and that, by the language
of the act of 1851, the contestant and the returned
member are on an equal footing—the law speak-
ing of his intentions, his notice, his conduct, and
hia witnesses, I put it to the judgment of the House
whether this law was not made to regulate a con-
test between two members—a personal contest for
a seat? But, Mr. Speaker, I go further. _ I say
that, if even this case may be proceeded with un-
der the law, that does not preclude the House from
proceeding with it in any other way. And I ask
this House whether this is not a case for proceed-
ing in another way?
