Wit
April
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the resolution cm the table.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes
twenty-six. i f
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers on the yeas
and naysu . .
t^Tellers ."were ordered; and Messrs. Olin and
Hawkins were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers report-
ed— ayes 28, Does
So the yeas and nays were ordered; one fifth
of those present'h'aving voted in the affirmative.
Mr, BARKSDALE moved (at four o'clock)
4hat the House adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, ot' Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw that motion until I can offer a
resolution, and then I will renew it.
The SPEAKER. The House is already acting
under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would inquire of the
Chair whether, if the House adjourn now, this
resolution will not be the first business in the
-morning ? .
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will; the
previous question having been ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
radjourn; and it was decided m the negative, there
being, on a division—ayes 71, noes 92.
. The question recurring on the motion to lay the
resolution on the table, it was taken, and decided
in the negative—yeas 49, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Bo<tock,'Biyun, Burnett, Burns, Caskie, John B Clark,
Clay, Clinguion, Cobb, Burton Craige, Curry, Davis of In-
diana, Dowdeil,Edtmmdson, Florence, Foley, Gregg, Haw-
kins, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, J.GJancy Jones, Owen
Jones,Ijamar, Millson, Niblack, Pendleton, Phillips, Rea-
fin,Ruffin, Savage, Scales, Scott, Ileory RI. Shaw, Sickles,
itiglcton, William Smith, StalUvorth, Stevenson, Miles
•Taylor, White, White-ley, Winslow, Woodson, and Zolh-
coner—49.
NAYS—Measis. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst,
Bingham, Blit*, Biaytofl, Buffinton, Burhngamc, But-
jroughs, Campbell, (Jasp, Chaffen,, Kzia Claik, Hoi ace F.
Clark, dawson, John Cochrane,'CoHax. Couuns, <Jormn«r,
Covoue, Cra m. James Craig, Curtis, David of Mainland,
: Davis of Ma^iebuaotts, Davis ot Iowa, Dawes, Doan, Dick,
Dodd, Durlce, Farnaworth, Fenton, Foster, Giddmsjs, Gil-
nian, Goocj), Goodwin, Grantor, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Hants, Ha.-km,
Hctard, Howard, K«lly, Keiaey, Ifilgote, Knapp, Lnach, lipi-
ter, Lovejoy, Maolay, Humphrey Maishall, Morgan, Ed-
, ward Joy Morns, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman II. Moise, Oli-
ver A. Morse,Mott, Murray, Nichols, Ohn, Palmer, Patkor,
' Pettit, Peyton, Pike, Pottei, Kobbins, Roberts, Rovce, San-
didge, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Jud^on W. rthoiman,
>Sobert Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Talbot,
.Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Undeiwood, Wade, Wal-
Widge, Walton, Waul, Elhhu B. Washburae, Israel Wa h-
' "burn, and Wilson—95.
. So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
• Pending the call,
Mr. J. GLANCY JCWES said: Having pro-
posed to withdraw my resolution, 1 vote in the
rmative.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to apiivileged mo-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered upon this resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And 1 move to lay the mo-
. tion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. SAVAGE moved (at four o'clock and
twenty minutes) that the House adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays, and tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused; and the yeas and nays
were refused.
Mr. CLAY. Is a motion for a call of the House
in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. Why ?
The SPEAKER. It is expressly provided by
the rule that when the previous question has been
seconded, no call of the House shall be in order.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ, and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
' The question recurred oil the motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is it in order to
move that the House adjourn until seven o'clock
this evening?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BURNETT. Isit in order to move to lay
the resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. CAMPBELL I desire to know whether
the gentleman who moved to reconsider the vote
by which the previous question was seconded,
voted with the majority?
The SPEAKER. The practice is to allow any
gentleman to move to reconsider, where no record
is made of the vote.
. Mr. FLORENCE. I suppose I did not; but
that has nothing to do with this matter, according
to the practice of the House. [Cries of "Order!"]
Is it not debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The Chair will en-
tertain the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the main question was ordered; and will hold that,
if the vote is reconsidered, it will supersede the
second to the previous question, as the Chair un-
derstands that has been the practice of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SPINNER. I think this difficulty can be
got along with, if the House will allo%v me to offer
a resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York asks unanimous consent to offer a resolu-
tion. Is there any objection? The Chair hears
no objection.
A Member. Let it be read for information.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the reso-
lution, as follows:
Whereas, the Builington Ilawkeye, a newspaper pub-
lished in the State of Iowa, has recently published the fol-
lowing article, written from Council BJutFs, in relation to
the land office sales at that place :
" Daring tl,e second week, after the office had opened,
an order was received from Mr. Commissioner Hendricks,
at Washington, to locate six thousand (15,000) acre? in tile
name of the Hon. Ji:sse D. Bright,of Indiana. Of course
the order was complied with out of the regular oflice hours,
and thus tin; honoiable Senator got a slice of the public
lands at a Miigle liaul, while the rest of us had to take our
turn at the null as tint wheel lolled lonnd. Wonder if the
peculiar position which Senator Briout occupied toward
the Administration had anything to do with this piece of
pany favoritism Was it any part of the price pant lor his
support of the l.ccompion constitution ?"
Mr. WINSLOW, (interrupting the reading.)
Is that resolution in order >
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
it is not.
Mr. WINSLOW. Then I object to its being
read further.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinionthat
any paper reflecting upon a member of another
coordinate branch of the legislative department
of the Government is not in order, if the question
of order is raised.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does the Chair
hold that, Mr. Bright is a member of the Senate?
The SPEAKER. Unquestionably he is a Sen-
ator.
Mr. GROW. Does the Chair hold that no lan-
guage can be used reflecting upon the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, by whom this
order was sent?
The. SPEAKER. The Chair certainly decides
that this House has no right to order an investi-
gation into the conduct of a member of a coordi-
nate branch of the legislative department of the
Government.
Mr. GROW. This is a resolution to investi-
gate the conduct of one of the executive officers
of the Government—the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, who sent this order. Does
the Chair hold that such a resolution is not in
order'
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the res-
olution is not in order, inasmuch as it reflects upon
a member of a coordinate branch of this depart-
ment of the Government.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is the resolu-
tion to be ruled out of order because it incidentally
reflects upon a member of the other branch of the
Legislature?
The SPEAKER. The Clmir holds that the res-
olution is out of order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will the
Chair suffer me to make this suggestion ? As I
understand it, what has been read here is not in
the resolution, but is an extract from an Iowa
paper. No proposition has yet been reported to
the House. That reflection was what the Iowa
paper contained; but what the proposition of the
gentleman from New York is, I do not yet under-
stand.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it is such a reflection upon a member of the other
House as would not be tolerated in debate, the
Manual expressly providing that reflection shall
not Tie made even in debate upon a member of the
Senate,
Mr. POTTER. But this reflection is contained
in the article which was read, and not in the res-
olution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to ta
question of order. The rule which mates it out
of order was itself suspended.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is already enter-
taining one question of order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that the HolMe
do now adjourn,
Mr. GROW. Does the Speaker hold that
member in debate cannot read an article froin a
paper ?
The SPEAKER. Not an article reflectjj.g
upon a member in the other end of the Capitol
Mr. GRO W, The charge is against'an offic. r
in the Land Oflice; and 1 would like to know trow
you would get at such an investigationunlessti-a
charge is read ? ,,..i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina raised the question of order that the pa-
per could not be read in consequence of its reflect-
ing upon a member of the Senate. The Ch> ir
sustains the point of order; and, if the gentleman
had attempted to read it in a speech, the Chair
would have ruled it out of order.
Mr. GROW. Does the Chair consider that.a
reflection upon an officer in the Land Oflice is out *
of order ? I appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Is that debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not. ' •
Mr. GROW. Then I withdraw the appeal..
Mr. ADRAIN, (at half past four o'clock,p.  i.)
I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that when a member of the House
uses language in debate, or in a resolution, if that
language is excepted to, the proper time to take
exception is when the language is used, and it is
rcquiied to be taken down at the Clerk's desk. I
desire to avail myself of that rule, as the language
was aimed at a Senator from my own State. I ask
that the offensive language be taken down at the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. ADRAIN. Is there any question before
the House?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon tht
motion to adjourn.
Mr. HUGHES. Have I the right to make thil
point now ?
Mr. ADRAIN. I think the gentleman is out
of order, and I call him to order.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman is always call-
ing me to order, when he is out of order himself.
Mr. ADRAIN. Because the gentleman from
Indiana is always out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order made by the gentleman from
Indiana, because the matter has not come before
the House in the way in which the rules contem-
plate that it shall be presented to the House when
the exception is to be taken.
Mr. HUGHES. I hope the House will indulge
me in saying [shouts of " Order!"] Where
is the disorder now?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 desire to say that the im-
putation [Renewed shouts of" Order!"]
Mr. CLAY. I cali the gentlemen upon the
other side of the House to oider.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order for the
gentleman from Indiana to debate the pending
question.
Mr. ADRAIN. I have moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. HUGHES. The gentleman cannot make
that motion while I am upon the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot hold
the floor to debate a proposition which is not de-
batable.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The question presented by
the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Adkain] is
a privileged question.
Mr. ADRAIN. I insist on my motion.
Mr. ENGLISH. I appeal to the gentleman
from New Jersey to withdraw it for one moment.
Mr. ADRAIN. If there is anything personal
which the gentleman wishes to explain, I have
no objection.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 merely wish to say that I
