1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
It is not at all intended to encroach on any of
the comforts of the sitting member. His comfort
would be much more promoted by the examina-
tion here of the witnesses. He would then be en-
abled to attend to his duties here, and would not
be forced to leave his seat, and—what is perhaps
of some consequence—forfeit his daily pay, as he
would have to do if he went to Baltimoie to have
testimony taken there. Thccommittee is willing
to take on itself that labor, because it thinks it is its
duty to do so. Wc think this is a case to be ex-
empted from the operations of the law. It comes
before us in the memorial of Mr. Brooks, support-
ed by the affidavit of twenty-eight citizens of Bal- j
umore. If the facts which the contestantalleges be
substantially true, that there was no fair election, 1
that there was fraud in the acceptance of illegal j
votes, and in the prevention of legal votes being
cast, it ought not to be considered an election at all.
That opinion has been officially indorsed by the
Executive of the State; and to his office there cer-
tainly must be some respectpaid. The Governor,
in Ins annual message to the .Legislature, declared
his deliberate opinion that the election wasfraud-
ulently conducted; that by the exclusion of thou-
sands of voters from the polls, there was no ex-
pression of the popular will; and that the whole
returns were vicious and without aclaim to official
recognition. The sitting member [Mr. Davis]
asserts himself, in his answer, that the city was
under martial law. He asserts that the order for
the troops had been withdrawn, although the elec-
tion was conducted while the city was under mar-
tial law. if the allegation of the contestant is not
sufficienttc invalidate the election, it seems to us
that it is sufficient to justify the House in sending
a commission to Baltimore with power to send for
persons and papers, to examine witnesses and
ascertain the truth.
it has been said bythesitting member that one
of the reasonsalleged by the memorialist, namely,
that most of the magistrates had been elected at
the same election, and that difficulty would be met
in examining witnesses, as they might be over-
awed, was monstrous. Well, sir, the minority
of the committee did not place it upon any such
ground. They put it upon highergrounds. Here
is the official declaration of the chief Executive
of Maryland, that in his opinion lawlessness has
prevailed to such an extent as to prevent a fair
election. Here is the allegation of the sitting
member that the election was held under martial
law. Under such circumstances, with the election
recently held, ought we not to investigate it to
the fullest extent of the power we can command ?
Ought not this committee to be willing to take the
trouble, and ought not they to be clothed with
power to examine witnesses, and take evidence,
to see whether these startling allegations are true;
whether the facts that are thus alleged on one hand
and emphatically denied on the other, are founded
in truth ?
It is from a sense of duty—of imperative duty—
that the minority have instructed me to present
these views to the House. It is because these
allegations have been roade by this high authority
that the minority of the committee have deemed
that the facts should be subjected to a thorough
and searching investigation. They have, there-
fore, instructed me to offer, as I now offer, the fol-
lowing amendment to the resolution submitted by
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Boyce]
in behalf of the majority of the committee. Strike
out all after the word " Resolved," and insert:
That the Committee of Elections have power to sond for
persons and papers, and to examine witnesses and evidence ;
in tiie case of the contested election of the Hon. II. Winter i
Davis, from the fourth congressional district of Maiyland. j
Mr. MaYNARD, Mr. Speaker, whether this
is an important question as between the parties
directly m interest, I am not advised; but as a I
question of precedent, I conceive that it is a very
important one, and so ought to be regarded.
The seatof a sitting member of this House may !
be contested upon two grounds. It may be con- j
tested upon individual considerations merely, by j
a man who wishes to assume for himself the honor !
and emoluments of the place; and it may be con- [
tested upon higher grounds—upon principles af- j
fecting the rights, the feelings, and the interests i
of a large body of the constituency. So far as the*!
character of this contest appears from the papers j
which we have before us, it is of the formerclass; [
for though, as has been stated, Mr. Brooks, the j
contestant, does not, in the present aspect of the
case, ask us to oust the sitting member, and put
him in his place, he does seek indirectly to ac-
complish that end by having the matter referred
again to the people of the fourth congressional
district of Maryland, by whom, I infer from his
memorial, he hopes, upon a new appeal to them,
to be returned here in place of the sitting mem-
ber.
The fifth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution of the United States provides, as has al-
ready been said, that "each House shall be the
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications
of its own members." That is the constitutional
provision. It is clear, plain, explicit. There can
be no doubt, there can be no mistake, as to its
meaning, or to the extent of our power under it.
But it is said, if 1 understand the arguments on
the other side, that this overrides the act of 1351,
which, it is said, is but the action of both Houses
of Congress, approved by the President. That
law provides the mode in which the contestants
shall take their testimony, and bring it before the
House for decision. But, sir, it seems tome this
view of the effect of the Constitution upon that
law is entirely erroneous. The Constitution is
one thing; the act of 1851 is another, and entirely
different thing.
The Constitution prescribes and defines the ju-
dicial powers we possess under it. The act of
1851 determines the mode by which the case shall
be presented to us so that we shall have it before
us for the exercise of that power. The Consti-
tution makes us the tribunal; the act of 1851 pre-
scribes the mode by which the parties shall come
into court; the mode in which they shall present
their ease to us, in pleading and proof, for our con-
sideration. I see no inconsistency; I see no curtail-
ment of the powers given us by the Constitution,
by the act of 1851. And then, if it were so, as
ihe minority allege, what follows > Why, sir, is
this power given us in the Constitution a mere
wild,random authority that we may exercise when
and how we may happen to fancy? No, sir; con-
stitutional power, like every other power, when
controlled in its exercise by law, is liberty; but
when exercised arbitrarily and without law it be-
comes tyranny. What arc the provisions of the
act of lBol ? What is the scope and intention of
that act? It seems to me the language is too clear,
too explicit, to be misunderstood for a moment.
It provides, in the first section, that from and
after its passage £i whenever any person shall con-
test the election of any member of the House of Rep- j
resentatives of the United States, he shall" pro- I
ceed under the regulations therein prescribed; ap- |
plicable, as 1 conceive, to ail cases of contestation !
that can ever arise. !
The history of the contested elections in this
House furnishes us with many cases where the
seat of a member is contested, not by a single in-
dividual, but, as the reports show, by " sundry
persons" of a community, the rights of which
have been so outraged that they, feeling themselves
aggrieved, have come as citizens, contesting the
right of the sitting member to hold his seat; so that
it seems to me we have no room left for doubt as
to the intention of Congress in the passage of the
law. Besides, here is the memorial of the con-
testant, showing that his original purpose was to
deprive the sitting member of his seat, pursuant
to the provisions of this statute. He says:
" To this end. your memorialist gave the notice required
by the act of Conjriess of 1851, m rcferencc to contested
ejections. The said notice was given on the 26th day of
November, 1857, and lias not yet been replied to."
With my reading of the act, and my under-
standing of the Constitution, I cannot conceive 1
any other mode by which a seat can legally be con- '
tested, than by the provision of the act of 1851.
That piovision is general. It provides for all and
every case. It makes no exception. It intends to
make none, and this contestant manifestly so
understood it when proceeding under it.
Having filed his pleadings, as it were, under the
act of 1851, then he comes forward and asks to
be exempted from its action in taking the proof.
Has he any right, any legal right, to such a priv-
ilege ? I cannot agree with the course of the ar-
gument of my friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
Boyce,] that under the act of 1851 this House
has the power to disregard its provisions andap- |
point a board of commissioners to go wandering 1
over the country hunting up proof of any amount
or kind, whenever the contestant may suggest that
such a course should be pursued. I insist that
the act of 1851 is imperative. I insist that its pro-
visions are conclusive, and apply to this case as
well as to every other.
But, sir, without stopping further to argue or
to dwell upon this view of tne act of 1851, let us
look to see the reasons given here by this con-
testant for departing from the mode of proceeding
prescribed by that act. Even supposing my view
of it to be wrong, and that taken by other gen-
tlemen to be right, let us see the reason why ho
should be exempted from the operation of the
law. We are told, in the first place, that he does
not want the seat himself. We are told here, that
he stands in the attitude of the dog in the manger,
that, unable to eat the hay himself, he does not
wish the ox in the stall to have it; that for that
reason he docs not comc within the provisions of
the act of 1851. I have already answered that
position. Although he cannot, with the election
returns before him, with the sweeping and over-
whelming majority of between six and seven
thousand votes, expect to purge the polls to the
extent of securing a seat here, yet he wishes that
the people of the fourth congressional district of
Maryland shall hold the election over again, and
give him another chance. If the course that is
sought to be pursued in this case be adopted,
what have we to do with every case where a can-
didate happens, unfortunately for himself, to be
defeated in an election before the people? This
candidate has only to suggest, not that he wants
the seat himself, but that he wants the election
declared void for informality or fraud, and that
Congress should relieve him from the expense
and trouble of taking testimony to make out his
case. What are the grounds of the contestant
for such an application? He says, in the first
place, " that the disgraceful proceedings charged
oy your memorialist implicate the authorities of
Baltimore as being either unwilling or unable to
preserve the public peace." If that were so—
if the authorities of Baltimore were so corrupt
or so pusillanimous that they would not, or
could not, afford protection to citizens in taking
testimony under the act of 1851—would not the
same thing occur in taking testimony under a
commission of this House? Would you be in
any better condition by appointing such a com-
mission ? Are you not as much protected under
the laws of the country in taking testimony under
a commission pursuant to the act of 1851, as under
a commission appointed by the House? It seems
so to me.
But, sir, what are the facts? Do the facts sus-
tain this grave charge against the authorities of
Baltimore? You have been told already that an-
other sitting member and a contestant for his seat
have been taking testimony for more than a month
in the same city of Baltimore,with as much qui-
etness and as peaceably as it could be taken here
or anywhere else. But we are told that some
twenty-seven or eight men from that city have
comc up here and made affidavit confirmatory of
the allegation of the contestant. Do these affiants
corroborate him ? They say that they are citizens
of Baltimore, and we are told that they are most
respectable citizens of that city. I do not know
whether they are the most respectable or the least
respectable; and it is a matter of no consequence,
in my view of the facts of the case. They say
that the matters and things set forth in the memo-
rial " are substantially true, to the best of their
knowledge arid beliefWhat does this affidavit
state ? Absolutely nothing. It states nothing that
the affiants know of themselves. They do not
pretend that they have any knowledge of the cir-
cumstances; but, 44 to the best of their knowledge,
and belief," the allegations of the contestant are
true. I may with the same propriety say that,
" to the best of my knowledge and belief," they
are untrue, knowing nothing about them, and
predicating my " belief" upon the statements of
men upon whom I see fit to rely. The statements
in these affidavits amount to nothing, and less
than nothing.
On the other hand, we have in this record affi-
davits of seven or eight judges of elections, pre-
sidin^atsomany of the different election precincts
i if the city of Baltimore, denying, contradicting,
and controverting, in every essential particular, all
the statements of this memorial and of the con-
firmatory affidavits that make up the contestant's
