2838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
Mr. HUNTER. Why cannot they fulfill his
contract if they have ships of that magnitude?
Mr. COLLAMER. For the very simple rea-
son that they have not any such ships.
Mr. KING. They can take Colhns's ships.
Mr. COLLAMER. If they take his ships they
may get the money if they perform the service for
him. If he is to go to Southampton, very well.
If he is to go to Liverpool, he has to run there;
and they perform an entirely different service.
The question is, will it interfere with these other
two lines to allow him to go to Southampton ? If
it will interfere with them, the Postmaster Gen-
eral will not agree to let Collins go there, because
the provision is that he cannot go there without
the consent of the Postmaster General; and of
course, if it would interfere with the other lines, the
Postmaster General would never agree to let him
go there. But, besides that, it is very question-
able whether there will be any interference at all.
Mr. Collins will run twice a month; they run but
twice a month; the Havre line once a month, and
the Bremen line once a month, each stopping at
Southampton. That makes their trips two weeks
apart. If Mr. Collins comes in with his 'ships,
filling up the two weeks when they do not run,
making a weekly line from New York by the
Collins ships and the ships of these other two
lines to Southampton and the continent, the ques-
tion will be, will that hurt these other lines?
They may say, " when we run only once in a
week we cannot command the trade and passen-
gers of the continent; but if we can get Mr. Col-
lins to run in the intermediate weeks, and make
with us a weekly line, such as there is to Liver-
pool, the probability is that then we can command
the passengers both from America to the conti-
nent, and from the continent to America almost
entirely, and not have them go by way of Liver-
pool at all. We never shall be able to do that
unless we get Mr. Collins to fill up the interme-
diate weeks when we do not run; and if he will
fill up those weeks, he, together with us, will have
a better line, and we shall make more than we can
ever make by ourselves."
1 merely present this view of the case for the
purpose of showing that it does not follow as a
matter of course that allowing Mr. Collins to run
his ships to Southampton will injure the lines now
running there. It may, or it may not. 'That is
a matter for them to judge of. Hut if it does, 1
again repeat, (he Postmaster General will never
agree to let him run there. The bill as it stands
amended provides that the Postmaster General
may allow him.to go to Southampton. To assume
that the Postmaster General will have him go
there to the injury of those other people, is to beg
the whole question, and to beg an improbability,
too. It is not at all probable that he would agree
to any such thing. There is no danger of his do-
ing it. Unless the lines that are running there for
the postages believe that it will injure; them, he
may allow it to be done; but if they think it will
benefit them, he will then probably agree with Mr.
Collins, that he may as well run there, and that
it will be better for himself and better for the com-
munity, making a weekly line between us, Eng-
land, and the continent, which will run in good
competition against the British line to Liveipool.
Mr. MALLOIIY. The Senator from Vermont
is probably conversant with the facts in reference
to the size of Mr. Collins's ships. I know that
the ships were built larger than was at first sup-
posed; and that was made a merit when the extra
compensation was asked for, that the ships were
made larger than the contract required. Can he
now tell us what sized ships the contract called
lor?
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know.
Mr. TOOMBS Only two thousand tons.
Mr. COLLAAIER. My impression is that they
were built larger than the contract required. The
Bremen and Havre lines, however, were not re-
quired to be two thousand tons, and they never
had any such ships.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply wish to ask the
Senate, on the statement and argument made now
by the Senator from Vermont, if it isnotperfectly
apparent that the whole foundation of the reason
for the reconsideration of this vote is done away
with ? It was reconsideied on the ground that the
provision we have made for the Collins line would
hu11 these other lines. Now, the Senator fiom
Vermont argues that it will benefit them.
Mr. COLLAMER. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, that it may benefit
them. As a matter of fact, I understand there
was not the slightest objection to it on the part of
those men.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know that there
was.
Mr. YULEE. I will say, in response to the
question of my colleague, that the contract called
for ships of three thousand tons.
Mr. TOOMBS. The contract was for two thou-
sand.
Mr. YULEE. I have it in my hand.
Mr. TOOMBS. So have I. I hold in my hand
the contract itself, and it reads two thousand.
Mr. YULEE. I have it in my hand, and it pro-
vides for three thousand.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have it here, in the Senate
Documents for 1851-2. " United States mail con- 1
tract, New York and Liverpool. This agreement,
made in the city of Washington," &c. It pro-
vides for " five steamships of not less than two
thousand tons' measurement, and of one thousand
horse power each, to be built of great speed, and
sufficiently strong for war purposes."
Mr. YCJLEE. What contract is that ?
Mr. TOOMBS. The contract with E. K. Col-
lins.
Mr. YULEE. I have before me the contract
with E. K. Colli ns.
Mr. TOOMBS. You have the supplemental
contract.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; it is the original con-
tract; and it provides;
 ' For the materials, dimensions, and more full specifiea- j
tmn* <'or the hull of «sutl ship^and their steam machinery,
respectively, reference is made to the annexed schedules,
marked A and B, which helous; to and lorm part of this
•igieemrnt.*'
Then schedule A provides:
u Intended size of .said steam-hip;>. about three thousand
ton-i, being ihiee hundiod feet between pet pemliculuib,"
&c.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator's contract and
mine are the same; but he does not state it with
accuracy. The contract binds them, and not the
schedule; in the schedule he says he intends to
make the ships three thousand tons; but by the
contract he is only bound to make them two thou-
sand. That is the difference.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the date >
Mr. YULEE. This contract is dated Novem-
ber 1, 1847, and is the contract which was made
under the law.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 believe that the statute
required them to he at least two thousand tons.
Air. YULEE. 1 can explain the difference. In
tin1 {imposition Mr. Collins made to the Post
Office Department before the act of Congress, he
suggested two thousand tons. That wa<* in his
proposal, and that probably was recited in the act
of Congress.
Mr. PUGH. There is no recital in the act of
Congress; but reference is made to lnspioposi-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I have too much mteiest in
expediting the business of the Senate to occupy
the floor long. I wish to say simply, that I see
no necessaiy connection between this question
and the question which went before it in regard
to the Collins line. Here is a proposition of the
Government, which has been accepted by the
House of Representatives, in regard to the trans-
portation of the mails fiom New York, via South-
ampton or Cowes, to Bremen, and from New
York, via Southampton or Cowes, to Havre—two
lines which have been in existence the last eight
years, and for which the House of Representa-
tives proposes that we shall pay $230,000; and
that proposition to pay $230,000 the Committee
on Finance propose to amend, by substituting for
the sum of $030,000 the postages.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You should take the suc-
ceeding sum with it—the two together making
&350,000;
Mr. SEWARD. I correct myself at the request
of the honorable Senator from Maine. I will
state the proposition,then, in this way: the Post-
master General arid House of Representatives
propose to pay to these two lines, which have for
the last eight or ten years carried these mails, the
sum of $230,000 for carrying the mails on the same
routes, the same number of times, with a fund re-
served for contingencies, at the discretion of the
Postmaster General, of $120,000 more for that
purpose. Now the Committee on Finance pro-
pose to substitute for that proposition, which is
one that will sustain these.two lines and secure
this scrvicc, another one which we do not know
will effect that purpose. That other proposition
is to give the amount of postage, foreign and in-
land, received by the United States in and out by
the vessels employed in this service. If I under-
stand it, the first sum of $230,000 is substantially
an estimate of the amount of postages which will
be received; and what the committee propose is,
instead of fixing that amount of $230,000. to let
theparties take the postages, which it is estimated
will be equivalent to it. There is then no material
difference in the propositions, so far as the Gov-
ernment is concerned. Any difference there can
he to them is practically immaterial unless it af-
fects some principle; but in point of amountit can
be nothing. To the contractor, however, who has
steam lines to maintain, with less credit and less
capital than the Government of the United States
at his command, it is one thing whether he is sure
that he will have $230,000, or whether it is only
estimated by the Government that he will have
$230,000, although the estimate is expectcd to be
nearly right.
Then you substitute an amendment which
makes no material difference in point of economy
to the Government whatever, but which may lose
you the service, in the place of a sum which will
secure it, and will probably not differ from the
amount you propose to give. I am sure I am dis-
posed to meet the.case fairly. This is the whole
matter; unless it is necessary to advert again to
the proposition which provides $120,000 for con-
tingencies; but that is not involved in the ques-
tion before the Senate. The question before the
Senate is, whether they will substitute " the post-
ages, foreign and inland, received by the United
States in the mails m and out by the vessels em-
ployed in such service," for the sum of $230,000,
which are substantial equivalents? After that, it
will be time enough to consider whether the con-
tingenciesshallbeallowed. To mix the twoques-
tions together, and then go back and embariass
them with the proposition in regard to Mr. Col-
lins, is quite unnecessary. I have said there was
nothing involved in this except a principle. I
admit that there is a piinciple contended for by
the Committee on Finance, and that is, that the
service shall hereafter be remunerative. I only
repeat, with the Senator from Vermont and the
Senator from Mississippi, that, when the Collins
contract falls in, then will be a good time to re-
vise and consider the whole subject, and to adopt
such a system, if it shall be found expedient.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Vermont
did not, in my judgment, attend to the case to
which I called his attention, at all. The only
ground on which they pretend to stand in the as-
sumption that they are not giving Mr. Collins
three quarteis of a million for nothing, is that the
other lines have not the same sort of ships that
he has. The Senator from Vermont, when asked
on what authority he makes that statement,gives
none. He does not know a word about it, and
the statement he made was inaccurate. The Sen-
ator from Florida, also, is under a mistake. Col-
lins, by his contract, was to build ships not less
than two thousand tons' burden. It is true, in
the specifications he said he would build them
about three thousand tons, but he is not bound
by the schedule. He is only bound by the act of
Congress, and his proposals, and the contract.
They require ships of two thousand tons; and the
reason these specifications were made was itself
fraudulent, because they well knew that they
would never build such a ship in the world, and
they never intended to do so. What they wanted
was a legislative contract; the rest was perfectly
easy. It was reported to us by those who pre-
tend to be competent officers in the naval service
of the United States, that the Collins ships were
not built according to contract. He came here
and said, "here are my specifications; I have all
the iron bolts they call for; the specifications arid
contract show what I was to do, and I have built
my ships according to them." Although it was
proven that they were not sufficient for war pur-
poses, he said they were built according to con-
tract, according to the specifications. Those
specifications, with which the law had nothing
to do, were put in by the contractors, and they
got a Secretary of the Navy, (Mr. Mason,) who
