118"
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
February 16,
dase. Bat if we 1'oolt at the facts as Set forth in
the notice appended to the memorial, we then get
arLidea, some little conception, of the perils which
will environ Mr. Brooks in his effort to obtain
testimony. We are told by high authority that
" the slothful man saith there is a lion without, I
shall be slain m the streets." Mr. Brooks seems
to have the same apprehension of lions, and some
things more terrible than Hons. Listen to him.
He says that a " conspiracy was carried into ef-
fect by fraud, force, and intimidation. That in
pursuance thereof, certain associations, bearing
disgraceful and te.rrific appellations, have been ad-
mitted members of your party." J think there is
a figure of speech called aposiopesis, where lan-
guage is so used that more is meant than meets
the ear. These "terrific appellations" were
doubtless alluded to by the memorialist to give his
words a peculiar significance. We find the same
thing has been practiced before by men of poctic
and imaginative minds. I think it was about 1812
that there appeared in the London Times a poctic
effusion directed against the first Napoleon. After
giving a fearful list of his foes, the son of the
muses adds to the truculent catalogue of PlatolTs,
Kutusoffs, and Rodonoifs:
* " And last of all an admiral came,
A terrible man, with a terrible name;
A name tliat by sight wc all know voiy well,
Which nobody can speak, and nobody can
And the poet of Scotland understood the same
thing, when recounting the supernatural horrors
that beset poor Tam O'Shantor upon a well-re-
membered occasion. He concludes with a start-
ling suppression of the most fearful terrors of that
fearful night:
<c Wi> mair o> horrible and awfu,'
Which e'cti to name would bo unlawfu."
"Terrific appellations!" Mr. Speaker, stat
ftOmiuwn itm&ra / Was ever a more ridiculous,
ever a more unworthy, ever a more baseless ar-
gument submitted to the consideration of two hun-
dred and thirty-odd men, who claim some sort of
character for general intelligence > Torn lift names!
" ICnow Nothihg," "Plug Ugly," " Shoulder-
hitter," " Bloody-boncs" arid "Knock-under"
desperadoes! Terrific names, which have so upset
and bewildered the intellect of this valorous con-
testant that, forsooth, he wants the a'gis of tins
House of Representatives to be thrown around
him, in the shape of, 1 suppose, half a dozen Dem-
ocratic members of Congress, as a body-guard to
protect him in thecity of Baltimore, when he shall
take his testimony; and to gather up his witnesses
for him, so that they too shall be protected. 1
cannot understand it in any other way.
Sir, why did not this very prudent man learn
wisdom from a very sage piece of advice, which,
we are told, was given by one of the old demi-
gods to the. wagoner when he got his wheel into
the rut? Why did he not put his own shoulder
to the wheel, and then, if he could not lift it out,
call upon us Herculcses to give him a helping
hand5 Why, air, did he not go on? Why did
he not give our friend over the way [Mr. Davis]
the usual notice, and try his hand awhile, to sre
whether or not he could take his testimony ? If
then, terrible men, with terrific appellations, had
beleaguered him, and he had been overpowered
by them, he could then have come up with some
reason for the alarm upon his countenance. He
could have pointed at the blood, and the bullet-
holes in his doublet—have uncovered his bleeding
wounds, and our sympathies would have boon
touched. But, sir, 1 have never seen such an ad-
dress as this to iho discretion of a court—for, as
has been very well remarked, we are sitting here
m our judicial character—a character, by-the-by,
which we have assumed during a good portion of
this session, as it occurs to me; and what with
adjudging cases of contempt, for the protection
of our self-respect and personal dignity, and in
preventing our seats from being unduly and im-
properly occupied by the representatives of these
"terrific" outlaws, we are still occupying a judi-
cial position—I have never seen in ail my expe-
rience in judicial proceedings—which I admit may
not have been as extensive and as long continued
as that of many gentlemen in the House—I have
never seen anything so frivolous as the excuse set:
up by this contestant why he should be relieved
from pursuing the plain, straightforward, and ob-
vious directions of a law which is so plain "thathe ,
may run thatreadethit." ["Wrong!" "That!
he that runs may read."] No, sir; I have it right,
and you have it wrong. That is one of the con-
testant's reasons why he should not be required
to make out his own case, and 1 suppose it is his
principal reason. The others, I imagine, were
put in for compliment—as an ornament—a sort of
" caudal appendage" to the first.
What is the second reason ? Ho says that
1 "but sixty days are allowed" for taking testi-
mony, and that the time is quite too short. Pray,
what have you been doing during these sixty days?
They will have expired, if I mistake not, by next
Monday, and you have not turned your hand to-
wards taking testimony so far as is shown in the
case. You have made no attempt; you have not
tried. There has been no sort of a beginning to
make out a case. If this contestant had'employed
the sixty days diligently, faithfully, and properly,
and then had come forward and asked to have the
time extended on the ground that, by reason of
the shortness of the time his evidence was not
complete, that his case was not made out; or if he
had come here and shown some good and suffi-
cient reason why he hadl>not done so during the
time allowed, I would cheerfully have voted to
extend more indulgence, as I did to another gen-
tleman who made application to the House some
time since. But he asks no such thing. He is
not asking to extend the sixty days; he is not ask-
ing us to enlarge it, us we have the express power
to do under the ninth section of the act of 1851;
he is asking to be excused from taking it at all,
and modestly soliciting us to do it for him.
The next reason he gives why we should ex-
cuse him from taking testimony, and why we
should do his work for him, and at our own ex-
pense, to let him sue in forma pauperis—for that is
what itamounts to—is,that "ten days' noticels re-
quired to be given to the contestee." Why, then,
did not you give it? What reason is that why the
House should take testimony ? The House would
not do it, I imagine, without giving notice to the
other side.
t The third reason merges itselfinto the previous
one, and refers to the length of time allowed by
law for the taking of the testimony, which, in this
case, he alleges, is not sufficient, if it were not
sufficient, upon thatfact appearing, wc could easily
extend it.
There isanotherieason. I donotknowwhether
the contestant is a lawyer or not—I have no per-
! sonal acquaintance with him, nor am I informed
5 on that point—but if he is, he gives n most un-
■ lawyer-like reason for the excuse. He says that
1 " the disposition and character of the witnesses,
[ so readily ascertained from their manner by those
: present ut an examination, will be totally lost in
J its effect if the evidence be in the nature of depo-
sitions." Can we have testimony in any other
i form ? Is not the evidence upon which we are
, bound to act, and upon which we shall finally act,
[ obliged to be in the form of depositions, and em-
| braced in a document like this I have in my hand?
Are we going to bring witnesses at the bar of the
House, and look them in the face while they give
their testimony, so that we can form our own
opinions as to whether they testify the truth or
not? No, sir; not at {ill.
Now, sir, take all these reasons from begin-
ning to end, and in my judgment they amount
to nothing at all. In looking over this document
I can come to no other conclusion than that this
contestant felt some sort of a moral necessity,
some sort of a political constraint, in order to
, gratify friends who were urging him up, that
I impelled him to put on the appearance of contest-
: mg this election, and at the same time do it in
such a manner as to take away from it the labor
I and expense of a reality, i certainly cannot be-
: Ueve that the man who presented this memorial is
j in earnest, or is serious in addressing himself Lo
- our consideration, or that he looks for our heeding
j the prayer of it. It looks to me as though he was
| doing it as a matter of form, to affect certain ulte-
, nor purposes and objects, without any expecta-
tion that it was to assume the reality of an actual
i controversy.
; I do not desire to prolong my remarks on this
i question. The question now before us is simply,
i whether we should take the case out of the plain
! provisions of the act of 1851; and whether we
i should go on and take testimony at the expense
j of the country? I do not know what the expense
i would be; but we had before us, yesterday, a res-
olution showing the cost already incurred of some
of these investigations, and what they are likely
to cost. And now we are to decide whether we
will go on and investigate, not frauds in Congress,
not frauds under the general administration of the
Federal Government, but frauds in an election in
the city of Baltimore. We are to investigate them
at our own trouble, and at the public charge. I,
for one, am entirely opposed to such a proposition.
Let this man act like every other man. Let him
do as Mr. Whyte does, who is contesting the seat
of another member from the same city. Let him
goon in good faith, attempt to get his testimony,
make every elfort in his power; and when he
has done that, and has still failed to bring out the
facts, or to establish what he is satisfied is the
truth of the case, then let him make application
to us for further indulgence; and if he shows a
case for it, I am very certain that no one will more
cheerfully grant him that indulgence than will I.
But I will not consent to this House assuming the
responsibility of conducting this investigation at
the expense of the country.
I might here rest the case. But I will ask: is
it just to the sitting member that an him shall be
devolved the labor and expense and trouble of
taking his testimony, while the party contesting
his scat shall be exempt therefrom, and have his
testimony taken for him at the public expense?
You would impoverish a member of Congress,
unless he were a man of extiaordinary wealth*
by compelling him to go on and take proof to
\ rebut all the testimony that the contestant might
suggest. It would swell the expense to such an
enormous amount that members would not be
able to undergo them, and would rather give up
their seats at once than attempt to retain them.
For these reasons I shall vote against the prop-
osition of the minority of the committee, and in
favor of the resolution presented by the majority.
Mr. HATCH. Mr. Speaker, in order to un-
derstand the precise question before the House I
ask that the two resolutions of the majority and
minority of the committee shall be read.
The resolutions were read; that reported from
the majority of the committee is as follows:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to giant the praycrofthe
memoudb.-t ibr the appointment ol'a comnmtce to lake tes-
timony.
That of the minority is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections have power
to send loi pei^ons and papers, and to examine witnesses
and evidence m the case of the contested election of the
lion. tl. Winter Davis, from the fourth congressional district
of Maryland.
Mr. HATCH. In this connection I desire to
have the record completed by adding the follow-
ing sentence from the report of the majority of the
committee:
I Your committee therefore recommend that the piayer
; of tho meinonalistbe not gianted,andthathe be left to make
. out hw
[ desire to have that added in order to make the
record complete, and to show precisely what con-
dition tins question is in. The question between
the majority and the minority is " Shall the in-
vestigation be prosecuted * or shall it be aban-
doned?" and to these points I propose to speak.
I am not disposed, Mr. Speaker, to be a volun*-
teer in parliamentary combats. I have no expe-
rience in such combats, and no ambition to enter
the lists. But, sir, when subjects are before the
House which concern my constituents, I shall ask
its attention; and such a subject is that now be-
fore the House. It bears on the civil and religious
rights of my constituents. The question is whether
they are to be deprived of their civil and religious
j rights by secret organizations, and driven into a
j bondage worse than African slavery ? Myconstit-
i uents do not care how the gentleman from Geor-
| gia or the gentleman from Ohio may settle their
slavery discussion. They do not care whether the
one supposes slavery to be an institution of God,
or the other supposes it an institution of the Devil.
They have no interest in the slavery question.
They have nothing to do with negroes, and I do
not know that they want to own one.
But I have said that my constituents are inter-
ested in the question now before the House. 1
desire to explain that statement. There is not a
constituency in this country so largely filled with
adopted citizens as the constituency which I am
proud to represent on this floor. Probably all the
civilized nationalities of the world are represented
there*, and some nine tenths of these adopted citi-
