1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
objected to the passage of this resolution for rea-
sons which have not been stated to me, and I
would prefer that it should be laid over until he
is in his sent. I have no objection to it myself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. - The hour for
the consideration of the special order has'arnved.
Mr. BRODERICK. I have no objection to
letting the resolution lie over if my colleague is
not satisfied with it.
Mr. KING. It will come up to-morrow.
Mr. BRODERICK* If it comes up to-morrow
I shall not object to the postponement.
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 161)
for the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the question of concurring in the report.
Mr. CLARK. 1 inquire what will be the effect
of concurring in the report? Will it amend the
bill of the House, in the opinion of the Chair?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. So far as the
action of the Senate is concerned it will.
Mr. CLARK. Will it require any future ac-
tion before the Senate when the hill comes back
from the House, m the opinion of the Chair?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
depend entirely upon the action of the House of
Representatives. The yeas tuid nays have been
called for. The Chair will first determine whether
that call is sustained.
The yeas and nuv« were ordered.
Mr. ALLEN". What is the question now?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Dm concurring
in the report of the committee of conference. Those
Senators in favor of concurring will say " yea,"
as their names are called ; those opposed to it will
say " nav."
Air. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, 1 wish,
with as little consumption of the tune of the Sen-
ate as possible, to ^et foitli the which,
upon the fullest consider turn that I have had the
opportunity of giving to this subjeer, constrain me
to vote against this repot t. In some respects, un-
doubtedly, the amendment pioposed by the com-
mittee of conference meets my cordial eonourrenee.
I was opposed to the admission of Kansas upon
the basis of the Leconipton constitution, because
I thought that instrument not only did not ex-
press the will of the people of Kansas, bin was
against their known will and wishes; and more-
over 1 thought it had been made by fraud and po-
litical trickeiy. I opposed, therefore, the enforce-
ment of that constitution upon the people of Kan-
sag. That wns the main point of eontrou rsy then.
Gentlemen on the other side ieroded it as being
presented in all the forms of law, and said that
those funnaof law through which this question
had passt d in the T( 11 i'oiy of Kansas, piecluded
us from any examination beyond them. I sup-
posed that foims were only intended to piomote
and ascertain the iruth—not that they < onfim d
and crushed the truth and precluded all examin-
ation into it.
I wasopposcd to enforcing 11nv instrument upon
tbv peopleagainst their wdi and stained, as I sup-
posed, with Hand. Othurgenticmon took different
views of the case, and insisted upon its prompt
and immediate adoption and the absolute admis-
sion of the Stale into the Umon upon it. Tin1
committee of eoufo^ence, m their consideration of
the subject, have changed the views whieh weie
entertained by the Senate at that ume, and ha\e
now ugieed to abandon the Leeompton constitu-
tion, so far at least as to submit it to the people
of Kansas now for their affirmation. So far we
are agreed.
rlui, sir, in making that submission to the peo-
ple, certain consequences are attached to it which,
1 think, aie an unjust, an improper incumbrance
upon the free nght of the people to choosy their
institutions lor themselves. In the bill substituted
by the House of Representatives in place of tlei
Senate's mil, there was a fair submission of the
Lteompton constitution provided for, and the
p. ople were told, " if you affirm this, very well;
it m ail at your discretion; a matter of choice with
you, fae, uuinlhmnml, fair; choose as you please;
and if you choose to reject this constitution, as
not satisfactory to you, a convention of the people
of the Territory shall immediately be called, to
make such constitution as is satisfactory; and
upon that constitution's being made, and upon a
reference of it to the people, if they shall affirm
what the convention lias done, the President of
the United States being made acquainted with the
fact, shall announce it by proclamation, and there- i
after the State shall be considered as one of the '
Union.
That is the bill which the Senate has voted
against. The committee of conference, abandon-
ing, as I say, the enforcement of the Leeompton
constitution as an absolute one, and the admis-
sion of the State as an absolute admission, come
to our ground, so far as to agree that that instru-
ment shall be submitted to the people. The com-
mittee of conference say it shall be submitted to
the people; but how submitted ? In the fair, open,
unincumbered mannoi that it was to be by the bill j
of the House of Representatives? No, sir. ,
I have said that this new amendment proposes
the submission of the constitution. I am sub- i
stantially correct in that statement. Literally, j
however, it is but a submission of certain grants '
of land which have been habitually made by Con-
gress upon the formation and admission of new |
States—grants for school purposes, grants for a i
university, grants for establishing a seat of Gov-
ernment. It submits these grants and thecondi-
| tion upon which they are made, to wit, that the
i State accepting them shall not be at liberty to m-
5 terfere with the disposal of the public lands or to
! impose taxes upon them—it refers this formal part
>\ of the instrument of admission to the people. It :
jj submits to them the question, are you willing to j
|! take i hese grants of land or not ? That is the only !
I1 question to be submitted to the people, but by i
h legislation a consequence is to How from their ■
i; action perfectly arbitrary in iU nature, and alto- ;
ij aether illogical m tin- conclusion. If they are ,
! willing to take the l,md, it is to be infetivd that |
j1 they are willing to take n constitution whu.h is |
! known to be obnoxious to them J And if th:y ;
ij ujert the grants of land for any reason, or with- i
out any reason, thru they an- to I e considered as -
rejecting the constitution. H re jS a Side issue, j
ij or a collateral consequence, infinitely more im- j
portant than the direct question propounded to the j
people. j
Now, sir, why is this? It is in effect, I grant, I
for I do not wish to stand on mere formalities or j
technicalities, a submission of the constitution to j
j| the people. It is a sott of feigned issue out of j
ij Congress. That issue the people aie to try. The j
|j world, looking at that i-ssue, might say: '' v/e'l, |
j! what of this; what do you say about tiie consti- !
,1 lu'iou; there isnmhmg h'-re about it ?" Oh, well, i
Ij hut we will annex, bv law. a h'-?al consequence* I
]' though no man would ever 1 hmk of deriving it as •
j! a legitimate and logical < onsequenee; and that:
j' consequence shall be, if you take (lie land, you !
l; take another thmg entneiy distinctfiom it—acer- i
i; tain constitution. You agree to waive all your ;
ij objections to what you tegaul as its obnoxious
/ character or obnoxious parts, if you take the land.
!■ If you do not want the laud, or if you reject it !
J because it is notas much as you desire or as much i
as you hope.] for, ihen you shall be considered as i
;; injecting the constitution, though you may, in j
i fact, be satisfied with it, Is this a fair submission |
I of it to the people? You say to them, m effect, !
;i £,vote for this obnoxious constitution; agree to ;
put this little yoke oil your in e.ks;and you shall J
:j be rewaidod for it with kinds without limit al- i
most." j
Sir, is not that offering a temptation -1 They arc j
to have the land if they accept the constitution; '•
if they do not, they are not to have it. Does it
mean to hold out tne idea that, by possibility, this I
is their last chance for obtaining that land, and ,
that having once rejected it m due form of law, j
this form of lav/ shall be set up against them as ;
an estoppel—I think the word we have heard so j
j' often is estoppel—against their ever having any ]
1 more land ? Will the world consider it fair ? Will '
, the people of the United States consider it fair} ,
ji If the people of Kansas are entitled to vote upon ,
\[ the Leeompton constitution, th^y arc entitled to !
>! it m virtue of their right of self-government; they !
1 are entitled to it in virtue of that great sovereign
1 popular right, by virtue of which every govern- j
meot that we represent here stands. We have 1
'' no right to diminish, no light to control, no right !
to incumber it. It is their right, and you have no I
■' right to annex penalties or conditions to the ex- 1
ercise of it. Although I have no idea that it is
the intention of Congress to withhold from them,
at any time hereafter, these lands; yet read this
bill, and see if that is not the impression it may
make. At any rate, this is a great bonus offered
to them for immediate admission. This is calcu-
lated to take away from the submission the com-
plexion of fairness and equality; it is calculatedto
take away from it the mce of justice.
More than that: not only is this reward to ac-
company one vote that they may give, but there
is another consequence. This measure says to
the people of Kansas: " if you choose to take this,
Leeompton constitution, with all its imperfections
on its head; if you choose to silence all the com-
plaints and ail the denunciations which you have
made against it; if you choose to humiliate your-
selves as freemen by a confession of as much
baseness as that would imply, then, no matter
what your numbers are, we shall make no inquiry,
but come into the Union at once, with all the
dowry of land which we give our newly-admitted
and infant States; you shall come in at once to
the great family of sovereign States; you shall
come into the Senate of the United States; you
shall come Tnto the House of Representatives; and
you shall sit side by side with those great and
mighty States whieh achieved the Revolution, and
achieved the liberties which we here enjoy—come
in and share with us the crown and the scepter:
accept these grants with this consti tution, and you
shall do it instantly, and we will make no inquiry
as to your numbers. Only accept this constitu-
tion, and all these things are yours; but reject it,
and you shall not only not come in now as a sov-
ereign State, but we will inquire into your nuin-
beis, and you shall not come in now under any
form of constitution, nor shall you ever come in
under any fot in of constitution, until your popu-
lation shall amount to that number which is fixed
by the general law as the ratio of representation
throughout the country.
\ I"ie, ph\ are the benefits, and here are the pen-
alties that are to attend upon the vote to be given
in Kansas, is this a fair submission? Is it for
us—guardians, if of nothing else, of the political
moi ahty of the country—to put such a temptation
in the way of our people, those who are subject
to our laws, and must follow our bidding? If
these die unfair incumbrances upon the light of
suffrage, is it not wrong m us to place this great
fn'e principle under such trammels and incum-
branccsas we are now doing? So it seems to me;
and, m my opinion, those who consider it can-
didly will come to the same conclusion. If my
filends, who have be«n in favor of the Leeomp-
ton constitution, and especially those who have
been opposed to its submission to the people,
shall look candidly at it, they will see, not only
that the submission which they oppose has been
gianieil, but see that that submission, and the
vote which is to be given under it, are incum-
bcied by conditions, by trammels, and by temp-
i tations which ought not to be presented by us to
any portion of our people. Must not that be
then* conclusion ?
Mr. President, anxious as I am to see this sub-
ject entirely settled, and this Kansas volcano ex-
tinguished, closed up, filled up forever, I would
rather that these measures should uli fail, and
Kansas be left just wheie you found her, than
where this bill would place her. To do nothing
would phiee her where this bill would; but it
wonid place her there without this injurious and
unjust legislation on our part. This bill, if she
refuses to accept the Leeompton constitution, re-
; mus her to a territorial condition. She is now in
• a territorial condition. She will remain in it if
i no legislation be adopted by Congress. What
j good, then, is this to effect? Is not every gentle-
, man here morally certain that all these tenipta-
; tions will fail, and that this constitution will be
| rejected? I am peifectly certain that it will be
• n-jectul; she will be a Territory then, under the
| force of tins legislation. She is a Territory now;
j and she will continue to be a Territory if this bill
1 passes, and she rejects the constitution. Then
vhdt have we gained by it? Nothing; not a
straw; not the dust in the balance in which the
peace of the country is weighed.
Another and further distinction between the
House bill and this bill is, that the House bill pro-
vided, m case of the rejection of the Leeompton
constitution j an immediate remedy for that, by
