1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2839
knew as little about ships as I do, to accept
them.
The Senator from Vermont says these other
contractors have not as good ships as the Collins
ships. Everybody knows that that is not so. I
know personally that the statement is not correct..
The Vanderbilt is a larger ship and a stronger
ship than any of the Collins line, except the last
one that he built. The Secretary of the Navy or
the PostmasterGeneral cannot designate the ships
with which he shall carry the mails; but if he
offers them a ship that is as good as the contract
requires they are hound to take it. What will be
the test of the contract? A ship may be offered;
it may not be as good a one as the Atlantic or
Arctic, but it may be as good as the contract calls
for, and therefore they must send the mails by it.
I am trying to protect the Government against
collusion, not againstconflict. I do not know but
that these parties have colluded now. I have not
the least doubt that all these people understand
one another. I am struggling against collusion.
If they have colluded, why should Vanderbilt run
to Southampton for the postage when Colhnscan
get $387,000 for running to the same place ? Why
may not Collins, then, sel! his ships, sit down in
New York, and say to Vanderbilt, " I will give
you $230,000 and pocket $157,000 a year." That
is the plain, naked case. The Senator from Ver-
mont says the Postmaster General will protect us.
It is my duty, in the first place, to prevent collu-
sion, and prevent the country from being plund-
ered; to protect it bylaw as well as 1 can. I have
noticed that there never has been a head of a De-
partment strong enough to resist steamship con-
tracts. I have noticed them here with your Whig
pariy and your Democratic party for the last thir-
teen years, and I have never seen any head of a
Department strong enough to resist these influ-
ences. I do not know how it has happened.
They were all very honest men, as far as I know.
I never heard the least dishonesty charged on any
of them, and I am willing to say they were hon-
est men; but there has never been a head of the
Navy Department or of the Post Office Depart-
ment who has been able to resist these influences;
steamship contractors have been allowed to vary
their contracts to suit themselves. Thirteen years5
experience has taught me that whenever you al-
low the Post Office or the Navy Department to do
anything which is for the benefit of contractors,
you may consider that thing as done. I could
point to more than a dozen variations of contracts
where authority lias been given to those Depart-
ments—marked casijs.
1 recollect that when it was demonstrated, as
it was said by my friend fiom Florida [Mr. Mal-
lory] the other day, that the dry-docks you con-
structed were great failures and worth nothing,
you paid about two million dollars for building
one in California, because it-was referred to the
discretion of the Secretary of the Navy. I do
not believe in trusting to the heads of these De-
partments to protect us. Take the very case of
these steamships. A board of your naval officers
said that they were not built according to con-
tract; that they could not stand the fire of their
own batteries; that they would come to pieces
under the fire of one gun, and yet they were ac-
cepted by the Navy Department. The report of
your officers came before me officially when I was
a member of the Committee of Ways and Means
of the other House, showing these facts. Mr.
Collins has been able to get from the Depart-
ments whatever he wanted, and it seems to me he
has made Congress do whatever he asked them
to do besides. A million dollars a year is a power
that will be felt. For ten years it amounts to ten
millions of money, and J know it is felt, I know
it perverts legislation. I have seen its influence;
I have seen the public Treasury plundered by it.
Why then should we leave anything to discretion
which we can control by law? When the bill gets
into the Senate, if this vote be reconsidered, i
shall endeavor to limit it so that the contract shall
not be assigned, but shall be carried out by Mr.
Collins, and I have no doubt he would not give
his tavern bill here for your provision if you pass
it m that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Committee on Finance, to
strike out (< $230,000," and insert " the amount
of postages, ocean and inland, received by the
United States on the mails in and out by the ves-
sels employed in such service."
Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Iowa, Mr.
Harlan, and myself have paired off.
Mr. POLK. 1 have paired off with the Senator
from Rhode Island, Mr. Simmons.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have paired off with
the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. Dixon.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 18,
nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Mpsms. Brown, Clay, OJiitgman, Douglas, Fes-
<enden, Hamlin, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Jolnnon of
At kan-ui*-, Jolin^on of Tennessee. Maliory, Reid, Sebastian,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toomb*. Wade, and Yulee—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen. Bell. Bioilerick, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Ciatk, Collamer, Davis, Dooltttle. Foster, Gwm, lJnle,
Jones, Kennedy, Ma*on, Seward, Stuart, Wilson, ami
\Vii£|jt—]y.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TOOMBS. It seems we are doing very
important business here with only thirty-seven
Senators. I movethattheSenateadjourn. I think
it is shameful to attempt to carry on public busi-
ness with more than one thiid of our number
absent.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the adjournment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREEN. Although I paired off, it was
on a specific question. It was on the bill before
the Senate, and I claim the right to vote on the
adjournment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS— Mes^r*. Biglor, Brodonck. Clav, Chminidii,
Davis. Douglas, Gieen, Hammond, Houston, Jolm>on ot
Tennessee, Kcnm;dv, Mallorv, Ma^on, Pugli, and Toombs
—30.
NAYS-Mpfms. Allen. Bright. Brown, Cameron, Chand-
ler, CK-trk, Doolucle, Fe^enden, Fostot, Gwm, llul<\
Hamlin, Iiuntei, Johnson of Arkan.-a^, Jono. I'oik. Reid,
Sebastian, Sewaid, Stuait, Thomp-on of Kentucky, Wado,
Wilson, and Wnglit—24.
So the Senate refused to adjouin.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out the following clause:
"For contingencies m tho in.id soivice helvveen New
York and Europe, xl0}000.:^
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. An explanation is asked of
the amendment. I will state how I understand
it. The bill as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives, appropriated for the transportation
of mails from New Noik by these two lines,
$230,000, which, it was thought by the Depart-
ment, might be, or might not be, sufficient to se-
cure the mail service by these lines. The Depart-
ment recommended, and the House put into the
bill a provision for contingencies of mail service,
$120,000.
Mr. YULEE. I do not feel much solicitude
either way in respect to this amendment, or that
upon which we voted just now, for, at last, it is all
at the discretion of the Postmaster General, and
he may or may not use it; but I rise simply for
the purpose of protesting against what seems to
he an impression in the Senate, that the Post-
master General is bound by the amendment which
has just heen passed upon, and by this to employ
the same lines now in service. By no means at
all. The appropriation of $230,000 was asked for,
as he specifically states m his letter, as being the
probable amount of income from postages, anu
the $120,000 was asked for as a sum which he
might use or might not use at his pleasure, on this
route or upon any other route, in giving effect to
the plan of service at the cost of postages. Nov.',
although the action of the Senate may be an in-
timation that upon the route to Havre and Bre-
men it would be desirable to establish a line, it
does not at all commit him to employ the same
persons who are now employed, or to put out any
service at all, if he does not think it is advisable.
That, I think, is the view which the Postmaster
Geneial will take of the matter.
Mr. TOOMBS. I suppose that is the case with
the §230,000. The Post Oflice Department is
§5,000,000 in arrears; the Treasury is bankrupt;
we have agreed to $35,000,000 of loans at this ses-
sion; and,"in such a condition of things, with a
broken-down contractor getting §387,000 a year
now, we give $230,000 at the pleasure of the De-
partment to facilitate European intercourse; that
is what it is.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator misunderstands
me. I was- not advocating it. I say I am indif-
ferent about it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know.
Mr. YCJLEE. But I do not want the Post
Office Department to be understood as committed
to putting this service in operation.
Mr, TOOMBS. It was only to the measure
that I was objecting. 1 simply wanted the Sen-
ate to understand, and I desire it put on the rec-
ord, that I am unwilling, in the present conditioYi
of the country, to put $350,000 in anybody's
hands in this way. 1 believe I have as much con-
fidence in the Postmaster General as in any other
officer; but I say whatever can be regulated by
law ought not to be left to discretion. When i
am called upon to appropriate public money, un-
less it is a case in which I cannot regulate it by
law, I will leave.no discretion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to-suggest an-
other thing: as this item stands, it is a contin-
gency for the European mail service. It is not
applicable to this particular line merely; and to
vote it is simply putting $120,000 into the hands
of the Postmaster General to use as he pleases.
He may applyit to this line or not, just as he likes.
Mr. KING. I take it, in reference to that sug-
gestion, that we should not shut our eyes to the
fact that the simple object for which the clause is
put in here is to enable the Postmaster General to
pay an additional sum for this particular service.
That is the only reason why it is in the bill atall.
Mr. YULEE. No; the Postmaster General did
not ask for it with that view.
Mr. KING. I do not care what he asked for;
I say the object of putting it there was to make
up $350,000 to the Bremen and Havre line, and
the reason of putting in $120,000 here is to make
up the balance the postage does not pay. He has
not asked the money for any other purpose, and
does not want it for any other purpose, and there
is no use of talking about its being for any other
pur p5se.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is no reply to what
I say. That is talk about the object; but as it
stands in the bill, the clause is disconnected with
any object; it is for contingencies of the mail ser-
vice to Europe, and 1 say the Postmaster General
may use*it for pretty much anything he pleases.
Mr. SEWARD. It is for mail service between
New York and Europe.
Mr. KING. If what the Senator from Maine
says is so, the Postmaster General ought not to
have the money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say he ought not to
have it.
Mr. KING. I think that is a very good reason
why this appropriation should not be made. Our
committees should not draw our bills so that they
have no specific or definite purpose; but we should
know the purpose for which we appropriate
money.
Mr. POLK. I have paired off with the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island, Mr. Simmoxs. Other-
wise, I should vote " av" on this amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Mes>rs. Bell, I?icier, Bright, Bioderick, Brown,
Caniemn.Clark,Clay, Clingman, Fessenden, Foster, Hale,
H.unlm. Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Ivcrson, Johnson of
Arkan«a<, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Maliory,
Itod, Sebastian, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—30.
NAYS—Mes-r-<. Allen, Davis, DooJittle, Douglas, Jones,
3hu:on, Pngh, Seward, and Wright—9.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I believe that is the last of the
amendments of the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
Yes, sir.
Mr. YULEE. I now offer this amendment,
which was read before to the Senate:
- Jlnd he it farther enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, auihonzed to cause (he mails to be
uar>«ported between the United States and any foreign port
or potts by steamship; allowing and paying therefor, out of
any money m the Treasury not otheiwise appropriated, if
by an American vessel, the sea and United States inland
po-stace, and if by foreign vessel, the sea postage only, on
the mails so eonveyed: Provided, That the preference shall
always be giv in to an American over a foreign steamship,
when departing fioin the same port tor the same destination
within thieo dayt> of each other.
