185$.
THE CONGRESSIONAL Gh(MK
mm.
then you shall be admitted upon proclamation by
the President." In doing this the bill under con-
sideration has proceeded in precise conformity
with principle. What was the case of Iowa? She
offered herself for admission: with a constitution
republican in form, and with certain boundaries
which Congress changed. Congress admitted he*
upon condition that her people would consent to
that modification of boundary. Congress said the
assent was to be signified by a vote of the people,
and thus the precedent is precisely parallel with
the proposition that is now made; and Congress
declared that if they did assent by a vote of the
majority of the people, then the State should be
admitted into the Union on an equal footing with
the other States by proclamation of the President.
How was it with regard to Michigan ? The same
thing occurred. The same condition was imposed,
except that Congress said it should be referred to
a convention of the pedple that was to bec&Ued to
consider this one question only.
In regard to an ordinance claiming lands, I
know of but two cases in which changes were
made. One was in Arkansas, and the other in
California. In Arkansas, the State was admitted
upon the express condition that she should cede
the taxing power over the property of the United
States, and a change was made in the quantity of
lands'which she proposed to take in consideration
of that concession. The bill of admission was
passed on the 15th of June, and on the 23d of the
same month a supplemental act was passed sub-
mitting it to the Legislature of Arkansas, to say
whether they would accept certain propositions
—there were five of them, I believe—in consid-
eration of this concession of the right to tax the
property of the United States. Congress referred
it to the Legislature to determine; because, as
they said in the act, the power had been given
them by the convention which formed the con-
stitution; thus showing that, in the opinion of
Congress, the right to cede away the power to tax
any poruon of the property or lands iVithin its
domain was a right which belonged to sovereign-
ty, a right to be given by the same power which
made constitutions, and which created conven-
tions. It is obvious that if, in regard to bound-
ary, it required an act of the sovereign people,
either through their own vote, or through conven-
tions, or through Legislatures that had been spe-
cifically endowed with this power by the conven-
tion, to cede away the jurisdiction over certain
territory, it certainly would require it in order to
cede a particular portion of that jurisdiction; that
is to say,the right to tax.
Is not this practice fortified and supported by
reason ? Is not this conditional submission of the
ordinance—and nothing else is submitted—this
submission of a change in the terms of a contract
in regard to land, proper in itself? Suppose there
had been no controversy in regard, to tiie consti-
tution offered by Kansas; suppose it were ad-
mitted on all hands that the convention which as-
sembled at Lecompton was properly authorized;
that its proceedings were legal and valid; and sup-
pose this precise difference had arisen in regard
to the land, that they had demanded the twenty-
three million acres provided for in their ordinance,
and that we had thoughtproper to give not more
than the three or four millions which this prop-
osition of the committee of conference proposes
to £ive them: would it not have been said to be
perfectly fair and right and proper, and that it was
due to the State that we should ascertain whether
she would give her assent to tins change in the
contract ? Why, sir, it takes two parties to make
a contract, and it takes two to change it. Would
any one have objected; would not all have said
that perhaps it was the wisest way, because thus
we avoid the danger of the people meeting in con-
vention, and saying that they would not accept
this fundamental condition upon which they were
admitted? We avoid the danger of all the mischiefs
that would occur from the anarchy and confusion
which would arise if they were thus to assemble
and reject the condition—a danger which is the
greater in a troubled Territory, where us popula-
tion is disturbed and divided, than m ordinary
cases; form most cases it might be presumed with
safety that, in order to be admitted, the State
would acquiesce in the conditions which were pro-
posed. But, sir, it is a risk that would be run in
all such cases; and no one can say that it is not
only safer and better to pursue the precedents to
which I have referred, but that it is" right and
proper in itself, that it is due to the people of the'
State who ask admission.
Now, sir, I ask how can it be said that by this
act we submit the constitution ? We do no such
thing. We acknowledge the validity of the con-
stitution, and we say, in regard to this1 contract
which is offered to us,' i the terms are not accept-
able; we will not accept the terms you offer; but
we will accept others, naming them, and if you
choose to be admitted on them,you may." It is
true that in giving that vote for admission they
may be governed by other reasons than those
which relate merely to the proposition itself; but
is that any concern of ours? Can we look into
the human breast and search for motives ? Can
we prescribe what are to be the reasons which are
to govern the popular vote? By no means. All
that we have to do is to keep within the limits of
our powers, and to respect those of the States.
And what is it that we have affirmed in regard
to the submission of the constitution ? We have
never said that the people might not submit their
own constitution; we have never said that it was
improper to do so; what we have said is, that it
is a matter for the people themselves to determine;
that they must determine it either through the'
act which called the convention in to being, limiting
and defining its powers, or they must determine it
through their own convenlion; and we have said
that if they did not require the submission, Con-
gress could not require it of them, because that
was an act which belonged to the sovereign power
of the Slate itself. That is our doctrine. If, then,
we submit this proposition in regard to the mod-
ified contract, how do we depart from this doc-
trine? We do not say to them, " your constitu-
tion is unsatisfactory." We do not say to them, i
" you must have a popular vote on the constitu- j
tion." We do not say," we dispute the evidence
which you have presented according to the legal
form." On the contrary, we say, "we receive
it all; we acknowledge the authority of your con-
vention; we acknowledge the validity of your
constitution, and we acknowledge that we have
no power either to change that instrument or to
require you to pass upon it in any other form than
that which you have determined for yourselves;
but in regard to the contract that you propose to
us, we have the right to change that, and we sub-
mit it to you to say whether you will or will not
accept this modification which we propose of the'
contract." Is not that a fair statement of the case r
Is it not plain that we preserve our consistency
because we not only require no submission of the
constitution, but because we accept and acknowl-
edge it; we submit only what we have a right to
submit, and that is the change we make m the
contract that they propose to us.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Kentucky
objects that in doing this we are doing what is
unfair, because, he says, we accompany it with
another proposition; we say to the people of Kan-
sas: " If you will consent to this change, and de-
sire admission upon these terms, then we will
make you these grants of land; but if you do not,
you must remain m a territorial condition until
you have people enough to entitle you to one Rep-
resentative in Congress, and then only can you i
form a constitution, and come into the Union as j
a State." He says, in this way we offer them 1
a reward to accept one constitution, and we pro- >
pose to punish them m the event that they do not j
accept it. This is an entire mistake on the part j
of the Senator, and it arose from begging the |
question. We do not submit the constitution to j
tiie people at all. We say to them: 44 So fur as i
you have gone, you have proposed to come into \
tiie Union upon certain terms; you have presented j
us a constitution; you have also presented us an ;
ordinance which contains a contract in regard to j
the taxing power; we accept your constitution; .
we acknowledge that to be republican m form; but |
we do notaccept the ordinance. It, however, you j
choose to take a lesser quantity of land, we make j
you a grant which is liberal;" but which ought j
not to have been called excessive by the Senator j
from Kentucky, because 1 believe it is precisely j
the same grant which he proposed in his own :
amendment to iho Senate bill. How is it unequal.
and unfair? IIow is it that it is to be considered ;
as revengeful or fretful legislation, if we say to j
them," m the event that yon do not come in under j
this application which you yourselves have made 1
to us fbrt admission,-yqu> must remain- in a terri-
torial condition .until you hay^peoph enough-to.j
entitle you to one member, according tO:theratift>
of representation? He himself* in his/own-re-'
marks, gave the answer to it, . -
We maintain, as a general proposi&$ii' tbat;$Hef
people- of no Territory .ought t& ©je admiUed;as at
State until they have population enough for oae?
member of Congress. Does any one dispute thafc
principle ? Is it not evident upon itt face > But*
we say" in this case of Kansas—and. we are
cere in it, for we said it two years ago, in, the btif
offered by the Senator from Georgia—we will
waive these considerations, for the sake of th„$
peace of the- country, and in order to settle this
agitating question, provided you will come,inand
make a final disposition of the whole matter. If,,
however, you refuse to come in and make a final
disposition of the whole matter, the consideratioa
fails upon which we were willing to incur the mis-
chief of admitting a new State with an insufficient:
population. We can no longer attain that good.
The next best thing we can do for the peace of the*
country is to say to her, "you must be quiet until
you have1 people enough to entitle you to at least
one member before you enter the Union," Wo
thus at last put down these attempts at conven-
tions which may disturb and distract that people,
and introduce questions of discord and confusion
in Congress. We thus establish a sound general
principle, whose justice, I think, cannot be dis-
puted. In regard to the grants of land, it was not
necessary to say anything of them in the contin- •
gency of a rejection of our proposition, because it
is obvious that whenever the people of Kansas
comc in hereafter, if they should fail to come in
under this submission of the ordinance, they will
make their own propositions in regard to land,
and there is no doubt but that we shall deal with,
them as liberally as we have always done with
the new States. If they do not come m under this
constitution, and we cannot settle the question in
that way, is it not obvious that the nearest ap-
proach we can make to putting an end to these
agitations, is to say to them, ''you must remain
in your territorial condition until you have more
stability, more people, and give us at least a truce
and a breathing spell?"
How much better is that for the peace of thd
country than the proposition made by the
tor from Kentucky! In that event he thinks it
fair to allow these people to form a constitution
for themselves, and to require, when that consti-
tution is formed, that the President shall bring it
m upon proclamation; thus abdicating the consti-
tutional duty imposed upon Congress to see that
this instrument is republican in its character;
thus violating, as it seems to mc, in a most es-
sential particular, that great constitutional duty
which is imposed upon us to see, before a State
enters into the Confederacy, that its constitution
is republican m form. Why, sir, without this it
is impossible that we could carry out the guar-
antee of a republican form of government which is
imposed on us by the Constitution of the United
States. If we pursue that routine, we do not ad-
mit them until we know that they have a repub^
lican constitution; and if a changc is attempted
to be made, we can maintain the existing govern-
ment against any proposed change, if it should be
anti-republican. But if we admit it beforehand,
with an anti-repubiican constitution, on procla-
mation by the President, how can we ever after-
wards change it? Can we go in to impose agov-
ernment upon the people? Can we say what must
be a proper and republican form of government
to suit them ? That was never designed. AH that
was meant by the Constitution of the United
States, was that we should choose between one
government which we had acknowledged to he re-
publican, and another which might he attempted
to be substituted for it which was not republican
in its character. But we were not to choose be-
tween a government made by the people of the
State and one made by ourselves, but between
two governments, of which one at least had been
made by the people and acknowledged to be re-
publican.
After this, what becomes of the question of
frauds, which has been dwelt upon so kirgciv*
here? Is not such a proposition as that which
was contained in the second branch of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky an admission
that these questions of fraud are matters which
