132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
The! war of faces and of religions must be sup-
pressed Hitherto this has been the most prolific
source of the various miseries which have scourged
mankind; and in England, after centuries of wars
and carnage, the various races only harmonized,
aided by amalgamation and marriage, under one
of the most tyrannical Governments on the globe.
The problem is now to be solved here; and it is
to be seen \Vhether the result will be of the same
disastrous kind. It is to be determined whether
we can harmonize the races, and terminate the war
of religion and of nationalities, and secure, as the
result, the permanent fabric of a free Government.
I proclaim it here that the problem must be solved
in blood, if these bold and aggressive conspiracies
against the right of free suffrage are not arrested.
I trust, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that this inquiry
will go on, and that the attempt to interpose tech-
nical objecuons to prevent the redress of great
wrongs to personal freedom and the honor of the
House, will be repudiated as unworthy of the place
and the grave subject under consideration. Not
to act, not to inquire in such a case, is treason to
the rights of almost four millions of adopted citi-
zens; treason to the cause of equal rights; treason
to liberty and humanity.
[Heie the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, I desire to call
back the attention of the House to the report of
the Committee of Elections in regard to this case.
I shall not detain the House longer than for a few
moments. The clear and fair statement made by
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce.]
in regard to this case, places it, I think, in its right
position before the House.
What is this case ? This election took place on
the 4th of November, a month previous to the as-
sembling of Congress, and of course the sixty
days had not run out when the memorial was pre-
sented by Mr. Brooks to the committee for their
consideration, Nuw, Mr. Speaker, I object that
any gentleman upon this floor shall furnish us
with additional reasons other than the memorial-
ist himself has presented in regard to the determ-
ination of this case; and I ask the House, and
each member of it, to look to the reasons which
he himself has placed before the committee, and
to determine the case upon thorn, without refer-
ence to the political opinions of either party.
I will reau the reasons set up by Mr. Brooks in
his memorial presented to the House and to the
committee, why there should be a departure from
the law of 1851, and thatevidonceshould be taken
in the presence of the House, or in the city of
Baltimore, by a commission. What is the first
reason ?
" That the disgraceful proceedings charged by your me-
morialist implicate the authorities of Baltunoie as being
cither unwilling or unable to pius-ei ve the public peace ; and
it is upon tiio^e authentic--, that reliance i-. to be placed lor
inspiring the witnesses with that of personal security
indispensable to the proper investigation ot this ca^e, tor in-
suring then \)( isonul «atuty, and Uu presoivmg order during
the examination."
He charges that he is unable to proceed under
% the law of 1851 to take evidence in the city of
* Baltimore, because of the unwillingness of the city
authorities to allow that evidence to be taken. He
charges further, as a reason why there should be
a departure from the law of 1851, that no order
could be preserved to the authouties during the
examination of the witnesses. This is the charge.
What are the facts? This charge was fir3t pre-
sented in the case of Whyte against Harris, now
before the committee. The Committee of Elections
said, and I believe properly said, to these parties:
*' Take your evidence, if you can, under the law
of 1851. If you cannot take it under that law,
then we will grant you power sufficient to have it
taken," What was the result ? From the time
the notice was given in the city of Baltimore, on !
the part of Mr. Whyte, contesting the seat of Mr. j
Harris, up to this hour they have quietly pro-!
ceeded to take the testimony of every witness j
produced by either of them. And further, each ,
and every one of the public authorities of the city 1
of Baltimore has given to them every security.
No complaint has come before the committee; no
complaint has come before the House; no com-
plaint has originated before the public All the
investigation in that case has proceeded m accord- \
ance with the law of 1851, and the parties are now, ■
while you are considering this question, taking :
their evidence in that city according to the law of,
1851. Thus, there is a sufficient, ample, conclusive 1
answer to the first charge made by the gentleman
as a reason for a departure from the law of 1851.
Then, I say that the first reason alleged by Mr.
Brooks before the committee is not sufficient, be-
cause the evidence in the case of Whyte and
Harris is being taken in Baltimore quietly, and4n
accordance with the law of 1851.
The second reason is, that
1" But sixty days are allowed for evidence to be taken,
with the right of the contestee to cross-question and exam-
ine the witnesses; and the extensive nature of the con-
spiracy charged would prevent as full investigation as should
be had, unless conducted by a power competent to prevent
delays, which could not be as effectually done by any judge
or magistrate as by a committee of tins House with extraor-
dinary powers."
He says that the sixty days which are allowed
by the act of 1851, to take the evidence in the
case of contested elections, are not sufficient to
develop the conspiracy charged by him; but,
mark you, he is not confined to sixty days, for
in the law of 1851, you find the following lan-
guage:
u Provided, That the House may, at their discretion, al-
low supplemental evidence to be taken aftei theexpnation
of said mxty days."
Again, if the taking of this evidence had been
commenced, and had proceeded the full length of
sixty days, but still additional time was required
to take evidence, neither this House nor the com-
mittee would refuse that right to any individual,
much less to Mr. Brooks, contesting the right of
the sitting member.
Then, sir, what further? He was not only en-
titled to the full length of sixty days, but under
the law of 1851 he could take evidence beyond
sixty days, until every witness was sworn, and
that evidence produced which would enable this
House to determine, as between these parties,
which was entitled to a seat as Representative from
the city of Baltimore.
Again, 1 think, and a majority of the commit-
tee so agreed, that this law of 1851 is notimpera-
tive, that it is not binding; and that is a sufficient
answer to the position of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Phillips,] in regard to his
constitutional objection. We do not consider the
law of 1851 as imperative; but we do consider it
a good, safe, and proper rule to be adopted by the
House and by the committee in all contested-elec-
tion cases. But what now is asked? The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phillips] says
he wants a precedent set. Here is a popular re-
monstrance, he says; the party is not claiming a
scat, he is not asking admission into this body,
but the people are demanding an investigation,
and he wants a precedent set that the people may
have the right. And how? By a departure from
the law of 1851, bya special commission. Do so,
and what might, be the result? Possibly a me-
morial might come here from the city of Phila-
delphia; might come from the city of New York;
possibly from the city of Cincinnati; contesting
the election of members of this House. Would
the House upon any such memorial grant ex-
traordinary commissions in all those cases for the
purpose of taking evidence by which to determine
the legality of the election ? Suppose that it should
be charged that in the twentieth ward, or any
other ward of Philadelphia, a large number of
illegal votes had been cast; take for instance, the
gentleman's [Mr. Phillips] own district: would
the House therefore giant an extraordinary com-
mission, or would they say to the memorialists,
" bring the evidence forward as in other cases?
We will hear all you produce, and give you our
decision."
But it is contended that this case is different
from ordmai y contested-election cases. That here
no person claims the seat. That Mr. Brooks does
not claim it for himself, and that, therefore, a de-
parture from the law of 1851 is proper. That it
is a petition of the people, and therefore a com-
mission should be granted. I do not admit the
conclusion. It does not follow necessarily; on
the contrary, the rule is just opposite. I hold
m my hand the "contested-election cases," and I
will refer the House to a few cases, without read-
ing them.
You will find them on pages 38, 112, 127,135,
165, 224, 411, 504, and 516. All of them were
cases of contests by persons not cla.ming the seat
—contests by citizens themselves—and no extraor-
dinary commission was granted in one of those
Cases. What did the committee do ? They heard
the evidence produced by those persons, and upon
itdetermined the rightofthe parties, and when the
report of the committee was made to the House,
the House determined the right of the parties upon
the evidence so produced.
The fact, then, that Mr. Brooks does not claim
a right to a seat here, is no reason why an extraor-
dinary commission should be granted to him to
go to the city of Baltimore, or why he should ask
you to depart from the usual custom of the House,
or the law of 1851.
What is the third reason?
" Ten days' notice is required under the act of Congress
to be given to the contestee of the names and residences of
witnesses; and your inemoualist believes that many per-
sons whose testimony is important would b1© intimidated
and prevented from appearing."
Sir, the same answer may be given to this as to
the first—simply this: that witnesses are being
produced every day, and evidence heard every
day in the city of Baltimore in the election case
now undergoing investigation there. No one is
intimidated. The halls of the courts are open,
and all th% witnesses that the parties in the case
need are brought forth and sworn, and their tes-
timony placed on the record. These are all the
causes assigned by Mr. Brooks, and I object that
gentlemen shall make abetter case for Mr. Brooks
than he makes for himself. He places his objec-
tion to the law of 1851 on these three grounds,
each and all of which have been answered fully
and emphatically by the conduct of the city of
Baltimore and its officers, in the case of Harris
and Whyte. For this reason we say that there
should be no departure in this case from the law,
and we ask the House to determine the matter on
the facts presented by Mr. Brooks to the com-
mittee, and on none other. The majority of the
committee say that his reasons are insufficient,
and ask the House to inform Mr. Brooks that he
must proceed under the law of 1851—to tell him
that if that is not sufficient, when he has fully
tried it, to guard his rights, then come before the
committee and before the House and ask for a
commission and it will be given to him.
One word in answer to the honorable gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hatch.] He seems to
have mistaken the question before the House. He
argues it as a political question. He speaks for
the country to the prejudicesofparty. 1 have no
such appeal to make. The simple question for us
to decide is, who is the Representative of the city
of Baltimore ? How shall the investigation m this
case be made? By the law of Congress, or by a
departure from the law of Congress? It is not
a question of the political opinions of Mr. Davis
or the political opinions of Mr. Brooks. I do not
agree entirely with cither of the gentlemen, nor do
1 conceiveit necessary that I should in makingup
my judgment. But i say to that gentleman now
and here, that no attack of his can intimidate the
citizens of Baltimore or drive them from a manly
and determined advocacy of their political prin-
ciples. That Baltimore will in the future, as she
has already done in the past, protect her rights
and the rights of her citizens from all attacks, no
mattei where made, here or within her own limits.
This House may take its own course—order this
commission; invest it with extraordinary powers;
ay, even eject the pi'esent Representative; the
House may do all this; but when it has so deci-
ded, then, sir, then Baltimore will answer back,
vindicate her sovereignty from Monument square
to Fell's Point, with the same voice and the same
majority as on the 4th of November.
Mr. BOWIE. Mr. Speaker, I did not seek the
floor for the purpose of discussing the question
raised by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Hatch] in regard to the oaths and obligations of
the Know Nothing order. With that order and
their secret obligations I have nothing to do. Their
oaths are matters that belong to them, not to me.
I have no curiosity about them. The Republican
party, that has allied itself with the Know Noth-
ing party, plants itself on thegreat basis of popular
suffrage; but on the other hand the great national
Democratic party stands on a still higher and more
liberal principle—the principle of popular sover-
eignty.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land must confine hfmself to the question before
the House.
Mr. BOWIE. Certainly. That is the exordium
