1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2848
ritories and sparsely populated States. There
there is an obligation, a high obligation, and a
pressing necessity, a valuable interest. We ought
to extend to those people facilities of intelligence;
we ought to recognize them; we ought to encour-
age them. Bui, sir, as for our intercourse between
this country and others, from one great city to
another, intercourse commercial, we may expect
the reward of that service to take care of itself.
I think it mainly will do so; but as we are bound
by these contracts, as for the present we cannot
get clear of the obligation with Mr. Collins, I
should prefer the adoption of the amendment of
the Senator from Florida as the initiation of a
system which-1 hope we shall be able to practice
successfully hereafter; and, with the amendment
which he is preparing, I shall vote for its adoption.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I have but
a word or two to say. I am against the initiation
of this system, and against any further progress
in this matter. We have had the Collins line of
steamers, and it is said that now we cannot get
clear of them. The whole matter ought to have
been left to competition. We have paid subsidies
to the Collins steamers, and what benefit has re-
sulted to us from them? As the Senator from
Georgia said, they were to be convertible into war
st-eamers; but that was a failure. It is pretty sim-
ilar to that trans-Atlantic telegraph, that I believe
nobody, this session, has said anything about.
That, I am very much in hopes, has gone by the
board. Now you want to put on correlatively—
cumulatively, as lawyers say—another experi-
ment, and another system. I want them all to go
out. Let there be fair competition; let your let-
ters go by whatever ships will carry them. Give
neither this line, nor any other line, a subsidy;
and do not bind up the Postmaster General to
make expei irnents;and,as the Senator from Maine
has said, let us attend to our own inland postage
here in this country; do not be making experi-
ments between this line and that line and the other
line, at the rate of a few hundred thousand dollars
apiece. If you can do no better with the money,
use it in extending mail facilities to Utah, the outer
regions of Missouri, and the lost regions all over
the United States. As to inaugurating a new sys-
tem of experiments in ocean steameis, I have no
idea of doing it. We have tried it. It is a fail-
ure as to the vessels—a failure as to the service.
Now, if we start another one it may be a failure;
and I am opposed to it. I want a rasa tabula—the
whole thing Wiped out, and a new beginning. I
will not vote for this amendment, because I want
no more experiments of this sort.
I have great confidence in Mr. Aaron V. Brown,
my old friend, the Postmaster General; but I do
not think he has studied the matter of steamship
speed on the ocean. He is a clever, nice old gen-
tleman, from Tennessee; but get him to trading ;
with New York and Southampton sharpers, and j
I think he would make a bad job of it. [Laugh- '
ter.] Let the Collins line die; let them all go out.
While we are paying them, I would not give
others the postages, inland and ocean.' We want
those postages to give to the Post Office Depart-
ment here. That is an internal concern, and let
it be, if it can, a self-sustaining machine. Hold
on to that. Send your mail across to California
and Utah; send it anywhere; but this speculation
and experimenting with steamers will involve us |
in trouble and expense, as, from the beginning to j
the end, it has interminably done and ever will i;
do. The whole amount of it is, that it is a job j
by somebody to cheat Uncle Sam, and it results i
in nothing else.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator from Virginia has
prepared a proviso with which I am satisfied, and
which I think will be generally satisfactory:
Provided, That no contracts shall be made under the pro-
visions of this act for the same neivice on the same week .
for which E. K. Collins and others have contracted, during
the continuance of that engagement."
I offer that in lieu of the former proviso. I
modify my original amendment by the addition •
of this pi oviso.
Air. SEWARD. I wish to ask whether there !
can be any conflict between this and the Bremen !
line? ;
Mr. YULEE. There is no contract with the 1
Bremen line. They contracted during the last
\acation for only one year, which has expired, i
or is about expiring. j;
Mr. KING, Tlie arrangement, I understand,
is to provide, if possible, for a weekly mail, and
no more. That, I think, is very well, if we can
get it; and -that is the object of putting in the pro-
vision as to the^weeks of sailing, so that there shall
not be more than one for the week. The three
contracts we now have, provide for only two trips
in a month; and this will enable the Department
to obtain fifty-two a year—one a week.
Mr. SIMMONS. It speaks of the " same ser-
vice." Suppose the steamer is going to Bremen
or Southampton: I suppose you would call that
the same service.
Mr. HUNTER. The same service must be
between the same termini.
Mr. SIMMONS. I understand the Collins line
may" run to Southampton.
Mr. HUNTER. Then this would only apply
to a line from New York to Southampton, where
ever the Collins line ran.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Collins line goes to
Liverpool you may not send a steamer out the
same week to Liverpool.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not think that is right.
The amendment was agreed to; as follows:
And be U further enarfed, That the Postmaster General
he, and he is hereby, authorized to cause the mails t«- he
transported between the United States and any foieigri port
: or ports, by steame-hip. allowing and payingtherefor, out of
any money in the Tieasury not otheiwise appropriated, if
by an American vessel, the sea and United States inland
postage, and if by a foreign vessel, the sea postage only, on
the mails soeonveyed «• Provided, That the preference shall
always be given to an American over a foreign steamship
when departing from the same port for the same destination
within th*ee da^s of each othei.
And he it farther provided, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is heteby, directed to provide for and maintain,
if piacncahk'j at a co^t not to exceed, in any instance, the
sea and United States inland postage on the mails conveyed,
a weekly mail to and from ISuiope hv United States mail
packets, to alternate at regular intervals with the British
mail packets pi} in? between New York and Liverpool, and
Boston and Liveipool, the pieference to be given to such
line or lines of American steamships, Mutable in all respects
for the service, as shall offer the best permanent contract:
Pro tided, That no contract shall be made under the pro-
visions of this act for the came service on the same week
for which E. K. Collins and others have contiacted, dining
the continuance of that engagement.
Mr. PUGH. I want to ask the Senator from
Florida, if 1 understand his amendment, just
adopted, that the Amem-an lines, which he pro-
poses, are to run from New York and Boston to
Liverpool>
Mr. YULEE Those words are only descrip-
tive of the Cunarders, with which the alternation
is to be made.
Mr PUGM. I simply wanted that understood.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now offer, with a mod-
ification, at the suggestion of the Senator from
Florida, the amendment I referred to this morning:
And be it fmther enacted, That from and after the 30th
day of June, 18G0, a disciiunnatmg iate of postage of one
hundred pei centum additional, mav, in the discietion of
the Postmaster Geneial, be exacted upon all letters and
oiherm.nl matter, conveyed fom foreign countries to the
United States, by vessels sailing under foreign flag*, which
shall receive a governmental bonus as mail earners.
Sec: —. And.be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, required to abrogate any ex-
isting postal convention, with a foreign Government, ttie
stipulations ot which are calculated to prevent the execu-
tion of the precodmg provisions
I will only say that this does not interfere with
any American contracts. It takes effect only after
they have all' expired. There is but one line in
the world that it will interfere with, and that is a
line supported by the British Government, and
thereby getting an unfair advantage against our
own ships. My section of the country has no
inteiest m it because it is not engaged in this busi-
ness; but the commercial portion of the Union is
concerned. M y interest is merely that of a friend
of the American marine. I ask for the yeas and I
nays on the amendment. i
The yeas and nays were ordered. !
Mr. YULEE. I will siaiply suggest to the Sen-
ator whether he had not better reserve this issue
for a future time. Let us see how the new sys-
tem which we are inaugurating, or endeavoring to
inaugurate, will work, and then consider whether
it will be necessary to intervene for its protection.
I am afraid that a provision like this would be
looked upon as a defiance to retaliatory legisla-
tion. I think we had better let the matter go along
smoothly, and see hereafter whether it will be
necessary to adopt a different course than that
which is now being pursued of entire harmony m
the action of the two Governments in respect to
the management of their postal affairs.
[ Mr. CLINGMAN. I hear these suggestions
] with great pleasure, but our existing system will
; expire in less than two years. I3y making this
| movement now, there will be ample time to make
i an arrangement. We shall be able to effect an
i arrangement, I have no doubt, if we begin at this
| time, just as we did with the Denmark Sound
' dues, and just as we abolished the Tripoli trib-
! utes. Somebody must make a movement in this
' direction. If it is likely to work badly, there is
■ ample time to consider it. This is only a mode
of forcing on the British Government and'our own
some adjustment, and 1 hope it will be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to appeal to the
Senator from North Carolina to withdraw his
amendment for the present. It is perfectly evi-
dent, at least to my own mind, that the proposi-
tion is so novel that it is impossible forme to give
that consideration to it which would enable me to
vote understanding^ on it. Notice is now given
of what he means to do, and at some future time
it can be acted upon understandmgly. At pres-
ent, I must vote aeainst it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I offered it about three
weeks a^o, and had it referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. It has been
noticed in a good many of the papers; talked
about, I know, in the New York Herald, the
South, and other pressed; and I may say it does
not vary much from the proposition J moved
three times, in 1852,1853, and 1854, in the House
of Representatives, and which was voted down,
because they satd the period was far ahead when
the contiacts would expire. If Senators do not
choose to vote for it, they have a right to vote
against it. I hope wc shall have a vote.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to ask the Senator from
North Carolina one question • and that is, whether
his proposition does not conflict with the postal
treaty between the United States and England?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Not at all; because that
treaty provides that on one year's notice it may
be terminated; and this amendment instructs the
Postmaster General to give the notice. It is two
years from this time until it takes effect. It ex-
pressly instructs him, in the second clause, to
give the notice.
Mr. SIMMONS. I shall vote against this
proposition, because I think the previous votes
and the observations of the Senator from North
Carolina contemplate an entire abandonment on
the part of the United States of any participation
of this mail service.
Mr. CLINGMAN. By subsidies.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know what a sub-
sidy is, but I suppose it is a contract with a mail
steamship company. Then, after these two years
expire, we shall have no steamships of our own.
This business will be entirely in the hands of the
British; and, at that time, he proposes to double
the rates of postage. That is the practical effect
of his proposition.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Only on the subsidized
lines.
Mr. SIMMONS. They would like to have it
on the subsidized lines, because it would inure to
their benefit.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We shall have our lines
under this other amendment.
Mr. SIMMONS. You will have no lines under
any contract, and you cannot get any without a
contract, m my opinion.
Mr. TOOMBS. The proposition of the Sena-
tor from North Carolina is entirely misunderstood
by the Senator from Rhode Island. Our object is
to get back where we were before we commenced
this system. We aie tuld, as the last lingering
argument why we should put this charge on the
public Treasury, against seventy years' practice
of the Government, that England does so. The
honorable Senator from North Carolina tells us—
and I have no doubt it is true—that they begin to
see in England the Cunarders have been an un-
profitable investment; and I noticed in a late Lon-
don paper that the next largest line in the British
service—the one to Rio—was about to go into
liquidation. Government cannot keep them up;
it is impossible to do so. The greater subvention
you give them, if the Senator from Rhode Island
prefers that term, the more certainly you get into
the hands of jobbers, and not business men; and
that is the wholedifficulty. You may givef>350,000
to Mr. Collins, and Vanderbilt will run him off
the seas if you give him the postages; and that is
