7$4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Mr. BOWIE. Mr. Speaker, you do not know,
flaughter,] or rather you do not seem to perceive I
the application of my argument. The gentleman
{Mr. Davis] votes" for a thorough examination
into frauds connected with Kansas* and I say that
that is a question over which this Hoftse has no
jurisdiction. I defy him to show any jurisdic-
tion in the House over it. But now I have got a
case before me in which the House has jurisdic-
tion; and I mean to hold on to it. That is the
•difference—a wonderful difference. In the one
case we have no power, no jurisdiction. I say
so on the authority of the sitting member himself.
That brings Kansas into the discussion. I do not
care whether they determine their constitution
by blood and by cannon. I know that my own !
glorious Stare established herself in spite of all
difficulties, and that for three years a bloody war
was carried on within her borders. I have noth-
ing to do with border murders, or consternation,
or fire, or dangers, or difficulties, outside of my
own State. I only say to those who indulge in
them, keep them to yourselves. Virginia and
Maryland have gone through blood and war, and
now do you do the same thing. Whether I will
take part with you or not is another question. I
always go for peace and quietness, but forfighting
when necessary. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, my friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
Boyce,] whose particular attention I want, be-
cause I want his vote, says that he is perfectly
willing to extend the time provided by the act of
1351. I have shown him,as a State-nglus-Con-
stitution lawyer, that that law is itself an invasion !
of the privileges of the House,and worth nothing;
and that when Mr. Pinckncy Whytc's evidence
is all taken before the magistrate, Henry Winter
Davis, of this House, will advise them lhat they
are not bound to return it. Nor are they bound
to return it. I agree with him in that. The law
is totally defective. It punishes witnesses, and
imprisons them; but it does not impose any pen-
alty on State judges or on State magistrates who
are called upon to execute its orders. Itis totally
defective; and the defect can never be supplied,
unless you do what you have done in the bank-
rupt cases, and in the fugitive-alave-law cases,
execute its provisions by your own officers.
Now, in my own State, under the guidance of
Know Nothing doctrines, a law has passed the
lower House,and is now before the Senate, which
body, being composed in the same way, will pass
it, I suppose, making it a misdemeanor for a State
judge to naturalize any foreigner; and that in the
very facc of the act of 1795. Yes, sir, wherever
the Know Nothings have the power they will do
the same thing; but, thank God, they have got the
power in but one State; and that is my own dis-
franchised State. That is the reason why I plead
here tn-day that the House will come right up—all
sides and parties—and put down all this sort of
fraud and iniquity. Everybody knows that the
Constitution gave to Congress the power of estab-
lishing uniform rules of naturalization. Weil,
Congress never passed any uniform rules of natu-
ralization, but required the State courts to natu-
ralize foreigners. But suppose the Legislature of
a State passes a law, which says to the courts,
" you shall not do this;" then the question comes
up between the State powerand the Federal power.
Sir, the Know Nothing party of Maryland arc
a bloody party. Won by the siren songs of the
sitting member in this case, they are ready for a
street fight at any time. 1 will not say how they
hold their elections; but, at all events, they let
rvery native vote, and shut out all the foreign vo-
ters, Do you deny it? Dare you deny it? And
such men as that now appeal to us ! Sir, Robes-
pierre was a coward; yet Ilobeypierre counseled
death and destruction. You may be unlike him
lor aught I know.
" I have no spur
To prick the sides of my intent."
I counsel death and destruction only that it may
come back upon the head of the offender. Yes,
I tell you, you have a day of reckoning to come,
gentlemen, m the city of Baltimore. There will
be a war there, and it will be a war of the people
against clubs and mobs. I only hope that, in the
providence of God, I may live to counsel, advise,
and direct you. I will not advise anything which
i am not ready to take the foremost ranks in ex-
ecuting. You may be a Robespierre to counsel
death, but always absent yourself. I will put you
tmder rny foot. You shall not live an hour. There
is a day of reckoning for you. You must either
fight or escape it by flight, in your wickedness,
your malice, your malignity, your utter disregard
of all the rights of a great eity—yes, sir, a city
that ought to be, and I hope will be, the southern
emporium of this blessed and glorious Union.
Mr. Speaker, I speak only for the great De-
mocracy—yes, sir, the Democracy. Need I be
ashamed to avow it? Ay, sir, you may talk about
disregarding parties in this House; but you may
take off these hands, let this head fall from ray
shoulders, before I will do it. When the Democ-
racy in the city of Baltimore are disfranchised, it
will not do to taunt them with cowardice. Sir,
we will show you whether we are cowards, when
the proper time comes. We are a law-abiding
people. We have waited time after time, until
we have seen these thick clouds gather round us.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
said that the Democracy of Maryland want this
House to help them. It is a libel upon the De-
mocracy of Maryland. All we want you to do
is, to carry out the great principles of the Consti-
tution, and exercise the powers which the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Boyce] acknowl-
edges you have. Now, I submit to him, whether
it is not. better to go right along, and not delay ?
If not, time must be allowed to file a petition for
further time to take testimony, and to act on it;
and long delays will follow. Why, then, will it
not be better to go right along, and take the evi-
dence ourselves?
Mr. Speaker, I do not know what maybe the
result of this investigation. I know very well
that the city of Baltimore is now under Plug-Ugly
government and Know Nothing government. All
the police of the city are of the same stamp, and
God Almighty only knows what they will do.
They may allow the contestant to go on, and have
a sort of investigation; when the time comes they
will take the position which I doto-day: that the
law is unconstitutional, and they will notsend you
the evidence. I say, therefore, to gentlemen, if
they have any doubt whatever on this subject, do
not allow your adversaries to catch you; exer-
cise the power which this House possesses, and
do not put any confidence in these city officers. I
want you to tell me how, under tiie act of 1851,
you can compel these/nen to make their return to
the House* No constitutional lawyer can do it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Speaker,
I rise with a view to call the previous question;
but, before doing so, I will make a few remarks,
not extending at furthest beyond five minutes.
The gentleman frpmSouthCarohna [Mr.Boyce]
concluded the majority report from the Commit-
tee of Elections with the following resolution:
Resolrcd, That it i* inexpedient to grant the prayer of the
memorialist for the appointment of a committee to take tes-
timony.
And the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Phillips,] who submitted the minority report,
moves as an amendment to that, the following:
Resolved, Tluit the Committee of Elections have power
to cend tor persons and papers, and to examine witnesses
and evidence m the case or' the contested election of the
Hon. II. Winter David,from the fourth congiessionaldis-
triet of Maryland.
It cannot have cscaped the attention of the
House, that for the last two hours scarcely one
word has been said on the propositions directly
before it. The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Hatch,] forgetting the fact that the party to winch
he belongs now holds the control of the legisla-
tion of New York by an affiliation and coalition
with the Know Nothings and Americans; and
also forgetting that he himself holds a seat here by
a minority of votes of his district in consequence
of a diversion, got up for his benefit, on the part
of the American party, has seen fit to spend a
j large portion of his hour in denunciation of that
American party. I shall not follow his example,
! although, perhaps, in a strict party sense, I am
, as little of an American as he is. I do not think
there is any wise or safe foundation upon which
an American citizen can build except that of hu-
man rights; and I think that, the American citizen
will best servo his country who endeavors as well
as he may to enfranchise and elevate all men, no
matter what be their color, no matter what may
be their race, no matter m what climate or under
what sky they were born; that he will best serve
his country by doing all he can to prevent the op-
pression and degradation of any race. But I will
not dwell on this.
The question, it seems to me, for the House to
decide is, whether or not there is any power un-
der the law of 1851 to take the testimony neces-
sary to make out the case of the contestant's me-
morial? I think there is. I think that the law of
1851, though I hold it to be merely directory, pro-
vides for taking testimony under it. I believe
that any citizen of Baltimore, who is dissatisfied
with the result of the election,could go to work,
serve his noticc, and take testimony under that
law. It does not appear that that has been done.
There is no evidence offered to the committee or
to the House .that the contestant in this case may
not take testimony easily and readily. If this be
so,'why should we depart from the law ? Why
should we go outside of it and undertake to take
testimony in an extraordinary and unusual man-
ner? I have listened to the gentlemen who have
spoken, and I have heard no reason assigned to
satisfy me that there is any propriety in the
House departing from the law. The sixty days
within which testimony could be taken did not
commence until the latter part of December. The
contestant then might have proceeded to take this
testimony, and if, during its progress, it should
have appeared that he could not take it easily and
readily, he might have applied to the House; and
then, I have no doubt, the House would have pro-
vided for taking it. #
I can see no reason why the contestant cannot
take testimony under the laws. It is said that
it will involve him in expense, and it ia asked
whether he should pay the expense in an investi-
gation of this kind? Should the people of the
United States, or the people of the district directly
interested, meet this expense? If Mr. Brooks or
his friends are interested in ousting the sitting
member, why should they not take testimony at
their own expense? Is there any reason why
they should not? Has any reason been shown
why the United States should bear the burden of
the expense? I have seen none, and heard of
none.
Besides, how easy it would be, under the prop-
osition ofthegentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Phillips,] to evade the law. If it be right, then,
an individual who contests a seat has only to get
some friend to send in a memorial making a con-
test for lnm, and the House must order the testi-
mony to be taken at the expense of the Union,
and to be brought here outside of the law of 1851.
1 do not believe that there is any reason in this
ease for going outside of the law of 1851. A gen-
tleman representing another district in Baltimore
is at the present time there, taking testimony with-
out any molestation. This testimony should be
taken in the same way and under the act of 1851,
no matter whether the contestant claims the scat or
not. This was thought a just rule for all parties
to contests, for sitting members as well as all
others. Under it, parties are taking testimony
now, and at their own expense.
I call for the previous question.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw the call for the previous
question. I would like to have an opportunity
to make some remarks on this question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will with-
drawthe call for the previous question for nobody.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. ,
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 68, noes
95.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire, if I can get the
ear of the gentleman from Maine, to appeal to him
to withdraw his demand forthe previous question,
in order to allow the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Stewart] to make a speech if he desires to
do so.
Mr. BOYCE. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] is very anxious to address the
House upon this subject. Being detained from
the House to-day, he has not been able to do so.
I should be glad if the House would give him an
opportunity to do so to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, as
the previous question has been demanded.
The previous question was then seconded-—
ayes 95, noes 58.
