I82K)
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
egates; and, that, until they do that, you, cannot
tm wit them as a State, unless they have themselves
delegated that pow.er to their own convention.
Then, I ask, how came the Senate, to pass the.
original bill, by which they jumped over all ob-
jections of that kind? I. say this is a different
thing, and inconsistent with thai; bill in that re-
speet. But the truth is, all that amounted to
nothing, for the ordinance is no part of the con-
stitution, They claim certain grants of land. If
we receive them under their constitution, without
disclaiming the ordinance, we make the grants;
but the- bill passed by- the Senate provided that
they should be admitted on condition that the or-
dinance should be of no effect,,and further pro-
vided that nothing contained in the bill, should ex-
clude them from claiming what had been granted
to Minnesota, (which is what is now offered,) or
prevent Congress from making grants whenever
it chose. Was not that left right? I see no objec-
tion to that part of the bill; there never was any
objection made to that on this side of the Cham-
ber, I believe. Neither the people there nor any-
where else made any objection to it on that ground.
No, sir, this "is a mere device. There has never
been any issue of that kind made in any quarter,
by any man, or by any paper in Kansas, here,
®r elsewhere. It is altogether an afterthought, a
device cooked up for this occasion.
The honorable Senator from Virginia claims
that this very proposition does that which would
settle this controversy,as ho thinks. Well, then,
he must think they are going to adopt the Lecomp-
(on constitution, I suppose; but he hardly inti-
mates that. He hardly believes they will do that.
What then? It will leave Kansas in a territorial
condition, and then,he says, we shall have a guar-
antee, of peace,for three, four, five, or six years.
Wherein is thatguarantee of peace ? May not, and
will not, the same controversy continue in Kan-
sas as heretofore ? Shall we have taken any step to
cure it? Not at all. Will they not continue to call
conventions and ask foradmission into the Union
whenever they please? Certainly; but oh, it is
said we have provided here that they shall not
bn admitted until they have the proper number.
That, however, does not prevent Congress from
admitting them, nor prevent them from asking for
admission. Every borte of contention, every ap-
ple of discord, every point of difficulty winch has
ev.er agitated Kansas or the country on this sub-
ject, remains, and will renjain until they are ad-
mitted as a State. It is vam to suppose that we
 ro guing to localize the quarrel now any more
than we have succeeded in doing so heretofore.
The people of this Union, in all parts of it, par-
ticularly in the North and South, have taken too
deep an interest in the question involved, to per-
mit it to go on without their participating in it, in
interest at least. They will partake in it. Hence
this proposed bill will leave, and it does leave, at
any rate in one result, all the difliculti.es open to
perpetual agitation.
Mr. President, disguise this matter as we may,
there is one fact of which, I tlnnk, we must be
morally convinced: that the Lecompton consti-
tution is abhorrent to the views and feelings and
opinions of a large majority of the people of Kan-
sas. I doubt whether a man can be found who
Will question that fact. The very message which
the President of the United States has sent to us
on the subject, imports that. He says that the
people of Kansas were so strangely attached to
the Topeka constitution that it was of no use to
submit to them any other, for they would reject
it; and it was not submitted to the people because
it would be rejected. So it is in relation to the
action of the delegates to the convention who had
promised to submit the constitution to the people
and did not do so. After all, why was it that they
did no-t submit it to the people? Can any man
present any other possible reason, than because
they knew the constitution would be rejected ?
The vote which was taken on the 4th of January,
even if you count on the other side all the votes
given 011 the 21st of December, leaves no possi-
ble doubt about it. I suppose that all the people
in Kansas who desired to have the Lecompton
constitution, voted for it,^either with or without
slavery, on the 21st of December. Six thousand
votes were returned as having been cast on that
occasion. I do not think more than half of them
were really cast, but call it six thousand. I sup-
pose that about all the people of Kansas who de-
sired to reject that constitution altogether, voted
against it on the 4th of January—more than ten
thousand. Under these circumstances, can there
be any reasonable doubt, as to the views of the
people of Kansas? None at all. Yiewing it in
that light, I consider it altogether wrong to resort
to any contrivances, any devices, any expedients,
on the pqrt of Congress, to endeavor to get rid of
that expression of the will of the people, and to
fix upon them, in any way, a constitution that we
know they do not desire.
This proposition is subject to all the exceptions
I have made to it, and yet more. It proposes to
submit the question to the people of Kansas at
such a time, in such a form, and under such pe-
culiar circumstances, that we must see that it is
intended, at least it is well calculated and inge-
niously devised, to secure, if possible, the sue,
cess of the Lecompton constitution, whether the
people really desire it or not. Among the other
means which may be counted upon for possible
success in this vo te is the improbability of getting
the people to vote against a proposition for lands,
which proposition they like, because a constitu-
tion may follow. Is it not operating as a blind
on the people? " Here isa.fairand liberal prop-
osition of land to you; do you not like it?" Every
man may say, "I like it." Then comes the ques-
tion, "will you vote for it?" "No; 1 will not
vote for it, because I will have to tak,e such a con-
stitution with it." Is it to be expected that every
man in Kansas will understand that? Is not the
very manner in which the question is presented
to him calculated to disguise the real question,
and to delude him?
Again, we know that that people have been
harassed and dragooned, and continued under all
sorts of violent oppressions which the forms ol'
law would allow, for many years in succession.
I need not go over the story of the violence and
the wrongs which they have suffered; but they
have suffered, and that long and severely. They
very much need repose. Now you propose to
them that they may have repose. How? If they
will take slavery. Otherwise they are to have no
repose, no security, but are to be subjected to a
still longer continuance of their sufferings, and
to endure longer tribulation.
In the next place, it may be counted that they
will vote for it, because all those who desire the
places of Senators and Representatives and Gov-
ernors and secretaries and treasurers and other
offices, all those who hope for and have some
reasonable expectation of succeeding in obtaining
some of these offices, desire to get Kansas in a
State form as soon as possible. You will have
all that weight to obtain a particular skveholding
constitution, though it is not the constitution the
people desiie. Besides, you have the assistance
of the territorial officers appointed by the Execu-
tive. They well know what the ruling majority
here desire to effect. They know that they desire
to effect the adoption of the Lecompton constitu-
tion. That is perfectly understood by the Gov-
ernor, the Secretary, the marshal, the district
attorney, the land officers, and all the other officers
of this Government in the Territory of Kansas.
All their aid is to be counted upon. That would
not be so if it were submitted to the people to
make such a constitution as they desired. That
would be an entirely different effect, and then the
action and influence of these officers might be
entirely neutralized.
Further, instead of saying to the people of Kan-
sas, "you may settle this question by forming
such a constitution as you want," this proposi-
tion gives them no such opportunity. It is so
framed as to present to the world this view: " the
majority m Congress have always desired to have
this matter settled, but the Kansas people want to
keep it up, and the Abolitionists try to make them
keep.it up. Now, we have offered to let them make
a State constitution if they please; that is, to take
the Lecompton constitution; but they have coolly
rejected it." This being done, it may be argued,
" can we not say to the whole world, do you not
see that it is the Kansas people that try to keep
the question open; they would not adopt the con-
stitution we offered them;" and they must incur
displeasure and prejudice for trying to keep the
question open, when you have given them no op-
portunity fairly to close it.
There is another consideration to which this
proposition addresses itself, calculated to give it |{
success. The people of Kansas have been told
by the Executive of the United States that, if they"'
would only get to be a State, especially if they
would get to be a slave State, it would be the
shortest and quickest road to obtain a free State,
because they have the right any day to alter the
constitution, and can do it immediately. The1
President told them so. The report of the Com-:
mittee on Territories, who presented the bilp
passed by the Senate, substantially indorsed the'
same doctrine; and gentlemen here say it is con-:
tained in the Lecompton constitution, although*'
that constitution provides for one mode of amend-*
ment, which mode is, that it may be amended after.
1864, by a two-thirds majority in both Houses of *
the Legislature, and then submitting the amend-
ment to the people—an impracticable mode.
Now, the people of Kansas are to be presented
with this question, in the form of which I have
spoken, under this sort of assurance. I have na
doubt that it is expected, certainly it is very well
calculated, to induce that people to vote for the
constitution; and, indeed, in arecently published:
letter of Governor Robinson, he says, that if there
was no doubt as to how the certificates would be
given to the officers chosen at the election which
has already taken place, he thinks it would bd
well even to have the Lecompton constitution put
on them, because they would,have the controlling
power; and he says that people are fatigued with'
their long political agitation, and in need of rest,
and desirous of going about their industrial pur-
suits. Is not this whole proposition well calcu-
lated to secure a vote of that long oppressed peo-
ple, desirous of peace, even for what'they do n6t
want? The truth is, it addresses them on motives"
of that kind. If they follow it, they will certainly
be deluded. Just so sure as the Lecompton con-
stitution is put into effect and operation, it will
not be altered and amended. If they attempt to
amend it immediately upon its being put into op-
eration by the action of the newly-elected Legisla-
ture, the Governor would veto the act. The free-
State people have not got two thirds of the Legis-
lature, and they are not to have it anyhow. The
attempt toamend the constitution will be stopped;
but if it were to go on, whenever that resolves it-
self into a judicial question, as it may at any time,
and is presented to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, it will no doubt be decided that the peo-
ple cannot alter their constitution contrary to the
provisions of that constitution. It will beheld
that it is a sort of national compact by which "peo-
ple have come into the government of the major-
ity on that condition, and being thus in the nature
of a compact, it is incapable of being changed, ex-
cept agreeably to the terms of the compact itself.
They will be deluded in that; and I suppose, in-
deed I know, that this is weil calculated to delude
them. Whether it will do so effectually, time
must determine.
I have very little hesitation in saying that, what-
ever may take place, if this question of accepting
the land grants is presented to the people under
this bill, rely upon it, Mr. President—1 speak
merely from the lessons which the history of
Kansas has taught rhe—a majority will be re-
turned in favor of accepting the land grants. I
say that a majority will be returned for it in all
human probabii^y, whatever the actual votes
maybe. I do not agree with the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, that tile result will be other-
wise, and that the proposition will be rejected. .1
do not say that I do not believe a majority of tho
people will vote against it; but 1 say the returns
will show a majority the other way; and when I
say that, I speak merely from the lessons taught
me by the history of Kansas itself.
There is another matter that equally bears on
this proposition, and addresses itself to us on this
occasion. An election lias been held under the
Lecompton'constitution; and if the people accept
these land grants with this condition, of course,
then, I take it, they are to abide by that election.
Now, can anybody tell me what is the result of
that election? Docs not the final and ultimate
determination of it rest with a certain Mr. Cal-
houn to-day? Is it not altogether within his
hands and under his control? Most unquestion-
ably it is. If the people do as they n'.fcy do un-
der this proposition, and as it is calculated to
have them do—accept the Lecompton constitu-
tion under the belief that the certificates of elec-
tion are to be actually issued to a majority of the
