1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2845
General to make one with the assent of the par-
ties; and I do not know that that is a great inter-
ference, both sides agreeing.
Mr. TOOMBS. Both sides agreeing!
Mr. SIMMONS. H is an alteration, if both
choose to make it; and if it is a benefit to both of
them, I want to know who will be hurt? But
here is the inauguration of a new policy. The
Senator from North Carolina three of four times,
as an illustration of wliathe calls a subsidy, talks
about our getting rid of the Sound dues, and wants
to know if we did not inaugurate a new system
there. I am ashamed of the method by which we
got rid of them. We made a point on them, and
then paid tribute. That is the way we got out
of the Sound dues; and 1 am afraid it will turn
out so with this postal arrangement. At any
rate, when we undertake to make a system, 1
should like to have a little more than a night to
make it in, and take it deliberately, and see if any
better system can be devised, as this certainly has
gone along thus far. Now, in regard to this double I
postage, I should like to know if that is a good j
way ? if it is according to the present notions of
the age to tax your own people double in order to
bring somebody else to your terms?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman will see,
though, thatif we are running other lines, as will ;
be done under the proposition of the Senator from
Florida, those lines will get the letters. That is
the advantage in it. No man will send a letter
by a line on which the postage is double, when !
he can send it for single postage.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the Senator had done
much business he would know that if he had any
mercantile transactions with England he could
not lose a mail. People must send their letters;
they will send them by the British steamers, and
then be taxed double, under the Senator's scheme.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is the very reason I have
given against the Treasury of the United States
paying for the letters of gentlemen. You make
those who do not write pay the expense of what
is of so much importance to' the writers that they
cannot wait a mail.
Mr, SIMMONS. I do not suppose that in the
original making of this contract, the Congress of
the United States had any idea of taxing the Treas-
ury for the benefit of individuals.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir, they had.
Mr. SIMMONS. That was the argument when
we reduced the postage to five cents. Why do
you not let the mail contractors have the postage
between here and Baltimore, and set up a team m
opposition to the general mail arrangements of
this country' I think the worst policy in the world
for the small ports in this country is to let the
mail steamers take what postage they can get, in-
land and ocean. There is but one port can un-
dertake that competition, and that is New York.
I should like to know if every steamer that sails
from New York would not have a double stipend
over any other port in the country. It would
carry three fourths of all the letters certainly. I
do not mean to go into this question, but here we
are. at the heel of the session, and there is no pos-
sibility of this taking effect until two years, and
why shall we undertake to investigate a question
so delicate and difficult as this in the evening, two
years before it has got to take place ? Next winter
would be time enough, 1 think.
Mr. SEWARD. I cannot but think that the
whole effect of this proposition will be to double
the rates of ocep.n postage between this country
and Gieat Britain. After two years the proposi-
tion is that we shall raise the postage on letters
brought by British carriers double, and in return
the British Government will double the rates of
postage on letters we carry to them; and then we
shall have double the present tax upon knowl-
edge, and upon the commerce of business and
affection. That is all; and when we have done
that, I suppose we shall somehow or other con-
trive how to get back again and bring it down to
the cheap rates of postage; and my opinion is that
the lower the rates of postage the greater advant-
age to this country as well as to Europe, especi-
ally to this country. However, this is a crude
idea. We have yet two years to consider the mat-
ter, and it is well we have it before us m time for
the country to consider it, in time for statesmen
and publicists, both in this country and in Europe,
to consider it. When brought up then, I shall
be prepared to give an intelligent vote. I am not
prepared now, and if required to vote, I shall vote
against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 3]; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, Brown, Clingman, Fitzpatrick,
Green, Houston, Polk, Pugh, Reid, Shdell. and Toombs—
11.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Bpnjamin, Burler, Brod-
erick, Chandler, Coliamer, Dixon, Doohttie, Fessenden,
Fitch, Foot, Foster, Gwin, Hamlin. Hailan, Hunter, Iver-
son, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Peaice, Se-
bastians i^ewaid, Simmons, Stuart, Thomson of New Jer-
sey, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—3i.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. I move to strike out the following
clause:
" For transportation of the mails from Panama to Califor-
nia and Oregon, and back, $3i8,350; "
And in lieu of it, to insert:
For transportation ot the mails from Panama to California
and Oregon, and hack, until the cxpiiation of the present
contract with the Pacific Mail ^tcam^Inp Conip.im, in Oc-
tober next, $85,000; and tne Po-mnaMri O'lieral whereby
directed to contract with Albeit G. Sloo for the transporta-
tion of the mails after that period, trom New Oi leans to San
Francisco, by the Tehuantopec loutc, at a compensation
not exceeding the income from postages on the mail mattei
so transited, and to modify the contiact made with the
said Albert G. Sloo, under the fourth section of the net en-
tiled '-An act providing for the building and equipment of
four naval steamships," appioved March 3. 1817. on Mich
teims a* may be piaetieable, in conformity with the altera-
tion of the service and the distance.
In offering this amendment, my object is to see
whether there is any period of time at which we
can come to what Senators declare to be the piin-
ciple they intend to adopt in future. Here is a
contract about to expire within a few months from
this time, and yet the bill, as it now stands, pro-
ceeds sub silentio upon the idea of a continuance
of that contract. At the same time, the route by
way of Tehuantepec is theoniy route that is pro-
tected by treaty; it is the only route that is se-
cured. You have an absolute power, under the
Gadsden treaty, to intervene for the protection of
that route. You have sought it in vain from the
Governments of Nicaragua and New Granada in
regard to the other isthmus routes. The treaties
which have been negotiated with them have not
been ratified, so far as we know. You are pre-
vented from any efficient control of those routes
by the miserable Claytou-Bulwer contrivance that
continues m force.
Now, shall we proceed to carry the mail fur-
ther than it is necessary to be carried, through a
route over which you can extend no protection,
for the simple purpose of continuing these sub-
sidies, or subventions of which Senators have
spoken? There are two or three of these con-
tracts, first from New York and New Orleans to
Chagres; then across the isthmus to Panama;
then the contract of the Pacific Mail Company
from Panama to San Francisco. The contract for
carrying the mail from New Yoik and New Or-
leans to Chagres I understand expires next year.
The contract for carrying the mail from Panama
to,San Francisco expires in October next. If that
contract on the Pacific be not continued, you have
it in your power to compel the contractor on this
side to reduce the distance which he carries the
mail, and to reduce the amount of subsidy; and
you are payingan enormous sum—whatever they
choose to ask—to the Panama railroad.
On the other hand, by the treaty negotiated in
1854, the Mexican Government agreed with you
for the protection of a given route, and authorized
you to interfere by your own force to protect it
whenever she failed to protect it. You have tried
to get that same privilege from Nicaragua and
New Granada during the past twelve months.
Two treaties were signed, called the Cass-Herran
and Cass-Yrissari treaties; but instead of ratify-
ing them, and having them sent back to us for
action, they have been doctored and tampered
with and withheld, and the time of Congress and
the time of the country frittered away, and they
are not back now at the end of the session, and
what for? Is it to keep open the confusion, and
compel you to carry your mails to California and
Oregon by way of the Isthmus of Panama?
I propose to cut it off, if the Senate will come
to the question; I propose to pay these gentlemen
to the end of their contract; and then I propose
to say to the parties named in the grant ratified
by your treaty? or to whoever else may have the
legal tifle, " if you will carry this mail for the in-
come of the postages to San Francisco, you shall
have the contract." I cut off the subsidy; and it
follows at once—and that is the effect of tfce last
clause of my amendment—that the assignees of
the Sloo line, or Sloo himself, having the contract
to carry the mail from New York and New Or-
leans to Chagres, will be compelled to modify his
contract,,and to reduce the amount you pay him
as compensation, because he will then carry the
mail to Tehuantepec instead of Chagres. Thus,
it will result in an absolute saving to the Govern-
ment; it will inaugurate the system of which Sen-
ators have spoken, of substituting the income
from postages instead of subsidy; and it will not
only dispense with the subsidy on the Pacific
coast, but it will reduce the subsidy, for a year or
more, on the Atlanticcontract. Thar,atall events,
is the purpose I hope to accomplish.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. As I cannot get that, I move to
amend the section, by inserting the first sentence
of the proposition; and on that I ask the yeas and
nays. What I propose now is to insert:
For the transportation of the mails from Panama to Cal-
ifornia and Oiegon, and back, until the expiration of the
present contract of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
in October next, $85,000.
Mr. SEWARD. Is that a distinct proposition ?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. Does it strike out anything
in the bill ?
Mr. PUGH'. Those three lines which I before
moved to strike out. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. It appears to me that this
amendment provides just this: for carrying the
mails from Panama to California and Oregon, and
back, until October next. Itsustains the existing
arrangement until that time; and, after that, leaves
us without any provision for carrying any mails,
or for paying for them, and makes no substitute,
but just strikes out of existence that very import-
ant communication'between the Atlantic ana Pa-
cific coast.
Mr PUGH. I will state the object of offering
the amendment in its present form. Here is a
contract about to expire. I wish to test the sen-
timents of the Senate upon the question whether
this contivect shall be continued by general words
of legislation, or whether it shall be ended. If the
Senate carry the amendment, then I shall myself
draw up, if no other Senator does, a proposition
for continuing the service during the rest of the
fiscal year; but I wish to test the question whether
this mail contract shall cease or be renewed; and
I wish to strip it of any other question as to other
parties. It is a simple proposition whether that
contract, on the day of its expiration, shall cease,
or be renewed.
Mr. SEWARD. It seems to me that the
amendment, as presented by the honorable Sen-
ator, does not propose any such test whatever. It
only proposes that until October next we shall
pay for the service5 and, of course, that we shall
have it; but after that, we shall not have any ser-
vice at all, because we pay nothing at all.
Mr. PUGH. We shall have another clause
pur in.
Mr, SEWARD. That is another affair.
Mr. WILSON. It appears to me that this is
purely a domestic matter, not a foreign one; and
I agree with the Senator from Ohio, that we ought
to provide for fulfilling the contract, and we ought
, then to see if we cannot get this mail carried
cheaper. But why strike out this provision?
1 Why notputhisainendmentin the form of paying
| this amount of money until October, and then
j make a new contract, for a less sum if we can?
] Cannot the Senator put it in that form?
: Mr. PUGH. I will explain to the Senator from
j Massachusetts why I did not do so. My judg-
| ment was, that it was better for the United States
I to abandon .that route, which I thought was ex-
; posed to a great many troubles, and 1 was under
the apprehension that the first amendment I offered
i had been rejected by the Senate, because they dis-
i liked the other branch as an alternative, some for
' one reason, some for another; and I do not wish
i to cumber the first proposition by any. argument
| arising out of the last. If the Senate decide that
i the contract with the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
! pany shall not be renewed in terms, that we shall
i pay up to the expiration of the contract, and then
i make a new arrangement, it is open to every Sen-
