1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
its
Mr. WARREN moved that the House do now
adjourn; and called for tellers on that motion.
Tellers weie ordered; and Messrs. Warren
and Dea>j wore appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 64, noes 80.
Mr. WARREN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The main question was then ordered to be
put.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Pending which, on motion of Mr. Bocock, (at
four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 17, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. W. Pinckney.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in pursuance of law, a statement of the
expenditures from the appropriation for the con-
tingent expenses of the military establishment;;
winch was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the peti- '
(ion of theMayorand Council oft he city of Omaha,
Nebraska Territory, praying for the reimburse-
ment of money expended by them upon the Cap-
itol building in thatT^rritory; which was referred
to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of Marga-
ret McGuire, praying for a continuance of her
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
tensions.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citizens
of New York, praying that the public lands may
be laid out in. farms, or lots of limited size, for
the free and exclusive use ofactual settlers; which
was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of citi-
zens of New York and New Jersey, praying that
the public lands may be laid out in farms, or lots
of limited size, for the free and exclusive use of
actual settlers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WADE piesented the petition of L. Lyens
and others, citizens of the United States, praying
that land may be granted in quarter sections to
actual settlers in the proposed Territory of Ari-
zona; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Healso presented a petition of citizens of Hop-
kinsville, Ohio, praying that the policy of the
United States, m respect to the public domain,
may be so changed as to secure the public lands
to the use of actual settlers only; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PEARCE presented additional evidence in
support of the claim of Charles West to a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SEIDELL presented the petition of Marie
Genand,sole heirofJohn Hudry,deceased,pray-
ing the reimbursement of money advanced and ex-
pended in 1814 and 1815, by said Hudry, during
the defense of New Orleans; which was referred,
with the papers on file, to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and Militia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Michigan, instructing the Sen-
ators and requesting the Representatives of that
State in Congress to use all proper means to pre-
vent the further extension of slavery in the Ter-
ritories of the United States, or the admission of
any more slave States into the Union, and to op-
pose the admission of Kansas into the Union as
a State under the Lecompton constitution, or any
constitution maintaining slavery therein; which
was ordeied to he on the table, and be pi in ted.
Mr. JONES presented five petitions of citizens
of Iowa, praying for a grant of land to the Mc-
Gregor, St. Peters, and Missouri River Railroad
Company; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BfGLER, it was
Ordered. That the petition of John Grayson, on the files
of the Senate, be refeircd to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Joseph Nock, on the files
of the Senaie, he referred to the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office.
reports op committees.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of R. S. Hamilton and J. E. L. Hamilton, heirs
of Persis Locke, widow of Josiah Locke, sub-
mitted an adverse report;
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the me-
mos ial of the National Institution for the promo-
tion of science, at Washington City, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Healso,from the same committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of the Provident Associa-
tion of Clerks, reported a bill (S. No. 151) further
to amend the act entitled " An act to incorporate
4he Provident Association of Clerks in the civil
Departments of the Government of the United
States, in the District of Columbia;'' which was
read and passed to a second reading.
Mr."MALLORY,from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Joshua D.Todd, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 153) for the relief of Lieutenant
Joshua D. Todd, United States Navy. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of William P. Car-
rington,submitted a report accompanied by a Gill
(53. No. 154) for the relief of William P. Carring-
ton, passed assistant surgeon in the Navy of the
United States. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Healso, from the same committee,to whom was
referred the petition of Robert Carter, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 155) for 1
the relief of Robert Carter, passed assistant sur-
geon, in the Navy of the United States. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Robert Morns, submitted ,
an adverse report. i
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Claims, to ,
whom was referred the memorial of Joshua Shaw, j
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. i
156) for the relief of JoshuaShaw, of Bordcntown, j
New Jersey. The bill was read, and passed to a j
second reacting; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
bills introduced.
Mr. PEARCE asked, and by unanimous con-
sentobtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 152)
to incorporate the Washington National Monu-
ment Society; which was read twice by ils title,
and referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. POLK asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 157) to
provide for the payment to the State of Missouri
of two per centum of the net proceeds of the sales
of public lands therein, heretofore received under
a compact with said State; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
he Lands.
shelton's island.
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; winch was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, tf not mrnmpatihle with the public intciest*, to
cause to be furnished to the Senate all the eoirespondenee,
papers, and documents on file in the Department of State,
m original or copy, in the case oi Pluio S. Shelden and
Samp>on and Tappan, lespeetms kt Shelton's" or Ave*"
Islam!, not nerttofore fiu'nijshed by said Department to the
Venule.
mexican protectorate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that the resolution
| which I offered yesterday, in relation to the estab-
j lishmentofan eificient protectorate by the United
! States over the States of Mexico, Nicaragua,
j Costa Rica, Guatemala, Honduras, and San Sal-
| vador, be now taken up, with a view to its refer-
! ence to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred,
if there be no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to hear the resolution
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows;
Wherea?, the events connected with the numerous efforts
of the people of Mexico, and of Central America, of this
continent, to establish and maintain order and good govern-
ment, since their separation from the mothei country, have
so far resulted in failure and consequent anarchy, and de-
monstrated to the world the inability of said people to effect
an object alike so desuabie and so indispensable to their
welfare and prosperity : Therefore,
Resolved) That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into and report to the Senate upon the
expediency of the Government of tiie United States de-
claring and maintaining an efficient protectorate over the
States of Mexico, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Hon-
duras, and San Salvador, in such form and to such an
ex-rent as shall be necessary to secure to the people of said
States the blessings of good and stable republican govern-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the resolution
be taken up for consideration.
The motion to take up the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I do not rise for the purpose
of opposing the reference of this resolution, fori
have no special objection at any time to refer res-
olutions of any description to committees, for the
purpose ofinvestigation; but I should like, before
it goes to the committee, as this is a resolution
of a most extraordinary character, that the hon-
orable Senator from Texas, who has introduced
it, shall explain to us what he wishes to attain by
it. It seems to me that this resolution, which
declares that nations with which we are at peace
have failed in their own government since they
have been independent nations, and that there-
fore we should extend over them a protectorate,
and assume to govern them, is certainly a most ex-
traordinary one. Whatever may be its object, or
its purpose, it really seems to me thatitis intend-
ed to encourage that spirit of filibustering which
has disgraced this country in the face ofthe Chris-
tian and civilized world. Instead of repressing
the tendency of such enterprises, I think it will
encourage that very spirit which I understood the
honorable Senator from Texas the other day to
denounce on this floor, in regard to Walker and
Nicaragua.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe it is unusual, in a
ease of this kind, to object to the reference of res-
olutions.
Mr. WADE. I will ask the Senator from
Texas whether this resolution does not "instruct"
the committee? and therefore its adoption by the
Senate becomes necessary before it can go to the
committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. It instructs them to report,
hut not in any particular way.
Mr. WADE. It instructs them to make an
inquiry.
Mr. HOUSTON. To inquire into and report.
Mr. SEWARD. Let it be read once more.
The Secretary again read the preamble and res-
olution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, as I hay*,
remarked, it is, I believe, unusual, at this stage
of business, to object to a resolution of inquiry.
This resolution lays down to the committee no
particular course of conduct to pursue. In the
first place, we are aware that the people of the
regions referred to are not in a very settled and
regulated condition; and supposing that the sources
of information would be open to the committee,
I have offered this resolution, instructing them to
inquire into the causes of the evils in those Gov-
ernments,and, if they thought proper, to suggest
a remedy. With these views I have proposed to
refer it to them; but they are not bound by it to
recommend a remedy. They aresimply instructed
to ascertain the cause of the evils, and by their re-
port impart to the nation very useful information.
It was not with a view of eliciting opposition that
the resolution was introduced, nor did i expect
any. I supposed the committee the most compe-
tent to attain the object for which it was intended.
I am sorry that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts has supposed that it was my object, or that
this resolution could have a tendency, to foster
the filibustering spirit that is abroad in the land.
The very opposite was my belief and my inten-
tion. I have always denounced fillibusterism,
when upon individual enterprise such schemes
were conducted; and I shall never cease to do it.
But, sir, we are aware that these people, for a
