•I8S8.
THE COMC^KESSIONAaL GLOME.
representatives of the free-'State people, they will
certainly be deluded.
I have attempted to show that all these motives
and purposes are presented, by the arrangement
of this bill calculated not to carry into effect the
true wishes of the people of Kansas, but to frus-
trate and evade them, and obtain, in point of fact,
from these motives and considerations, a vote of
that people, by which they shall take upon them-
selves this slave cdnstitution, abhorrent to their
feelings.
Mr. President, I do not wish to detain the Sen-
ate longer. I have stated the reasons why, in my
view, we cannot vote for this bill that is now pre-
sented here, whenever it shall come up properly,
proposed by the committee of conference. It is
utterly inconsistent with all the views we have
entertained,and utterlvinconsistent with thevotes
we have given in relation to the House amend-
ment. I do not know but that, if it be presented
to them, the people of Kansas will manifest a con-
tinuance of the virtue and endurance they have
heretofore displayed, by which they will disre-
gard all the motives anu inducements here held
out to them, hold on their way, and go on endur-
ing even unto the end, rejecting this proposition.
"It is possible that such may be the result of their
discernment and their virtue; but I think we have
little reason to expect that such will be the result.
Certain I am,that none of these gentlemen who
contrived this bill, and devised the form in which
it is presented, expect to have any such result.
At least a strong hope is entertained that it will
secure the purposes for which it is designed by
these contrivances—secure succcss to the Lc-
compton constitution, whether the people desire
it or not.
Yiewingitin this light,regarding itin thisview,
it seems to me that the thing itself, in its charac-
ter and in all its aspects, is utterly inconsistent
with that conduct which becomes an American
Senate—the Congress of agreat people, whose con-
duct should be distinguished for directness, for
frankness, for justness, for fairness, not for cun-
ning and device. Sir, 1 think, if we intend to se-
cure the confidence and command the respect of
the people of this great and discerning nation,
lovers of justice as they are, we shall reject this
proposition.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have but very
little to say on this matter, and I shall not detain i
the Senate long. What I shall say relates simply
to a single feature of the proposition now before
us. In the outset, let me remark that I have heard
in the discussions on this floor and in the country
a great deal said about the equality of the States.
A great deal has been said about certain encroach-
ments that have been made on the doctrine of the
equality of the States, and new measures and new
propositions have constantly been resorted to of
late for the purpose of producing that very desir-
able result which all seem to aim at—equality of
the States. It was said that the Missouri com-
promise was repealed in order to produce that
equality. Various measures that have marked
our national history of late have been aimed pro-
fessedly at an equality of the States.
Now, sir, this bill reported by the committee
of conference, or this amendment, or this propo-
sition, or this whatever you may call it—for it
seemed to be uncertain yesterday what it was,
whether it was a proposition of it self, or an amend-
ment to something else—appears to me to be ut-
terly, entirely, and totally at war with any idea of ;
State equality, and for that reason I am opposed
to it. 1 am opposed to it for many reasons, but
that is the only one on which I propose to say any-
thing this afternoon, because other points have
been presented and discussed and elaborated at
great length, and as has been well said, I suppose
the country and the Senate understand them;and
if they do not understand them, I am not going
to undertake at this time to enlighten them.
The history of the Territory of Kansas has
been peculiarly unfortunate, and the people of
that Territory have been peculiarly unfortunate [
in the relations which they have sustained to the ]
Executive, who ought to be the common pro- j
tector and guardian of the rights of all. In the j
message which Mr. Buchanan transmitted to us |
not long ago—I have sent to the document room j
for a copy of it, and lam told it cannot be found; i
but I remember his proposition—he look this very j
curious ground: that if the people of Kansas stayed i
away from the polls and did not vote, they were
guilty of rebellion; and he elaborated at some con-
siderable length the idea that by refraining from
voting, the free-State men in that Territory were
guilty of rebellion. Well, sir, in the progress of
affairs, it so happened that on a certain occasion
they did go to the polls, and that, instead of being
rebellion, was servility, because while the Presi-
dent arraigned them for rebellion for not voting,
when they did come and vote for the purpose of
protecting themselves against the consequences
of the measures that he was endeavoring to force
upon them, the President said it was the most
solemn recognition that could possibly be made
of the authority of that very constitution against
which, at the moment they voted, they remon-
strated.
Well, sir, whatis the bill which we have before
us? It is now to admit them; but the prelimi-
nary of a popular election is first to be had. I
appeal to every gentleman on the other side of
the Chamber, who said so much in favor of re-
storing peace and quiet in Kansas, and who was
unwilling to subject that people to the contingen-
cies of another popular election, how he can rec-
oncile it with what he has heretofore said to vote
for this proposition, which subjects them to the
contingencies of a popular election, just exactly
as much as did the proposition that was submit-
ted by the honorable Senator from Kentucky, and
which came back to us in the bill of the House
of Representatives ? All the expense, all the de-
lay, ail the excitement, all the agitation that were
to be produced 111 the country by the proposition
submitted by the Senator from Kentucky, are now
taken by the majority of the Senate as readily as
if they had never said a word against them; and
it is to that proposition that I desire to say a few
words.
In regard to the question whether Kansas is
fit to be admitted, I will read an extract from a
speech made upon the floor of the Senate, on the
21st of March, by an honorable Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Polk.] He said:
" Aie tiiore any good reasons why \vs should not admit
Kansa--? I f bo j wlj.il an* llicv ? -lias bhe not lhc requisite
population? All concede that *lie lias. Noone riihesail
objection on tliio ground."
I do not know that that statement was contro-
verted. It was then laid down upon the other
side of the House, and not controverted on this,
and alleged to be universally admitted to be true,
that Kansas had a population sufficient to entitle
her to admission into the Union as one of the
States. Sow, I am going to advance this propo-
sition; it may sound extravagant to you, sir, and
it may sound extravagant to some other ears; but
I contend that if Kansas has population enough
to qualify her for admission into the Union as a
slave State, she has enough to qualify her for ad-
mission as a free State, if there is anything in the
doctrine of equality of States.
What docs this bill propose to do ? It proposes
to submit a certain question to the people; but lot
us see how it leaves them. Mr. Buchanan, in his
message to us says that Kansas now, in the pius-
ent time, is as much a slave State as Georgia or
South Carolina. She is that now, without any-
thing more being done; that is, taking Mr. Buch-
anan as authority. You propose, fhe.n, to submit
this question to her, whether she will take certain
lands, and the lands which you propose to give
her, according to an estimate which has been pre-
pared, as I understand, at the General Land Of-
fice, amount in value to nearly five million dollars.
This bill, in substance, says'to Kansas, " if you
will come into the Union as a slave State we will
give you land worth $5,000,000." This is the
proposition which the General Government of the
United States makes: " if you will come into the
Union as a slave State, with the Lecompton con-
stitution, we are ready to give a premium of five
millions for a slave State; but if, on the other
hand, you prefer not to come in as a slave State,
you must stay out; and what then? You must
stay out a slave State; because you are a slave State
as much as Georgia or South Carolina before you
come in; and if we take you in, you will only be
a slave State in the Union; and if you stay out
you will be a slave State out of the Union." By
no possibility, under the proposition which is
submitted here, can Kansas become a free State.
Besides that, you virtually say to her, " if you
do not chooso to conxc in as a slave State you shisll
have'no land,-and you shallnotcome in- at all ;"
that is, we Will not propose any legislation by
which you may come in until you have enough
population to entitle vou to admission under the
proportion or ratio which is established under tire
census for choosing-RepreserrtativcS'to Congress.
That is the simple proposition—to take the public
land or the public Treasury of the whole country
and hold up five millions as a bribe, telling Katisas
if she will come in a State she way take theiiVe
millions, provided she comes in a slave State,Mid
if she stays out she shall have nothing; and more
than that, your enabling act, by which you offer
to her to come into the Union when she gets the
Federal numbers that will entitle her to a mem-
ber on the floor of the other House, says nothing
about land. She may-come-in then landless. If
she comes in now, she comes in with the-five mil-
lions. If she stays away now, she cannot come
in at all until she gets the Federal population en-
titling her to come in, and then she comes in with-
out any land.
Sir, I do not know how this strikes other gen-
tlemen; but to me, it sounds as one of the most
profligate propositions that could ever be submit-
ted. 1 do not know how it may strike the north-
ern ear; but it seems to me that if there is ever a
time comingwhen this question, that has agitated
our eountry so long, will culminate and "come to
a crisis, it must be when the Federal Government
has reached such a pitch that it offers a premium
of five millions for the admission of a slave State,
i and keeps free States out altogether. It.seems to
! mo that it will not do for any of us, after this, to
j talk about equality of States. Where is equality,
I where is justice, where is right, when that is the
1 law which is administered from this Federal Cap-
1 ltol to one of our Territories asking admission
into the Union ?
Equality of States I Sir, I have heard a great
deal said about it, and I have heard a great deal
said, too, about another phrase which I believe,
historically, has grown into popular use since I
had the honor of a seat in the Federal Congress,
which is now not quite sixteen years ago, and
that is " northern aggression." It has become a
popular and cant phrase—one of very frequent
use; but I believe,historically, " northern aggres-
sion" is a bantling not yet sixteen years old, and ,
when it was first mentioned, and for years after,
upon this floor, it excited nothing but a smile of
derision and contempt. Northern aggression!
Why, sir, what chance has there been for north-
em aggression ? Did not the honorable Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Hammond] tell you
that all history could never blot it out, that the
slaveholders had ruled this country? and did he
not tell you how they ruled it ? And, sir, he made
i no idle boasts; he told notlnngbut the truth in that
! respect. Have you not had censtatitly in the Ex-
1 ec.uu.vc chair, almost uninterruptedly, a southern
i man for President? and when you have not had
i a southern man, yqu have had almost always,
j with infinitely slight exceptions, what is worse—
1 a northern mail with southern principles. I in-
| finitely prefer a southern man to one of them; I
j would now rather take the honorable Senator from
! South Carolina for President than the man we
have got; and I will tell you why: when a gener-
ous thought came into his heart he would not be
afraid to let it out for fear it might betray the sin-
cerity with which he was acting. For that reason
I would prefer a southern man to a northern man
with southern principles.
But when such has been the history of the coun-
try, the undemed history of the country for more
than sixty years, how perfectly idle and ridicu-
lous is it to talk about northern aggressions? No,
i sir; of all the measures of this Government that
: were ever passed, there never was one, in my mind,
■ so well calculated to challenge the unqualified con-
i demnation of every northern man, no matter what
! his politics, of every man from a free State, as this
, proposition, which virtually puts the bail of this
! Government oil every Territory seeking to coma
i into tin; Uivon as a State, unless she comes in as
| a slave State.
j It is for this reason, to say nothing about a
i great many others that might he suggested, that
I 1 record my vote now, and would record my vote
j under any circumstances, against the admission
: of Kansas into the Union under such a state ot
thuigs a? this. It is no matter to me what the
consequences may be—not the slightest. Itseenis
