m
T11 COHGHISMOHAL GLOBE.
February 17.
omrter pf a century, | think, or near th*t time,
have been making experiments to establish a Gov-
srMBent similar to our own. They have invari-
ably failed. It has brought wretchedness on the
community, If they had great grievances to en-
dure under the despotism of Spain, they are cer-
tainly more intolerable now than they were then.
Every description of crime runs riot there; they
%avs no stable government; there is no founda-
fioPs.on which to build up human happiness or
national institutions, yet laid, after all the experi-
ments that have been made; and it does seem to
TOC that it is due to the enlightenment of the pres-
ent day that this subject should claim the atten-
tion of the civilized world.
This resolution is not offered with a view to ex-
tending our dominion, but with a view of improv-
ing our neighborhood. These people are con-
tiguous to us; our commerce has connection with
tlTem; and our political relations necessarily have
been and will be further extended to them. Their
defenseless situation is well calculated to invite
aggression from other nations, or from individuals
■who, either from vicious or enterprising consider-
ations, see proper to invade them. They are not
in a condition to defend themselves. The want
of organization, the want of regulated govern-
ment, the want of power, the existence of dis-
traction amongst them,are all calculated to invite-
aggression; so that it is due to humanity that the
situation of these people should be considered by
the great community of nations. I cannot con-
ceive that the course suggested in the resolution
•will be at all detrimental to their future peace or
well-being. I do not urge it as a necessary meas-
ure. but I throw it out as a subject of considera-
tion for the age and for the world.
If this nation throws its eye over those coun-
tries, I cannot conceive that that will induce in-
-dividuals to invade them. When it is seen that
.this nation has its eye on those people, that item-
braces all within the scope of its vision, they will
be les3 encouraged to set on foot individual enter-
prises for the accomplishment of an object which
they know the Government could achieve, and
that they must be subservient to its views, and
notindulge their personal enterprises and desires.
So, sir, 1 think it is calculated rather to restrain
aggression by individual enterprises, than to en-
courage them.
It is with these views that I offer the resolution.
A much more enlarged view than this might be
taken of the subject if it were necessary. We
have relations with these people. We must have
an eye to them. Thecountry 011 the Pacific coast
of the United States has a right to command our
consideration. The facilities of communication
with our Pacific possessions being through these
regions, must necessarily be protected by this
Government at all hazards, until we have a direct:
transit within our own territory. We have the ;
means of doing this, and we are traitors to our- j
selves if we do not use them. If it were an in-,
iliction of wrong, or an aggravation of the mis- j
fortunes of these people, 1 should scorn to do it
on account of their helpless condition; but I wish J
to build them up as a powerful people, whose na- I
t-ional prosperity shall be based upon virtue and
regulated government. Our connection with them
and our interests as their neighbor, require us to
take their condition into consideration. -
For these reasons, I wish an inquiry made by
the appiopriate committee as to what may be
proper to be done touching these matters. Other
nations have an eye to these people, but. we are
their neighbors, and we ought to make them our
friends. If a Power foieign to them is to control
them and to wield theirdestiny, let it be the Power
of the United States, and not of any transatlantic
Government; let it be the Power in geographical
affiliation with them, and immediately connected
•with them.
I did not intend to make any remarks on the
subject; indeed I did not anticipate that there
would be any necessity for them. I hope the res-
olution will be referred to the Committee on For- ,
cign Relations. ,j
Mr. MASON. I certainly do not entertain, and
therefore do not intend, the least discourtesy to ;
the honorable Senator who has moved this reso- ;
lution, nor the slightest disrespect for the object,
of the resolution coming from that Senator; but; j
X submit to the Senate, that if it involves a sub- ;i
ject of inquiry which, in the judgment of the u
Senate, ought not to be inquired into, the refer-
ence should not be made.
The first objection to it which I entertain, and
one of the weakest kind, or rather weaker than
others that belong to it, is, that if this proposition
were to be entertained by a reference to a stand-
ing committee, it would be received, and justly
received, by the South American States as an in-
dignity to them; for however weak and feeble
those 'States may be, we have recognized all of
them, five in number, as sovereign and independ-
ent States; recognized them as equals, and they
stand as equals before the world.
Mr. SEWARD. We have treaties with them.
Mr. MASON. We have treaties with some of
them. It would be justly taken by those States
as an indignity, if the Senate were to go into an
inquiry whether the United States would extend
to them a protection which they have not asked.
The second objection to the resolution is that it
involves a policy on the part of this Government
that I apprehend very few are ready even to con-
sider—the policy of taking any of those distant
States under the protection of the United States.
It is a policy that, for one, I should be exceedingly
reluctant even to inquire into.
Then I would say to the honorable Senator, that
although those States have certainly exhibited
weakness, that weakness has only been shown
in the case of two of them, the States of Nicara-
gua and Costa Rica, because of the single.fact,
according to my belief, that one or both of those
States—one certainly, the State of Nicaragua—
possess the most desirable transit route across the
isthmus to connect the two oceans, and that transit
route has become the great object of cupidity that
leads depredators upon them. It is my decid-
ed impression that it is nothing but the wealth
and value of that transit route across Nicaragua,
and by the means of Lake Nicaragua, which has
tempted the predatory expeditions that have from
time to time left our shores—a temptation of cu-
pidity only. They have exhibited weakness;
Nicaragua certainly has; they are feeble; they are
constantly having domestic broils among them-
selves, which they seem to be unable to quiet; but
in the other States of Guatemala, Sail Salvador,
and Honduras, I am not at all aware that they
require protection; certainly, they have never
asked it.
I think, therefore, that it would not only be a
departure,and a very gricvousdeparture,from the
general'policy of the country, but it would be an
indignity offered to those Stptes even to entertain
the proposition. I mean 110 discourtesy at all to
the honorable Senator, or to his resolution, in
the motion that I shall make—unless gentlemen
wish to discuss it—merely to test the sense of the
Senate on the reference, to lay it on the table.
Mr. HALE. I wish to offer an amendment.
JMr. HOUSTON. I hope the motion will not
be made.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to say a word on it.
Mr. MASON. I shall not make the motion
now, but will make it after a while.
Mr. HALE. I simply desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
And whereas, a state of colonial dependency b not cal-
culated to illu-ir.ue the theory ami practice of popular sov-
ereignty and peil'cct I'innktm, paid committee 1; instructed
to extend tile «m«! mqumes to the Canadas, and tile other
Druis-li possession* 011 our continent. [Laughter.]
Mr. TOOMBS. It is not the appropriate time
now, on this motion of inquiry, to discuss our
tropical policy, though I very much concur in the
resolution proposed by the Senator from Texas,
and I shall give it my support. I think the time
has come for us at least to inquire into that ques-
tion; it will soon be upon us. Mexico and trop-
ical America are worse than Turkey was said to
bo by the Emperor Nicholas—they are all sick
men; they are 111 the very last agonies of political
dissolution. Their fate is a question very much
affecting our interests. It is a question in which
there will be a policy of the people of this coun-
try, however the Government or its more imme-
diate representatives in this Hall may attempt to
evade it or avoid it: and I think it would be well
that the Senate should at least take into consider-
ation the very critical condition of Central Amer-
ica, and our southern neighbors generally.
So far as I am concerned, Iain prepared to adopt
a national policy towards those countries, one
which I think becomes our position 011 this con-
tinent. Idesire to have an American policy there,
irrespective of any views of Great Britain, and
more especially a policy opposed to the Clay ton-
Buhver treaty. But, as 1 before stated, I wish
simply to announce this fact, and not to discuss the
question. I hope the resolution of the Senator from
Texas will be referred to the appropriate commit-
tee, of which my friend from Virginia is chair-
man, and that a report will be made upon it. I
think it is time we should take the matter into
consideration. The time for action is not distant,
and therefore the time for consideration is not too
long.
Mr. GWIN. It seems to me, after the an-
nouncement made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foieign Relations, that my friend from
Texas had better have a select committee. He
proposes to send his resolution to a cornmittee,
the chairman of which announces opposition to it
in advance.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no wish to incur
further imputations of filibustering myself, and I
should be unwilling to move for a select commit-
tee on this occasion; and particularly I should dis-
like to be chairman of such a committee. I have
presented this resolution with a view to coming
events, which cast their shadows before. The
subjects involved in the resolution have almost
become tangible. There is not a single one of
the States referred to that has not, within my re-
collection, undergone one or more revolutions.
Their Governments are unsettled; they are arbi-
trary and despotic so long as a party can hold
power—until oppression has ceased to sustain
them, and the people rise en masse against them
without intelligence sufficient to construct a Gov-
ernment of permanency which can give protection
to individuals.
At this very time it is announced through the
intelligence of the day, that the recent President
and Dictator of Mexico is upon our soil at New
Orleans. How many mutations has that Govern-
ment undergone within the last twenty-five or
twenty-eight years ? I presume not less than that
number of changes. 1 think about twenty-five
revolutions, at least,must have occurred in Mex-
ico during that period. At this time, there is no
probability of any permanent Government being
established there, or in the other countries referred
to in the resolution. If the weakness of the people
of Central America, and the circumstances of the
existence of the transit route there, have given rise
to the fillibustering spirit that is in our community
and among our people, it would be a legitimate
subject for the committee to inquire into the causes
of ll, and to suggest a remedy. I should be per-
fectly willing to submit it to the impartiality and
intelligence of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. From my knowledge of its chairman, I
am satisfied that his familiarity with constitu-
tional law—but that would not be a question that
would arise, I presume—and international law,
would enable him to make a report that would be
satisfactory. Something must be done, and that
time is coming when it will be very necessary to
take into consideration the condition of these peo-
ple, there is no doubt; for, instead of becoming
nationalized, they are every day becoming more
denationalized and demoralized in their condition.
Intelligence is gradually fading away or becoming
impaired among them. We should not wait for
events to rush upon us, and become embodied in
a formidable shape: but it is the duty of states-
men through prescience to look to contingencies,
and to be prepared for them when they come upon
us.
It is not from a disposition to overreach the ne-
cessities of our country, that this resolution is
offered; but it is to contemplate them while they
aie distant, so that when they approach us we
may be ready to grapple with them, if difficulties
should arise, and to control them. The day is
coming when an influence, which is now in the
East, must pass off to the West and South, and
control and enlighten these people. It is as inev-
itable as that the Indian tribes have faded before
the majesty of the Anglo-American morale. When
they have all faded away, the natural consequence
will be, that a weaker race will bo brought in con-
tact with us, and the stionger mustprevail. These
people will have to yield to the dominant spirit of
the American people. The structure of our institu-
tions, their moral, their physical, and all their
powers, indicate a controlling; influence that at
