mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL UhOMM-
April 27.
-will count their votes aright. I am willing to ven-
ture that-people, with ail the skill in weaving nets
■for their destruction that you can devise, provided
•at last you leave them to be counted according to
■their numbers, and make fair, and not John Cal-
houn'returns.
Mr, GREEN. Mr. President, I do not desire
to protract this discussion; but such broad, harsh,
;a d unfair denunciations have been .made upon
the report by the Opposition, that I may be per-
mitted to say a very few <wo d s in reply. Though
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] chooses to
-denounce the Executives corrupt, if he consid-
ers it-even gentlemanly, I do not. I must be ;per-
mitted to say that in the action of the present
Executive, whilst I may approve or disapprove
of his judgment on many points, I have seen noth-
ing corrupt and sordid, nor has any other Sena-
tor; and 1 dare him to name the instance. When
he undertakes thus to characterize him, he be-
comes aslandererupon the executive officerof this
Government.
Now, a word on the facts before the Senate.
The Senator from Kentucky says that the Presi-
id«nt's friends have abandoned Lecompton. That
is not true. They stand precisely upon Lecomp-
ton as they always stood upon Lecompton, and
the written report shows it. How he can feel jus-
tified in malting such a statement to the Senate is
to me most extraordinary indeed. Still he made
it—he made it as matter of judgment, I presume.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman
allow me ?
Mr. GREEN. I will forbear.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman states,
with peculiar emphasis, that certainly does not
belong to the occasion, that it is not true.
Mr. GREEN. It is not.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. _ 1 say it is true, what I
said. Every word of it is true. I did not say
simply what the gentleman represents me as hav-
ing said. I stated the abandonment of the Le-
compton constitution to consist in the abandon-
ment of" it as an absolute constitution to go with
an absolute admission. That was what was con-
tended for hero. I should have been guilty of
self-contradiction, if I had said what the gentle-
man imputes to me. What I meant by the aban-
donment, and a meaning that could not fail to be
inferred from what I said, was that I spoke of the
abandonment of it as an absolute instrument to be
imposed on the people of Kansas without refer-
ence to their wishes. That is all I meant, I as-
eure the gentleman now, at any rate; and that,, I
think, is all I said before.
Mr. GREEN. I understood the gentleman be-
fore,and understand hirn now,and as heexplains
it it is all the same. The friends of Lecompton
then said it was a complete instrument-legally
adopted, and they yet say so; and there is no
abandonment of it even in the sense in which he
now makes the assertion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. All 1 know is—and if
there is anything in that that concerns the gentle-
man's purpose he is welcome to it—that it was
contended here that this was a perfect and com-
plete instrument, and that Kansas ought to be ad-
mitted on the basis of it, and admitted absolutely.
Now I say that that is the position which is aban-
doned.
Mr. GREEN. I understood the Senator before,
and he may amend his position forty times, as a
Kentucky climber would, but it makes no differ-
ence to me. Sir, I understand that the friends of
Lecompton from the beginning have said 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. May I ask the gentle-
man a question, with his permission ?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not wish to have
any misunderstanding.
Mr. GRREN. Not a bit of it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He says as a Ken-
tucky . I did not hear the word exactly.
Mr. GREEN, Climber—that climbs up, you
know.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is the word ?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is a phrase I do not
understand; and I presume the gentleman uses it
without any particular or specific meaning what-
ever attached to it.
Mr. GREEN. I will explain if the gentleman
does not understand it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not, sir
Mr. GREEN. As soon,as you;are through,I
will do it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am through.
Mr. GREEN. There are certain men in Ken-
tucky who hunt possum, and they go out and
sometimes cannot shoot thqm, but have to climb
the tree after them, and the higher they climb the
more prominent,they become. I do not know any-
thing about.what his position is, but Kentucky
climbers may think that there is something to he
made out of mystification of the question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman .grows
more and more mysterious every word he utters.
I shall take an opportunity, when I can do it with-
out interrupting him, to make a reply.
Mr. GREEN. I am very sorry the Senator
did .not understand me. I was upon this point:
that, when he had said the friends of the Kansas
Lecompton constitution had abandoned it, he was
mistaken. He may think so, and I have no doubt
whatever he honestly thinks so; but it is not so on
the part of the friends of that measure; and I hope
he will not undertake to speak for them. They
know their own thoughts, their own purposes,
their own objects, their own intents; and while they
admit that the people of Kansas legally adopted
a constitution, yet they say at the same time they
made a proposition, in the nature of a contract,
which Congress does not choose to accept. That
matter of contract is a matter of agreement be-
tween Congress and the State of Kansas. It is
this: they propose to be admitted on a certain
offer of contract. If we do not accept that offer
of contract, while the constitution would be legal,
while the constitution may be valid, while it may
be just and proper, yet we cannot force them into
the Union unless they agree to our terms, inas-
much as they propose their terms, to which we
have never agreed; and this makes a plain sim-
ple proposition. I understood him to say—1 may
have been mistaken, for it is very hard to under-
stand him from the low tone of voice in which he
speaks—that the Lecompton constitution is sub-
mitted by this proposition. That is not my un-
derstanding of it. This is a matter of fact; and, if
he so understands it, I can account why he stands
upon the opposite side. If the Lecompton consti-
tution is submitted, why is it that the great ad-
vocate of submitting the Lecompton constitution
stands against it? He offered an amendment,
urged it in this Senate, voted for it, which did
submit the Lecompton constitution; and now,
when a proposition comes which he says does
submit the Lccomptou constitution, he votes
againstit. Why does he cross his own path; why
does ho commit his own suicide; why does ho
act the inconsistent part of voting against a prop-
osition which he says submits it, when he before
voted for a proposition which did in fact submit
it? It proves that it is not submitted; and that is
a perversion of the issue when he asserts that the
Lecompton constitution is submitted.
But, says the Senator, bribes are offered. Mr.
President, I had not thought, in my confidence in
the integrity of the people, that bribes could have
any effect either in the Senate, in the Congress,
or before the people—that they were proofagainst
bribes. If bribes are offered in this proposition,
it proves two things: first, that we misjudge the
American character; second, that bribes have
heretofore been offered by Congress to the people
of the States under similar circumstances. I have
a volume before me in which counter propositions
have been presented when States have asked ad-
mission into the Union. Iowa, Florida, Michi-
gan, and Missouri—fourSlates—when they came
up plainly and palpably, Congress did not refuse
to admit them, but Congress said to them, " we
will admit you if you agree to certain terms;"
and hence there are four plain palpable proposi-
tions and precedents justifying us for the course
we pursue in regard to Kansas.
But he says that if we pass this proposition,
and the people of Kansas vote down the offer we '
make in it, Kansas is to be kept out until there is ,
population sufficient to entitle her to admission.
I answer, if she now has that population, as he
intimates, It does not keep her out one minute.
He intimates it as a conceded fact, ihat by the
action of the report of the committee, and by the
action of the opposite party in Kansas, it is ac- '<
knowledged that-they have population enough to
entitle them to admission. If that be true, then j
this clause in the bill reported by the committee \
of conference does not keep Kansas out one sec-
ond. Having the population already, she can
proceed according to the forms of law, form that
constitution, and come here and present herself
for admission.
But the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] asks, is
the land grant the great matter? I answer, it is tKe
great .matter of dispute with us. To the people of
Kansas, the, adoption of the constitution may be
more important; the shape and form of the consti-
tution may Ije more important; but to Congress,
who has no right to look into the shape and form of
the constitution, but lias a right to protect the pub-
lic lands, to protect our rights in all those questions
affecting public lands, itis the great matter of com-
pact between the. Federal Government on the one
side and the State upon the other. Hence I an-
swer the Senator and say, that the subject of pub-
lic lands is the great matter of adjustment. There
is no other matter of adjustment between us. I
have said from the beginning, and now repeat,
that wc have no right to look into their State con-
stitution, except to see if it be republican. We
have all decided it to be republican; it was en-
acted by legal authority; and hence that constitu-
tion is not a matter of controversy with us. But
there is a matter of dispute: she asks a certain
amount of land. We answer, in reply, "we can-
not give it." Let us adjust that matter of dispute.
There, is no dispute on the subject of the consti-
tution or its formation; but there is a dispute with
regard to the quantity of land, and the rights as-
serted by the convention of the people of Kansas.
Let us settle that, and thus have peace and quiet
between the Federal Government and the new
State about to be admitted into the bosom of the
Union.
The difference in the grants has been stated.
Five different demands were made by the con-
vention. But let me remark that these demands
are not made in the constitution of Kansas. They
are made by the same power that formed the con-
stitution, but are not made in the constitution.
Hence the constitution may stand as an entirety,
as a form of government, as creating a republic,
and yet the proposition of adjustment on the dis-
puted point be rejected by Congress. The bill
which the Senate committee before reported, pro-
posed to reject the demands of the convention of
Kansas. While they proposed "to reject the de-
mands of the convention of Kansas, they also said
it should not preclude Kansas from asking and
receiving an equivalent hereafter equal to the prin-
ciples of the grant to the State of Minnesota in
the enabling act of that State.
The difference between the Senate bill and the
present proposition consists in this: the Senate
bill loft it as an open question; this bill closes
the question. It is agreement; it is settlement; it
is compact. It may be said,and said with truth,
that a voter in Kansas may be influenced by his
desire not to be admitted into the Union; and, in
consequence of that motive, may vote against the
propositions offered on the subject of lands. Let
him do it. That does not change the legal effect
of the proposition we make, nor does it compli-
cate Congress in any illegal act. Motive is a thing
with which this Senate has nothing to do. When
the voters go to the polls and vote, they vote from
considerations appealing to themselves, and not
merely to considerations that address themselves
to us.
Now, the difference between the proposition
claimed under that convention ordinance, which
is no part of the constitution, but a distinct, inde-
pendent offer of a contract, and the present offer
of contract made by this report of the committee,
consists in this: first, they claim four sections in
each township for school purposes; we give them
two sections in each township for school pur-
poses. There is a difference on that point of one
half. They claim all the salt springs, and the
necessary lands for their use and enjoyment. We
give that to them. They also claim all gold mines,
silver mines, or any other mineral and necessary
lands to sustain and support, and use and enjoy
them. We cut all that out, which isatleasttwo
thirds. They claim five per centum upon the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands. That has
been given to all the States, and we accede to that.
They claim two townships for a seminary of
learning. That has been given to all the States,
and we accede to that. They claim twelve miles
wide on two railroads, making a distance of at
