2848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9.
pay; and it is a question for Mr. Collins to decide
whether you have a mail to Europe or not, ac-
cording to the decision made on his contract. I
say let the lines to Havre and Bremen and South-
ampton alone; let them get the postages; but if
you allow Collins to go there, I have no doubt
the object of Mr. Collins is to sell out to them,
probably for an annuity of $200,000 a year; for
they can better afford to take $187,000 than run
for the postages.
Mr. PUGH. If I understand the Senator from
Vermont, what is proposed to be done now is
worse than anything that has been done before.
We made a contract with Mr. Collins to carry
the mail from New York to Liverpool for a cer-
tain sum of money. Now, he does not want to
carry it; he gave us notice of that. My impres-
sion is, that you yourself, sir, (Mr. Stuart in
the chair,) presented his petition to the Senate a
year ago, giving us notice that he would not per-
form the contract. He renounced it as com-
pletely as any man ever renounced a contract, and
he could not recover upon it against an individual
in any court of justice. There was never as com-
plete a renunciation of a contract by any man;
and what then? His ships, we are told by the
papers, have been sold by thfe sheriff. He not
only does not turn any paddle, but he has no paddle
to turn. If the truth is told in the papers, he has
been sold out under the hammer. If it is collu-
sion, if it has been done with the intention to
force Congress to give him more money, he ought
not to be tolerated at all. If it is in earnest, if he
has become insolvent under the contract, why do
we fool ourselves any more by legislating upon
the footing of the Collins contract?
In my judgment, the contract ought to be ignored
from the beginning to the end of it. It is forfeited;
it is renounced; it is abandoned. But, now, what
js the idea ? It is said to be a bad contract from
New York to Liverpool at this enormous sum of
money; and it is proposed to let Mr. Collins, or
somebody who buys Mr. Collins out, run the line
to Southampton for the same money and for the
postages together; and he will thus get more than
he had before. Thatis only doing what we gave
notice two years ago we would not do; and that
is, increase the subsidy. We gave him notice two
years ago that we would stop the increased sub-
sidy. We sat up until long past this hour in the
night to decide it, and we voted on it again and
again, and we thought wc were rid of it; but now
it comes up in another shape.
It is my opinion that the whole of it is a con-
trivance to revive the Collins subsidy in another
shape. I do not see any necessity foi this weekly
line to Southampton. We have lived without it;
and I do not understand, if Mr. Collins cannot
carry the mails to Liverpool for this money, how
he is going to take them to Southampton, unless
he is going to interfere with somobody else, or
sell out to somebody else. I thought he was going
to interfere; the Senator from Georgia says he is
going to sell out; I do not know which it is: either
is objectionable. 1 do not believe in his contract
at all; and I do not intend to vote to appropriate
any money for his contract. I believe it is for-
feited; and I believe the Post Office Department
ought not to have recognized him as a contractor,
butforfeited his contract. Lctlnmgo to the Court
of Claims; they will give him a judgment, if he
can come within gunshot of a case, and we can
then discuss it; but as for this proposition to let
him change the termination of his journey from
Liverpool to Southampton, it will accomplish one
of two things: he will either drive off an honest
contractor, or he will sell out. This is to be done
to benefit a contiactor who has never kept his
contract; who, if the truth is now told, cannot keep
'his contract; whose ships have been sold ; who has
circulated written notices that he would not per-
form it longer, or revive it at all.
It seems to me that Congress ought to have
sotne sense of self-respect. These things are al-
ways brought up at the heel of the session. We
never get hold of them at any other time. We can
never get a chance at them at any other time, and I
suppose it will be now as before; you will let him
lun on another year, and at the end of next year
we shall be told that it is the heel of the session
again. As I had not an opportunity of voting be-
fore, I want this opportunity to record my vote
against any further recognition of the Collins con-
tract m any shape or form.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope we shall
get a vote on this contested question. There are
some Senators who have spent very little part of
the day here; but of those who spent any part of
the day in the Senate, I think there is no one who
does not understand this particular point. I am
satisfied about it myself. I believe it to be so great
an outrage that, though I have never been in the
habit of voting against appropriation bills, I shall
certainly vote against this one if the proposition
be put on. But, without going into the merits of
the proposition, regarding it as an outrage on
common sense and fair play, I feel bound to vote
against it. I hope we shall get the question, and
have the privilege of voting.
The question being taken on Mr. Toombs 's mo-'
tion to strike out, by yeas and nays, resulted—
yeas 19, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Rigler, Clingman, Douglas, Fitch, Green,
Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Arkansas, John-
son of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Polk, Pugh, Reid, Rice,
Sebastian, Slidell, and Toombs—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bright-, Broderick, Cameron,
Chandler, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Gwln, Hale, Hdinhn, Harlan, Iverson, Kennedy,
King, Peaice, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jeisey, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—27.
So the motion was not agreed to; and the ques-
tion recurred on concurring in the first amend-
ment made'as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PUGH called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. According to the construction
of the contract of Mr. Collins, which this amend-
ment alters or may alter,in aid and favor of him,
he is riot compelled to carry this mail at all; and
if he does not carry it there is no penalty what-
ever. Every other mail contractor, if he fails to
carry the maii, is subject to a penalty. I move
to strike out so much of this amendment as allows
that, and to provide that if Collins fails to carry
out his contract, the Postmaster General may em-
ploy another person to do it, and tak'e the price
out of Colhns's money. Now, according to the
amendment of the Finance Committee, those who
may do the service in the place of Collins will re-
ceive only the postage. I should like to know
why that distinction was made? I should like my
friend from Virginia to tell me why, when Mr.
Collins carries the mail,you are to pay him $19,000
a month, and if he does not do it, whoever does
it is to £ct only the postage?
Mr. HUNT OR. It is obvious, because it has
been decided that if he does not comply with his
contiact he only loses the money for the trip he
omits to make, and he gets the money for every
trip he performs. Then how could you take it
out of his money? We had to provide in some
way for filling up the vacuum.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is wholly mis-
taken. The amendment is for altering the con-
tract; and I say when you are altering the contract
and giving the contractor a beneficial advantage,
you ought to do something to benefittheGovern-
ment at the same time. That is all I ask. You
say by this amendment that the Postmaster Gen-
eral, if he pleases, may allow Collins to run to
Southampton. That is an alteration of the con-
tract. If we arc to alter the contract, I wish to
provide that whoever carries the mails when Col-
lins fails to do it, shall be paid out of his money.
I propose, therefore, to amend the amendment by
striking out the words " and pay therefor a sum
equal to the amount of ocean and inland postages
received by the United States."
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator wishes to take
the House bill on that point. The House bill is
right in that respect.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think so; but I cannot get
the House bill.
Mr. PUGH. Vote down this amendment and
then the clause in the House bill stands.
Mr. TOOMBS. But a majority of the Senate
is in favor of making this alteration for the ben-
efit of Collins; and when you are doing that, I
want to put some limitation on itso that we may
get some benefit from the .contract.
Mr. COLLAMER. Perhaps the Senator's ob-
ject can be accomplished by taking the amend-
ment, as it has been adopted in Committee of the
Whole, and inserting after the first clause making
the appropriation, this proviso:
Provided, Tliattheie be paid to the Post Office Depart-
ment, out of such appiopriatiou. such sum as may be re-
, quired to procure the transportation of the mails fiom New
York to Liverpool and back, on such days as Collins shall
fail to take them.  
That is substantially the provision of the House
bill. We agree to pay Mr. Collins so much,
whether he goes to Liverpool or Southampton.
Now, let us provide that in case he fails to take
the mails, the same amount which he would re-
ceive for carrying them shall be appropriated to
the Post Office Department, to enable them to pay
for hiring substitutes—that is, to take his money
and pay it to those who rendered the service.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does not the Senator see
that the result of that will be that Collins will
only have to have ready a very inferior style of
vessels which will carry the mail ? He will not
carry it; but he will have other vessels to take the
place of his vessels, and get the full price. That,
t presume, was what the Finance Committee
wanted to guard against by providing that when
the Postmaster General had to replace Collins
steamer by some other steamer, that other steamer
which replaced the Collins steamer should not
have full pay, but should only have the postages;
so as to prevent Collins from acting in concert with
somebody else, and putting on inferior steamers
and getting full pay.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is nothing in the ob-
jection of the Senator from Louisiana, unless he
supposes that Postmaster General Brown would
cojleague with Collins, go in collusion with him.
If he is in wc are gone anyhow under your con-
tract. If he joins these ppople, you cannot pro-
tect the Treasury against them. If you give him
authority to get a substitute, I presume he will
get one. I do not think we ought to legislate on
the ground that he is in collusion with Collins.
I do not suppose he is.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am perfectly willing to
put in the provision of the House bill, in this re-
spect, if gentlemen think it will confine Collins
closer; but in my opinion the Committee on Fi-
nance have been more rigid than the House bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the amendment be
adopted now as it is, if Mr. Collins does not go
they cannot hire others for the mere postages.
Mr. TOOMBS. To accommodate gentlemen,
I will modify my amendment. I move to strike
out of the amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance, the words, " and pay therefor a sum equal
to the amount of ocean and inland postages re-
ceived by the United States," and insert in their
place," and that the cost thereof be deducted from
any amount which may be due to E. K. Collins
| & Company."
| Mr. SEWARD. I see no objection to that.
; Mr. KING. He does not get any pay, if he
! fails to perform the trip. His pay is higher than
the postages.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to my friend from
Georgia that perhaps he is not accomplishing his
own object by this amendment. According to the
House provision, with the interpretation which
is given at the Department to the contract, Col-
lins is obliged to get pay for all the service he per-
forms, all the trips he makes. Well, the differ-
ence between what is paid to him for the trips he
makes and this entire appropriation the Depart-
ment can, if it chooses, g:ive to some one else.
I The amendment of the corhmiuce was designed
1 to confine that pay to the postages, and not let full
! pay be given to some one else. It was designed
i to introduce the postage principle, as far as it was
possible to do so.
Mr. TOOMBS. But I want it deducted from
the amount due Mr. Collins from the amount-he
earns afterwards.
Mr. HUNTER. It will not be so interpreted
at the Department.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator knows more about
departmental construction than I do. I know it
will be construed most favorably to contractors.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not say that; but I mean
to say that I presume, from the interpretation
which has already been given to the contract, that
it will be only taken out of the money which is
given during the year—that portion which Col-
lins did not earn.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will accept any good sug-
gestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps the amend-
ment had better be read as modified, to see what
construction it would properly bear. The amend-
ment is to strike out the words c< and pay theie-
for a sum equal to the amount of ocean and inland
