2850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
Mr. HUNTER. This bill is out of committee,
and in the Senate; but it is still open to amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is in the
Senate, and is now ready to be read the third
time, if no amendment be offered.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The bill was passed ovgr
informally by general consent, to enable me to
offer an amendment, which escaped by inadvert-
ence. I send it to the Chair:
Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint a commis-
sioner or commissioners, not exceeding three, with author-
ity to proceed to New Mexico and investigate the alleged
claims for Indian depredations upon citizens of New Mex-
ico, under such regulations as he may prescribe, and report
the same to Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope this will not be done.
I hope we shall not appoint a commission now
to go and examine into these claims.
■Mr. SEBASTIAN. This is a proposition which
has, I must confess, been brought unsuccessfully
some two or three times before the Senate, and
my convictions are equally as strong of the pro-
priety of it now as heretofore. It has always
encountered the opposition of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Arkansas give way for a motion to adjourn:
["Oh, no."]
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will say to the Senator
from New York that I am bound by an under-
standing with the Senator from Virginia, who j
was kind enough to lay this bill aside for me, to i
try to have it disposed of to-day. I was speak-
ing of the necessity of this case. We have noth-
ing now to do with the origin of the claims. It is
sufficient to say that these claims are now upon
us, and they amount, according to the report of
the Secretary of the Interior, already to $500,000,
most of them based on very slight evidence. This
is a precautionary measure, advised by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and urgently pressed by
him now, for the purpose of protecting the Gov-
ernment against these claims when they become
stale, and when the evidence on the part of the
Government will have been lost, or rather the. op-
portunity of collecting it together will have gone
by.
Under a resolution of Congress, at the last ses-
sion, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs was au-
thorized to investigate and classify these claims.;
and, according to a report which I have on my
table, the claims, as already filed m the Indian
office, amount to something over half a million j
dollars. But a small amount of them, to be sure, !
are reported as good. The others, however, do
not die, but will be coming in upon us; and I :
think, myself, it is proper to send out a commis-
sion of persons, not-connected by tics of interest
or of any other character with the-people of the
country, who will investigate the matter, and have
authority to bring witnesses before them, and as-
certain which of these claims are well founded
and which are not.
The amendment does not propose to involve
the country in a new expenditure, but anticipates
the dangers of the future and provides against the
accumulation of these claims while there is yet-
time to do so. This is the necessity which has
led me to the conviction that this provision is ab-
solutely necessary. It involves the appointment
of one or two commissioners at some expense, and
I know, therefore, is unpalatable to the Senate;
but that does not change my convictions as to the
necessity of it. I have therefore felt bound, m
justice to the convictions of the Secretary, and the
urgent importunities of the Delegate, to present it
to the Senate for their consideration. I shall not
argue it at length. I ha-ve merely stated the facts.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
taken. Let us decide if.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have another amend-
ment:
A7id he it further enacted, That in-executing process in
the Indian country, the marshal be authorized to employ a
pot,sc comxtatu s, not exceeding three persons, in any of the
Stales re-pechvely, to assist m executing piocess by arrest-
in? and bringing m prisoners from th^ Indian country, and
to allow them three dollars per diem in heu of all expenses
and services.
The existing law authorizes the marshal to em-
ploy guards after an arrest has been made. The
weakness of the law consists in this, that he is
not authorized to employ guards in making an
arrest—a species of security more necessary be-
fore than after an arrest is made. It is the inva-
riable experience of the marshal in the Indian
country west of Arkansas that it is impossible tcr
get Indians as a posse to assist in arresting one
another, and the consequence is, that writs are
often evaded, and the boldest and most defiant
criminals go unarrested because of the want of
assistants in the country to arrest them.
The marshal represents—and I have no doubt
truly—that, to^make the process effectual, they
must have the right to summon one, two, or three
assistants, in the States, to aid him in making an
arrest. The difficulty in guarding afterwards is
but a small matter, compared with the necessity
of having assistants to make the arrest. Many
of the worst offenders there have gone unarrested,
because of the want of the assistance of white
men in the Indian country. It is very rare that :
you can get Indians to assist in making arrests of
one another. I would have attempted to put this
on another bill; but as it pertains to the Indian
bill, and is to carry out the intercourse laws, it
ought to pass here.
Air. HUNTER. No doubt it is very good
legislation, but it only makes weary work for the
conference committees. The other House rejects
everything of this sort. In the miscellaneous bill j
they have swept out everything that looked like
legislation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have an amendment to |
offer which is very important to the security of
the frontier of Texas:
Jind be it further enacted, That the superintendent and
agents within the superintendency of Texas shall be here-
after appointed m the t.ime manner a*' otner superintend-
ents and agents are appointed and confirmed ; and that the
Witcluta agency is heiehy attached to tnehiipeiintendcney
of Texas.
I do not intend to make any statement unless it
becomes necessary. In the first place, our agen-
cies heretofore have been temporary in their char- i
acter, or, rather, special agencies. They have not
the same character and position throughout the
country, and the same influence, as if they were
appointed, like other agents, by nomination to, and
confirmation by,the Senate. The Wifchitaagency
is now within the limits of that portion of coun-
try ceded by the Choctaws and Chickasaws for
the purpose of a reservation, lying between the
ninety-eighth and one hundredth degrees of west
longitude. They are contiguous to, and immedi-
ately upon, the borders of Texas. They are bor-
dered on the east and north by the Chickasaw and
Choctaw nations of Indians. The superintend-
ency to which they have heretofore been attached
is at Port Smith, entirely disconnected from these
Indians. They have not had an agent residing
amongst them. They are two hundred and fifty
miles from the superintendency in Arkansas, with
an Indian territory intervening: between the super-
! intendency; and though of different tribes, they
j are only about one hundred and thirty miles from
! the Texas superintendency. They have inter- |
j course with our Indians, are intermarried with j
J them, and they have no connection with the civ-
ilized tribes within the limits of the Indian coun-
try attached to the Arkansas superintendency.
For that reason it is thought best that they :
should bp connected with our superintendency,
j It will, to be sure, increase the trouble of the su- ■
i perintendent, but it will add no perquisites to him, !
i and will not be profitable; the effect will only be :
i to enable him to exercise a control over those !
j tribes which annoy us very much, and extend his i
influence and the influence of the Indians on the j
reservation to them, and be of great aid ni pre- 1
serving peace. There is no other object than this
in the application that is made.
For the information of the Senate, I will say ]
that niv late colleague, General Husk, applied to ;
the Indian department; and, after the adjourn-
ment of the last Congress, he obtained an order
from the Secretary of the Interior to attach these ;
Indians to the Texas superintendency, and bring i
them within the control of the superintendent of !
the Texas Indians.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will ask the ;
Senator if he is particular in this statement; if :
what he now says he knows of his own knowl-
edge to be true? Does he know that any such
order ever .did exist; and if so, why is it not still
in force ?
Mr. HOUSTON. General Rusk did not tell
me so that I recollect. It occurs* to me it was
mentioned; but whether he did or not, I know
not. 1 heard it asserted and I never heard it con-
tradicted, and I presume the Secretary of the In-
terior will not gainsay aught that I have said.
Previous to my leaving here, General Rusk, who
remained ten days after the close of the session,
assured me that it would be done, and must be
done, or our frontiers would bo broken up; and I
took it for granted, from these facts, that it was
done, Ifearing that it was.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator,
I am sure, knows that I would not unnecessarily
interrupt him in his statement; but I have a per-
sonal knowledge in regard to what he states. I
went to see General Rusk when this matter was
commenced at the beginning. In conversation
with General Rusk, I explained to him that this
region was a portion of the country which per-
tained to the southern superintendency. Upon
explaining the facts to him, though he, previous
to that time, intended to recommend some man
from his own State to the Witehita agency, he
yielded that matter, and I had a man appointed,
and there was no further difficulty; the agency was
kept within the southern superintendency, and I
have never heard of any period when it was not
so. I know that i had that conversation with
General Rusk himself. He said, on the state-
ment which I made of the fact that it was within
the country which belonged to the southern su-
perintendency, that he had no more to say in
regard to the matter. I know of no more gen-
erous and unselfish man than he was, and this
passage took place just before we parted at the
close of the last session.
Mr. HOUSTON. I see it will take a greater
time to explain this matter and bring it to the fair
understanding of the Senate than I am disposed
to occupy at this late hour-. It is nine o'clock,
and 1 would prefer that we should adjourn until
to-morrow morning.
Mr. POLK. I move that the Senate adjourn.
I will state to the Senate that I have learned pri-
vately, from the Senator who has offered the
amendment, that he is very much exhausted. lie
has been here all day long, and eaten nothing
since he ate his breakfast.
Mr. HUNTER. We are all exhausted; but
we ought to finish this bill.
Mr. POLK. We are not all as far advanced in
life as the honorable Senator from Texas.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hone we shall
not adjourn, though I am opposed to the amend-
ment,
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays
on the motion, and they were ordered; and, be nig
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Broderick, Brown,
Douglas, Harlan, Houston, Johnson of Tenne^ee, King,
Mason, Polk, Reid, Rice, Seward, Simmons, Shdell, Stu-
art, Trumbull, Wade, Wright, and Yulee—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bavard, Bright, Dixon, Fitch, Foot,
Green, Gwin, flanihn, Hammond,, Iluntei, Johnson of Ark-
ansas. Pugli, Sebastian, Thomson of New Jersey, and
Toombs—1.3.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 9, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. J, L. Elliott.
Thf Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MEMORIAL OF JUDGE WATROUS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave to pre-
sent the memorial of Judge John C. Watrous, of
Texas, in reference to his impeachment. If there
be no objection, it will be laid upon the table, and
printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not suppose that that
communication can be received by the House and
ordered to be printed in this irregular way.
Mr. CRAfGE, of North Carolina. I suppose
it can be. This is exactly following: out the pre-
cedent in the case of Judge Peck. After the com-
mittee had ordered the impeachment of Judge
Peck, he was heard by memorial, just as Judge
Watrous now asks to be heard.
