1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
upon it. It is before the Senate; it is before the
country. If I am wrong, I am willing to be set
right; if I do injustice to any one, I will take
speedy means to do justice; if I do right, I trust
I shall never be driven from that position.
Mr. SEWARD ohtained the floor.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I trust I shall be al-
lowed one word of explanation.
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly; I yield the floor.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. My friend from Vir-
ginia, in whose candor and fairness in argument
I have great confidence, has mistaken me in one
particular. He supposed me to endeavor to crim-
inate this offer of land as an inducement to them
to vote for this proposition, because it was a
greater quantity than that usually granted. He
misunderstood me. I did not intend to say any
such thing; I said it was the largest quantity of
land grants, but I afterwards followed it up by
saying that it was what was habitually granted to
other States. So he misunderstood me in sup-
posing that I either thought or said that the quan-
tity of land offered to Kansas for her to accept
the Lecompton constitution was greater or more
than that which was usually given to other States.
The gentleman seemed also to suppose, if I un-
derstood him, that the course I was pursuing was
calculated to produce or prolong this Kansas agi-
tation. It seems to me, Mr. President, that my
friend from Virginia ought not lightly, though it
is perfectly in order, to say that a Senator's course
is calculated to produce agitation. I think that
the report of the committee is calculated to pro-
duce and prolong the difficulty. That is my opin-
ion, and that is the reason why I vote against
it. It provides no certain determination of our
relations with Kansas. It remands her, in a cer-
tain event, to a territorial condition, and that event
amounts, m my mind, almost to a certainty; and
by so doing, it leaves her exactly in the attitude
and condition in which she has been, subject to
create such extensive agitation as she has in the
country.
My policy, and the policy indicated in the
amendment which I had the honor to offer here,
was to close up this subject inevitably; that if,
the Lecompton constitution being submitted to
the people, they would not accept that, then they
should make a constitution that would be accept-
able to them, and there would be an end of it. It
was contemplated, in a continuous series of the
mostactive operations that were possible, to bring
her into the Union at once, and thereby put an end
to the disturbing relations which exist between her
and this Government. That is what my amend-
ment provides. This does notdo that. This says,
if she rejects the Lecompton constitution,instead
of going on to make another and closing up the
matter, th&t she shall be postponed until her pop-
ulation shall be of a certain amount. I hope he
will understand me in that particular.
Sir, I had intended to correct, or attempt to
offer some explanation and have some correction
with the honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Green,] but I hardly know whether it is neces-
sary. it was my misfortune, he says, not to be
hoard, on account of the lowness of my voice.
"What 1 said, taken altogether, sustained this po-
sition in my narrative: that the ground in respect
to the Lecompton constitution taken by tins Sen-
ate, has been abandoned by its fiiends; and, for
brevity of expression, I may have said occasion-
ally, but with the explanation that went along
with it, that the Lecompton constitution has been
abandoned—every Senator understanding me as
meaning that the position of the Senate m refer-
ence to it, insisting upon it as an absolute consti-
tution, not to bo referred to the people, was aban-
doned. The gentleman did not hear and did not
understand me correct!^ All must have under-
stood me who did hear me. it was my misfoitunc
not to be he aid by the honoiitble Senator.
I am really at i\ loss to understand, but I do
not know whether it is nec- s«ary to inquire fur-
ther into it, what he meant by the allusion about
*'Kentucky climbers." 1 am really at a loss to
understand what these classical figures and allu-
sions mean. I hope they do not mean anything
unkind. If they did so, the gentleman wili par-
don me for not r<-piy>ng to them. If they were
ni'-mit for my Suite, v/hv, 1 do not kn:>wih:tt t
Lave a word i.j say about A. I have n^vei, in all
my time in this Senate, permitted myself to cast
the least reflection upon any State of this Union.
I look upon them in reality, and try to treat them
habitually, as sovereignties which are represented
here. I do not know whether the gentleman meant
anything offensive to Kentucky, or to reflect upon
her character. If he did, it was exceedingly un-
kind. I have nothing to say on the subject. I do
not know that it merits or is worthy of any ex-
planation whatever. Old Kentucky stands there
for herself.' She is above the taunts that envy
may cast upon her, however humble and inad-
equate her representative may perhaps be to the
subject. She never can 
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator will permit me to
interrupt him, I will state that I meant nothing
unkind either to the Senator or his State.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I thought the Senator
did not. He meant nothing unkind, if I under-
stand the gentleman, and he cast no imputation
upon her. Then, sir, it is only that curious and
mysterious sort of figure of speech which I do not
understand. [Laughter.] I have nothing more
to say.
Mr. SEWARD. Has the honorable Senator
closed his remarks?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. STUART. I simply wisTi to say that I
desire to speak upon this question in the present
order, but I am subject entirely to the disposition
of the Senate as to whether 1 am to go on now or
to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. I rose not with the intention
of taking the floor myself; but, seeing the honor-
able Senator from Michigan rise to take the floor,
while I recognized his right to it, I thought it was
time to adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Let us go on
now. Gentlemen are ready to continue the dis-
cussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Biggs in
the chair.) The Chair recognized the Senator
from New York, and the question is on the mo-
tion he has submitted that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. If it is understood that we
shall finish this question to-morrow evening or
to-morrow night,! am perfectly willing to adjourn
now.
Mr. SEWARD. I will answer the Senator
from Virginia at once. It cannot be understood
that shall finish the question to-morrow night,
but it may be understood that we are debating in
good faith, without the least design to delay, and
if we can reach the question then, it will be closed
to-morrow night; if not, not. I wish to say also
that we have been four hours and a half upon this
subject to-day; and for one, I do not admit the
right of the majority to require us to make con-
tracts to foreclose this debate, especially when
they themselves we taking their share in it, and
making it necessary for us to reply to them. I
therefore insist on my motion to adjourn.
Mr. IVERSON. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BELL. I wish to state that I have paired
off with the Senator from Maryland [MwPearcf.]
on this subject. I improperly voted yesterday,
having forgotten that engagement; but it was upon
no mntenal question.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. The honorable Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] and myself have
paired olT on this matter for this evening.
The result was then announced—yeas 22, nays
23; as follows:
YEAS—Broderick, Brown. Cameron. Chandler,
Clink, <'i UiKon, Donjjl.iv, l>urko<\ Fc^eiulen,
Fo-ter. li.unlin, Ihuliin, llou-ton, Kennedv, [vin<r, Sevvaid,
Simmon-:, Stti.ur. Tiutnbull, W.nie, and Wi!-ou—2-2.
NAVri—MeW-. Alien, i .i\arti. Bi«ler, Dri<rht;
('lav. Cvans, P.lzpatuck, Gre"n, Gwm, Hunter, Ivei'-on,
Tolm^ou of Arkan^a-, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Mal-
loiy. Mason, Polk, Pugh. tSlidell, Toombs, Wught, and Yu-
lce~- 2,1
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I now move that the further
considetntion of this .subject be postponed until
to-morrow at half past, twelve o'clock, and be made
the special order for that hour.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
upou tli.it question.
The ven^ and nays we re ordered.
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to detain the
Senate at this time. I only wish to say that it
seems to me hardly necessaryto spend any time
here to-night in a mere matter of controversy. I
have yielded, from time to time, to-day, to several
Senators who desired to speak, and am disposed
to do so at any and at all times. I simply want,
in good faith and in due time, to present my views
upon this subject. I understand there are others
who also desire to do so. The debate has gone
on to-day by the friends and the opponents of
this measure. We have sat here now until nearly
five o'clock. I simply suggest whether it would
not be more reasonable to adjourn this question
over until to-morrow, and not seek to press it
until it is found that there is a disposition to re-
tard it. As far as I am concerned, I only wish
to disclaim any such disposition on my part. I
do not know of any member of the body who has
any such disposition. I submit, therefore,whether
it is better to spend any number of hours in efforts
to postpone and prevent a postponement, which
every Senator knows maybe done, or whether it
is better now to come to the conclusion to dispose
of this question, and adjourn overuntil to-morrow.
I submit, with great respect, to the Senate, and
I beg to repeat it again, not to be misunderstood,
that it seems to me better for all of us to pursue
that course at this time. So far as I am concerned
personally in the question, I only say that I am
at the pleasure of the Senate. Of course, it would
be more convenient to me to speak to-morrow
morning, when the Senate and myself are less fa-
tigued; but, upon that score, I do not think that
1 am in a condition where I ought to ask the es-
pecial indulgence of the Senate. I do not, there-
fore, put it upon that ground. While I say that
it would be inconvenient to me, yet I would be
entirely willing to go on now, if there was any-
thing in the condition of the question which re-
quired me to do so.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator knows that I
agreed to adjourn, and was perfectly willing to
do so; but it was understood last night—at least
I so understood the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, when he made the proposition to postpone
this subject over until to-day—that its considera-
tion would take two days. All I ask is, an assur-
ance from both sides of the House that we shall
be able to dispose of it to-morrow. I am per-
fectly willing then to adjourn or postpone it.
Mr. STUART. I have no doubt of the Sena-
tor's motives and intentions, but I know nothing
of such an arrangement. I will call the attention
of the Senator to what was said at that time.
When that proposition was made, several Sena-
tors all over the Chamber exclaimed, " Thurs-
day !" " Thursday I" Some said Wednesday,
and some Thursday. There seemed to be, to my
ear, no understanding. I know of no private ar-
rangement.
Mr. HUNTER. I know of no private arrange-
ment, but I understood the Senator from New
Hampshire to submit a proposition to take two
days to this subject. He proposed that we post-
pone it until "Wednesday, and dispose of it on
Thursday night; or, if we should take it up to-
day, to dispose of it to-morrow night. I am not
disposed to press Senators.
Mr. STUART. I believe that will be the re-
sult now. If the Senate adjourns, there will be
no difficulty. Every Senator can say all he de-
sires to say to-morrow. That is my belief; but
I am not advised on that point.
Mr. HUNTER. There will be no difficulty,
if there is an understanding that Senators will aid
us to do it.
Mr. STUART. I certainly will.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I will agree to postpone
this subject until half past twelve o'clock to-mor-
row.
Mr. SEWARD. I want it to be understood
that that is an understanding between the honor-
ablegentlemen,and notan understanding between
anybody else. I have already stated, so far as I
am concerned, that I believed this debate was in
good faith; that I thought it might come to an end
as likely to-morrow as at any other time, but that
I would come to no engagement. What I object
to is that terms shall be dictated to us, which, it
seems to me, we cannot accept with self-respect,
and which ought not to be made when every dem-
onstration is given on our part of good faith.
