1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2851
Mr. CHAPMAN. That was a very different
case. Judge Peck was not heard before the com-
mittee; but, in this instance, the Committee on
the Judiciary examined witnesses in behalf of
Judge Watrous, as well as witnesses in behalf of
the memorialists. He was fully heard there, and
he now asks to have his memorial submitted to
the House. The cases of Judge Peck and Judge
Wa'-rous are not parallel.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will rend the com-
munication of Judge Watrous accompanying the
memorial. !
The Clerk read the communication, as follows: !
Washington, June 8, 1W8. |
Sir: I beg of you the favor to lav before the House, in !
my behalf, the accompanying meinonal. j
1 have the honor to be, with the hishest respect.\oni :
obedient spivant, .JOHM C. WATROUS.
Hon. Ja.mes L. Orr, Speaker House of Representatives. j
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I will ask,
what evils can result to the country from hearing
Judge Watrous in this mode? It is in accord-
ance with the precedent in the case of Judge ,
Peck; and it is hut f.urto the accused that,before
he is put upon his trial, he should be heard at the
bar. It may be true that this matter was investi-
gated before the Committee on the Judiciary; but •
it is not true that Judge Watrous was allowed to :
summon what witnesses he pleased. Many wit- :
nesses whom he desired to call were excluded by j
the committee, and were not permitted to be i
heard. j|
The SPEAKER. If there is any objection to
the memorial, it cannot be presented.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to its coming in in |
this shape.
TheSPEAKER. That is sufficient. The Chair |
has no right to present anything that any other ;j
member could not present. 'I
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say, before I <j
object, that this memorial has been laid upon our
desks; but I have not had time to read it. '
Mr. GROW. Would a motion to receive the 1
memorial be in order? [
Mr. HOUSTON. I will withdraw my ohjec-
tion to the reception of the memorial. I do not i
know what is in it.
Mr. DEAN. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DEAN. Then I object,
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object, sir.
Mr. GROW. Would it be in order to move
that the memorial be leeeived and printed r i;
TheSPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The ;
Chair withdraws the memorial.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Cannot the /
memorial be presented under the rules, like any :
other memorial ?
TheSPEAKER. It could; but it would have ,
to be referred to a committee, arid could not be i
printed.
REGISTERS OF VESSELS.
Mr. DIMMICK. I ask the unanimous con- !
sent of the House that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce may be permitted to report ,
back Senate bill (No. 127) to repeal the fifth sec- "
tion of an act entitled "An act to authorize the .
register or enrollment and license, to be. issued in
the name of the president or secretary of any in- !
corporated company owning a steamboat or vfs- 1
sol," approved March 3, 1825, with a view of ,
putting it on us passage.
I will merely remark that I have been here for ,
six long months, in attendance on the sessions of '
the House. I have made no speeches on Kansas
or upon any other subject. I have not consumed j
ti single moment of the time of the House; and I „
now ask the indulgence of the House to allow .
this bill to pass. It is very important to the in- ,
terests of northern Pennsylvania, and to a large
interest in the city of New York. The bill asks :
no appropriation of money from the Treasury,
and has been favorably reported on by the Com-
mittees on Commerce ofthe House and the Senate. |
Mi. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Will this bill give 1
rise to debate ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. It cannotgiverise j,
to debate. |
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I would remark j
that I think the first business the House ought to j
attend to would be to dispose of the resolution of ji
the Senate extending the session until Monday, jj
It is due to the Senate, as well as due to ourselves, ,1
that we should act upon that resolution, and dis-
pose of it one way or the other.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Thelaw which this
bill proposes to repeal is as follows:
" Before granting a legister for any steamboat or vessel,
so owned by any incorporated company, the president or
secretary tneieof shall swear or affirm,"that to the best of
his knowledge and belief,no paitoi audi steamboat or ves-
sel has been, or is then, owned by auyforeigner or foreign-
ers.
That provision has been found to be very inju-
rious to the commercial interests of the country.
Mr. DEAN. I object to the bill.
Mr. DIMMICK. 1 move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
I suspended.
The bill was then reported (o the House, was
ordered to a third reading, was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
CODIFICATION OF THE REVENUE LA"\VS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, i that House
bill No. 4^7. b^ing the revenue code bill, be made
the special oidtu for the fiiht Wednesday of next
HosMon, and from day to day thereafter until dis-
posed of. I think that is the wisest course to
pursue.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not want any
special orders made for the next session, and I
therefore object.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended.
Mr. HOUSTON. I thought that there was
business fixed for this day which would come up
as first in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman's morion will take precedence.
Mr. M1LLSOX. t would suggest that this is
a voluminous bill, and ought to be referred to the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union.
It is impossible to consider this bill as it deserves
in the House. It should be first made the special
order in the Committee ofthe Whole on the state j
of the Union. , !
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I accept that as a
modification of my motion.
Mr. GROW. I move that itbe made the special
order for the second Wednesday ofthe next ses-
sion, so that we may have full time to consider it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE I accept that mod-
ification, and make my motion that the Lill he
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and made the special order for
the second Wednesday of the next session.
The rules were suspended; and the motion was
received and agreed to. j
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider ;
the vote just taken; and also moved that the mo- j
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table. j
The latter motion was agreed to. j
BENJAMIN SAYRE. j
Mr. PETTIT. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee ofthe Whole
House be discharged from the further consideia-
tion of House bill (No. 319) for the relief of Ben-
jamin Savre,and that it be put upon its passage.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let us hear what
it is.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Benjamin Sayre, of Wa-
bash county, Indiana, the sum of $2,043, in full
of his claim tor work and labor under ins contract
with the United States, bearing date December 8,
1833, in section sixty-srven of the Cumberland
road, in Indiana, in the division east of Indian-
•apohs.
Mr. PETTIT. That bill has been favorably
reported on twice bv the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CURRY. Lei the report be read.
A Member. I object.
Mr. CURRY. If the report be not read, I shall
object to the hill being taken up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. PETTIT. Objection being made, I move
to suspend the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Doee the gentle-
man object to the reading of the report3
The SPEAKER. It is eight pages m length.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it understood
then, that we are to pass upon this bill without
knowing what it is. If that be the policy, I de-
mand the yeas and nays on the motion to sus-
pend the ruies
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, if these' motions
to suspend are to go on, let a time for that pur-
pose be fixed so as to give all a chance, and then
let us go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 99,
noes 20.
So the rules were suspended; and the Commit-
tee of the Whole House was discharged from the
further consideration of the bill.
Mr. PETTIT. I do not propose to object to
the reading of the report if it is desired, though
it is very lengthy. The first report on this case
was made by the Committee of Claims, when the
senior member from Ohio [Mr. Giddwgs] was
its chairman; and I presume his statement of the
matter would be more convenient to the House
than the reading of the elaborate report. My pur-
pose is to call "the previous question upon the
passage of the bill, not interposingany obstacle,
however, to the reading of the report. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. PETTIT. I move the previous question
upon its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As there has been
no report, in this case, read, and as it is evident
I cannot get the yeas and nays upon its passage,
I move to lay the bill upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded^ and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. PETTIT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
j HARRIS AND MORGAN.
I Mr. KELLY. I ask the unanimous consent
i of the House to discharge the Committee of the
j Whole House from the further consideration of
I the joint resolution (H. R. No. 9) for the relief
.! of Harris & Morgan. This js the same bill in ref-
ij orence to which I submitted a similar motion yes-
j: terday. The bill does not make any appropriation
!j of money, but merely requires thesettlementofan
! account upon principles of equity and justice,
j The joint resolution, which was read for in-
| formation, authorizes and directs the Postmaster
1 General to revise and adjust the fines and deduc-
I tions imposed upon Harris & Morgan, late con-
j tractors on route No. 7851, from New Orleans to
j Indianola, via Galveston,Texas, and to settle the
j same upon principles of justice and equity; pro-
i vided, that the said fines and deductions shall not
be reduced below the pro rata pay of the contract.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to say ro
gentlemen of the House, that unless they quit this
business of moving to suspend the rules, it will
be impossible to get through with the public busi-
ness.
It appears from the report, which was read, that
the petitioners became contractors with the Post
Office Department, on route No. 78ol,from New
Orleans to Indianola, via Galveston, under a trans-
fer from W. C. Lacy, on the 15th of September,
3854, the contract to take effect from the 1st July,
1854. The service required under said contract
was three trips per week between the terminal
points of said route, No. 7851. It further appears
from the facts in the case, that the said contract-
ors were unable to,and did not, perform but two
trips per week, instead of three, as stipulated in
their contract. For this failure, under the admin-
istration of the late Postmaster General, fines and
forfeitures were imposed upon the contractors to
the extent of twice, twice and a half, and thrice,
the amount of the pay of the trip so omitted to be
performed, and their account was made up and
adjusted accordingly.
Against the imposition ofthese heavy penalties
and fines the petitioners pray relief; and the com-
mittee are of opinion that the Postmaster Gen-
eral should be authorized to revise and adjust their
account, and settle the same upon principles of
equity and justice. The opinion thus expressed
by the committee is strengthened by a commu-
nication from the present Postmaster General,
