1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
182?
Mr. CLARK. I desire to make one suggestion
in regard to this matter. I think it will be recol-
lected by honorable Senators that the proposition
was made last night to defer this subject until
Wednesday, to take two days for discussion, and
then close the debate. That was not acceded to;
it was not acceptable. Then the proposition was
made that we should adjourn until to-day, that
we should go on fairly and candidly without fac-
tious delay, and close the debate in the ordinary
way. That we are disposed to do now. We
think we have worked as long to-day as we ordi-
narily do. I think I may say, in behalf of gen-
tlemen on this side of the Chamber, that they are
willing to go on debating the matter fairly, hon-
orably, and as Senators ought to do, and then
close the debate, and take the vote; and that is
all they ought to be required to do. If the debate
can close to-morrow afternoon, we are willing to
take the vote to-morrow night or the day after,
and to close the debate without faction or unne-
cessary delay. That is all that ought to be re-
quired of us. •
Mr. GREEN. I do not think the Senator from
New York ought to say that we dictate to them.
It is a matter of adjustment, a matter of agree-
ment. When we propose a certain time, is it
dictation? Why, a minority may propose to a
majority, and it is no dictation; or a majority
may propose to a minority, and it is no dictation.
But we desire to get rid of this question; he may
not. When we make a certain proposition, I do
not wish him to characterize it before the coun-
try as a dictation; and when he does thus char-
acterize it, I choose to contradict him, and say
that, so far as we are concerned, it is not correct.
If I understand it, we do not. It is an offer. The
question is, can we accede to it consistently with
public duty ? I answer, there is not a single Sen-
ator on this side who would have a single Sena-
tor on the other side to sacrifice his opinions of
duty for the sake of expediting this one thing;
but, if we can, we should like to have it closed
at once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not had the re-
motest intention of taking any part in this debate,
and I have not now; and I suppose there are not
many gentlemen on our side of the Chamber who
do intend to take part in it; still I will not pledge
myself that at some period of the debate 1 may
not be excited, or incited, to take some interest in
it, although such is not my intention now. But
I am surprised that the honorable Senator from
Virginia, who knows that I have great respect for
him, should take part in what I cannot help call-
ing the imposition of unreasonable terms. I do
not like this thing in the Senate; and I am rather
inclined to come to the opinion of the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] that it is best to put an
end to all attempts at making bargains, unless we
can have them in the old customary form—the
form which is respectful and kind to both sides
of the Chamber. Then, sir, when a debate arose,
I believe it has been customary heretofore—1
came here in the middle of the famous Kansas de-
bate, and I know what it was then—to give the
largest liberty to gentlemen with regard, not only
to the time tiiat they themselves would occupy in
speaking, but to the time of speaking. So long
as there was no disposition manifested to pro-
tract the time—to spin it out for the purpose of
making delay—the old, ordinary, gentlemanly,
proper rule of the Senate was adhered to; and that
was, that every gentleman should have a right to
speak, at a proper season of the day, upon the
question of interest before the Senate. That rule
ought to exist now.
All I ask of the majority is, not that they shall
yield anything to any disposition to talk for the
mere purpose of protracting debate, talking against
time; but that they shall yield everything to the
minority, so long as that disposition is not exhib-
ited at all. I would ask Senators, has there been,
on the part of the minority, exhibited, on this
occasion, any sort of disposition to talk for the
mere purpose of stretching out the period of do- !
bate? Until that takes place, I say it does not j
comport with the dignity of the Senate to tell us j
here, " if you will agree to close the debate to- j
morrow, we will let you adjourn; if you will not j
agree to get through, whatever you may want to 1
say, and honestly want to say at that time, then 1
you siml! stay and talk to-mght, at this hour." j
That might do in some bodies, in some associa- I
tions, and from some people; and in other asso-
ciations, and from other people, it ought not to
come at all, in my judgment; but that every man
on the floor, until that disposition is manifested,
should be considered as having a proper view to
the interests of the country, ana what is de-
manded, a proper respect to himself, and a proper
respect to the body of which he is a member; and
the largest liberty should be accorded to him so
long as he keeps nothing but propriety in view.
Therefore, under this impression, all I have to
say is, that in the present stage of the discussion,
I will not be considered as agreeing to finish the
debate to-morrow, although I do not think I shall
have a word to say on the subject.
Mr. HUNTER. I made no attempt to dictate
terms to the minority or any one else. I have
never known a debate of this sort closed except
by mutual agreement, which was all I proposed.
I do not insist that gentlemen shall agree on terms
which would be inexorable; but if there is a mu-
tual understanding to close the debate as soon as
it^pould be done consistently with what was due
on all sides, and it was thought probable that we
should close it to-morrow, I was willing to adjourn
now; but if not, in my opinion we ought to de-
vote a larger portion of the day than usual in these
matters, if we are going to adjourn in June. If
gentlemen will postpone the day of final adjourn-
ment, they may go on. I shall not object if they
debate it for a week, if they do that. But if you
are to adjourn in June, you cannot give a week to
this subject and get through the necessary busi-
ness of the country. You first adopt an inexorable
rule to adjourn at a certain time in June; and then,
when I make an effort to distribute the time among
the differentsubjects so as to enable us to accom-
plish the greatest amount of business, gentlemen
say I am dictating terms ! I seek to dictate to no-
body. I suggested this as an agreement into which
all parties might enter. Why not?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would ask the Senator
in all kindness, whether it is not dictation, offens-
ive dictation, to say, " if we can understand that
the debate is to be closed at such an hour, very
well, we will adjourn; if not, we will go on?"
Mr. HUNTER. I think not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It looks very much like it.
Mr. HUNTER. The meaning of it is this: we
will adjourn now, provided we can get through
the matter at that time; but if the debate is to take
a longer time, we must spend a larger portion of
the day on the subject. I think that is very
fair.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish simply to say, in an-
swer to my friend from Virginia, that he is now
making a proposition which I shall not agree to.
Both Houses have agreed to adjourn in June, and
we have plenty of time to do our business. I do
not concur at all in the parliamentary idea of the
Senator from Maine, about dictation. It is a right,
a duty of every deliberative assembly; they are
invested with full authority to stop debate when
they please. In every body except this that rule
is applied. I think it is a misfortune that by our
rules we cannot apply it now; it ought to be reme-
died, and I hope will be very soon. The other
branch of the Congress of the United States
who have equal powers and duties with ourselves,
lay down an inexorable rule, that, whenever they
choose or think proper, debate must stop.
Mr. BELT*. Try it in the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is a rule which ought to be
applied here, and the Senator ought to have it
applied to him, in my judgment. It is the rule of
nearly all legislative bodies; it may be different
in some. Inlhe British Parliament they have not
such a rule, but they cough down and scrape
down and ironically cheer down anybody whom
they do not want to hear, and they can close their
debates whenever they desire to do so.
Therefore I am a party to none of these ar-
rangements. So far as I am concerned I want no
more debate. I am willing to sit here, season in
and season out, until this vote is taken. That is
the only way in this body in which a vote can be
taken. I have rarely known an important ques-
tion taken here without having a night session. I
have sat in the other branch for two nights and a
day in order to take a vote. It has been the com-
mon practice to make gentlemen speak day and
night, and it has been considered no great hard-
ship by any one. This thing of making gentle- !
men speak in hours and out of hours has been the j
practice ever since I have been in the Congress
of the United States, and nobody considered it a
hardship. This new idea that gentlemen shall
speak in proper hours, by which, I suppose, is
meant between one o 'clock and five o 'clock, to |jet
the galleries, is a novelty belonging to this session
and the Republican party. It has not been ac-
cording to the usages or practice of either branch
of this Government, from its commencement until
now. Gentlemen have spoken night and day, in
season and out of season, in the other branch,
when they please to apply this rule. On account
of there being no disposition in this body to resort
to means to obstruct legislation, the rule never
having been necessary until now, it was never
adopted here. Now it is necessary; and, in my
judgment as a public man, it ought to be adopted,
so that the business of the country may be placed
in the power of the majority, in whose hands the
Constitution places it.
Mr. MASON. I wish to say that I dissent al-
together from the position taken by the honorable
Senator from Georgia, that it is right in a major-
ity to put a stop to debate at their pleasure when
the majority think the public interests require it.
I dissent altogether from the idea that it would be
politic or prudent in this body, which is a repre-
sentation of the States, to adopt that rule to which
reference was made by which debate would be cut
off at the pleasure of a majority of the body. For
one, I have always protested against it since I
have been a member of this Senate, and always
shall protest against it. Sir, in a popular Gov-
ernment, where the Government is to be adminis-
tered as the people desire it shall be administered,
it is important that the people shall know how the
Government operates through a majority, and I
would be the last man to take any steps whatever
to put a stop to debate in the Senate of the United
States. Yet upon this particular question I should
agree with my colleague. We have our time meas-
ured now by a law passed by the present Con-
gress for the termination of the session; and in
the distribution of the time of the Senate, and a
reference to the many subjects that will come be-
fore it, it seems to me right that the debate shall
go on unless honorable Senators on that side of
the Chamber, to whom, I presume, it would be
chiefly confined, should believe, of which they are
the best judges, that they can close it to-morrow,
or perhaps the next day. As a matter of expe-
diency only, but with no desire to stop debate
upon it, I have been obliged to vote against an
adjournment; but I will leave it to them within a
reasonable time.
Mr. SEWARD. That is all I asked. I sup-
posed it would go no further than that.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to make one sugges-
tion to the honorable Senator from Virginia. I
think this side of the Chamber appreciate as much
as he does the position in which we stand. I
think we are all aware that we are to adjourn on
the 7th day of June. I do not think that that side
of the Chamber is any more anxious to do it than
this side of the Chamber. If they will trust to
our judgment, candor, and fairness, I have no sort
of doubt, if the matter was left to us, an adjourn-
ment would be had; everybody would consult the
public good, and this debate would be brought to
a close as soon as it could conveniently be done,
and the whole business of the country would be
going along. But if they insist on staying, and
will not give any further time, and should say we
will close the debate to-morrow, it will enlist the
pride of this side of the Senate that you shall not
close it to-morrow night, and delay would come
on a collateral issue instead of meeting the ques-
tion fairly. They are in the majority. Let them
exhibit magnanimity towards us; allow gentle-
men to go on; treat us with candor and liberality,
and if we do not meet you half way, then you can
try the crushing-out process if you think proper.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that we
are wasting time, instead of gaining, by this pro-
cess. We have had, during the last few weeks,
several discussions of this kind, as to arrange-
ments between one side of the Chamber and the
other. Now, it has been said on this side, I be-
lieve, by every Senator who has spoken, that there
is no disposition to delay this matter. So far as
I know anything about it, that is true. We have
lost, now, half an hour in this profitless discus-
sion ; and if we adjourn and meet at the ordinary
hour to-morrow, f can only give my opinion, but
