1858.
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
this marked difference: at Salt Lake it is accord-
ing to their religion', according to their delusion,
according to the law and custom of the place; it
is tolerated and made a matter of conscience:
while in New York and many other places, prac-
tical polygamy exists in violation of our standard
of morals, in violation of the law, in violation of
what a sound virtuous community consider to be
right. There is more practical polygamy now in
many of the cities of this Confederacy than there
is in all Salt Lake. Then, before we get so fierce,
so rampant, and so willing to run these misguided
and deluded people into the mountains, into the
caverns and the gorges, as hiding places, I think
we should be a little considerate, and see if we
cannot correct the evil which lies at our own door.
I have occupied much more time, Mr. Pres-
ident, than I intended; but I desired to set myself
right in the vote 1 should give in reference to the
increase of the Army of the United States. The
proposition t have introduced as a substitute for
that of the Senator from Massachusetts, which is
substantially his proposition with a little variation,
covers, I think, what the President asks. J am
willing to call out whatever number of volunteers
is necessary to meet the emergency and answer
the purposes of the Government; but I want to
call out that description of men that have a coun-
try and care for somebody, and for whom some-
body cares. I do not want to fill up the Army of
this nation with a rabble. I do not want to fill
•up the Army of this nation with those who feel
and have no responsibility, I want the men upon
whom our liberties are to depend in time of bat-
tle to be men who have a country, and who feel
an interest m that country. Stating these as my
views for voting against the original bill and in
favor of the proposition I offer, I conclude by
expressing the hope that the Senate will adopt
the volunteer proposition. If they think proper
afterwards to authorize the War Department to
do so, we will make a contract to do the work for
half the money you propose to pay your "cheap"
men.
Mr. CHANDLER. I understood the Chair to
state that we were first to act on the original bill,
before any action could be taken on the substitute.
Was I correct ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
Both the original bill and the proposed substitute
are before the Senate. Any modification that may
be proposed to either the original bill or the sub-
stitute, must be acted on before the vote for sub-
stituting the one for the other shall be taken. The
original bill is now before the Senate, and open
to amendment or modification. After that, the
substitute is open to amendment or modification.
If no amendment or modiiication be proposed to
either, the question is directly upon the substitu-
tion of the proposition offered jy the Senator from
Tennessee, and accepted by the Senator from
Massachusetts, in lieu of his own amendment to
the original bill.
Mr. CHANDLER, On the adjournment of the
Senate last week, a motion was before the body
to strike out the fourth section of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
lias been withdrawn.
Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely; and if the ori-
ginal bill is now to be perfected, I wish to renew
that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
will be in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to strike out the
fourth section of the original bill.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order.
There is an amendmentto the bill now pending—
the amendment oiFered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; and it is incompetent to offer another
amendment which reaches the original bill, before
we dispose of that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
repeated, and such is the ruling of the Chair, that
when a proposition is offered as a substitute for
the original bill, it is the privilege of the friends
of the original bill to perfect it before taking the
vote on the substitution: and it is also the privi-
lege of the friends of the substitute to perfect that
before the vote on the substitute shall be taken;
so that a motion to strike out the fourth section
of the original bill is now in order.
Mr. IVERSON. If it comes from the friends
of the bill; but is the Senator from Michigan a
friend, of the bill?
Mr. CHANDLER. I make no pretensions of
that kind. I suggest that an amendment may
come from an enemy, as well as a friend.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The quarter
from which it comes makes no difference as to the
question of order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I renew the motion that
the fourth section of the bill be stricken out. It
is well known, sir, that I am opposed to the ori-
ginal bill, from beginning to end, in general and
in detail; and I shall probably vote against it,
however it may be amended; but if it is to pass,
I desire that it may be made as little objectionable
as possible. I have risen now merely to point out
the great injustice which will result from the adop-
tion of the fourth section; and the few remarks I
shall make on this point are based entirely on the
Army Register for this year, which I hold in my
hand.
In my judgment, the remarks made last week
by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, [Mr. Davis,] in regard to this section of
the bill, are entirely fallacious. If we were at this
time reorganizing our Army, and all the appoint-
ments were to be made by rank in the service, it
would not be as objectionable as it is at present,
when we have some fifteen old regiments, and
only four new ones m the service. The effect of
the fouith section, if it be enacted into a law, will
be to degrade the officers in those old regiments,
and place them below others whom they have
heretofore ranked. The chairman of the com-
mittee, when this subject was last under consid-
eration, said:
If a regiment goes out to meet the enemy, oris exposed
to penlous campaigns, oi is exposed to the peni ot'elnnato,
vacancies will occur, and it was thought that those who
shared the hn/,;trd that created the vacancies, were best
entitled to the promotion--."
Now, it is very well known that a regiment
never goes into battle alone, and that all the regi-
ments in our service are equally exposed to the
peiils of climate and to perilous campaigns. Our
regiments are continually changing their positions.
One regiment may be stationed in Florida, or some
other sickly climate, for one or two years, and
then it changes with a regiment from the North,
and goes to a more healthy climate. If I under-
stand our military system, every regiment in the
service is equally exposed to the perils of climate
as well as to the perils of war; and consequently
that argument has no force, the risks being equally
divided. Ti^e officers in all the regiments are per-
fectly willing to take the perils or life and their
chances of promotion. The chairman said, fur-
ther:
Then again, it will sometime5; occur that two lieutenant
colonels of about the same date, being 111 different lesnments
ot the same aim, may have had all that livahy that belongs
to then position.'''
I was surprised to hear that remark from the
Senator from Mississippi, who has himself been
a military man. There must he a very low state
of feeling, there must be a deficient regard for rank
and grade, in our Army, if such a consideration
were allowed to have weight and impair the effi-
ciency of any regiment in the service. Why, sir,
one of the first principles inculcated upon our ca-
dets at West Point is subordination to authority.
It matters not whether one officer is ranked by a
day or by ten years; if he is ranked, he is ranked,
and he knows what his relative position is to be;
nnd those rivalries to which the Senator alluded
have no weight whatever, as I am informed by
those who are conversant with the Army. That
argument falls to the ground.
Further, the Senator said:
" Again, it inevitably follows, that a man promoted into
a lesnnient lie h,t~ not ptevsou-.ly seem a^ a inajoi, lieuten-
ant colonel, or colonel, ignorant of the officers and men. will
he less efficient than a man who had been seivm'iin the regi-
ment, and knew both the officers and men.'5
I am informed by officers of the Army, and
others, that the direct opposite of this proposition
is the fact; that frequently i:i the old regiments
which have been officered by the same men for a
number of years, when you take a new man from
another regiment as commanding officer, he comes
in unbiased and unprejudiced; he looks upon the
facts as they are; and if officer? have been petted
or indulged by their former colonel, he corrects the
abuses which may have existed, and suppresses
dissatisfaction; or, in other words, he repairs
wrongs that may have previously existed in that
regiment, and the efficiency of the regiment is im-
proved rather than damaged by that transfer.
But, sir, I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to a few cases in which gross injustice would
be occasioned by the adoption of the fourth sec-
tion of the original bill. It will be found, oa refer-
ence to the Army Register for 1858, that Brevet
Major L. P. Graham was a captain of three years'
standing, in 1846. By the same Register it will
be found that Delos B. Sackett was at that time
a brevet second lieutenant, at the foot of his regi-
ment, and that he entered the service July 1,
1845. At the battle of Resaca de la Palma, when
the dragoons charged the enemy's batteries, Cap-
tain Graham was the second officer in command,
and received a brevet of major for bis gallant con-
duct on that day. Lieutenant Sackett, on the same
day, received a brevet of first lieutenant. On the
oiganization of the four new regiments, Lieuten-
ant Sackett was made senior captain of the first
regiment of cavalry, and he holds the same rank
as Captain Graham, who was a captain of two
years' standing when Mr. Sackett-graduated at
West Point; and yet there is not a more gallant
and efficient cavalry officer m the service than
Captain Graham.
The next case to which I allude is that of Cap-
tain Wood—and I wish it to be understood that
I do not know any of these officers, but I have
collated from the Register the facts which I pre-
sent to the Senate, and I think they ought tcfrbe
considered. Captain J. T.Wood,in 184G, was bre-
vet sccond lieutenant in the corps of topographical
engineers, at the bottom of the list, and we now
find him second on the list of captains in tho first
regiment of cavalry, and holding rank equal to
Henry H. Sibley, who was captain in 1847 in the
second regiment of dragoons, and was breveted
major for lus gallant conduct in the Mexican
war.
Captain Charles S. Winder joined the Army
as brevet second lieutenant of artillery July 1,
1850, less than five years before the new regi-
ments were formed. He was appointed fourth,
captain m the ninth regiment of infantry in 1855,
not having then been five years in the Army.
A further examination of the Army Register
shows that Daniel Ruggles, who received two
brevets, one of major and one of lieutenant colo-
nel, for gallant service in the war, is fourth cap-
tain m his regiment, although he entered the
Army ill 1833. He was appointed captain in
1846, about the time when Captain Winder waa
entered as a cadet at West Point. Here seems
to be a case of gross injustice and favoritism;
and if you adopt the fourth section, and it shall
become a law, it will place Captain Winde ' on an
exact equality in the line of promotion with Cap-
tain Ruggles, who was breveted both as major
and as lie'utenantcolonel before Captain Winder
entered the service at all. Captain Winder has
never taken any pait ill any war in which wo have
been engaged; and yet the fourth section of the
original bill places him on an exact equality, and
will render him just as likely to be promoted to
major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel, as Captain
Ruggles. This is a case of gross injustice, which
I trust every Senator will see at a glance.
Again, Captain Caleb C. Sibley, the senior cap-
tain'in the fifth regiment of infantry, entered the
Army as brevet sccond lieutenant, m 1829. He
was promoted to a captaincy in 1840. 'By refer-
ence to the Register, you will see that Franklin
Gardner is the senior captain in the tenth regiment
of infantry. Captain Gardner entered the Army
ill 1843, and was made a captain in 1855; and yet
he has the same relative rank in his legiment as
Captain Sibley, who was captain in his regiment
three years before Captain Gardner graduated at
West Point. On a further examination of rank
in the infantry arm, Captain Sibley will be found
to be the senior captain, while Captain Gardner
is the sixty-sixth on the list; and yet, by the
fourth section of the original bill, Captain Gard-
ner will bo placed on an exact equality, with re-
gard to rank, with Captain Sibley.
When you examine the higher officers in the
new regiments, and compare them with the ma-
jors, lieutenant colonels, and colonels of the old
regiments, you will find the same disparity. Let
me take the ninth and the fifth regiments—the
ninth being one of the new regiments, and the
fifth being one of the old. The lieutenant colonel
m the 11111th regiment has been thirty-two years
m service; and the lieutenant colonel m the fifth
regiment thirty-eight years, The senior major in
