ims
THE COmBESSIONAL GLOBE.
it is certainly my opinion, that this matter will
fje settled quite as soon as it will be to sit here
through the whole night. I apprehend the debate
will be closed to-morrow. So far as I know any-
thing about, it, there are very few persons here
who design taking up any considerable time in
discussing this matter; but, as a matter of course,
no individual Senator can say how many persons
will speak upon either side, nor can we anticipate
the time the discussion will take. There is no
attempt, and no desire to delay this thing a mo-
ment. For my own f>art, I am ready to vote now
unless there are persons who wish to speak. If
there are, I will be for giving them a chance.
This is, I believe, in good faith, the understanding
of every Senator. Then why not let us adjourn,
meet here to-morrow, and go on with business?
It seems to me that this is the quickest way of
getting at the question.
Mr. HUNTER. That is what I proposed—
that gentlemen should say, on all sides, that they
would endeavor to bring the debate to a close to-
morrow, if they could; and if they could not, I
did not ask any Senator 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only wish to say to the
Senator, that I do not propose to delay it; nor do
I know of anybody who desires to do so. I am
certain there is no combination to do so. If there
was, I think I should have heard of it. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Several Senators. There is a motion pending.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator will with-
draw it for a moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw that motion,
and move to postpone the further consideration
of this subject until to-morrow.
Mr. GREEN. And make it the special order
for half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, and that it be
made the special order for half past twelve o'clock
to-morrow.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. No
motion is in order until the motion made by the
Senator from New York, upon which the yeas
and nays are ordered, shall be disposed of.
Mr. *1 RUMBULL. A motion to adjourn would
be in order at any time, I apprehend; but I will
not insist upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New York,
that the further consideration of this subject be
postponed to, and made the special order for, half
past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Biglcr, Broileriek, Brown,
Camp,on, Chandler, Claik, Clay, Uollamer, Cuttemloii
Oixoii, OougliM, Durkee, Evans, Pcsm-nden, FiUndtuck
loot, Gwin, Harlan, Houston, Humor, Jones.Kt'ii-
! ru8hi Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilson, and Ynlue—33,
NAYri—Messrs. Bright, Green, Tvevson, Johnson
of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Mallorv. Ma.-on,
ioomb-s, ami Wright—10. '
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. KING. Oh ! no; let us adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is proper that
we should have an executive session. The Sen-
ator from New York knows nothing about the
business for which it is desired. It will not take
more than five minutes.
Mr. KING. A motion to adjourn has been
made.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is important
to the public business that we should have an ex
ecutive session now.
_ ThH PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
011 the Senator from Michigan
that the Senate do now adjourn. °
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope that the
benate will not adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury, transmitting a repoit as to the con-
dition of the banks of the United States, in com-
pliance with the resolution of the House of the
20th July, 1832.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that two thousand
extra copies of that report be printed for the use
of the Treasury Department. I understand that
this information is furnished voluntarily by the
banks to the Treasury Department. Heretofore
the number printed has been twenty-five hundred,
but the Secretary of the Treasury says that two
thousand will be sufficient to answer his purpose.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia, under the rules, goes to the
Committee on Printing.
WAGON ROAD TO THE COLORADO.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the "War Department, in re-
ply to a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the 20th instant, calling for a copy of the
report of the exploration of the wagon load from
Fort Defiance to the Colorado river, in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, with a map of said route,
by Edward F. Bcall, stating that no such report
or map had been received; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
POST OFFICE ADVERTISEMENTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Postmaster General in
reference to post office advertisements in news-
papers; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
LIEUTENANT MAURY.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the concurrent resolution of the Legisla-
ture of the State of New York in relation to Lieu-
tenant Maury, of the United States Navy; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
FORT SWELLING REPORT.
Mr. PETTIT. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. My purpose, in rising, is to make a report
which, by the consent of the House, is allowed
to be made at any time. I am directed by the
committee appointed by the House to inquire into
the facts and circumstances connected with the
sale of the Fort Snelling reservation to makeare-
port, accompanied by resolutions adopted by the
committee, the evidence taken by the committee,
and its journal of proceedings.
Before submitting the report in reference to it,
and moving the action of the House on it, I may
be allowed to say that the committee has not been
fortunate in coming to a unanimous agreement
in facts or conclusions. 1 wish to say, there-
fore, that I bring in this report, at this time, with
the entire concurrence of the committee. The
minority of the committee, consisting of its chair-
man, the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Bur-
nett,] and his associate from the Berkeley district
of Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] will, I understand,
shortly present a report. My purpose, at the in-
stance of the entire committee, is to move that
the report be laid on the table, be printed, and
made a special order in this House for Tuesday,
the ]8th day of May next.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I shall object to its being
made a special order. I am willing that-the report
shall be made, and take its course in the regular
order of business.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I
am not informed as to what action this committee
propose to report, but if it involves any member
of this House, then I make the same point of
order made by me in the last session, that they
have not the right to report, because if, 111 their
investigation, a member is involved, they must
come into the House and ask the permission of I
the House to proceed. j
Mr. PETTIT. I can obviate the objection |
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania by '
f T vi rri + I. A .   1, ~ ~ .1 •
April 27,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 27, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The.Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
.BAMS liY THE UNITED STATES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
stating that there is nothing in the report of this
committee implicating any person connected with
either branch of Congress.
Mr. GROW. Then I withdraw my point of
order.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask that the views of the
minority may also be received, and take the same
course with the report of the majority. The objec-
tion made by the gentleman from North Carolina
to tins report being made a special order, he will
see, by an examination of the resolution under
which the committee have been acting, does not
apply. The committee have the right to report,
and to call it up at any time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I cannot prevent it.
If I could prevent it I would.
The SPEAKER. A simple motion to postpone
to the time indicated will bring the matter up at
that time.
Mr. PETTIT. Then I make the motion that
the report be postponed until Tuesday, the 18th
day of May next, and that the report of the ma-
jority and views of the minority be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT. I am also directed by that com-
mittee to offer this resolution:
Resolved, That the compensation of stenographers em-
ployed by committees under the authority of the House, be
paid, as audited by the Committee of Accounts.
I ask for the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it would
be better to fix.some price by the House. All the
resolutions appointing stenographers or giving
authority for their employment, have provided
that they should be paid the usual compensation.
If there has been any usual rate of compensation
adopted, I am not aware of it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ac-
counts will fix it.
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to the gentleman
from Tennessee that the committee, or myself, at
least, were governed in their action in fixing the
compensation to be paid, by the price paid to the
reporters of the Globe for reporting the proceed-
ings of the House. We followed that rule, sup-
posing that it was right, and that it would meet
the approval of the House; and I now move the
previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before the gen-
tleman does that, I desire to ask him what he pro-
poses under that construction ?
Mr. BURNETT. I do not remember.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana will modify the resolution, I think it will be
better. Let him modify it so as to specify the
amount.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay the resolution
on the table. I do not think this House has any
right to make an appropriation without fixing the
specific amount to be appropriated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has demanded the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask the
chairman of this committee what amount he cer-
tified to the stenographer of his committee?
Mr. BURNETT. The committee employed
two stenographers for nearly the whole time. The
amount winch we indorsed to them for their ser-
vices as stenographers was §1,010.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the demand for the
previous question will be sustained, because if we
are to go into a diseussion over the matter, it
will cost more than the whole amount involved
Mr. SEWARD. If the gentleman will insert
in the resolution the particular sum which the
committee have allowed, I will withdraw my mo-
tion; otherwise I will insist upon it. I do not
think the House have the right to appropriate
money in this indefinite way.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his motion for a moment, to enable me to
make an explanation.
Mr. SEWARD. I will withdraw the motion
to lay upon the table if the amount to be paid is
inserted in the resolution.
^ Ihe motion to lay upon the table was disagreed
The call for the previous question was sec-
onded, and the main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, i demand the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only seven
members voting therefor.
The resolution was adopted,
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. HUGHES obtained the floor, but yielded
