1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
their respective bodies adjourned sine die on Thursday, the
loth of June, at twelve o'clock, m., be, and the same is
hereby, rescinded ; and that the President of the Senate and
the Speaker ol the House of Representatives declare their
respective Houses adjourned sine die on Monday, the 14tli
of June, at twelve o'clock, in.
Mr. MAYNARD. How does that resolution
come before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
asks unanimous consent to take it from the
Speaker's table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move to suspend
the rules.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 128, noes 40.
So (two thirds voting* in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended, and the resolution was taken
from the Speaker's table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I move the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 hope the gentleman will
withdraw his call for the previous question until
I can make a single suggestion to him.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will hear the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. MILLSON. TheSenate propose to extend
the time of the session till the 14th.
Mr. EDIE. I object to debate, unless the pre-
vious question is withdrawn.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I withdrew it only
to listen to the suggestion of thn gentleman from
Virginia.
The SPEAKER. That is objected to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Then 1 renew the
call for the previous question.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 hope the House will vote
down the previous question, and amend the reso-
lution. We are m a peculiar position to know
when we ought to adjourn, and the Senate is not
in that position.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. SAVAGE called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the resolution; and for telleis on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered;and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The question was taken; and on division there
were—ayes 125, noes 35.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed, without amendment,
a lull of the House (No. 647) to change the time
of holding the spi ing term of the district court of
the United States for the western district of the
State of Texas.
Also, that the Senate had passed the bill of the
House (No. 243) making appropriations for the
service of the Army, for the year ending June 30,
1859, with amendments, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate insist on their amend-
ments, disagreed to by the House, to the bill of
the House (No. 200) making appropriations for
certain civil expenses of the (government for the
year ending June 30,18G9, disagree to the amend-
ments of the House to other amendments of the
Senate, ask a conference upon the said disagree-
ing votes, and have appointed Mr. Hunter, Mr.
Fessenden, and Mr. Bigler, as managers at the
said conference on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate have adopted a resolution
directing the return of the following enrolled bills,
and requesting that the Speaker of this House may
be authorized to cancel hi3 signature, upon the
same, and that the engrossed bills of the same
titles may bo returned to the Senate, to enable
them to correct their report thereon to the House
of Representatives:
An act (H. R. No, 2G7) for the relief of Timo-
thy O'Keeffee: and
An act (H. II. No. 35G) for the relief of Ros-
well Minard, father of Tfceodore Mmard, de-
ceased.
AH MY AND NAVY APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to refer the Senate amend-
ments to the Army bill to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and have them ordered to be
printed.
No objection being made, the report was re-
ceived, and the Senate amendments ordered to be
printed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I also move that
the House insist on its disagreeing vote on the
miscellaneous bill, and agree to a committee of
conference.
Mr. CLEMENS, f object to a committee of
conference. I think the Senate have usurped
legislative power enough this session.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act(S. No. 127)
to repeal the fifth section of an actentitled "An act
to authorize the register orenrollment, and license
to be issued in the name of the president or sec-
retary of any incorporated company owning a
steamboat or vessel," approved March 3, 1825.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE WATROUS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the House to receive
the memorial of Judge Watrous, presented this
morning; that it be printed, and that the whole
case be postponed till twelve o'clock ou Friday.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up the mes-
sage from the Senate relative to its disagreeing
votes on bill No. 200, with a view that 1 may
!' move that the House insist on its'disagrecmg
votes to the amendments of the Senate, and that
a committee of conference be granted.
; Mr. CLEMENS. 1 object.
i: Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to suspend
j the rules.
11 The motion was agreed to, and the rules were
it suspended.
j Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now move that
J: the House insist on its disagreeing vote to the
civil appropriation bill, and consent to the request
of the Senate to grant a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Phelps
of Missouri, Howard, and Phillips, were ap-
pointed manageis of the snid committee of con-
ference on the part of the House.
RESOLUTION FOR RECESS.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the House (or the Committee of the
Whole, if the House ?0m)l he in committee sit the time) will
this day take a recess fiom loui, ]> m., to six, p. in.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I should
like to know what lime will be saved by taking a
recess from four to six p. m. We had better sit
till seven, and then adjourn.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It will save us
four hours at lepsi.
Mr. LETCHER. The members of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means are kept here the
WMole day, while other gentlemen mure, take
their dinner, smoke their cigats, and then re-
turn.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would
say to the gentleman that 1 have not done so. I
have been here every day.
Mr. LETCHER. I speak of the members gen-
erally.
Mr. SAVAGE. I object to the resolution.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to suspend
the rules.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
135, noes 21.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were Fiispended.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, i ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to allow me to report
from the Committee on Ways and Means on the'
Senate amendments to the naval appropriation
bill, and to have them referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed. I also move that they be
made the special order in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, till they are
disposed of, ajid that general debate upon them
shall close in ten minutes after their consideration
is taken up.
Mr. SAVAGE. Is there any necessity for
making this-a special order? Has it not a prece-
dence over other bills, without the order of the
House ?
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands
the condition of business in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the loan bill
has precedence over it.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE WATROUS.
Mr. READY. I desire to make a motion to
dispose of the case against Judge Watrous for
the present session. The case was set down for
consideration for this day. I am satisfied that at
this late period of the session it is impossible to
give the case that deliberate and thorough inves-
tigation which its importance demands, so that
the House may be able to do justice to the pub-
lic, and to the individual especially interested.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is the
question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
lules, and go into the Committee of the Wht>le
on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business.
The motion of Mr. J. Glancy Jones was
agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union? (Mr. Stephens,
of Georgia, in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, being the
amendments of the Senafe to the
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BIIX.
The report of the Committee of Ways and
Means was read.
Mr.BOCOCK. I observe, from the report which
has just been read, that a particular amendment
to tliis bill, made by the Senate, has not been ap-
proved by the Committee of Ways and Means. I
wish, in the ten minutes allowed me, to ask the
House to disagree with the Committee of Ways
and Means in their recommendation, and to con-
cur in that amendment of the Senate, with an
amendment which I propose to offer. The com-
mittee will perhaps anticipate at once that the
amendment to which I allude is that which au-
thorizes the construction of six small sloops-of-
war. A few days ago, when this bill was first
before the committee, a few minutes were allowed
me to make some remarks in relation to this sub-
ject. I had only twenty minutes then, an&could
not go at length into it; and I have only ten min-
utes now, and 1 shall, therefore, be far less able
to do full justice to it now than 1 was then. Still,
1 wish to suggest some considerations to the com-
mittee, which, in my opinion, ought to induce
them to adopt my proposition.
I stated to the House before, that the Secretary
of the Navy, in his annual report, recommended
the construction of ten small sloops-of-war. I
gave an outline of the arguments in favor of the
construction of these vessels. In consequence of
the improvements which have been maae in the
mode of propelling vessels and in the construc-
tion of guns, small steamers have thus been ren-
dered comparatively far more efficient than they
formerly were. The steamers provided for in the
amendment of the Senate, and the number of
which I propose to increase to ten, would carry
about ten of the largest of Dahlgren's guns. As
I stated to the committee on a former occasion,
these small vessels may send as large a ball, and
send it. as far, and senJ it with as much force, as
the larger vessels; and then even one of the large
balls or shells from one of these small vessels,
striking a vessel of the largest class, might either
sink or disable it. The small vessel has the ad-
vantage of the larger one, in exposing a smaller
mark to the aim of the antagonist.
The next proposition that I submitted on the
