1858.
►THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
ished his political friends not to increase the Army
as a permanent military establishment at the pres-
ent time, but to authorize the President to raise
an additional force if he shall come to the conclu-
sion that it is necessary. The Senator has told
the Senate that we ought to diminish the extraor-
dinary expenses of the Government. I hope
his admonitions will be regarded by his political
friends; and that the Senators on this side of the
Chamber will also profit by them. I noticed this
morning an article in the official journal 
A Senator. What is that ?
Mr. WILSON. The WashingtonUnion, Isup-
pose, is the official journal; at any rate it assumes
that character. I noticed m that paper this morn-
in°' another of those articles which the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, (ho other day, pronounced
to be " flippant," and I think the same descrip-
tion applies to the article of to-day. It tells us
that to increase the Army will reduce the Army
expenses. It says that if we add to the Army
five regiments we shall not increase the expendi-
ture, for it has already cost more to transfer regi-
ments from one part of the country to another as
the service demanded, than it will to increase the*
number of regiments and keep them permanently
stationed on the frontiers. Our experience does
not justify this assumption. Three years ago we
added four regiments to the Army and the expend- i
itures of the military establishment have gone !
up more rapidly than this increase of men. The \
experience of the country shows that when you :
add to the numbers in the Army, you increase j
the expenditures per man in a still greater ratio. '
I do not mean to say that the addition of three or
five regiments at this time will increase the ex- j
penses in this proportion; I am not sure that it j
would; but we all know chat the addition of three t
regiments or five regiments to the permanent mil-
itary force of the country must increase the an-
nual expenditures of the Government for years
to come.
I trust the. Senate will agree to the amend-
ment I offered yesterday, as it has been improved
by the proposition presented to-day by the Sena-
tor from Tennessee. I should have put it in that
shape, if I had not feared it would lose support
from some quarters, from Senators who sustain
the Administration. The amendment, as modified
at his suggestion,authorizes the President of the
United States to raise volunteers to be used ill the
Territory of Utah to maintain the authority of the
Federal Government there, to suppress any re-
bellion existing there, and to protect the people
of the United States who pass from the Missis-
sippi valley to the Pacific coast. I hope thatprop-
ositioii will receive the sanction of Congress; and
that the President, ifhe needs this force, will sum-
mon it into the field; but ifhe lias force enough, as j
I thmk he has in the Army ofthe United States, as j
it now exists, he will not summon three or four <
thousand volunteers into the service in the present j
condition of the country, when our Treasury is I
more than empty. I
I thank the Senator from Tennessee for having j
said, what perhaps in some sections it requires |
some courage to say, that we ought to deal with i
the Mormons in Utah as Christian men should j
deal with other men. Words have been uttered |
in Congress and 111 the public press, in regard to j
the Utah troubles, which should receive the stern I
condemnation ofevery Christian man in America, j
The Mormons, in 1848, went across the country |
to their new homes in the gorges of the mount- j
aias, and there are now some sixty thousand of j
them there. They have a city at Salt Lake, with |
about twelve thousand inhabitants. They are j
a people remarkable for their industry; but they i
have adopted a false religion, as we all believe.
They have adopted the system of polygamy,
which has made their name infamous in this coun-
try and throughout the world. I am told, how-
ever, that there are only about one thousand I
polygamists in the whoIeTerritory,and the great j
mass of the Mormons are not polygamists. Ee
this as it may, nobody has yet proposed m Con- ,
gress, to my knowledge, to pass a law prohibit
bloodshed, in civil war, in blotting them out, and
scattering them broadcast over the world, or driv-
ing them out of our own country. I read to-day
with pain the letter of the commanding officer
of our Army in that Territory, in which he ex-
presses the opinion that the Mormons will resist,
that this will lead to war, and that the people of
the United States should desire and welcome it.
Sir, for myself, I welcome no contest in anv part
of this country between the Army of the Tlnited
States and any portion of the American people,
however deluded .they may be. This remark of
the military commander in that Territory will, I
think, be received, as it ought to be received, with
regret,and with disapprobation by the country.
The people of Utah complain that we have sent
there unworthy persons as officers of this Gov-
ernment. Nobody doubts that; but I do not see
that it justifies them in their conduct. Let them
come to this Government as they should come;
let them represent their wrongs, and I think we
shall redress them. I believe the great mistake
was originally made when President Fillmore ap-
pointed Brigham, the head saint among them,
Governor of the Territory of Utah. I have been
told by Senators that when that appointment was
made, and since it was made, the Mormons all
over Europe regarded it as sanctioning, by this
Government, their religion, and that thousands
of them have flocked to this country and gone to
Utah on account of this recognition by the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
I suppose this increase of the military force of
the nation, if made at all, will be made in view of
the difficulties in Utah Territory. The Senator
from New York who has sustained this bill, put
it on tins ground, and this ground only. The
President of the United States asked for a force
for that purpose, and so did the Secretary of War;
and I think" the only reason which has been as-
signed of any weight whatever for increasing the
military force of the country is in reference to
Utah. For one, I am ready to vote the men and
the money necessary to execute the laws and pre-
serve the peace in that Territory, and I do not
wish to stand in any other position here. I be-
lieve we shall accomplish all that is necessary by
the passage of the substitute of the Senator from
Tennessee authorizing the President, if he needs
an additional force, to raise four thousand volun-
teers or any less number, to be used in the Terri-
tory of Utah. I hope the Senate will sustain that
proposition.
Mr. IVERSON. The first question, I believe,
is on the motion to strike out the fourth section
of the original bill, and on that question I desire
to submita few remarks to the Senate; and I may
possibly submit some remarks on the main ques-
tion, on the substitution of volunteers for an in-
crease of the regular force, when that question
comes up in its proper order.
The fourth section provides that promotions,
hereafter, shall be by regiments, and not by arms
of service, as heretofore. The gentlemen on the
other side of the Chamber and everywhere, all
admit that it is founded on a correct principle.
The Senator from New York has admitted that
it is a correct principle, and he says that if it had
been proposed to be applied at the first organiza-
tion of the Army it ought to have been applied.
The Senator from Massachusetts agrees with
him, and makes the same admission; and so does
every Senator who has spoken. Even the Senator
from Michigan has acknowledged that it is a cor-
rect principle; but he says it might operate harshly
and unjustly in half a dozen cases, and therefore
he objects to its application on the present occa-
sion. If it be a correct principle, ought it not to
be adopted at some time? And I ask Senators
what better time can you select to adopt it than
the present? If it be correct, it ought to be adopt-
ed. When is it to be adopted' Will a better
time ever arrive than the present? It seems to me
not; because, no matter to what extent of time the
Army may go down for all time to come, the same
objection will exist—that, if you adopt this prin-
ciple, it will overslaugh three or four or half a
is, io my luhiwicuge, t-'*v „ , ^
and pumshin"- polygamy in the Territory of i dozen others who are older than those who will
1, an r (hink wfi ouffht to do in that Territory I be promoted in regiments. That will bethe argu-
ing ,.b —j ---
Utah, as I think we ought to do in that Territory : be promoted
and in every other. , > ™ent always. There never will be a time when
But, sir,' this system of theirs has brought j
down upon them the condemnation of the coun
try; and there are persons who would welcome a
you can more properly adopt this pri nciplo, vvhich
every gentleman admits to be correct. AH reforms
necessarily must do some injustice; but are reforms
that Territory which should result in H never to be adopted because they necessarily carry
some injustice with them? I think that, surely,
is not a correct rule of action.
I do not think that much harm will be done by
the application of this principle to the Army in
its present condition and at the present time, if
I know anything about its material. Whenever
you form new regiments, the very best material
is always selected to command those regiments.
In relation to the newregiments formed recently,
I undertake to say, notwithstanding the sneers of
the Senator from Michigan, that there are no bet-
ter officers in the American Army than have been
Cut over the heads of those regiments. They have
een selected with great care with reference to
their skill and ability for command. Take the two
regiments of cavalry—the first and second cav-
alry; where will you find a better set of officers in
our service, or any service in the world, than com-
pose the field ana company officers of those two
regiments ? The gentleman now commanding in
Utah, who has been selected by the President out
of the whole Army to put in command of that
hazardous and important expedition, is at the
head of one of those regiments, the second cav-
alry. The officers of'those two regiments, and of
the infantry regiments that were formed at the
same time, are men selected for their eminent
ability. Some of them were taken from private
life; and the same objection would apply to them
that the Senator from Michigan has presented to
the selection of younger officers from old regi-
ments, to take places in the new ones.
I think that when new regiments are formed,
generally speaking the material of those regiments
is made up by selections out of the Army. The
President has the Whole field of the Army from
which to select; but ordinarily, and I am very
sure it is so, as far as my observation has gone,
the selections made have proved eminently bene-
ficial to the service. The way the old plan oper-
ates is this: when new regiments were formed,
young officers are taken—men of science, men of
talent, men of ability—young, active, and enter-
prising men are putin command; but if one of the
officers dies, his place is taken by some old fogy
who belongs to some of the old regiments, and he
comes into the family of this new regiment for the
purpose ofdisturbing them and commanding them.
The officers of a regiment are a family circle as
it were, and they do not want, and ought never
to have, any intruder to come into it against their
will and wishes. The operation of the present
system is, that if any of the gallant young officers
who have been selected by the President on ac-
count of extraordinary merit and put in command
of new regiments, die or resign, their places are
filled by old, worn-out, and superannuated veter-
ans in the older regiments.
An instance has just occurred which illustrates
the way this system works. Here were three men
promoted recently, by the action of the present
Senate, to the command of colonels and lieuten-
ant colonels in some of the regiments by seniority.
Those men were called upon for service for the
last four or five years by the Secretary of War,
who asked them to join their regiments, and the
report was, invariably," sick." They got certifi-
cates from their family physicians that they were
sick, and unable to do military duty, and there-
fore they were excused. They are called upon
i this year to join their regiments, and the report is,
| " sick;" next year they are called upon, and the
! answer is, " sick;" the next year they are called
| upon—" sick;" until finally, by the death of some
! other officers in other regiments, these gentlemen
' happen to get promotion, and then the Secretary"
! of War calls on them, "join your regiments; and
i if you do not, I will strike you from the roll,
i They join their regiments, but it is only for the
i purpose of avoiding being stricken from the rolls
i and to get promotion, that they are found well
i enough to do so.
! Is it just and proper that such men, old, super-
annuated, and worn out, should be appointed to
command ? If they were truly infirm, they ought
not to be put over the heads of old and energetic
officers. If they were playing " possum," they
ought to have been discharged from the service.
Thatisthe way this system operates. Theseold,
superannuated, worn-out men, who are either in-
firm absolutely, or pretending to be sick so as to.
shirk duty, are now by your system put over the
heads of superior young, active, energetic officers,
who arc in .hose regiments. Once commence the
