744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
plan proposed by the fourth section of this bill,
and after you get rid of a few of the old men, it
will go on and work well, and then promotion in
each regiment will take place in the regiment.
That is a system which I think every gentleman
concedes to be a proper one if you select a proper
time to commence it. I think there is no more
proper time than the present, and I trust the sec-
tion will not be stricken out.
Mr. STUART. I wish to state some facts on
this subject which have been communicated to
me. It will be remembered that the other day I
moved to strike out the fourth section, hut with-
drew the motion for the purpose of enabling the
Senator from Virginia to offer his substitute.
Perhaps the best comment that can be made is an
illustration contained in a letter to me:
"The senior major of infantry entered the seivicem 18-24,
has been a major since 1850, and is, of course, now Uie in at
for piomotion,having ten colonels, and ten lieutenant colo-
nels to make a vacancy for him, while by the fourth sec-'
tion of the bill he can only be promoted liy a vacancy occur-
ring in the place of colonel or lieutenant colonel in Ins own
regiment. The senior major of the ninth infautty, who is
fourteenth on the list of majors, entered the Aimy m 1837,
was promoted a maior by selectiqn 111 1855, and under the
present system would not be promoted to a lu'iiteiiaut colo-
nelcy m less than eight or ten years; hut if this bill p<e.
his chance lor promotion will be a* good a - that ot the senior
major, and he may be promoted belofe all who now iank hnri.
" The senior captain of mfantiy entered the Anny in 1829,
was promoted to be captain in 1810; and there are now foity
field officers to make a vacancy tor him. Under the piovis-
ions of this bill lie can only nil the vacancy ot one ot' the
four field officers of his own lemment The senioi captain
Of the tenth infantry enteied tiic seiviee in 1818, was pio-
moted by selection to be captain m 1855, is now sixry-MXth
on the list of captains, and, by tin.! bill, lus chance lor a
majority is just a- good as the liist captain's, and lie may he
promoted before bun." t
This communication is from an officer of great
intelligence and experience; and it seems to me to
present a difficulty that will exist at any time m
adopting a section in this form. I, with the little
military experience I have had, and it is very Utile,
would agree that this principle might be adopted
in a bill which was prepared carefu+ly for the pur-
pose, and without any difficulty might make ex-
ceptional cases, a few of them now, so as to enter
into a general law, which might, perhaps, operate
well. I am not prepared, however, to subscribe
to it so fully as some gentlemen.
I think my friend from Ohio has gone a little
too far when he charges upon the officers all the
delinquency. They are subject to orders by the
President through the Societal y of Wai. lie
may order any part of the military establishment
to any particular service he chooses. It is no
fault of those who are not ordered there that they
do not go. lie may order some to the frontier,
others to our fortifications, just where in lusdis-
cretion and judgment lie thinks they should be.
But is it just, they being all subject to tins mili-
tary discipline, that a system should be thrown m
without exception changing the whole hue ol'pro-
motion m the Anny? It seems to'me not. It is
always a inattei of very great difficulty to under-
take to introduce any such genctal revision of law
as that which is proposed here. Whenever it is
done, it should be done carefully. It should he
done in a separate measure by itself and not
thrown into a general bill increasing the Anny.
There may be very much in what has just been
said by the (Senator from Georgia, but when that
argument was introduced on this lloor and sought
to be used with some effect in regard to ineiTiciciit
officers in the Navy, it pioduced no effect at all.
X stand on the ground on which I stood then,
and 1 would stiikc these officers from the list and
send them out of the Army if 1 hey would report,
themselves si"lr when that report was untrue. I
would do thatsame thingin the Navy, tin J 1 would
do it everywhere where officer-; saw fit to demean
themselves ill that way. It is no answrr, how-
ever, to the objections to this section. If there be
such cases as the Senator from Georgia alludes to,
let the individual thus perpetrating that suit of
conduct be promptly ejected finm the service; but
a meritorious officer, and a meritorious set of offi-
cers, could not be in any wise injured by that spe-
cies of conduct.
The simple question now is, will the Senate in-
troduce into a bill for the temporary inciease of
the Army, a new system of promotions, which,
upon the very face of it, is seen to produce at
"once the injuries alluded to in the letter winch I
have read? Is there any just compensation to be
derived from it? Is the public service, so far as
the Senate is advised, now suffering on account
of the presentlaw of promotion ? Not that weare
advised of. It is only an opinion put forth that
this principle is a better one than the one which
now exists,as a principle. I am not prepared to
concede theargument of the Senator from Georgia,
that everything which is true in principle ought
to be promptly adopted. I think that the expe-
lience in legislation which the honorable Senator
himself has had, will show him that that is a
course of proceeding that is unsafe. Abstract
principles cannot always, they cannot very fre-
quently, be introduced at once into a general
system of legislation, if they are contrary to that
system, without working manifest injury. We
may imitate the laws of nature in legislation, so far
as we can, with great propriety. Great radical
changes are accomplished, but so slowly and reg-
ularly as not in the least to disturb the harmony
of the great system itself. That is the way to in-
troduce reforms, whenever it is necessary, into
anysystem ofgovernment—notby sudden revolu-
tion, producing disastrous consequences ; but by
a careful application of a great, correct principle,
discreetly and prudently, and no faster than it can
be done with justice.
Now, sir, inasmuch as I see no good to arise
from thus changing unqualifiedly, and without
saving the rights of individuals, the order of pro-
motion in the Army, I think it better that this
section should be stricken out. As 1 do not wish
to detain the Senate unnecessarily on this subject,
believing that the facts tn my possession have been
fairly presented, and that they arc such as ought
to induce the Senate, in this place, to waive the
adoption of this principle, I am content.
Mr. PUGII. I wish to say a word or two in
reply to the Senator from Michigan. I do not
understand him as yet to impugn the correctness
of the principle. Then I ask, as the Senator from
Georgia says, why not apply it? What is your
| Army for? Is it to accommodate the officers ? Is
I that all ? You want an efficient army; you want
! that army which, with the smallest number of
j officers and men, will accomplish the mostservice.
1 That is the end to be looked at, and to do that cer-
j tainly all military experience shows that a rivalry
| between regiments, emulation, and identification
I of officers with regiments, will give you the most
i efficient military corps.
Now, sii, what is your present system ? As I
stated before, you promote by companies within
the regiment, you promote by lieutenants from
the grade of second to first, and from that to cap-
tain. During all the most useful part of their lives,
they are identified with the particular regiment,
they become acquainted with the officers, with the
: non-commissioned officers, and with many of the
| privates; they are accustomed to the usages of
' that legiment. By and by, they are transferred
! to a legunent of which they do not know a single
| non-commissioned ofHeer, and. perhaps, not a
| single one of the commissioned officers. What
i is the consequence? When a captain rises to the
I rank of major he has to learn again all that lie lias
| been learning in the regiment from which he was
' tivuisfericd. That is tiio reason why your regi-
: incuts hick efficiency. It is a positive injury to
the servicc.
Not only is the proposed change good in prin-
ciple, but the present practice is as had as the
pi aetice can be, and why .should it not be changed ?
The Senator from Michigan says it will injure
i the chances of promotion. If any gentleman's
vested righ ts are interfered with that is a question;
1 but we do not touch a commission. We simply
j prevent some gentleman from getting what he
I hopes to sret: not what he has, but what he hopes
I to get. What is the difficulty with every change ?
!j Whenever you propose to reform a bad practice,
jl to cut up an abuse by the roots, you are told, if
you do so, some gentleman will be prevented ftom
1 obtaining what lie wants. I am exactly in favor
of preventing them from obtaining this. I do not
wish to see a captain of the first regiment of in-
fantry promoted to be a major in the tenth regi-
| ment. Let him stay in the first regiment, where
he belongs. Let him stand with it m prosperity
| and adversity. If it goes into the field and dis-
tinguishes itself, let him bear a part of that dis-
tinction. K it remains in the interior of the coun-
! try, free from toil, free from hardship, free from
I exposure, let that compensate him for the loss of
i his expected rank.
The Senator from Michigan says they are all
subject to the orders of the Secretary of War and
they ought not to be blamed for being in this place
in preference to that. We all know that in the
Army, as in civil life, the War Department is
continually overrun with applications from offi-
cers to give them this, that, or the other desirable
post. Military men are like civilians; they have
no idea of doing hard work if they can help it,
and they like easy posts, and they will take them
if they can get them by influence over the Presi-
dent or Secretary. It comes back at last, as I said
before, to this: will you take a regiment in the
field, which has been in the fieid for years, and
promote over the heads of all the captains in it
some man who for ten or fifteen years has been
staying at home or commanding one of the posts
on the sca-board, and finds himself suddenly pro-
moted to be the commander of this regiment. I
think it is a gross abuse, and it ought to be rem-
edied; and the only question is, shall it be rem-
edied now ?
The Senator from Michigan says, do not do it
now; it may be very good, but put it off until to-
•morrow; let us have a general bill, and let us look
into the thing. That will be the argument to the
end of time, and it will always be so. Now is
the time; now you have the subject before you.
If you intend to pass the bill for volunteers it is
not material; but if you intend to pass the original
bill to add new companies to the regiments, now
is the time to make this reorganization of the
Army. It will add more efficiency to the Army
of the United States than all your thirty compa-
nies. It will give them more vigor, more life,
more emulation, it will put new courage and new
spirit into the live officers of your Army to let
them see that they have a chance of promotion,
instead of being forever overslaughed by those
officers who are not disposed to do their duty in
the field. I say, in my judgment, if the original
bill is to pass, this is the best section in it; and I
would be in favor of this section if no other part
of it be retained.
AVe know the fact that at the time of the Mex-
ican war many of our regiments were commanded
in the field by the fourth or fifth captain—its field,
officers and three or four of its senior captains
reporting themselves unable for duty. They took
all the pay. They did not perform.the duty. It
was performed by the junior officers. I have seen
lieutenants with gray heads, grayer than any I see
m the Senate Chamber; and I say that that is the
fault of the system. The Army is weighed down
by that incubus; and the only way I see to rem-
edy it, is as the Committee on Military Affairs
now propose.
We hear a great deal about the righteousness
of promotion by seniority. We all know why
it has been adopted in our service. It is an objec-
tionable system; but, all things considered, in
time of peace and time of war together, it offers
less ground of controversy. It is not the system
in all other armies. It is not the best system. In
time of war it is the worst system. I believe that
in the French army half the promotions only are
by seniority, and the rest by order of merit. But
it will be the same thing: a man who has been
twenty years a major will insist that he shall be
the next lieutenant colonel, although he may not
be half as well qualified for it as some captain in
the line.
How was it in the Mexican war? You took
Zacliary Taylor, colonel of the eighth infantry,
brevet brigadier general, and you made him a
major general, over the head of twenty of his
seniors, and you were rewarded for it. You took
a man of true military genius and ability, and it
redounded to the honor of the country. So it will
be as often as you act in that spirit.
It is to counteract the evils of the system of
promotion by seniority, that brevets have been
introduced into the Army, and they have been a
pregnant source of quarrel. The only reason that
1 have always been in favor of the system of bre-
vets, was that they were necessary to counteract
the evils of promotion by seniority.
How do you now get at it? "Vou take a cap-
tain: if he stays in his own regiment ho only
ranks as a captain below one of those majors of
twenty or thirty years' standing, who has never
rendered any particular service; but this captain
distinguishes himself, and you give him a brevet
as a major, as a lieutenant colonel, and finally as
