1830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
House yesterday, was concocted by some other
person or persons Maliciously,and was presented
here for the purpose of giving it importance and
embodying it in the official proceedings of this
btidy; that it was peddled round the House and
offered to othergentlemen than the gentleman from
New York, who declined to be made the supple m-
strumen ts for carrying out the cold-blooded malice
of whoever it was that originated this thing; and
that, finally, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Spinner] accepted the task. It will appear fur-
ther, sir, that notwithstanding the resolution was
promptly ruled out of order by the Presiding Of-
ficer of this body, and the scandalous part of it
reflecting upon my two colleagues upon this floor
was thus suppressed, the whole resolution was
immediately telegraphed off to the New York
newspapers, and will be brought to us by this
evening's mail. It will appear farther—ana I un-
dertake to prove it—that the gentleman from New
York, after the House had adjourned, stated that
he did not desire a committee to be raised when
he introduced the resolution, and that his purpose
was accomplished.
If these facts are proved, how will this case
stand? I say that they are susceptible of proof;
and how will the case then stand ? This is not
the first time, during this session, when a mem-
ber of this House, under the pretense of getting
up an investigation 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must confine
himself to the matter now before the House.
Mr. HUGHES. That is what I propose to do.
Voices on the Republican side of the House.
"Oh, let him go 011!" and "There is no objec-
tion on this side !"
Mr. HUGHES. I say that this is not the first
time, this session, that a gentleman has offered a
resolution for the action of the House proposing
an investigation founded upon newspaper slan-
ders. Now, sir, the resolution upon its face con-
tains nothing proper for legislative consideration,
nothing proper for legislative action, nothing
proper for legislative information. If the facts
and circumstances which I state arc proved in
connection with this matter, the truth is transpa-
rent that it was a stab at members upon this floor,
at the Commissioner of the Land Office, and at a
Senator; and that it was using the proceedings of
this House for the purpose of giving importance
and poignancy to that stab.
Now, the question is, will this House tolerate
this kind of proceeding? The question is, does
the dignity of this House demand that if such a
case is brought before it, it shall express its con-
demnation? I hold, sir, that it is the duty of the
House to express its disapprobation ofthis course,
and its official disapprobation. I hold, sir, that
any member of this body who makes himself re-
sponsible for an act of this sort, is subject to the
ccnsure of tlic House, and ought to be censured;
and much more so where, as in this case, as soon
as the attack is made, technical objections and
clamor are raised to smother a defense.
I call theattention of the House, further, to the
circumstances under which this resolution was
imposed upon the House. The House having un-
der consideration a resolution for the purpose of
permitting nightsessions, and considerable diver-
sity of opinion appearing to exist upon that sub-
ject, the official report shows that the gentleman
from NewYork put his resolutionin in this way:
" Mr. Spinner. I thmk this difficulty can be sot along
with if tile House will allow ine to offer a resolution."
The gentleman from New York then rose in his
place and staled that which conveyed the idea
that if the House would hear a resolution which
he proposed, it would solve this difficulty as to
whether the House should have night sessions or
not. This, sir, I will not characterize. I will not
say what it was, or what sort of treatment of the
House it was. I leave each member of the House
to his own judgment upon that subject. To this
appeal of the gentleman from New York, the
Speaker responded as follows:
"The gentleman from New York asks unanimous con-
sent to offer 11 resolution. Is there any objection ? The
CIkm lie.us no objection."
I submit to you, Mr. Speaker, and to the mem-
bers of this House, whether, if the true character
or that resolution had been declared, and it had
been made known that it was another attempt to
put upon this House the irresponsible and infa-
mous attacks of newspapers upon public men,
there would have been no objection ? Every mem-
ber upon this floor knows that there would have
been objection. But under the pretense that the
gentleman was about to offer something that was
calculated to relieve the House from the embar-
rassment in which they then were, growing out
of the diversity of opinion upon the question
whether or not they should have night sessions,
this covert attack upon a member of a coordinate
branch of this Congress, who has no right to be
heard upon this floor, upon a public functionary
who has no right to be heard upon this floor, and
upon two members of this House, was in part
placed upon the record, and failing to place it all
there, the telegraph was invoked to do the rest.
Does the dignity of this House demand that such
a course as this should be rebuked, or is this
House to be made the conduit, the sewer through
which to reproduce th emendax infamia of a debased
and prostituted press?
Sir, I say that in presenting this resolution to
the House, I have done no more than what was
due, not alone to the character of the individuals
^issailed, but to the dignity and character of the
House itself, If, in the judgment of the House,
the facts are not sufficiently set forth in the res-
olution; if, in the judgment of the members,
witnesses ought to be summoned and examined,
and the allegations of the member from New
York sifted to the bottom before any censure is
cast upon him, so be it. I have no objection to
that course. I have no objection to this resolu-
tion being referred to a committee, with power to
examine into the charges made by the member
from New York,andinto the charge which I now
make against him; and that the whole truth of the
matter be reported to the House, to be followed
by such action as the House may deem proper.
It has been suggested to me, and I have seen it
in the newspapers, that the point of this accusa-
tion was favoritism in the Land Office. Well,sir,
waiving the question whether it is a properchargc
for this House to occupy itself about, I inquire
if the member from New York has any knowl-
edge of any favoritism, or can vouch for the truth
of the insinuation? Why, sir, upon the face of
his resolution he presents his authority—two or
three newspaper paragraphs. If this House will
resolve itself into a tribunal to try one charge of
that character, then it ought to open the door to
all such charges, and try them all. And how much
else would the House do if it should sit here from
year to year without adjournment. That is not
a sufficient ground for such a charge, and I think
the House will so regard it.
I propose to show affirmatively, by proof, that
the gentleman from New York declared that he
did not want a committee, but had accomplished
his purpose. The House can from that infer
whether any honest zeal for the correction of
abuses actuated the introduction of that resolu-
tion, or whether it was introduced for another
purpose.
I do not know that I ought to detain the House
further. I have no personal connection with the
matter m any form whatever. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office is a citizen of my own
State, and is a gentleman above suspicion and
above reproach. The Senator alluded to is my
personal and political friend, whose character is
beyond the reach of such attacks. My colleagues
upon this floor can take care of themselves. Had
1 been permitted yesterday to state the substance
of what I now state, and to have appealed to the
justice and magnanimity of the gentleman from
New York himself, it was all that I desired to do.
But, sir, I was prevented, and how prevented ?
Why, sir, when the fact is taken into considera-
tion, the hot haste to send off this scandalous re-
port on the wings of the lightning, while all ex-
planation was to be stifled by irregular and dis-
orderly clamor, it adds another and darker shade
to the whole proceeding.
I do not profess to have much skill in parlia-
mentary rules, and I am very well aware that 1
am liable to be frequently out of order, and am
willing to be set right in the proper way. But,
sir, I recognize the right of no set of men to sit
in their seats, and by clamor put me down. If I
am called to order it must be done in accordance
with the rules which they profess to vindicate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to complete a sentence, which, as left, might.
seem to do injustice to the Committee of Ways
and Means ? I did not mean to say that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means technically objected
to the other committees of the House reporting;
but that the course taken by that committee pro-
duced that result. I am willing that they shall
report, but 1 desire that it shall be done in the
icgular order of business in the morning hour,
when the committees are called for reports, and I
hope they may have an opportunity to report in
that manner before long.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Mr. Speaker 
Mr, CAMPBELL. I call the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to order. My colleague from the
Western Reserve district was not, the other day,
allowed to make an explanation.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I desire to make
a statement in reply to the gentleman from North
Carolina.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope the Chair
will not permit remarks to be made upon the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, when there is to be
no opportunity of replying.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania must protect his own rights in that re-
spect. Whenever a question of order is raised,
the Chair will enforce it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. All I wished to say
was, that the Committee of Ways and Means had
occupied but a small portion of the time of the
House, the time being nearly all taken up by the
debate on Kansas, when their bills were under
consideration in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HUGHES. I will say, in conclusion, that
I have presented this matter to the House as I un-
derstand it, and as I sincerely believe it is capa-
ble of being proved. I do not know all about this
resolution which the gentleman from New York,
who introduced the resolution, knows. It is very
possible that, upon a full examination, it might
have a different appearance. I have offered this
resolution. I would have preferred to offer a res-
olution proposing to raise a committee to inquire
into this whole matter; but, under the rules, I
could not get in such a resolution, and I have
therefore submitted this resolution to the House.
1 will make no motion to refer it, but I will very
cheerfully concur if it be the pleasure of the
House to dispose of it in that way; or, having
accomplished all I desired in submitting these re-
marks, will be contcnt to have the House make
any other disposition of the matter.
Mr. ENGLISH obtained the floor.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise to a question of order.
Is it not in order, at this stage of the proceed-
ings, to demand, under the fifth rule, whether the
House will consider the resolution at this time?
Mr. ENGLISH. I appeal to the gentleman
from Ohio that it is due to me, under the circum-
stances, that I shall be allowed a few moments.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will say to the gentleman
from Indiana, with all possible kindness, that I
have no idea to cut him off from being heard. The
House, I have no doubt, will hear them. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Spinner] also
desires to be heard. I presume that the House
will hear both gentlemen. I am willing to hear
them, for one. But my object now is to propound
an inquiry to the Chair. Is it not proper, at this
time, that the House shall be asked whether or
not it will consider this question ?
The, SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that, if the fifth rule be applicable, the time for its
enforcement was when the resolution was read
from the Clerk's table.
Mr. GIDDINGS. As the gentleman from
Indiana had the floor, I did not care to interrupt
him. I wished, before making the point, that he
should conclude his explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
had the right to interrupt the gentleman from In-
diana. The attention of the Chair was not called
to the rule before. When a motion or proposition
is made, the question, " Shall the House now con-
sider it?" is not put unless it is demanded by some
member, or deemed necessary by the Speaker.
Without expressing any opinion as to whether
the rule is applicable or not, the Chair thinks that
the application of the gentleman from Ohio comes
too late when the House has permitted debate on
the pending proposition.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I know that, in the other
House, the party making a proposition has been
