1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2855
under the rules of the House, the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs could nothave offered
in Committee of the Whole. Now, either the
House should change its rules, so as to enable it
to go into general legislation on appropriation
bills, and originate propositions of this soit, or
else it should reject all such propositions coming
from the Senate. This inequality ought not to
be submitted to. With the brief sessions of Con-
gress that are now held, and the brief time allowed
for the passage of general laws, all the important
business of the country will be thrown into the
appropriation bills, if the House will recognize it
as proper for the Senate to indulge in it.
How stands this case? Here is a proposition
to change the pay of the medical officers and en-
gineers of the Navy. It has been to no standing
committee of the House. No standing commit-
tee has inquired into the necessity of it, or re-
ported upon it. We have no information from
the Departments in reference to the necessity of it.
And so it is with all the general legislation that we
have to act upon, in the shape of amendments of
the Senate to appropriation bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Ohio that he must contino his
remarks to his amendment. The tenor of his
speech is in conformity with the recommendation
of the Committee of Wavs and Means.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope the gentle-
man will have the unanimous consent of the com-
mittee to proceed, for I fully concur in his re-
marks.
Mr. STANTON. I have about said all that I
desire to say. I find that there are half a dozen
amendments of the same sort, proposing general
legislation on a variety of subjects. It seems to
me that if the House intends to maintain its own
position, its own dignity, and its own privileges,
it ought to disas®:ree to these amendments and
adhere to its position to the bitter end.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am surprised at
the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio. 1 am
surprised that lie should advocate that doctrine
now, when, only yesterday, he palpably disre-
garded it. Sir, the gentleman yesterday sanc-
tioned and approved, by his vote, the publication
of a large job for which there was no authority of
law; and what is more, sir, he deliberately advo-
cated a proposition to give that job to particular
individuals.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a question of order.
[ submit that it m not in order to discuss to-day
a proposition which was decided yesterday.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Of course not, sir;
of course not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia
are not strictly in order; but as the gentleman
from Ohio made a speech which was not in order,
and as these remarks are in reply to that speech,
the Chair will entertain them for this time only.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Ctjrtis] undoubtedly takes the ground
that he might, perhaps, be willing to maintain;
because what he might support one day, it would
not perhaps be agreeable to support another. And
that is precisely the case with the gentleman from
Ohio. It was very convenient for him to give to
particular individuals a fat job, " not to exceed
$350,000," yesterday, but to-day it is very im-
proper to fix the salaries or the allowances that
these ofnceis are to receive. You maygive large
sums out of the Treasury for the purpose of re-
deeming from insolvency particular individuals,
but you cannot treat those m a liberal spirit who
are engaged m the service of the country. That
is about the whole of it.
The Senate amendment was non-concurred in.
Second and third amendments:
In hue one hundred and twenty two, inscit the words
<k and the new pui^hfu^," and in lines one hundred and
?wonty-t5ve and one hundred and twontv-six. strike out
" and in lieu thereof" $320,166," so that
tin* paragi.ipn will re .id :
l or boiler-hou-e and setting boileig. water-pipes, dtains,
c|Udy-\va!J, sewer extended to quay-wall, hodcr to dredger,
tmiher-ba-sin. repairs of oakum-shop, rilling ponds in yard
and the new purchase, dredging channel and scows, piling
site formaline barideK^. machmeiy for machine-shop,boil-
fr-.-diop, saw-mill, foutidm, ^nnthery, and biass foundery,
and repairs of all kinds-, .>£0.166; and the amount hereto-
loiP appropriated foi coai-hous^ may be applied to the com-
pletion of the store-house.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. These amend-
ments are to provide for filling up what is called
the new purchase at the Brooklyn navy-yard.
The item was included in the estimates of the
Secretary of the Navy. It was omitted by the
Committee of Ways and Means, because of in-
formation which afterwards turned out to be er-
roneous; but it was subsequently offered here and
voted down by the House. The amendments ap-
propriate $,50,000 for filling up that ground, and
it seems to be needed. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommeriu a concurrence in these
amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I am opposed to
these amendments upon this ground: the House
has once, by a deliberate vote by yeas and nays,
rejected the proposition to fill up this new pur-
chase. And then, I suppose, it was carried to the
Senatevand put into the bill in order to give us
another chance to reconsider our position.
Now, it seems to me that when the Treasury is
bankrupt, it is a bad time to appropriate $50,000
to fill up ground, which, in the opinion of many
gentlemen acquainted with the Brooklyn navy-
yard, is totally unnecessary. I believe, myself,
that it will add nothing at all to the usefulness of
the navy-yard. The business there has been car-
ried on successfully for many years without this
purchase. The purchase itself was one of doubt-
ful propriety, and the filling up of it is totally
unnecessary according to the information I have
upon the subject. But it is sufficient for me to
know that the House has once deliberately re-
jected the proposition by a vote on the yeas and
nays, and I tlunk it ought not to have been sent
here again by the Senate.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I move to in-
crease the appropriation one dollar. It is true
that this proposition was rejected by the House,
but I think it was rejected under a misapprehen-
sion of the facts. I can assure the committee that
this appropriation is necessary to protect what
has already been done in preparing the ground
for the marine barracks, and the work of filling
up can be done now for one half what it will
cost next year if it should be postponed.
Since this matter was up last week, another
important consideration has presented itself to me.
I have received letters from Brooklyn, stating that
the health officers will report this land as a nui-
sance unless the Government does something to
relieve the neighborhood, as the miasma arising
from it already aifrcts the health of the neighbor-
hood. I hope, therefore, on the ground not only of
necessity and economy, but of humanity, that gen-
tlemen upon the opposite side of the House will
not persist in their opposition to the amendment.
I now withdraw my amendment.
Mr. GROW. I move to strike out " three"
and insert "two." I desire only to say, that
while the Government is retrenching its expend-
itures everywhere it can be done, and refusing to
complete public buildings, for which only two or
three thousand dollars are required, it seems to
me that this is one of those expenditures which
can be curtailed without injury to the public ser-
vice.
There is another reason why I am opposed to I
this amendment. The House has once rejected this
proposition by yeas and nays, and I would vote
against any amendment sent here by the Senate
after the House had once deliberately rejected it.
I think it is due to ourselves that we should do so.
They load down our appropriation bills by their
amendments, to an amount equal to if not exceed- ;
ing the amount sent to them from this House. In ii
fact, almost every amendment that is voted down j]
here is sent back to us to be acted upon again. !|
They put provisions in the appropriation bills ;j
which cannot be entertained as amendments to lj
the appropriation bills is this House. I would not j:
tolerate the Senate in throwing back in our faces \\
for us to vote on again, measures which we had J
already once rejected. I withdraw my amend- jl
ment. |!
The CHAIRMAN". If it be thepleasure ofthe ;!
committee,the question will be taken on the two jj
amendments together. I1
There was no objection. jj
Mr. TAYLOR, ofNewYork, demanded tellers. ;j
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Jewett, and h
Taylor ofNew York, were appointed. j
The committee divided; and Mr. Taylor of !j
New York, reported—ayes 65, noes 62. j,
Mr. JEWETT, one of the tellers, demanded a !]
recount. I.
The committee was again divided; and-the tell-
ers reported—ayes 35, noes 85.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment: " <
Insert:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to purchase tools
and furnish the machine-shop and foundery at the Norfolk
navy-yard, $20,000,
Mr. J. GLANCYJONES. Mr. Chairman, this
seems to be a proper amendment, and the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommend a con-
currence in it; and for this reason: it is to furnish
tools for a machine-shop, finished since Congress
has been in session. We authorized the building
of a machine-shop at the Norfolk navy-yard, and
it has only been completed since the original bill
was reported to the House. It is to furnish that
shop, which is now wanted to be used in the con-
struction of one of the sloops-of-war. Unless
these tools are furnished, that work cannot go on.
I ask that the letter of the Secretary of the Navy
be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Navy Department, May 27,1858.
Sir : To enable the Department to fit the machine-shop
and foundery at the Norfolk navy-yard to constiuct the en-
gines, boiieisj, &c., for the new steam-sloop budding there,
an addition to the estimates submitted, of $'20,000 for the
next fiscal year, will be necessary, i iwivu to request and
urge, therefoie, that that sum may be added to the estimates
for that yard for that purpose.
I am, very respectfully, &c., ISAAC TOUCEY.
Hon. S. R. Mali.ory, Chairman Committee on Naval
%1J}airs, United States Senate.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I hope that the Committee
of the Whole House will not agree to that amend-
ment, and for tins reason: when Congress determ-
ined to build a mint at New Orleans, the city
council came forward and donated for that pur-
pose a square of land worth §500,000. When the
Government agreed to build a custom-house at
New Orleans, the city council donated for that
purpose a square of ground worth $1,000,000.
Now, we are told that there is money enough in
the, Treasury to appropriate $750,0U0 for carrying
on this Capitol, but that there is not enough to
appropriate $350,000 to carry on that custom-
house. They refuse to carry out the contract to
be made by the Government with the city when
they donated that square of ground. Under those
circumstances, there being no money for the pur-
pose of carrying out the legitimate objects of the
Government, it seems to me it is bad faith to pass
an appropriation to pay this expense. If one
stops, they all ought to stop.
Mr, J. GLANCY JONES. I only wish the
remark of my distinguished friend from Louisi-
ana might be heard in New Orleans.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I will make it heard.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This building is
already finished, and paid for by the Government,
and thev now want tools to make it useful.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania if he did not yes-
terday vote against furnishing hospitals and cus-
tom-houses ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I did.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to increase the sum
$1,000. Really, Mr. Chairman, 1 do not know
whether or not to receive in earnest the objections
of the gentleman from Louisiana, and the inter-
jectional suggestion of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, in reference to the votes of this House upon
appropriations for the New Orleans custom-house
and for western marine hospitals. If they wish
to establish it as a proper principle of legislation
that an appropriation necessary in itself should
be refused, because of what may be deemed an
improper course ofthe House upon other appro-
priations, I beg leave to make my protest against
it; and 1 say, for myself, 1 never will be gov-
erned by any such principle, as I never have
been. 1 say, and I sa$- it proudly, I never voted
in my life against any measure because its friends
or supporters may have opposed what I felt an
interest in. And 1 say now, if there is any gen-
tleman in this House who will vote twenty times
against bills that I may favor, I would not the
less willingly vote for a proposition which he
might olFer, if 1 believed it proper in itself. I am
surprised that gentlemen should invite Congress
to adopt so unworthy a principle of legislation.
And now, one word only as to the amendment
of the Senate. A foundery and machine-shop has
