1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
74®
a colonel; and then you assign him to his brevet
rank—for what period ? To take him out of the
line; to take him from under the command of this
piece of antiquity, who is set there to repress his
energies and to overrule his judgment; and thus
it is that our Army is a continual scene of quarrel.
You confer brevets for merit, and you arc keeping
up a continual disturbance and dispute between
the officers by brevetand the officers by seniority;
and I do not see any way to get rid of it, unless
you adopt the system either of the French awny,
of making half the promotions by order of merit,
and the other half by seniority; or adopt the prop-
osition of the Committee on Military Affairs, to
make all promotions by regiments. Let an officer,
when he enters a regiment, know that that is the
place in which he is to stay until he goes out of
the service; that all his fame, all his glory, all his
service is identified with the name and the flag of
that regiment; and then you will see the officers
endeavoring to promote the honor of the military
families to which they belong; and to raise the
credit and the character of the regiment, instead
of engaging in a perpetual squabble as to when
they shall be promoted over the head of somebody
else.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not intend to make any
remarks upon the subject before the Senate, but
it seems to me rather extraordinary that armies j
should have existed for such a length of time,
under so many able heads as we have had over
them in the United States, without a suggestion
of this kind for the perfection of army organiza-
tion ever having been made before. At any rate,
if such a suggestion has been made, 1 am not aware
of it. When there is certainly no particular ur-
gency for a modification of the law in this respect,
it is strange that it should be brought forward on
this occasion. I shall not refer to the temjKuary
character of this bill, but I go upon general prin-
ciple That there is no necessity for any change m
the present system of promotion. If a ch^n^o. is
necessary, that necessity must have been^of such
long continuance that I am satisfied it would have
been discovered long ago if it really existed. The
honorable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs was Secretary of War for one presidential
term, and it seems that it then never suggested
itself to his mind, and perhaps never would have ;
done so if it had originated with the rationale of 1
the Army.
Mr. iVERSON. I beg leave to state to the
Senator from Texas, that he is mistaken when he i
supposes that this reform was not suggested by '
the chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
when he was Secretary of War. He carried it
out in the formation of the new regiments; for,
when the two regiments of mounted troops were
raised, he caused them to be designated cavalry
instead of dragoons, so that promotions should
not take place out of the dragoons into the cav-
alry. In those regiments the promotions are by
regiments and not by arms of service.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not astonished at that,
because they were utterly useless; and any rule
applied to them cannot be considered as an exam-
ple of justice. I believe the cavalry formed part
of the four new regiments.
Mr. IVERSON." There are two new regiments
of cavalry and two of infantry.
Mr. HOUSTON. Promotions are not by regi-
ments, as I understand, but by corps.
Mr. IVERSON. They are now, among the
mounted troops.
Mr. HOUSTON. They are promoted now by j
corps.
Mr. IVERSON. No, by regiments.
Mr. HOUSTON. Perhaps that was a pet idea
of the late Secretary of War, and it is necessary
to remodel the whole military system m accoid-
ance with it; but still, that docs not inculcate on
my mind the necessity of conforming to that pre-
cedent. If gentlemen are called from their regi-
ments who, by long service, are entitled to a ma-
jority or a colonelcy in another regiment, I do not
think there is any great misfortune in that. It
may be that in some cases they may not be so !
competent as a captain might accidentally happen |
to be who would be entitled to promotion under j
other circumstances m the regiment; but there is
an equal chance that he will be as well qualified
as the other. It is man against man, and no more;
and he k as liable to be perfectly competent as
the captain would be if promoted to a majority,
to say nothing of his additional experience. So
it is with the major, or any other field officer.
I cannot see that any advantage would be gained
by confining the promotions of field officers to the
regiments in which vacancies may occur; but, on
the other hand, by pursuing that course manifest
injustice would be done to officers who, although
you may say they have no vested rights, have yet
reasonable expectations under the system under
which they came into the service. To be sure, it
is subject to modification by Congress at any time;
but still, they had a right to expect that for faith-
ful service they would receive certain rewards
upon certain contingencies; and I think it would
be unjust to them now, suddenly, when there is
no necessity for it, to change a system that has
been of such long duration, that has worked so
well and so successfully heretofore, and under
which the respectability of the present military
establishment has grown up.
Here let me say that, although I have been
charged with having detracted from the Army, I
believe my appreciation of it is very just, and I
think it has respectability and character. I be-
lieve it is composed of as respectable gentlemen
as arc in the United States. I have objected to
an increase of the Army, not on account of the
unworthmess of its officers, but because of the
expense, the inexpediency, the danger of such an
increase. I have always entertained a just ap-
preciation of the respectability of the officers, and
have voted in this body for an increase of their
pay, to allow them to surround themselves with
the comforts and conveniences required by their
position. It is to maintain the respectability of
the Army, and not to disappoint the just expecta-
tions of meritorious officers, nor to subject them
to caprice, that J am in favor of striking out this
section. I maintain that, if you promote under I
the present system, you will be quite as likely to !
get good and efficient men for the high grades, as '
you will be if you confine promotion in each regi-
ment to the officers of that regiment. When
officers have given their years, and have been
willing to give their lives, to the service of their
country, I do not think it should be a crime that
they become old. I do not think young aspir-
ants, who have never on any occasion fleshed
their maiden swords, should be preferred to them.
Throw more duty, if you please, on the young
and vigorous, and give some respite to age, if it
be necessary; but give them all their just reward
for faithful service and for valorous-deeds.
I am not for postponing men if they are entitled
to a position m the service. Give them the pro-
motion to which they are entitled. You may call
them old fogies, or old veterans, or what you
please; but give them the reward of merit. As
for your brevets, I am proud to say that though I
served five yeais in the regular Army of the Uni-
ted States, I never received one. Whether I de-
served it or not is another question; but certainly
T never received it, and I am proud of it. Why?
Because I have seen the practice prostituted; I
have seen men breveted during the last war who
never saw an enemy in their lives, and I have
known men of distinguished merit who never re-
ceived a brevet, and yet had not only offered their
lives and given their biood, but their limbs, to their
countiy. It is a system of partiality and favor- i
itism, and the veiy lackeys who hang about the j
generals-in-chief are the men who receive brevets ,
—men who are screened from the shock of battle j
and ensconced behind favoritism. I hnve no re-
spect, therefore, for brevets. I know that gentle-
men sometimes receive them who deserve them
well; but the most deserving are not those who
are most fortunate in obtaining them. It is a sys-
tem that I would put down. I would brevet no
man except for service on the field of battle, as
knighthood was received from the royal touch on
the field, and then I would only brevet for deeds
that would attract and electrify the Army.
When brevets are thus acquired, you give a
stimulus to gallantry on the field of battle—you
create a spirit ofdanng that will be terrible to your
adversary; but when they are obtained by favor-
itism, by skulking, through political influences and
agencies, they are a disgrace, and in the end will i
honor you as little as they will them. But 1 can j
see no earthly necessity for this change in the sys- j
tem of the Army, and of promotion, ond there-'
fore I shall oppose it, leaving things where they !
have stood for nearly a century, and where they !
have operated well, and where there is no neces-
sity shown for this change. Show that there is ft
necessity for it, that benefits will result from it
generally, that it will create harmony and efficiency
in the ranks of the Army, and I will then be pre-
pared to vote for it; but not till then. Whilst it
inflicts injustice on a single individual, I will op-
pose it as much as though it inflicted wrong on fifty
or one hundred. It is the principle that I do not
sanction, and I will not do it.
Mr. HAMLIN. The debate on this matter has
been so very brief that I do not apprehend the
Senate are sufficiently well informed to vote either
on this amendment or on the bill. It ought to be
discussed at length; it ought to be presented to the
Senate in «. variety of modes, so that we can be
presumed to act with some intelligence. Laboring
under a severe headache to-day, as I do, I ask the
Senate to adjourn. I make a motion that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 17, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Bykon Sunperland, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MARYLAND CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business in
order was the motion made yesterday, by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] to
lay upon the table the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered upon
the report of the Committee of Elections on the
contested-elcction case from the fourth congres-
sional district of Maryland.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bingham,
Blair, Blipp, Boyce, Branch, Brayton, Buffinton, Buriouehs,
Cu-ie. Chaffee, KzraCUrk, dawson, Clinmiian,CoUh, Clark
B. Cochrane, Colfax, Covocle, Cragin, Cuiry, Cuitis, Dam-
roll, Davis of Massachusetts, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee,
Edtc, Farnsworth, Fen ton, Foley, Foster, (biddings, Oil-
man, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison
riai n«, Hill, Hoard, Howard, K>lsey, Kilgore, Knapp,
Leach, Leiter, Lovcjoy,MiIIson, Morgan,.MoinJi, Edward
Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Olivet A. Morse, Manny,
Nichols, Parker, Pcttit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviancq,
Rea&v, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbing, Royce, Aaron Shaw,Jud-
son W. Sherman, Shorter, Robert Smith, Stanton, William
Ste.wart, Tappan, Thavcr, Thompson, Tompkins, Tripp#*,
Undeiwood, Wade, YValbridge, Waldton, Walton, Cad-
walarier C. Wa>liburn, Ellibu B Wa^hburue, Israel Wash-
burn, VVil:«on, and Woodson—90.
NAYS—Messi*. Adram. AhJ, Atkins, Avery, Bocock,
Bowie, Bryan, Caskie, Chap/nan, John B Clark, Clay,
Clemens, Coekenll. Coining, Ciaig, Barton Oiaige,
Crawford, J>ewait, Dimimek, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott,
Faulkner, Florence, Gaitrell, Gicenwood, Lawrence W,
Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Jackson, Jen-
kin>, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones*, J. Glancy Jone*-, Owen
Jones, Kom, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar, Letcher,
Maclav, McQueen, Mason, Miles, Montgomery, Niblack,
Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips Powell, Quitman, Ruf-
fin, Sarididge, Scales, Seamig, sSewaid, Sm<?3eton, Ste-
phens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart.Ward,Warren,White,
Wortendyke, and Augustus R. Wright—68.
I So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Pending the call,
Mi. TAYLOR, of New York, stated that, had
' he been in the House when his name was called,
■ he should have voted in the negative.
; Mr. READY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Zoi.i.icoFFF.n, was absent on account of sickness.
] Mr. MAYNARD asked permission to vote,
statins; that he was detained in his committee room
until after his name was called.
■ Objection was made.
Mr. GILMER made a similar request, for the
same reason.
Objection was made.
Mr. B&RKSDALE stated that, had he been in
the Hall when his name was called, lie would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, previous to the
announcement of the.vote, said: I desire, before
the vote is announced, to propound a question to
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Oli>?g-
mas.] I ask that gentleman whether he suggested
the calling of the previous question >
Mr. CLINGMAN. In what ease ?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. On this Mary-
land contested-election case, and aftcrmy colleague
had expressed a desire to address the House?
