1832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
the question of facts set out in the preamble. The
Chair simply discovered from the reading of the
resolution that it contained a proposition to cen-
sure a member of the House. That the Chair
considered to be a question of privilege. Whether
the alleged facts were true or not, it was not the
province of the Chair to determine.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I only, desired to get the
precise decision of the Chair. My own views are
that this House has no control over individual
members of the House in the discharge of their
duties, and that this House will not take upon
itself to decide that question. I do not consider
the Speaker as having considered that point at all.
Will the Chair now propound the question to the
House whether they regard it as question of privi-
lege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided the question; and. if a majority of the
House are of opinion that the decision of the
Chair is incorrect, it is perfectly competent for
the House to overrule the Chair. The Chair
stated on a former occasion that, whenever a
question of privilege was raise'd by any gentleman
upon the floor, and the Chair had doubts as to
whether or not it was a question of privilege, the
Chair thought the safest practice was to refer the
matter to the House, to take its opinion as to
whether it was or not. But here the Chair had
no doubt that the resolution involved a question
of privilege, because it proposed to censure a mem-
ber of the House; and so he decided.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish the Speaker to un-
derstand my point, and that is all I desire.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. If no ap-
peal is taken, I object to debate as being out of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio is
stating a question of order.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. He has
stated his point of order, and the Chair has over-
ruled it; and, unless an appeal i3 taken, I object
to debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
rises and intimates that the Chair has miscon-
ceived the precise point of order which he raised.
The Chair desires to hear the gentleman from
Ohio, thinking that he has not misconceived the
point.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. In that
view of the case, I will not press my point of
order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not understand the
Chair to have decided that the House has the right
or the privilege to censure a member for the dis-
charge of his duty.
The SPEAKER. That is for the House to
determine when they come to vote upon the res-
olution.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Is it too late to raise it as
a question for the House to determine now,
whether they will entertain this as a question of
privilege? That is what I want to get at. Will
not the Speaker now propound the question to
the House whether they will take jurisdiction of
this cawe ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot propound
the interrogatory to the House, the Chair having
decided that the resolution involves a question of
privilege in his opinion. As to whether it be a
question of privilege, there may be no dispute
about that, and yet the House might conclude
that the resolution ought not to pass.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The very point that I wish
to get at is, whether the House will consider the
resolution on its merits.
The SPEAKER. The Chaii-regards that point
as having been decided when the resolution was
entertained as a question of privilege.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is my purpose, Mr.
Speaker, to move to lay this whole subject on the
table. Before submitting that motion, however,
I will occupy a few moments of the valuable time
of the House m regard to the question which has
been so suddenly sprung upon the body.
It was my misfortune—perhaps a misfortune—
during the last Congress, when all the important
business of the country was undisposed of, and
the appropriation bills in my charge had not been
acted on, (being chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and anxious to carry them
through the House,) to make the remark, when
a proposition was submitted to have a committee I
of investigation, based upon something that had '
appeared in a newspaper, that I did not think it
becoming the dignity of the House to bring itself
down to a level with those who might see fit to
malign it through the medium of " manufactured
rags and oil." I wish to avail myself of this oc-
casion to say that I alluded then to that class of
scribblers who are hired to malign those who are
in power, and not to those who, through that me-
dium, honestly seek to disseminate correct inform-
ation.
I do not see any propriety in pursuing this mat-
ter further. Every one must be satisfied, from
the statement of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Spinner,] that his object was correct; it
being to ascertain whether an executive officer of
this Government could give to Senators and mem-
bers of this House advantages, in entering lands
in the far-off West, which the hardy pioneers
who have gone there could not have.
I hold in my hand, sir, the Daily Globe, the
official paper of Congress, by John C. Rives, of
December 7, 1857, containing this charge:
" Who will not be stricken with horror and shame at the
evidences afforded by the following abstract of documents,
on file in the office of the Register of the Treasury, con-
nected with a fraudulentaccountof William Cullom, Clerk
of the House of Representatives of the United States
against the Treasury of the United States, and the collusion
[mark the wordsj therein by the Secretary of the Treasury
Here we have the official paper of Congress,
published at the expense of Government, charg-
ing directly upon the Secretary of the Treasury
a collusion with the late Clerk of the House, to
rob and plunder the people. You have organized
a committee of investigation into the conduct of
the Clerk, but none into the conduct of the'Sec-
retary of the Treasury. My opinion, founded as
as it is upon a long acquaintance with both those
gentlemen, is that the charge is untrue.
Again,coming a little furtherdown,,1 have here
the Boston semi-weekly Courier, which has just
been handed to me. I do not know what its pol-
itics are, but I send it up, and ask that the ex-
tract which I have marked may be read.
The Clerk read the extract as follows:
"Again, notwithstanding all this, the Repuliliean-Amer-
jcan coalition majority in Congress in 1857, under the same
degrading circumstances—at Toast, intoxicated with their
temporary enjoyment of power—voted the extra allowance
to then clerks; and upon motion of one of the Massachu-
setts members, the outrage was committed in an aggravated
form. Tins motion was so worded that the clerks might
claim under it extra pay for services in previous years ; so
that, in one instance, the allowance reached the sum of
several thousand dollars. The account was disallowed by
the First Comptroller of the Treasury, at that time the vener-
able and upright Mr. Whittlesey, of Ohio. He refused to al-
low the payment, on the ground that the appropriation was
illegal, being a direct and express violation of the joint resolu-
tion j and therefore law, of 1854. The Comptroller was beset
by mtcicstcd parties to this gross fraud, and every mode of
appliance was resorted to, to induce him to change his view
of the matter and his purpose to resist the payment to the
extent of his official power and duty. Personal appeals
were made to him by members of the House, in behalf of
the allowance, and, if two distinguished leaders of the coa-
lition party (Mr. Banks, then Speaker, andMr. L. D. Camp-
bell of Ohio) are not very much belied, they approached
the Comptroller, not only with urgent solicitations, but with
dishonorable propositions, to induce him to wmk at the al- I
lowance, illegal as it might be. His integrity, however, was i
proot aganibt all such approaches. His decision was con-
fumed by the Secretary of the Treasury; and now, as before,
the attempt is made to defeat the law through the deficiency
bill, in which it is sought to defraud the Treasury by the
pretense that the late Clerk of the House has paid the said
extra allowances, under a vote of the House, and that it
ought to be refunded to hnn."
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order. I
want to know if the Speaker will rule as he did
yesterday, that papers cannot be read here which
reflect upon members of this House ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the general rule would hardly be applicable in this
case, inasmuch as the gentleman from Ohio him-
self asks that the paper be read.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I read these merely as
specimens of the attacks which are made in both
official and unofficial papers, upon members of
Congress. I will not indulge in language such as
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hughes] has
just used in regard to them. 1 will simply say
that I think the publication in the Globe imputat-
ing corruption upon the late Clerk, [Mr. Cullom,]
and the present Secretary of the Treasury, [Mr.
Cobb,] and that I know the charge in the Boston
Courier against the late Speaker and myself are
without any foundation in fact. I could go on,
if I had before me the files of newspapers which
I have at home, for an hour or more, quoting from
the attacks made in various newspapers against
members of this House, upon any one of which,
if true, a committee of investigation might be
justified.
Mr. Speaker, several committees of investiga-
tion have been organized during the present ses-
sion of Congress, one of which reported this
morning. Others will report.
As a little incident interesting to myself, in ref-
erence to these charges of the press, I will refer
to one of the many which have been made against
me as a member of this House.
At the commencement of the last Congress, this
House was in a partial state of revolution, unable
to elect a Speaker. Remembering that many
years ago a high compliment was paid to Massa-
chusetts by South Carolina [the motion of Mr.
Rhett to place John duincy Adams in the chair]
under similar circumstances, I moved a resolu-
tion giving the temporary honors of the same po-
sition to a gentleman from South Carolina with
whom I had served for many years, and in whose
impartiality and ability to preside I had confi-
dence. For that act I was denounced throughout
the entire North by the press of the party with
whom I had acted. Some of my constituents,
among them my best friends theretofore,demanded
that I should resign, charging that my proposi-
tion gave satisfactory evidence that I had aban-
doned my principles, and sold myself out to the
South. I did not deem these charges 
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I rise to a
question of order. I should like to know what
the resolution offered by the gentleman from Ohio
during the election of Speaker in the last Congress
has to do with the question before the House ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It was merely to show that
this whole subject, based on newspaper charges
solely, ought to be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is hardly in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yery well; I will not dis-
turb the gentleman from North Carolina by refer-
ence to any of my grievances.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. It is no
disturbance to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina; but I thought it might be to the Speaker.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Speaker is not easily
disturbed. I could name many instances where
committees of investigation have been organized.
During the present session a committee was or-
ganized to inquire into the proceedings ef the
Committee of Ways and Means, and of members
of the last session in reference to the passage of
the tariff act. It was founded upon newspaper
report. ' I was absent with a sick family, in Ohio,
at the time it was organized, or I shoula have then
submitted some remarks in reference to the pas-
sage of that tariff act. It is not proper now that I
should say anything upon that subject. When
the proper time comes 1 may, if here, take occa-
sion to say something. By the many precedents,
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Spinner]
was certainly justified, on yesterday, in propo-
sing an investigation into the conduct of an ex-
ecutive officer whose integrity was involved in
the publications his proposition embodied.
The Chair, whether properly or not, I will not
say, ruled yesterday that the reading of the charges
was out of order. This morning there seems to
be a change in the programme and it has been de-
cided in order to read them.
I do not believe that a committee of investiga-
tion at this stage of the session would produce
any practical benefit to the country It may be
that the result would vindicate the integrity of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, (which
I have no reason to doubt,) and of the officer of
the land office at Council Bluffs. But, sir, on the
other side, the party friends of those officers, do
not want an investigation. Therefore 
Mr. ENGLISH. If I understand the gentle-
man to say that gentlemen on this side of the
House do not want an investigation, he is mis-
taken. I, for one, desire an investigation so as
to show to the House that the resolution intro-
duced by the gentleman from New York is slan-
derous and unfounded.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well, then. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Spinner] is ready
to meet the responsibility of his motion of yes-
terday, and instead of the motion to lay the whole
subject on the table, I move the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I appeal to
the gentleman to withdraw the demand for th*
