2856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
been building at the Norfolk navy-yard for the
last two or three years. It has involved great
expense, having cost a hundred thousand dollars
or more. It has been completed within the last
two or three months. It now only remains to lit
up that building with the necessary implements
and machinery, in order to make it useful. The
Secretary of the Navy has directed one of the
new steam-sloops and the engine and boilers to be
constructed at that yard; and he now asks Con-
gress to give him $20,000 for the purpose of pur-
chasing the necessary machinery fur doing the
work; and gentlemen object upon the ground that
the House refused to make appropriations for
custom-houses here and marine hospitals there.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It occurs to me that the
same proposition has been before the House be-
fore, and that it has been placed upon a previous
bill.
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to correct the gen-
tleman. I do not suppose that he intends to do
me injustice. My remarks do not justify the im-
pression that I would vote against this amend-
ment because gentlemen had voted against my
proposition in reference to the New Orleans cus-
tom-house, I say that the argument is a good one,
that if there is no money to complete the custom-
house, at New Orleans, where, the ground was
given to the Government, certainly we should not
appropriate inonev for machinery.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
mittee will readily see the bearing of that amend-
ment, and I wish to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the action of the Committee of Ways
and Means, which, I understand, has tecom-
mended this amendment, as contrasted with the
action of that committee to the amendments in re-
gard to the custom-houses and marine hospitals,
upon which we passed yesterday. I have no
complaints to make of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Millsoi*,] in reference to his votes
here, for I say frankly that I think no gentleman
is governed in hisaction by a higher sense of duty,
than that gentleman. But I wish to present this
matter to the committee as it is. Yosterdav, we
voted in the House againstmaking appioptiauons
to complete these custom-houses and marine hos-
pital:?, and furnishing them, in order to lit them
for the use of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair wotfld inti-
mate to the gentleman from Illinois that the sub-
ject of the discussion yesteiday is not onen upon
this amendment; and u is the wish of the Chair
to confine tins discussion strictly in order. The
pending amendment is to increase the amount
si,quo!
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, sir, I
take the ground that we should not increase the
amount $.1,000, and that we should not increase
it at all, because, as the gentleman from Louisi-
ana well said, if you have not money enough in
the Treasury to complete custom-houses and ma-
i Lne hospitals, and to furnish them, you certainly
have not money enough to carry out this amend-
ment. How does the question present itself to
us in ail these amendments ?
The proposition now under consideration, I
should be in favor of upon general pnnciples—
upon the same principles that have governed me
in all my votes upon these questions. In Nor-
folk thcte is a foundery built, and the Secretary
wants a small amount of money to furnish it with
tools in order to make it useful to the Government.
That is fair, reasonable, and proper, in regard to
this foundery; but I want the same in regard to
custom-houses, and rnaiine hospitals, which are
finished or nearly finished, and want furnishing.
You have custom-houses all over the country, each
of which requires a small amount of money to
complete it entirely, but when the question comes
before the House, we, here, in our capacity as
Representatives, setting up for statesmen, delib-
erately say that we will not vote money to finish
these buildings which have been undertaken, and
for which we have made contracts. Though these
buildings require but small amounts in each case
to finish them in order to enable them to be used,
and thus save large sums in rents; though con-
tracts are to be violated,and the Government held
to large damages; though the buildings will re-
ceive more damage by remainingni an unfinished
state, than the whole amount proposed to be ap-
propriated, yet this House has deliberately said
it will not appropriate one dollar to complete
them. Sir, I am opposed to this policy.
[Here the hammer fell.] *
Mr. MILLSON. I will withdraw my amend-
ment, and for the purpose of making another re-
mark, I move to amend by increasing the sum
$2,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Virginia, that the question in
relation to the custom-houses is not before the
committee now, and it is the intention of the Chair
to confine the debate strictly to the subject before
the committee.
Mr. MILLSON. I will remain within the rules
of order as 1 think I understand them. Is it not
perfectly apparent that the principles on which
this amendment is opposed, are such as I have
characterized already ? Have gentlemen yeturged
one solitary objection to the appropriation of the
money asked tor by the Government? I ask my
friend from Illinois himself, if he can deliberately
suppose that he will stand justified to his own
conscience m opposing a ncccssary expenditure
for such reasons as those ho has alleged. Now,
Mr. Chairman, this appropriation is not one in
which I alone should feel an interest. It proba-
bly will not be expended among my constituents,
or in my district, for I take it for granted that this
machinery will be purchased somewhere at the
North, or it may be at the Northwest.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I raise the question of order
that the gentleman must confine his remarks to
the question. We traveled all over the subject of
custom-houscs yesterday ,and if we have got to go
over it again to-day, I want to be heard, a3 I voted
against these custom-houses.
Mr. MILLSON. I am not discussing the ques-
tion of custom houses.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman is not con-
fining his remarks to the question before the com-
mittee.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 rose for the purpose of re-
plying to the inquiry of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky as to whether this proposition was not made
once before in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union 5 I tell the gentleman it
was; but there was no division, and no deliberate
judgment of the House upon it; and 1 admit that
the failure of the proposition then submitted by
me was perhaps proper, and m accordance with
the rules which ought to govern the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. I then
asked this appropriation on my own responsibil-
ity, stating that J did so in the absence of any
estimate or demand from the Department; but
stahng, at the same time, that I was well assured
the Department was about to make the demand.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means suggested that if the Department wanted
to rmike an application it could be made to the
Senate in time; and the House, acting on that
suggestion,did not agree to the amendment; but,
as I was sure would be done, the Secretary of the
Navy did send an estimate to the Senate, and
asked for the appropriation as a necessary means
of accomplishing the work which he had oideied
to be commenced at the Norfolk navy-yard.
[Here the hamtnei fell.]
Mr. SAVAGE. I do not think, Air. Chairman,
that we ought to concur in any of those amend-
ments, and particularly not in the one now advo-
cated by the gentleman from Virginia. We have
already authorized the Government to borrow
$20,00*0.000, and there is a proposition now pend-
ing to borrow $15,000,000 more. I find, by the
report of the Secretary of theTreasui y, that there
was a balance m the Treasury, on the 30th of
June, 1857, of $46,852,855. That $46,000,000 is
gone; the §20,000,000 isgone; and the $15,000,000
more will go, and still we go on making new ap-
propriations, notwithstanding the ci v of economy.
Mr. KE1TT. What about the olu soldiers?
Mr. SAVAGE. I say I will not vote a dollar
for these purposes till justice is done to the old
soldiers. 1 find these very same interests that are
pressing these extravagant appropriations upon
the country treading down the rights of the old
soldier. Gentlemen stand up here and ask for
$100,000 ,and $500,000, and sometimes $1,000,000,
to be poured into the lap of a gieat city for the
puipose of enriching their constituents; and yet
they are the first to trample down the rights of
the old soldier. I thank the gentleman for the
word.
Another report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shows, that but a short time since, the nice
little sum of $688,000 was paid simply for the
privilege of paying the debts of the Government,
that it might be now borrowing money. And yet
these very same individuals or authorities tread
down, with the most ruthless and rapid pace, the
right of old soldiers which the gentleman from
South Carolina has thrown in my teeth. I ask
the members from the interior districts with what
kind of grace they can go home, and show that
by their votes they have cast millions into the laps
of great cities, and yet could not get an appropri-
ation of a million and a half per annum for a most
meritorious class of men ?
. [Here the hammer fell.]
The question being on Mr Millsox's amend-
ment,
Mr. MILLSON withdiew it.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to amend by in-
creasing the appropriation to $22,500. Mr. Chair-
man, the very argument urged against this amend-
ment by the gentleman fiom Tennessee and the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Savage and Mr.
Washburne,] ought to.commond it to the good
favor of this House. I find that each of the gen-
tlemen has had an ax to srind; and because the
legislative grindstone could not be accommodated
to what was thought proper, each raises himself
up here in armed opposition against an appro-
priation which commends itself to the national
heartofthe country. Because, forsooth, f6,500,000
for the benefit of old soldiers who have been in
the receipt of the bounty of the Government since
the war of 1812, has not boon granted at this
session, the gentleman from Tennessee erects his
porcupine quills; and because, forsooth, an appro-
priation for the custom-house at GalSna, in'llli-
nois, was not made yesterday, the gentleman from
Illinois puts out all the claws of a lobster in op-
position to the pending project.
Now, what is the fact in relation to it? We
find the Navy to be in a disabled condition. We
find (Mu- ships on the high seas insulted and
searched; defiance thrown in the teeth of masters
of vessels—merchantmen belonging not to the
North or the South, but representing the national
commerce of this majestic Confederacy. When
it is proposed to vote a paltry appropriation of
twenty-two or twenty-three thousand dollars for
the purpose of supplying tools at one of the chief
naval depots of the country to repair your vessels
of war, gentlemen rise up and exhibit local feeling
and oppose a commendable national appropriation
because, forsooth, (hincillod lachj-yma;,) they have
been disappointed in their local projects. Now,
I ask the gentleman from Tennessee, who, I know,
is a fair-minded and patriotic man, if he can stand
up here and justify himself to his own conscience
for acting upon a principle like that* So far as ap-
propriations are concerned, I am disposed to be as
narrow-minded as any gentleman in this House,
and to scrutinize the details of these appropria-
tion bills as closely and conscientiously as any
gentleman here; but vvhen an appropriation, even
m the piesent exhausted condition of the Treas-
ury, comes commended to me by such strong na-
tional considetations as does this one, I can waive
ail matters of economy and all little scruples, and
contribute my mite, however small it may be, to
maintain the national honor and promote the
fame and renown of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Chairman, it is not often
that I address the House, and I am sorry that
anything I have said to-day has so aroused the
gentleman from Virginia. I suppose the reason
why the gentleman has r-nsed his porcupine
quills, to use his own language, :S because thisis
a Virginia ax, and I have mteifi red a little with
the grinding of it. I will now endeavor to answer
the gentleman's English. As to ins Latin, I do
not know a great deal of it, and so I will let that
pas3. I am not responsible for the argument
which I made in allusion to the old soldiers. It
was thrust upon me by a remark of the gentle-
man from South Catolina, [Mr. Keitt ] But
that is not the reason why I have voted against
these appropi iations, and voted against them
steadily, since I have been a member of this
House; although I am not one of those who vote
against and object to everything. I think a hb-
eral system of appropriations is proper and right;
and what they accuse me of in pressing the old
