1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28S9
soldiers5 bill is, that I wish to empty the Treas-
ury. But, sir, notwithstanding tiie hard times,
and the pressure on the money market, I see no
abatement of this eternal outgoing of the public
money; and it has been the same eversince I have
been here, and the same arguments have been
made in favor of these appropriations for the
same cities and the same parts of the country. A
large portion of the appropriations of this Gov-
ernment have gone for the benefit of the large j
cities, while the interior of the country has re-;
ceived the benefit of hardly a dollar. Now, it!
• requires no argument to prove that if all the reve- j
nue is collected in one part of the country, and !
expended in another, that portion of the country
in which it is collected will grow poor and pow-
erless, while that portion where it is spent will
grow rich and mighty. I say, sir, that there is
as much of injustice and wrong in the distribution
of our revenue as there is in Us collection, and I
protest against this system by which useless and
extraordinary and extravagant appropriations ,
are made for the benefit of the cities, while not a :
dollar is applied for the benefit of those I re pre- j
sent, and J expect to make this argument and ,
press it upon the House, with, I hope, increasing t
force, as long as I remain h^re. j
Mr. CLEMENS. I withdraw my amendment. ;
Mr. DAVIDSON. 1 move to amend the amend-1
ment, by reducing the amount to $19,000. ]
Mr. Chairman, I would advise the gentleman |
fiom Virginia [Mr. Clemexs] if he has not read the :
old fable in the spelling-book, of the farmer and j
the lawyer, the bull and the ox, to get it and read >
it. Virginia wants something now, and it is ex-!
eeedingly national. The national heait is touched^
says the gentleman. I would like to ask you, sir,
anfPto ask this House, if there is anything more
national in its character than that reverence which
we should bear to the soldiers who have covered
our country with glory, and have preserved our
institutions? That is the ax which my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Savage] is charged with
desiring to have ground. But the gentleman says
that other members have had appropriations for
marine hospitals which have failed, and hence
their opposition to this amendment. I ask you,
"sir, because you have a heart and have intelli-
gence, if there is any single proposition that ad-
dresses itself more strongly to the feeling and in-
telligence of citizens of this great and glorious
country, than one for the protection of the sick
and disabled seamen of ourcountry. The marine
hospital at New Orleans, which has attracted the
attention of some gentlemen here, is not for the
people of Louisiana; it is for the people of the
whole country, of the North, the Northeast, the
Northwest, who go there in their vessels to trade;
and when they come there and are taken sick,
some place must be provided—it is the duty of
the nation to provide a place for her children who
are poor and diseased, and in the service of the
country, where they can be received and cared for.
Is not that national ? Does not it strike you, sir,
as a national object? And is not the custom-
house national—the custom-house at the port j;
where the largest exports of the nation arc made, ! i
and the third, if not the second importing port in j j
the country ? The gentleman from Virginia would ij
tell us that the custom-house is not national; but
the provision for thi -e tools to be put in a shop ;j
down here at Portsmouth, m Virginia, to tinker ;j
up the vessels that nay be brought there is na- :|
nonal. It is national because it is m Virginia, and 'j
it cannot be put upon any other ground. !,
Mr. MILLSON. I regret to find that what I
designed as a little good-humored correction of ' j
the spirit manifested by the gentleman from Lou- j:
isiana has not had the desired effect. If the gen-
tleman supposes that there is such a general or
universal prejudice against Virginia  \
Mr. DAVIDSON. No, sir; allow me to cor- j'
rectyou. ij
Mr. MILLSON. Not just now. If he sup- Ij
poses that theie 15- a general antipathy felt in this j:
House to the people of the State of Virginia, I '!
can tell him, for ins satisfaction, that I doubt if
there is a man, woman, or child in the State of !j
Virginia who knows of the application of the
Government for the expenditure of this trifling ■<
sum of money. jj
Mr. DAVIDSON. My remark was only ap- |!
^licablc to the jrentleman's colleague. j1
Mr. MILLSON. 1 do not believe that there i:
is a human being in the State of Virginia who has
ever heard of the application of the Government
for this small sum of money, to be expended in
the purchase of necessary machinery in one of its
own public establishments; and if the gentleman
says that he referred to my colleague from the
Wheeling district, I will tell him that perhaps
there is not a gentleman from Virginia upon this
floor who has less sympathy, I mean locally, with
that part of the State I represent, than that col-
league; for we come from opposite points, and I
presume that there is less connection or commu-
nication between these two parts of the State than
any other.
Why was this dock-yard established at Nor-
folk? Was it simply because the people of Vir-
ginia desired it? Was it not because your own
intercstsdemanded it? Why are your naval ships
built there ? Why are they sent to sea ? Is it for
the protection alone of the people of Virginia, and
of their commerce? The gentleman ought to
know that it is for the common benefit of the whole
country that your naval establishments are kept
up. Why, then, does the gentleman seek to cre-
ate the impression that this is an appropriation in
which the people of Virginia ar* alone interested ?
It is a demand made of the Government for its
own purposes. You—the people of the United
States—own a large amount of property at that
part of the State; and it is necesstiry that this
property should be so used as to make'it effective
for the public service.
Mr. DAVIDSON withdrew his amendment.
The question leeuried on the Senate amend-
ment.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
73, noes 48.
Mr. SAVAGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blair and
Mii.i .son were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 79, noes 46.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Fot the completion of the coal depot at lvev West, Flor-
ida, .-$20,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. In 3653, $25,000
was appropriated to complete this coal depot, and
it requires $20,000 morn to eomplete it now. The
Committee of Ways and Means recommend a
non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
That the Secrctaues of the Tieasury and Navy be, and
they are hereby, aufhonzed and lectured to asceitain, m
fcuch way as they may deem best, the actual value of the
ten acres of l.ind heretofore belonging to the naval hospital
e&tate at Chelsea, Massachusetts, ami ceded by the sixth
section of" An act making appropimtions fur the civil and
diplomatic seiviee of the Government,5' appioved the 3d
March, 18,')."), tor the purposes of a inaniie hospital for the
district o( Ho-ton and Chailestown. And tlu* ^ecietary of
the True-my ihail p,iv the -o a-< citauied value of the •mu!
ten ncic-, out ot any monej iri the Tiea-ui v not otheiwi-e
appropi mted, to the ciedit of the naval hospurd fund,out of
winch the ougtnal puichase of Hie piupm} so ceded was
made.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a concurrence in '
this amendment. There is no dispute about the
facts of this case. The sum arising from a de-
duction of twenty cents per month from the pay
of mariners, to create a naval hospital fund, was ■
invested as early as 1811, in the purchase of
these ten acres of land. That ten acres of land,
by an act of the Government, was devoted to |
another purpose, namely, a site for a marine |
hospital. This amendment provides merely for !
a transfer from the marine hospital fund to the :
naval hospital fund, as tin1 Govt rnment had taken j
the property belonging to the naval hospital fund
and devoted it to marine hospital puiposes. The j
amendment does not apniopriate one dollar from !
the Treasury, but simply makes a transfer from j
one fund to another 1
Mr. BRANCH. I undeistand the chahman of ;
the Committee of Ways and Means to say that
this makes no appropriation, it so, 1 would like i
to ask him what business it lias in an appropria- j
tion bill ? '
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I can only say to i
the gentleman that that is a very hard question ;
for me to answer. The Senate put it there, and j
they claim the right, under the Constitution, to >
amend our bills. I huve already said that I on- '
cur m the views of the gen lie men fiornOuio and ;
North Carolina [Messrs. Sherman and Branch]
in reference to putting a stop to this mode of le-
gislation. But the Committee of Ways and
Means decided that it would be a usurpation upon
their part to do so, and more especially until they'
could have some assurance beforehand, from the
House, that they would be sustained in that
course.
Mr. BRANCH. I cast no censure upon the
Committee of Ways and Means. They have done
their duty and done it faithfully, I have no doubt.
Perhaps the circumstances were notsuch as would
justify them in refusing to recommend an amend-
ment simply because it was new legislation. But,
sir, it is within the province of this House, it is
within the power of this House, to put a stop to
"this erroneous system of legislation.
Mr. WINSLOW. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word ? This would be an improper
measure upon which to apply the doctrine of my
colleague, because this very actof injustice, which
the amendment seeks to remedy, was accom-
plished in this very way, by putting an amend-
ment upon an appropriation bill. This naval hos-
pital fund is one created by a tax imposed upon sea-
men. The Government has not contributed one
cent to it. This subject has been before the Com-
mittee on Naval Afiairs, and they reported a bill
which is now upon the Speaker's table, reported
from that committee, which isidentfcal with this
amendment. We only now ask that you shall
give to these men the measure of justice which
ought to be dealt out to them* in the very way
and mode by which they were deprived of their
property.
Mr. BRANCH. That makes the case worse
than it appeared before, because a rule of this
House says that you shall not attach to a biil
pending; before the committee another bill pend-
ing before the committee. That, then, is a vio-
lation of a second uile.
Now, I wish to say that, for one, I intend to
vote to strike out from our appropriation bills
every proposition which the Senate makes for
attaching to them objects of independent legis-
lation winch have no business to be attached to
them. Now, sir, if we reject these bills because
the Senate attach to them improper appropria-
tions, we have the whole summer before us to
start new bills, and to put them into a shape which
shall be satisfactory to this House. We are pro-
hibited by our rules from moving an amendment
to an appropriation bill, which the chairman shall
deem to be new legislation. We have ail seen,
time after time, attempts made in this House to
ingraft upon appropriation bills measures of re-
form—propositions for abolishing or changing
laws which the House did not consider good laws;
and we have as frequently seen them ruled out of
order. We are thus prohibited from cutting otY
abuses; but when our bills go over to the Senate,
they are loaded down, and sent back to us bear-
ing upon them almost innumeiable provisions for
increasing abuses. We are thus prohibited from
reforming anything, while the same prohibition
does not prevent the Senate from increasing abuses
which already exist.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WINSLOW obtained the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the gentleman
will give way for a moment, I will have an offi-
cial communication, in icference to this matter,
read.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. There is no ques-
tion about the correctness of this proposition as
an independent proposition, and therefore 1 see .
no use in having a document read.
Mr. BRANCH. I do not assail the amend-
ment upon its merits, i have no doubt that it will
pass.
The letter was read, and is as follows;
NaVX Di.PAP.TME.XT,
JJruEAC of" Mkkh i\p vn'd Surgery, .April 7, 185?.
Sir : Jn lepiy to >our communication of the oth instant,
inquiring from what ^ouice rh<a w nece&saiy iund^ were col-
lected tor the imgiiictl puicha-jo of the United States hos-
pital lands nt (JheUea. and if any means wete re.-oiled to
eveept the tax called the hospital tax, deducted fiotn the
iiumtbl) pay ofo'l'eet^, ••eamen, and maimer." I have the
honor to say that the original puichd-.e money w as denvod
exclusively from the hospital lund.
it may he pertinent to the inquiry to state that, as eatly
a^ Wiiich 2, 1799, Congress pa.-scd an act dnccting the Sec-
retary of the Navy to deduettwenty cenU per niomh, alter
the l«t dav of September enduing, from the pay of the ot!i-
r-er-^Ciiinnn, and marine:*, of tv.ffva\ > <u UieL'aited
and to pa} the saixic quaUei uiiuua'i\ l<> i ,o rfetrei.ir;- ot
