1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
man from Pennsylvania for the purpose of giving
the gentleman from Ohio an opportunity to be
heard. He desires, however, to go into commit-
tee. I will now change my vote, and vote "ay."
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Hopkins in the chair.)
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Mr. Chairman, the
first bill on the Calendar is, I believe, a bill to au-
thorize the issue of Treasury notes. As we have
passed the Senate bill for the same purpose, I
move that the bill be laid aside to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I prefer, for the
present, to take these bills up in the order m which
they occur on the Calendar. The next is a bill
(H. R. No. 5) making appropriations for the cur-
Nrentand contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending Juue
30,1859. The bill is a long one, and is drawn
up strictly in accordance with treaty stipulations
and the provisions of law. It is not susceptible
of amendment or alteration without modifying
treaties or changing laws. I shall therefore ask
that, by unanimous consent, the first reading of
the bill be dispensed with, and that it may be
read by clauses.
There being no objection, the first reading of
the bill was dispensed with; and the first clause
was then read for amendments, as follows:
Be it enacted by Ike Senate and House of Representatives
of the United State< of America ui Con^ras assembled* That
'the tollovviug r-uias be, and theyaie hereby, appiopnated
out of any money in the Tie<ir>uiy nut otheivvisP appio-
pnated, for the puipose of pacing the cuuent and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian d^paitinent, and fulfilling
treaty stipulation? with tlie vaiiou* Indian tubes.
For the current and contingent exponsi'3 of the Indian
department, viz:
For ihie pay of superintendents of Indian affairs, and of
tlieseveicil Indian agent*, pet art of 5th June, 1850, \I8ih
September, 1850,'27rh Fehniarv, 1351., 3d Match, 185-2. 3d
Match, 1853, 31st July, 1854, 3d March, 1855, IStli Augu&t,
1856, and 3d Maictf, 1857. $c6,250.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Mr. Chairman, I
have already stated that the bill now before the
committee is one whicn will not admit of any
amendment, unless it is by modification of a treaty
or repeal of an existing law. We have already
reached the month of February, and have passed
but a single appropriation bill. There are nine on
the Calendar already for the action of this commit-
tee and the House, and as there is an ample field for
any latitude of debate which the House may choose
to embark in, I am very anxious that the commit-
tee shall take up this bill, act upon it, and report it
to the House, when another maybe immediately
taken up. My great object is to dispatch, as rap-
idly as possible, the public business, by the pas-
sage of these appropriation bills. At the same
time, as I am well aware that a number of gentle-
men are anxious to 'debate, not the question bo-
fore the committee, bat other questions, and as
I have no disposition whatever to gag debate, or
attempt to restrain it, except within reasonable
limits, I give notice here that I shall not to-day,
nor perhaps to-morrow, ask to have the debate
on this bill closed; but I will ask the House at an
early day to terminate the debate upon this bill
'within a reasonable period. I wish to say5 that
in doing so, I have no disposition to stop debate
upon other questions, but simply that it shall pro-
ceed upon each of the other bills as it comes up,
so that a portion of the time devoted to dqbate
upon questions not before the House, may be
taken upon each appropriation bill.
A motion was made, a few days ago, to hold
night sessions, for the purpose of what is gener-
ally called Buncombe debate, and to confine the
debate at other sessions of the committee to tiie
questions immediately under consideration. That
resolution failed, and I do not wish now to check
the freedom of debate; but gentlemen will accom-
plish their entire object if they will, after allowing
the general debate to go on for a day or two upon
subjects not strictly before the House, allow the
debate to be stopped, and the bill to be reported
to the House and passed. We can then again im-
mediately go info the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union and take up another appro-
priation bill, upon which the same privilege of
debate can be enjoyed.
KANSAS AFFAIRS—SLAVERY.
Mr. ATKINS. Mr. Chairman, conformingto
a practice not unusual in this House, I shall pass
by the immediate subject that now claims the at-
tention of the committee, and shall proceed at
once to the advocacy of the admission of Kansas
into the Union with what is generally styled the
Lecompton constitution. Kansas has become as
a thrice-told tale, vexing the dull ear of a drowsy
man;" and yet it ranks in importance all other
questions before this Congress. The pence and
tranquillity of the country, the harmony of the
Democratic party, and above all, the future policy
which the dominant section of this country will ;
foreshadow, if not establish, by their action on :
this subject towards the weaker section, are grave ,
and momentous questions involved in this contro- j
versy, the proper adjustment of which is of the 1
deepest concern to the patriot arid statesman; this '
adjustment can be effected by the immediate ad-;
mission of Kansas. i
Kansas has occupied so prominent a position in
Congress, and before the country, since its teni- I
torial organization; so much has been said and \
written of crimination and recrimination between j
tiie different parties—has been made by fanatics j
and demagogues the fruitful mother of discord, j
even to kindling the flames of civil war, that it is !
difficult to discuss the various issues growing out j
of that Tenitory without indulging in bitterness i
and reproach. Not so with myself. I am not :
" nursing my wrath to keep it warm." I have j
no pent-up fires seeking an outlet. •
I would sooner ask a truce in this imbroglio, j
as the newspapers style it, for the moment, until j
we can reason together calmly and deliberately,
as becomes the llepresentaUves/>f the people, m- \\
tent on truth and justice alone. We are told in ■!
the sacred writings that " a soft answer turneih !'
away wrath;" and I am sure that the absence of!!
passion is necessary to the piopi r investigation I,
of any proposition about which the human intel-
lect may differ. We all have indigenous ideas —
ideas that derive then* coloring from the influence i
of our particular locality; hut we should never j
allow them to become so intensified by prejudice j
that truth cannot always overcome and vanquish j
error. I deeply regret that there is a difference i
of opinion m the ranks of the northern Democ- 1
racy on this question; and it js to them, m a spirit:
of kindness, that I would address myself, there -
not being a single member of either branch of i
Congress from the North, outside of the Demo- !|
erafic party, to whom the South could appeal in 1
behalf of her constitutional rights. Who does ,[
not know that it would be a work of supereroga- j]
tion to appeal to the Republican party ? Though [j
one were to rise from the charnel-house of death, jj
and speak as never man spake, he could not make
the leas't imprint upon then* obdurate political con- |j
sciences. j
The piincipal objections urged by that portion i
of the Democracy who oppose the admission of i
Kansas may be summed up under two heads: ,
first, that there was " no enabling act" of Con-,
gress, authorizing the Territorial Legislature to i
call a convention for the purpose of framing a con- j
stitution, preparatory to its admission as a State;;
and, secondly, that the constitution, as an entirety, .
was not submitted to the people for their ratifi-!
cation or rejection. !
Mr. Chan man, J desire to examine these two !
objections in the order in which they are stated.
This is said to be a progressive age. Newprin
ciples and ideas are being constantly evolved in 1
science and ethics, and why not in politics? If j
we advance as rapidly in the next decade as we I
have in the last, in the usurpation of power by i
Congress, not warranted by the Constitution, or !
consistent with the inalienable rights of American
freemen, as is contended for by a certain party,'
who can say that not only the Territories, but the .
States themselves, will require the assent of Con-!
gross to change or amend their own organic law ?,
What, sir, is an enabling act? It is defined, I be- ■
heve, by political lexicographers, to bo simply giv- j
ing the assent of Congress to an organized Terri- j
tory to throw off its territorial form, and to frame j
its organic law, with a view to admission on an :
equal footing with the other States. I do not j
think the objection can be urged with any force ;
against this application; since the very terms of I
the Kansas-Nebraska act provide that the people
of the Territories shall have exclusive jurisdiction i
and control over their own domestic affairs, not
conflicting in any way ^ith the Federal Constitu-
tion.
The distinguished Senator from Illinois said in
the Senate, in July, 1856, that " all power which
it is competent or possible for Congress to confer
on the Territorial Legislature is conferred by that
act;" and yet that same Senator now stands in
a position asking Congress to confer still further
power. It will not be denied, unless it be done
by the advocate of unadulterated squatter sover-
eignty, that the people cannot exercise this con-
trol until they c<?me to make their organic law;
then the language of the act, "it being the true
intent and meaning of this act not to legislate
slavery into any Territory, or prohibit it there-
from, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free
to form and regulate their own domestic affairs in
their own way, subject only to the Federal Consti-
tution," contemplated that the people would form
and regulate their own institutions in their own
way, without any further legislative permission
from Congress; that is, make their constitution,
and prepare to put on the dignity and sovereignty
of a State, and ask of Congress that the door of
admission be opened. This Kansas has done.
What need, then, had Kansas for an enabling actr
when the law of her territorial birth declared that
she had the power already to do that which an
enabling act only authorized her to do? Did the
patriots of the Revolution require an enabling act
from George III. to ordain this their Government*
or was the Declaration of Independence sufficient
authority? Congress becomes a tyrant when it
transcends its own legal authority and powers.
But is an " enabling act" necessary to the ad-
mission of a State ? In other words, has Congress
the right to refuse a State admission, simply be-
cause its assent has not been previously given ?
In order to answer this question satisfactorily,it
is necessary to inquire where the sovereignty with
which a new State is invested resides during its
territorial pupilage. Does it reside in the States
of this Confederacy, or the people thereof? If
so, how do they proceed to confer it upon the
new State? It cannot he with them, else it would
forever remain with them for it has no mode of
egress. Does it rest with Congress ? The Dem-
ocratic party has not taught it in its crccd; the
Supreme Court has decided that it did not; for
if it did, then could Congress force any sort of
laws, however obnoxious, upon the people of a
Territory. Wheie, then, I ask, does'it reside?
I answer, with the people of the Territories, re-
strained only by the Constitution. Sovereignty,
though in a latent form, resides with the people,
and they alone are the tribunal to decide when
they will prepare to be recognized by Congress as
a political community clothed with the attributes
of State sovereignty. It is not for Congress to sug-
gest. Congress has the power to admit or reject.
It may judge whether there is sufficient population
to justify admission—whether the constitution is
republican in form; but that optionary power does-
- not require the Territory to ask the assent of Con-
gress before it can proceed to organize itself as a
State.
I would remark, in that connection, that I totally
dissent from the doctrine which is beginning to find
i supporters among that class of public men in this
i country who are called national men—but who
| would be better denominated consohdationists< or
S centralizers—that the people of a State or of any
j political government can alter, amend, or annul,
their organic law, except in the mode prescribed
by itself, which is the supreme law; or by appeal-
ing to the sacred right of revolution, when a gov-
ernment is obnoxious, tyrannical, and offensive.
It is no time for southern men to embrace a doc-
trine which, sooner or later, may be commended
as a " poisoned chalice to our own hps," I hold
that the people of Kansas, who made this consti- •
tution, are the only legal authority in the Terri-
tory, and, as such, embody the sovereignty of the
Territory or State; while those who oppose it are
lawless rebels and outlaws, who are acting out-
side of the law, and consequently are the repre-
sentatives, not of a political sovereignty, but of
mere brute force. The law, in this Government,
is our shield and protection. It is intended to de-
fend the rights of the minority; the majority can
take care of itself. It is for this reason that I
cling to the Federal Constitution with a reverence
thatamounts almost to idolatry. Our whole sy s-
