2858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
the Treasury, to be applied to the temporary relief and
maintenance of the sick and disabled seamen in hospitals
or other pioper institutions; and when the fund shall be
sufficient, to purchase grounds, &e.
fn Felnuary, 1811, Congress established a board of com-
missioners, " by name and style, commissioners of Navy
hospitals," consisting of the Secretaiy of the Navy, Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and Secretaiy of War, who were em-
powered to take charge ofthe funds collected underthe act
of March 2,1799, and were required " to procure, at suita-
ble places, pioper sites for Navy hospitals."
In pursuance of this enactment, Smith Thompson, then
Secretary of the Navy, purchased the estate at Chelsea,
Massachusetts, on the 11th August, 1823, and directed the
agerir, William L. Rogers, then a puiserm the Navy, to
have the deed of conveyance made out in the names ofthe
Secretary of the Navy, Secretary of the Treasury, and Sec-
retary of War, " for the time being commissioners of naval
hospital* and tiustees of the Navy hospital fund.*'
On the 16th ofOctobert'ollowiug, Cbnstant Freeman, then
Fourth Auditor of the Treasury Department, notified Mr.
Rogers that the purchase money had been remitted and deb-
ited to the Navy hospital fund.
Ir would thus appear that the hospital fund, accruing from
a tax upon the pay of the Navy, was the only means re-
sorted to for the acquisition of the property, the best por-
tion of which has been alienated for objects not contem-
plated by the statutes authorizing this deduction from the
pay of the Navy.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. WHELAN.
lion. Warren Winslow,
House of Representatives, Waskington.
Mr. STANTON. I propose to say a word or
two in regard to this question; and To enable me
to do so, I move to amend by striking- out. the first
four lines.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How will the Sen-
ate amendment then read ?
The CHAIRMAN. It will not make very-
good sense.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I insist upon
it that the gentleman has no right to propose an
amendment which leaves no sense in the Senate
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is well
taken.
M r. STANTON. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment, and move to strike out all after the word
" Charlestown," in the one hundred and eighty-
second line; so that, the Senate amendment will
read:
That the Secretaries of the Treasury and the Navy be,
and they are hereby, authoiiAed and required to a^eeitam,
in such way as they may deem best, the actual value ofthe
ten acres of land heretofore belonging to the naval hospital
estate at Chelsea. Massachusetts, and ceded by the sixth
section ofAn act making appropimtions for the civil and
diplomatic service ot the Government." approved the 3d of
March, 1855, for the puiposes of a maime hospital for the
district ot Boston and Chailestown.
I desire simply to say, that, as I understand
the'proposition, taken as a separate, independent
proposition, it would be entirely unobjectionable.
J do not understand that any gentleman would
vote against it as an independent proposition in a
separate bill. If gentlemen will turn to the amend-
ments, they will find that almost the entire amend-
ments of the Senate, after this, are made up of
matters of independent legislation. Now, my
suggestion is, that the vole on this amendment
shall be regarded as a test vote as to whether this
House will tolerate independent legislation in ap-
propiialion bills; so that, if this fails, the residue
of the amendments, being- matters of independent
'egislution, will be regatded as rejected by the
comnnttce.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia mode an argument, half an hour ago, to
which I do not propose to reply. I do not pro-
posse to spend the time of the House in vindicating
my own consistency, for, after all, that is a thing
about winch the House does not care.
Air. J. GLANCY JONES. I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio will a<rree to test it on something
else, because tins amendment is not to chango any
law, but merely to shift an appropriation that is
in the Treasury from one purpose to another.
The gentleman can raise his point on the next
amendment, and take his test vote on it.
Mr. STANTON. The only difference is, that
this la much the better cawe to test it. Jt is un-
objectionable in itself, and is only objectionable
on the ground that it is independent legislation.
I want to take the question on a proposition that
is otherwise unobjectionable, for the purpose of
ascertaining the sense of the committee; and I
hope the committee will insist on it to the bitter
end.
Mr. WINSLOW. I think that if the commit-
tee understood this matter it would not hesitate
a moment in concurring with the Senate in this
amendment, nor do I think it liable to the objec-
tion which the gentleman urges. In the first place,
this fund is raised from the officers, seamen, and
marines of the Navy, by a tax of twenty cents a
month levied upon them, which has gone to swell
up the naval hospital fund. It is the only fund to
which the Government has not heretofore con-
tributed a single dollar. The hard earnings of
these men are invested in this land at Chelsea.
Some one came here and procured to be voted
away ten acres of land belonging to these poor
seamen. The measure was passed on the last day
of the session of the Thirty-Second Congress, in-
advertently, without consideration, and without
the knowledge orapprobation of the Naval Com-
mittee; and they ask you now merely to do—
what? To restore to them the laud which you
gaveaway without authority. You were the trus-
tees for them, and you gave away tne lands of
your cestui qxie trusty without the slightest con-
sideration.
So much as to the merits of the proposition as
to which all the gentlemen who have addressed
the committee agree with me. Now, in regard to
the question of order. The amendment is per-
fectly in order. We have in the House rules of
older pre venting independent legislation on appro-
priation bills. They have no such ruie of order
in the Senate, and they have a ri^ht, as a coor-
dinate and coequal branch of the Legislature, to
put just such amendments on the bills which you
send to them as they think proper. When these
amendments .come here they are addressed to
your discretion; you can pass upon them and re-
ject them; but you cannot bring your rules of or-
der to bear upon the other branch of Congress.
But, even if you were to apply the very stringent
rule advocated by the gentleman from'Ohio, this
amendment is not liable to the objection. The
amendment has reference to money in the Treas-
ury raided by taxes upon seamen, with which this
propei tv was puichased. You have gone there,
taken off what belonged to them, and given it away
to another. They merely ask you to restore to
them what you took away from them; to pass to
the credit of this fund the value of the property
you abstracted from it. Will you decline?
Mr. STANTON. With the consent of the
committee let this amendment be agreed to; and
let us go to the eighth amendment, which is a
proposition to publish a naval code.
Mr. BOCOCiv. The gentleman has a particu-
lar object in view. He lias his eye on other things,
and 1 ha\e niv eve on him.
Mr. STANTON. I have not. sir.
Mr. J30C0CIC. The gentleman lias been mov-
ing at these sioops-of-war all through these pro-
ceedings.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman is mistaken.
It is not the ships I am talking about; but the na-
val code.
Mr. BOCOCK. But you want to commit the
committee in advance.
Mr. STANTON. Oh! no.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I propose to strike
out the words il in such a vvav a3 they may deem
best."
I do not propose, Sir. Chairman, to detain the
committee even five minutes m the discussion of
this amendment. It is, I believe, conceded that
the fund which originally purchased these ten
acres came from a certain body of beneficiaries, i
that they have been deprived as well of the fund,
as of its resulting use, and consequent trust—
the land. It is as simple, therefor*1, as a propo- i
sition can be made simple. U is that they who :
have been deprived of a fund, and of the use of a 1
fund, shall have that fund or its use restored to |
them by those who have deprived them of it. i
Nov/,in respect to this amendment, as a part of 1
a series of amendments, it is sufficiently clear that •
this class of amendments is in order—abundantly .
in order. It proceeds from a^ompetent body. if;
we have reference only to the comity existing be-
tween the two Houses we shall be obliged to ac- !
ceptand to treat with respect the amendments of;
the Senate, and we cannot and should not strike t
out an amendment made in order in the Senate, ■
although it would have been rejected here as out ■
of order, if originating here; and certainly should i
not an amendment be rejected if, as in this case, |
it had direct application to a subject, which, '
though greatly different from the subject of the
bill before us, nevertheless is a subject of com-
mon and general interest to the country, involving
as well the commercial and agricultural interests
of the country, as its honor and its dignity at
home and abroad. I trust, therefore, that we
shall proceed regularly through with these Senate
amendments. 1 now withdraw my amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Seventh amendment;
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pav the salary of
Professor James P. Espy, ,$*2,000, the payment to be made
in the same manner, and under the like confol, a5* fonn^r
i appropriations for metereologieal observations : Prowrled,
; That the employment of a metereologist, under the eon-
i tract ofthe Secretary of the Navy, shall cease on and alter
j the 30th day of June, 1850.
i The amendment was concurred in.
1
| MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
} Here the committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message was
i received from the Senate by Mr. Dickins, its
j Secretary, informing the House that the Senate
! had passed the bill'of the House making supple-
j mental appropriations for the current and con-
I tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
j dian tribes for the year ending June 30,1859, with
ij amendments, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
I Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent ofthe House that the bill and amend-
ments be referred to the Committee of Ways and
"* leans, and ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The committee then resumed its session.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
"Eighth amendment: ^
Prov}JeJ. That theprovi<K n*of the seventh «?f>cttmi ofthe
; naval appropriation bill approved March 3, 1857, directing
; the Secretary of the Navy to have prepaied, and to report
I to Congtess fit this session fonts approval, a code of )•:«-
! illations for the government of the Navy, &e., be extended
| to the next sesMori of Oontjre^.
Mr, STANTON. That amendment is not of
I much consequence, and I will ask for tellers upon
: it, with a view of settling the question whether
i we will legislate in gpneral appropriation billy,
i Mr. J, GLANCY JONES. I wish to explain
I the amendment. Congress provided that the Sec-
j retary uf the Navy should have a code prepared,
| and that he should report it at the opening of this
! session of Congiess. They have not been able
] to complete the code, and this amendment pro-
i vides that they may have until the next session
! of Congress to report it.
: Mr. STANTON. The amendment contains no
appropt laiion, and has no business in an appro-
puution bill. It is a harmless thing, and, I dare
, say, a usi-h'ss thing; and, therefore,I ask tellers,
in order that, we may determine once for all if we
! mean to legislate in appropriation bills.
; Telle is woe ordeied; and Messrs. Station
■ and John* ConmANi. w^ro appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
! —ayes 77, noes 4<!.
So the amendment was concurred in.
N inth amendmeni:
That the Supenntendent of Public Printing be, and i"> is
hereby, dnectedto tian?fi-i to the bureau of ordnance and
hydrogiapby the plates horn which the illustrations and
charts of the late Japan expedition were printed.
j The amendment was concurred in.
| Tenth amendment:
j Insert:
Sec. 2. Jlnd he. it further enacted, That from and after the
■ 1st day of July. 1855. the clcik«, messenger*, and watchmen
I at the navy-yaid and mantle bairack* at Washington shall
be entitled to receive the compensation authorized by the
' acts o<" April 22, 1854, and Ausn-t 5. 1854, for rhe pavi.ient
. of which such turn as may be noee^ary he, and the s'aeie u<
j hereby, apprnpnared out of any money in the Treasury not
' otheivvise apptopnated
Mr. J. GLANCE JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurremie
. in the. amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Insert:
Sec. 3. Jiml be it further enacfe-U That it shall bt> lawful
t<> enlist boys for service in the United State" marine coj p*.,
with the concent of their parents or guardian*, not b"in£
under eleven nor over seventeen years of age, toseive until
they shall arrive at the age of twenty one years; the hoy*
so enlisted to receive the same pav, ration*, clotbuni. Sec.,
now received bv boy* enlMed in ?aid coips undei rhe au-
thoufv of the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr J. GLANCY JONES." The commits U
