748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
tem admirably balances and adjusts the relative
rights of the majority and minority, and is espe-
cially illustrated by the respective powers of the
two Houses of Congress. For instance, Dela-
ware and Rhode Island, in this House, are over-
shadowed and overpowered by the superior force
of numbers from New York and Pennsylvania.
Here their power is unequal, except in the acci-
dental emergency which may devolve \ipon this
House to elect a President of the United States.
In that case the rights of the minority are protected.
But, if you would see those rights fully vindi-
cated? turn your eye to the Senate Chamber, and
the voice of Delaware is as potent as that of the
colossal State in the enactment of law. She sits
there encircled and enrobed in all the queenly dig-
nity of sovereignty—clothed with equal rights and
privileges with theproudestof the sisterhood. The
law of the Constitution is her shield, her panoply;
and beneath it she reposes in conscious security.
After a people have once established a constitu-
tion,and prescribed the forms'and rules by which
it may be altered or amended, 1 hold that to pro-
ceed to such alteration or amendment in any other
manner than the one proscribed would be revolu-
tionary. They would have no more right to do
so, than posterity would have the right to repu-
diate the honest and legal contracts of its prede-
cessors. If the people of a State have the right to
upset and overturn a government without regard
to the mode prescribed by law, why have not the
people of the United States, by a popular vote, the
right to upset and overturn the Federal Constitu-
tion, and build upon its sacred ruins a structure
suited to the taste of the majority ? And does any
man doubt, if that were done to-day, the char-
acter of government that would be substituted?
Does any man suppose that the spirit of compro-
mise and sacred regard for the rights of the weak-
er, that animated our fathers—a Washington,
a Hancock, an Adams, and a Jefferson—would
enter into the councils of these latter-day states-
men and patriots ? Never 1
But it is alleged that an 4 4 enabling act'' is neces-
sary to the regularity of the admission of Kansas.
There can be but one mode of correctly judging
of this " regularity'1 idea, and that is to conform
to the practice of the Government. What is that
practice? The history of the admission of new
States establishes no mle; for, out of the eighteen
new States that have boon admitted into the groat
family of the thirteen old original revolutionary
States, there have been only nine admitted with
constitutions framed under express permission of
Congress. They are Ohio, Louisiana, Indiana,
Illinois, Alabama, Michigan, Mississippi, Mis-
souri, and Wisconsin. So it seems, that if to be
"regular"—that is, to conform to the precedents
which the history of the admission of new States
fui mshes —Kansas could have followed either
rule; that is, she could first have obtained the as-
sent of Congress before framing her constitution,
or have proceeded without it; and, in cither case,
she would have been in the <{ line of s.*fe prece-
dence"—she would have been "regular." Since
there has been so much excitement, unnecessa-
rily forced by the Abolitionists upon the country,
in regard to Kansas; and since the original object
of the Kansas and Nebraska bill was to remove
this entire subject of domestic government from
the halls of congressional legislation to the people
of the Territories, I submit if this is not rather a
late day to assume a position of hostility to the
admission of Kansas upon a mere technicality,
and when that technicality is wholly unsupported
by the practice of the Government; for the prac-
tice of the Government has been as uniform m
vibrating back and to from the " enabhng-act"
policy, to its opposite, as the seasons of summer
and winter have followed each other, or that day
follows night.
I now propose to notice the other objection,
namely, that this constitution was not referred to
the people for their ratification or rejection. This
is the main ground of opposition.
I beg leave just here to remark, that I was op-
posed m my canvass for the seat I occupy upon
this floor by agentleman who voted in the Thirty-
Third Congress against the Kansas and Nebraska
bill. Of course I arraigned him upon that vote,
upon the ground that it was, as I conceive, in direct
conflict with the rights, interests,and the equality
of the southern with the northern or free States,
la the progress of the discussion between us upon
the slavery question, reference was made to the
anticipated action of the Lecompton convention,
when I assumed the ground that I was in favor
of having, if the people desired it, a direct vote
upon this vexatlo questio—slavery; provided it
could be done in accordance with the doctrine of
non-intervention, as contained in the Kansas and
Nebraska bill.
This was in advance of the assembling of the
convention. I am well satisfied that to vote to
refer the Lecompton constitution back to the peo-
ple and demand their indorsement of it as neces-
sary to admission, would be a palpable violation
of the doctrine of non-intervention, and of the
rights of the people of Kansas. It would be virtu-
ally a repeal of the Kansas-Nebraska act, and set
its great American principle practically at naught.
But had it been consonant with that principle, I
should unhesitatingly have stood up here in my
place, as a Representative, and voted to refer the
Lecompton constitution to the popular vote of
Kansas. I am for carrying out the will of the
majority of Kansas when lawfully expressed.
The Lecompton constitution is their lawful will.
When the delegates were elected, the people knew
that the convention could submit the constitution
or not, for Governor Stanton so informed them
during the canvass. Governor Walker apprised
them of the same thing, and was guilty of the in-
terference of giving executive advice to the people
of Kansas; thus endeavoring to prevent them
from " regulating their own affairs in their own
way."
The convention had full power to submit this
constitution or not, as they chose. If Congress
had the power, and were legitimately to exercise it,
to reject this constitution, and demand a vote upon
it by the people, it would be mere child's play; ay,
it would be worse. It would be yielding to the
fanatical and lawless spirit which has character-
ized everything that has been done by the free-
State party of that Territory, composed, as it is,
of straggling hordes of hired emissaries, carrying
murder,"rapine, and conflagration in their train.
It seems that their only effort has been to experi-
ment how far justice and law may be disregarded
and trampled'under foot with impunity.
The only question in all this Kansas contro-
versy, between the Abolitionists and the friends
of tin; Kansas and Nebraska bill, North and South,
is the right of the people of the Territory to tol-
erate slavery in their organic law or not, as they
might prefer. That was the question that we le-
ferred to, and it was the only one that we bad any
ground to suppose would be contested that was
likely to be embraced in the constitution. It has
been submitted, without any mandate from Con-
gress, by order of the convention, to the people,
on the 21st of December last, giving them a fan
and legal opportunity to decide for themselves this
great right at their own appointed time and in
their own way.
I rejoice at the decision of the convention,and
1 commend the wisdom of its course, while I have,
on the other hand,had ftactcd differently, no right
to complain, as it is the exclusive privilege of that
body to exercise supreme jurisdiction over the
whole matter.
Kansas is following the example that has been
set her by a majority of the States of this Union
—their conventions having declined or failed to
submit their constitutions to the vote of the people.
If the object is to secure to the people of Kansas
the control of their own affairs, I submit if that
object cannot be better effected by clothing Kansas
with the authority of aState,than by continuing
its territorial form, subject, whether properly or
improperly, to the supervisory control of Con-
gress ?
But it is argued that the free-State men did not
vote at that election. That is not the fault of the
convention, but their own fault, and is but another
stone to heighten the pyramid of folly that marks
the history of that party in that Territory. Their
failure to vote is not only their own fault, but,
' what is worse still, is a crime ! for the failure was
intended to operate as a check upon the action
of Congress in the admission of Kansas into the
Union, with the sole view of furnishing capital
to the freedom shriekers in another presidential
election. It was a crime against the peace of this
Union. It was a crime against the spirit and
genius of our free institutions—against the most
sacred boon bequeathed us by our fathers, the
elective franchise. It is not=only the prerogative,
but the duty, of every American citizen to vote;
for he is a part of sovereignty; for suppose every
man were to fail to vote at our elections, then th'e
Government would be at an end. It was a crime
against their own cause—against posterity, whose
interests are intrusted to their hands. It was a
crime against those who did vote; for the validity
of their action, although in obedience to law, has,
in consequence, been since denied.
It will not do to say the constitution was not
ratified. If I fail to vote I only transfer my po-
litical power in the Government to my neighbor
who does vote. I clip from the Washington
Union of the 29th of January an extract, which
I think presents this phase of the case in a very
strong light. The editor says:
"The two elections m Kansas on the 21st of December
last, and the 4th instant, show conclusively that a large
majority of the people of thatTeintoiy have either approved
the Lecompton constitution directly, or indicated their ac-
quiescence m it for the purpose of securing the admission
of Kansas into the Union as a State. At the fir-t election
6,710 votes were cast in its favor, being the apparent Dem-
ocratic party strength. At the second, held under the con-
stitution, about 7,000 votes were cast by the 'free-State^
paity for their State ticket. It appeals* therefoie, that a
total of 13,712 voters iiave distinctly committed themselves
to the constitution."
But, sir, I take higher ground still. I assert,
sir, that the leaders of the free-State party of Kan-
sas, with Lane at their head, and all who follow
his counsel, are lawless rebels; and that to recog-
nize their opposition to this constitution as ex-
hibited in their failure to vote, as well as in their
illegal voting under the direction of Stanton's Le-
gislature, would be to disregard the people who
stand by the laws and Constitution, and to set
up mobocracy and rebellion.
Then, sir, the only question in the Lecompton
constitution which was distracting the political
parties of this country, and which was discussed
seriously before the people of Kansas, in the elec-
tion of delegates to the convention, as the history
of that canvass shows, was submitted without
being clogged with any other proposition. The
question was, the " constitution with slavery,"or
the " constitution without slavery"—that is, that
no part of the constitution was submitted except
the slavei y clause. This is obvious from the read-
ing of the seventh section of the schedule.- It
commences thus: " This constitution shall be sub-
mitted to the Congress of the United States at its
next-ensuing session." This is an independent
and imperative proposition, depending upon no
conditions or contingencies. If it had been or-
dered to be submitted, and had been voted down
by the. people, how could it have been submitted
to Congress ? This is a great error into which
some have fallen, and upon it assumed that this
constitution is not republican in form. Had the
whole constitution been submitted to the people,
then there might have been various other ques-
tions which would have interfered with this par-
ticularone. The object of the convention was to
frame a republican form of'government, and to
settle this one particular perplexing question ma
manner which would admit of no doubt as to the
views of the people: acknowledging the power,
and leaving it with the people to alter, modify,
annul, or reconstruct hereafter, their organic law
in the manner and form prescribed and- pointed
out in their constitution.
Had the whole constitution been submitted,
might not the free-State men—whose object has
ever been to agitate—have complained that the all-
absorbing subject of interest to them had been
made to depend upon other, and not kindred sub-
ject's; that the clause tolerating slavery had been
associated with the questions of currency, lands,
internal improvements, schools, banks, &c.?
I think that the Republicans who have made such
a noise in the country about slavery in Kansas,
after the election of the 21st of December, and es-
pecially since the free-State party have acquiesced
in the Lecompton constitution, and acknowledged
its legality by participating in the election of offi-
cers on the 4th of January, with the view of or-
ganizing their State government, should feel re-
buked, and their complainings should now cease.
The Republican party m Congress are estopped
in their crusadc against the Lecompton constitu-
tion by the action of their friends in Kansas.
Thu northern Democrats who have intimated
their intention of voting against this constitution,
claim that they have not raised the issue of slavery
