1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright, of
Georgia, and Washburn, of Maine, were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
 ayes twenty, noes not counted.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurred upon the appeal from
the decision of the Chair, upon which tellers had
been ordered.
Messrs. Wright, of Georgia, and Washburn,
of Maine, were appointed tellers.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 66, noes 58.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained as
the judgment of the committee.
Mr, KEITT. X wish to inquire of the Chair
whether, under the resolution of the House limit-
ing debate to three hours, that discussion extends
beyond the subject of the bill itself, or whether,
the bill being a special order, discussion is re-
stricted to the subject-matter ?
The CHAIRMAN. If the question were
raised, the Chair would decide that the discussion
must be confined to the bill under consideration.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Curry] has
the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It is different substantially from
that just decided by the Chair, raised by the gen-
tleman from Georgia. My point is this: that it
is competent for the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union now to take up this bill, an
appropriation bill, or any other bill that it can
reach, and that the operation of the resolution
terminating debate does not operate to make this a
special order for three hours at the present time.
I hold that the true and proper construction of the
resolution is, that whenever the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union has this question
before it, it shall be then open for discussion for
three hours, and no more, under the general debate;
but that it is competent, at the same time, for the
committee to pass this by, and take up any other
bill on the Calendar. Otherwise, the Chair will
Eerceive that it would be competent for any mem-
er of the House, at any time before going into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to move to terminate debate on any one of the fifty
bills on the Calendar; and that would operate as
a special order; so that a majority of the mem-
bers, instead of two thirds, could, at any time,
bring the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to the discussion and consideration of
any question on the Calendar. Such I understand
to have been the almost uniform ruling in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
heretofore. I think I recollect but a single in-
stance in which the question has been ruled as the
Chair intimates he shall rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Maine, that whenever the
question which he suggests comes up, the Chair
will decide it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Well, I raise
the question now.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
make it as a question of order. It will be only
a question as to whether the committee will lay '
aside this bill and take up some other.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understood
that that was the motion made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. Glancy Jones.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Al-
abama [Mr. Curry] is entitled to the floor, and
the gentleman from Maine cannot take it from him
for the purpose of moving to take up some other
bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That is true;
but I understood that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had made that motion.
Mr. CURRY. Then I claim the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I took an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, which came up
properly in order after the point taken by my
friend from Georgia. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, at the head of the Committee of Ways
and Means, moved to take up the appropriation ;
bills. The Chair determined that that motion was
not in order. I tookan appeal from that decision;!
and, at the suggestion of the Chair, waited till ]
the appeal taken by the gentleman from Georgia
should be disposed of. 1 respectfully insist now
that the motion is in order, and I insist on that
motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Maryland that at the time
the gentleman from Pennsylvania made his mo-
tion, he could not have the floor for that purpose
—and for this reason, that the gentleman from
Georgia was on the floor on a question of order;
and the Chair did not receive or entertain the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Hence
the gentleman from Maryland could not have
taken an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The gentleman from Alabama is entitled to the
floor.
■ Mr. GARTRELL. If my friend from Alabama
yields me the floor for a moment, I desire to give
notice to the committee that I shall, at the proper
time, move to amend the first section of this bill,
by striking out of lines ten, eleven, and twelve,
the following words:
—" the amount of their full pay in said line, according to
his rank, but not exceeding, in any case, the pay of a cap-
tain of infantry"—
and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
—the sum ofninety-six dollars, to be paid semi-annually.
Mr. KELLY. I desire to give notice that I
will offer the following amendment, to come in at
line nine, section two:
Provided, That the applicant prove, under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the In-
terior, that he is m indigent circumstances, and unable by
manual labor to procure a subsistence.
Mr. CURRY. I approach the discussion of
this subject with some reluctance, and am sensi-
ble of the difficulty and unpleasantness of the task.
To deny a boon of this kind to those who are pa-
thetically described as the " old soldiers,"subjects
one's conduct to misconstruction. It is very far
from my purpose to derogate from the value of the
services of those who fought the " second war
of independence." My impulses and feelings
prompt me to the exercise of the largest liberality
m their behalf; but impulses and feelings are not
safe guides for legislation, and must yield to con-
victions of duty, springing, not from gratitude,
but from the Constitution, the rights of others,
and the state of the Treasury. " Pathetic duty,"
said Livingston, in discussing this very question,
" was a heresy in politics as in morals.
It is the rule of all governments to grant pen-
sions of some sort. In England, the King has been
regarded as the sole judge of the merit for which
pensions are to be given. The power was con-
ceded to him to furnish rewards for public ser-
vice, to acknowledge or stimulate merit, and to
raise those who had been serving their country
above the caprices of fortune. It has been sadly
abused to sustain a royal household, to feed a host
of parasitic dependents, to tempt and corrupt the
opposition, to buy up placemen, and secure po-
litical influence. The nation grew restive under
these grants of royal favor. A severe and pro-
tracted struggle has been waged to require min-
isterial responsibility for the bestowment of this
patronage, to reduce and limit the amount of pen-
sions , and secure parliamentary interference. The
struggle has been so far successful that all parli-
amentary interference has been an "interference
of restraint."
Unlike England, in the United States the pen-
sion system, instead of being restrained, has been
enlarged. As the screw, from every revolution,
gathers additional power, so every enlargement
of our pension list has but increased the demands
and augmented the outside pressure. This bill is
the most comprehensive of all; the mostgenerous
in its recognitions of merit; the most indiscrimi-
nate and princely in the bestowment of its char-
ities.
To provide for the revolutionary soldiers, dif-
ferent acts of legislation have been passed by Con-
gress. At an early period, during the war—as
was stated by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Fenton,]—pensions, adequate to their sup-
port during life, or the continuance of their dis-
ability, were rightly granted to those who lost a
limb, or were otherwise disabled in the line of
their duty. Subsequently these laws for the ben-
efit of the wounded and disabled were enlarged
andexplained. In 1818, those " who served in the
war of the Revolution until the end thereof, or for
the term of nine months, or longer, at any period
of the war on the continental establishment," and
"by reason of reduced circumstances in life,"
were in need " of assistance from the country for
support," were provided for. In 1898 pensions
were given, without any qualification as to prop-
erty, to all officers and soldiers who served in the
continental line of the Army to the close of the war.
Finally, in 1832, the terms were enlarged, and
pensions were granted to all who served, in a mil-
itary capacity, during the war of the Revolution,
for a period of not less than six months. First,
those disabled in the military and naval service
received pensions; then the indigent and necessi-
tous; and lastly, ail were embraced.
So.fervent was the national gratitude, these
pension laws, although opposed in part by some
of the purest and best men of the Union, received
the popular sanction. It ought not to be forgot-
ten, however, that it was repeatedly denied in de-
bate that these laws could be claimed as a prece-
dent for pensioning soldiers of later wars. It was
asserted that no such claim could ever arise; that
there could, in the nature of things, be no similar
service. It was a physical, and moral, and polit-
ical impossibility. To this that sagacious states-
man and incorruptible patriot, Nathaniel Macon,
in 1818, replied, that " it did not require the gift
of prophecy to foretell that thirty or forty years
hence as much may be said in favor of the army
engaged in the second war of independence, as we
have now heard about the first: though as much
may not be said about the state of the tountry
and of the sufferings of the people, because the
facts will not warrant it."
Sure enough, the prediction in forty years has
been verified, and pensions for the soldiers of the
war of 1812 are now claimed as a matter of right
and justice. This bill goes even beyond the laws
making provision for the soldiers of the Revolu-
tion. As before stated, the most comprehensive
act granting pensions for revolutionary service
was that of 1832. The rate of pension was grad-
uated by the length of service and the grade or
rank in which it was rendered. Two years' ser-
vice entitled the party to the full pay of his rank
in the line, not to exceed, however, the pay of a
captain. For shorter periods the pension was
proportionably less; but no pension was provided
for merely being in a battle, or for any length of
service less than six months. A private's pay
in the Revolution was $6 66§ per month, or $80
per annum. In the war of 1812 it was $8 per
month, or $96 per annum; so that while the high-
est pension a private in the Revolution could re-
ceive for two years' service was $80 per annum,
for one year's service $40 per annum, and for six
months service $20 per annum, th is bill gives $96
per annum for only three months' service, or for
even one day's service, provided the party was
engaged in battle. There were many persons,
during the war of 1812, suddenly called into ser-
vice, as at New Orleans, North Point, Plattsburg,
and Eladensburg, who were engaged in " active
battle," and who were not in service but a few
weeks; yet, under this bill, they will be entitled
to full pensions, while the revolutionary soldier,
who may have served five months and twenty-
nine days, and during that period been engaged
in more than one active battle, would receive
nothing. The man who served only three months
in the war of 1812 will receive, under this bill,
$16 per annum more than the revolutionary sol-
dier who served two years; and yet how vast the
difference between the two struggles !
This bill throws all other pension bills in the
shade, and out-Herods Herod in the magnificence
of its liberality. In very wantonness*of generosity
and gratitude, it throws aside restrictions, magni-
fies, as I have shown, the services of the soldiers of
1812 above those of the " times that tried men's
souls," and rising above all such petty consid-
erations as length of service, privations endured,
disabilities incurred, it embraces ill its scope all
who served for a term of three months, or were
engaged in a battle; all, without distinction, the
invalid confined to his couch or hobbling on crutch,
and the stout and stalwart; the rich, living in
wealth and luxury, and the indigent, straitened by
poverty and a numerous family; those who served
five years and those who served three months. I
am mistaken. The proposed amendment of my
friend from Georgia, [Mr. Gaiitrell,] reminds
me there is a distinction. The general and colo-
nel, and major and captain, get their forty dollars
per month; the lieutenants their thirty dollars; the
ensigns, their twenty dollars; the surgeons, their
sixty dollars; the sergeants, their eleven dollars,
