1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2859
aware that there is a provision of law for enlisting;
boys into the naval service. This is intended to
apply to the marine corps the same system. The
committee recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment because there was no limitation to the
number, and no purpose specified for their use.
Mr. PHELPS. I concur in the amendment.
I learn that the object of this provision of the
Senate is this: we have been in the habit of en-
listing boys with the consent of their parents, and
employing them in the marine corps for the pur-
pose of becoming a part of the marine band. The
law which authorizes the enlistment for the naval
and the marine service, only authorizes enlist-
ments forv four years, so that after these lads had
been instructed as musicians and composed a part
of the marine band, they were discharged instead
of serving until they were twenty-one. They re-
ceive the same pay as marines and are on duty as
musicians. I think that the amendment ought to
be concurred in.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to insert after " ma-
rine corps" the words, " and in the United States
Army."
Mr. Chairman, I should like to be informed of
some reason why this amendment should be con-
curred in. I take it for granted that those who
have put this provision into an appropriation bill,
have looked into the subject and found it right and
proper to employ youths of eleven and twelve
years in the marine corps. I do not know what
reason makes their employment proper in the
marine corps that will not make their employment
proper in the Army. We might as well give au-
thority for their employment in the one as in the
other. I presume that the other members of the
committee know as little about this as I do We
have little opportunity to know whether it is de-
sirable to enlist boys in the marine corps. It was
long a matter of discussion whether boys should
be employed in the Navy, and it was only after
years of effort that the measure was enacted into
law. We are now, on an appropriation bill under
the five-minute rule and with no full opportunity
of examination, called upon to apply that same
provision to another branch of the public service.
If we have authority in the one case, I think that
we have as much to give it in the other. The in-
formation in the one case is as much as it is in
the other, and we had as well throw open the door.
I think, however, that it all had better bo stricken
out; and if such a provision be recommended by
the naval authorities, let it be made in a separate
bill, where we can vote independently on it, with-
out being compelled to pass it on the penalty of
losing one of the appropriation bills.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The only alter-
ation made in the existing law is this: boys may
now be enlisted in the marine corps with the con-
sent of their parents, but they are discharged after
four years' service. They are paid as marines are
on duty upon the marine band. This provides
that they shall be enlisted, with the consent of their
parents, until they are twenty-one.
Mr. RUSSELL. Why is it put in an appro-
priation bill '
Mr. PI-IELPS, of Missouri. That is my objec-
tion to it. The House has already settled that
point, however, by incorporating other provisions
of general legislation into these appropriation bills;
one was made a test, and it was voted in. These
boysporform duty musicians. Now,when they ;
are educated, and holy able to act as musicians,
they arc discharged. This extends tiieir service
until they are twenty-one.
Mr. BRANCH. My objection to this, if I had
no other, is, that if is not germane to an appro-
priation bill. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move, pro forma,
to strike out " seventeen," and to insert in lieu
thereof " eighteen." I do this for the purpose j
of saying a word on this subject, and furnishing j
some information which I think it desirable the j1
House should possess, before voting on the Sen- H
ate amendment. The law which enables appren-
tices to be enlisted for the naval service is that of
1837. It provides that it shall be lawful to enlist
boys for the Navy, with the consent of their
parents or guardians, not being under thirteen nor
over eighteen years of age, and to serve until they
shall arrive at the age of twenty-one years. It
has been decided by competent judicial authority
that this law does not provide for the enlistment
of marines, and this amendment of the Senate is to
provide for that omission. The question is simply
this, (and it can as well be understood in two
minutes as in two years:) is it important to allow
apprentices to be injected into the marine corps,
as it is important and beneficial to inject them into
our naval service ?
The reason for introducing an apprentice sys-
tem in the Navy, is this: in our naval and com-
mercial marine, the ratio of American sailors, in
the aggregate to foreign sailors, isas two in every
one hundred; and in the marine corps the pro-
portion is thought to be about the same; and in
order to recruit the service and to inject a suffi-
cient degree of American spirit in the marine
corps as is being infused into the naval service, it
is requisite and essential that this provision should
be adopted. It is also a great measure for the de-
pletion of the low and degraded population of our
cities. There are thousands of boys, who, if op-
portunity were furnished, would enter the marine
corps, and eventually become ornaments to the,
corps, as they now are ornaments to the naval
service.
This comprehends the whole circle of informa-
tion necessary to vote upon this amendment, and
I hope it will be concurred in.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If this amendment is adopted
in the language in which it is written, these boys
will get no pay at all. It has evidently been
copied from an old bill, without making the change
requisite to make it perfect. It provides for the
enlistment of boys into the marine service—a thing
not before provided for by law—and then u goes
on to say that the boys " shall receive .the same
pay and rations now received by boys enlisted in
said corps, under the authority of the Secretary
of the Navy." I merely wanted to call the at-
tention of the committee to this fact, so that while
this matter is in the hands of the committee it may
be put into such a shape as will make it effectual.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
The Senate amendment was then concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
Pec. 4. And be it further cnacted, That to defray the ex-
penses ami compensation of a commissioner tu tin- Republic
of Paiaguay, (should it he doomed proper hy tin' President
to .ippomt one,) in execution of the joint i evolution of the
present session "for ill*' adjustment ot difficulties with the 1
Republic ot Parasuav," $1"J,000, or wo much thereof a< may
be noces-viry : Provided^ That the compensation hetebv al-
lowed shall not exceed the late of .ohO pel annum lor the
tune cmplo) < d.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Upon this amend-
mendmcnt 1 have very little to say. I ask the
Clerk to read the resolution referred to m the
amendment.
The resolution was read; and is as follows:
" That for the purpose of adjusting the differences between
the United States and the Republic of Paiaguay m connec-
tion with the atidck on the United Htates steamer Water
Witch, and Willi othej matters referred to in the annual
me-sage of the President, he be, and is hereby, authorized
to adopt such measmea and life <*ueh force as, in his judg- :
incut. may be ncce--naiy and advisable in the event of a j
refusal ofju^t satisfaction by Che Government of Paraguay." j
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This amendment;
is to carry out that resolution.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Snc. 5. And he it further enacted, That all the «teain-
elnps of the Navy of the United States now building, or [
hereafter to be built, shall be named hy the f?ee ctary of ■
ihe Navv, under the direction of the President of the United 1
Srate.s, according to the following rule, namely: all tbose i
offotiy guns oi moie shall be considered of the first class, j
and shall be cailcd altu tiie States ()f the Union ; those of j
twenty euns, and under forty, shall be considered a* of the
second cla=s, and be called after the nveis and principal ;
towns oi cities; and all Jhoseofle«s than twenty gun5' shall !
be the thnd cla^s, and named by the Secretaiy ofthe Navy,
as the Picsulent may diiect, caic being taken that no two ■
vessels m the Navy shall hear the fcame name.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This is a repeti- j
tion of an old act, which was applied to sailing;
vessels, made applicable to the steam marine. K ,
will cost nothing, and the committee recommend .
a concurrence. j
The amendment was concurrcd in. ;
Fourteenth amendment: j
Sec. 6. And be it further cnacted, That the Secretary of ,
the Navy cau^e to lie constructed, a-, speedily as maybe
consistent with the public interest;-, live steam screw cloops- ,
of-war, with full steam power, whose greatest draught of |
water shall not exceed fourteen feet, which ships shall !
combine the lieavie.-t aimament and greatest speed com- !
pattble with their chaiactcr and tonnage; and one side- !
wheel war steamer, wlio-e sri eate t di aught shall not exceed '
eight feet, aimed and piovided forsemcem the China seas ; ;
and that there be, and is hereby, appropuated, to be ex- '
pended under the direction-of the Secretary of the Navy,
for the purpose above specified, the sum of $J 200.000 out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HATCH. I want to offer an amendment
to that.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This is the last
amendment to the House bill; and it provides for
five steam screw sloops-of-war of fourteen feet
11 draught, and one side-wheel steamer of eightfeet
|j draught, for service in the Chinese s"eas.
It The committee recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. BOCOOK. I move to strike out" five"
and to insert " ten. "
I was stating this morning, when I was cut off
by the expiration of my time, that the proposi-
tion I now bring forward was recommended by
the Secretary of the Navy in the beginning of the
session. I stated that ten of these small steam-
ers were needed in our Navy for a peace estab*
lishment. I intended to say further, that, in view
of the present condition of our foreign relations,
not with reference to a war, but for the purpose
of preventing war, we ought to have our peace es-
tablishment full and complete. Weakness invites,
aggression; strength repels and prevents aggres-
sion. If it is known that you may be attacked
with impunity, attacks will come. Gentlemen
well know that. If it is known that you are ready
to repel assaults, nations will be slow to make
them. Nations, in this respect, aie like individ-
uals.
I was stating this morning that I recommended
this as a measure of economy; and I stated, fur-
thermore, that I did not intend to rccommend any
change in the amount of money appropriated. I
believe this sum is enough to carry on these ten
small sloops during this year, and until we can
obtain more.
I wish to suggest this to the members of the
committee: our navy-yards—that feature of our
naval system which causes so much expense to
the Government—have their complement of men
now full. They have their usual appropriations
made to them. What are these laborers doing in
the navy-yards? They are engaged in making
repairs, many of which will be needless, provided
this proposition passes. Take the workmen from
these repairs, and put them on the construction
of these new, well-equipped and well-provided
steamers; and to that extent you do not increase
the expenses of the Government, and you do good
to the country.
Mr. Q.CJITMAN. I wish to know whether
the amendment provides tiiat some of them shall
be of lighter draught?
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to have all of them of
lighter draught. The distinguished Senator from
Florida, who is as well acquainted with naval af-
fairs as any man in the country, insisted on allow-
ing these vessels a draught of fourteen feet. I
disagree with him, in my humble way, in regard
i to this matter. 1 think the draught of twelve feet
j amply sufficient. But 1 wish to say to the gen-
| tleman from Mississippi that, if the provision
j passes as it now is in regard to the draught of
| water, it will not require ail to be of fourteen feet
! draught. That is lixed as the maximum merely.
; Some may be of fourteen feet draught, some of
twelve, some of ten, some of eight, and as low as
possible to have them built, so as to be effective
and well-armed ships.
A gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow]
said the otiiei day that he saw no need of adding
to the Navy, and that the Navy was asstiong
now, in proportion, as it was in 1816. I was
sorry to hear the gentleman make such a state-
ment. m the face of the House and ofthe oountiy.
We have now no more Navy than we had in 1816.
j It is not increased at all. Our coast-line to be de
i fended has increased about two-fold, and our ton
j nagc has swelled five-fold. We then had but one
l third ofthe tonnage of Great Britain. Now we
| have more tonnage than Great Britain herself.
I With all our Pacific coast, with new lines of com-
merce opened up, with all those requirements for
a Navy, we have now no larger Navy than we
had in 1816. We have now only forty-two ef-
fective ships in our Navy. Great Britain has five
or six hundred. She has more than ten times the
number that we have. Then, I say, while all
these demands are upon our Navy, will gentlemen
sit here still and stolid, and see the Navy sunk?
I ask, how long is this thing to go on? I tell
gentlemen that wc must build new ships as long
