1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 271
the land, from mountain and vale, from town and
country, the citizen soldiery flock, not to the
" royal banner," but to the stars and stripes, as
the " waves come when navies are stranded."
1 may assume, however, from what we have
heard, that the object and purpose of the advo-
cates of this measure are to fasten the pension sys-
tem upon the country, to give it permanence, to
incorporate it into our political and military or-
ganism, and establish a precedent which may be
conclusively pleaded in favor of the allowance of
these bounties to all soldiers engaged in all sub-
sequent wars. Whether so intended or not, a
favorable decision on this bill —
" will be recorded for a precedent;
And many an error by the same example
Will rush into the State."
As our regular Army is constantly engaged in
skirmishes with hostile and predatory Indians,
you cannot stop short of all who are m the ser-
vice. Pensions to the revolutionary soldiers can-
not be justly used as a plea for this enlargement
of the system. The Revolution had a special pre-
eminence, lifting it above all other wars; and it is
idle to assimilate to it the war of 1812 and cotem-,
poraneous Indian wars. Half starved, half clad,
tracking their course with blood, the hardships
endured, the sacrifices made, the toils and priva-
tions undergone, by the heroes of 1776, find no
parallel in later wars. It is not necessary to insti-
tute a comparison as to the courage and gallantry
of the men in the two wars, or the value of their
services. Suffice it to say that, in ourrevolution-
ary struggle, the Americans were regarded as reb-
els and traitors, and not unfrequently treated as
such. The Government was unstable, precarious,
and often inactive. " In journeyings often, in
perils by their own countrymen, perils in the city,
perils in the wilderness, m weariness and pain-
fulness, in watchings often, in hunger and thirst,
in cold and nakedness," the revolutionary sol-
diers fought against the mother country, and re-
ceived their scant pittance in a depreciated cur-
rency. "Very different was the war of 1812. It
was a regular war between two independent na-
tions, conducted, for the most part, according to
the recognized rules of modern warfare. Thesol-
dier, when dischatged from service, or before,
received his pay in good money, and one hundred
and sixty acres of land besides. The soldiers of
the war of 1812 were gallant men; deserve well
of their country; but wherein do they exceed in
personal courage, value of services, or hazards of
war, those engaged in the Seminole war in 1817;
the Black Hawk war in 1832; the Florida war from
1835 to 1842; the Creek disturbances in 1836;
or the Mexican war in 1846? There can be no
distinction in principle. There is no lalismanic
superiority in service against British troops or
the Indians during the war of 1812, over Mexi-
can troops or the Indians, at a later period than
1815. If one be entitled, so are the others; and
the passage of this bill inaugurates a policy which
cannot be arrested. Vote this gratuity, distribute
these bounties, and you array and ramify influ-
ences which, possessed of the precedent and acting
on the defensive, will defy and defeat all efforts
to an est, or return to economy. The first man
who proposed, in Rome, a gratuitous distribution
of corn from the public granaries was condemned
to suffer the punishment of treason. After a while
the pensioners became so numerous that the most
absolute and despotic emperors feared to interfere
with their bounties. When Augustus came to
power, he found three and twenty thousand citi-
zens of the male sex (for females were excluded)
enrolled as recipients of the public dole; and, while
he confessed that these largesses were working un-
mitigated evil, he avowed, in later years, that, if
he withdrew the gratuitous distributions, a suc-
cessful rival would displace him, and lestore them.
This question is argued as if the Government
had unlimited power, and could sequestrate, at
will, the property of its citizens. 1 do not belong
to that school of politicians who invest Congress
with the omnipotence of the British Parliament,
and from the power tf to lay and collect taxes,"
" to raise and support armies," " to provide and
maintain a navy," claim sovereignty over prop-
erty, and the uncontrolled right to appropriate it,
as caprice or partiality or hate or benevolence
may dictate. There is no sovereignty in Con-
gress, and when we tax the people beyond what
is necessary for an economical administration of
the Government, to bestow bounties, gratuities,
and pensions, we rob Peter to pay Paul; we op-
press a majority to support a few favorites; we
transfer the property of nine men to the tenth
man. It was never intended to invest our Gov-
ernment with an absolute power over the prop-
! erty of the citizens. Our revolutionary struggle
| was a successful protest against the English no-
; tion of sovereignty over private property. Rep-
! resentation is a farce; popular elections are an
1 abortion; constitutions are ropes of sand; our
| Revolution was a failure, if there is sovereign
power over property in this Government. Clear
grants of power, specific enumerations of objects of
appropriation,reservations of undelegated power,
were unnecessary if Congress can indulge a " sov-
ereign, legislative patronage in favor of local, pri-
vate, or individual interests." English kings have
claimed the right to dispose of public and private
property to favorites, to purchase adherents; but
I have sought m vain for any word of the Con-
stitution authorizing us to make donations, or be-
stow benevolence with the money of the people.
Gieat Biitain has struggled for years to relieve
herself of the excesses of her pension system, to
make ministers responsible for the bestowment of
her gratuities; and we, with the benefit of her ex-
perience, are gravely proposing to take up and
adopt her exploded and condemned theories. Her
experience ought to be an admonition to us; but,
in the face of it, and without a clear ground of
constitutional authority, we are copying a bad
example.
The history of pensions, in other lands, is a
history of frauds and abuses. Here we have men,
rioting in luxury, begging to be quartered on the
Government, and a greedy troop of cormorant
speculators and claims agents, harpy-like,
<c Conmrtu nmnia toedans nnmundo,"
getting up instructions from Legislatures, and in-
citing a clamor for the" poor soldiers," many of
whom would be fleeced of a large portion of what
you propose so munificently to donate. In other
countries, the system is reprobated; in this, its
consequences will be most pernicious.
A class of consumers will be created, interested
in sustaining a Government that supports them,
who will advocate large expenditures, and may
infuse poisonous opinions in the public mind.
Crowned heads, by pensions,attach families to the
throne, secure political influence, and enlarge their
power. Congress, by its douceurs and gratuities,
may extend the power and patronage of this Gov-
ernment, already alarmingly great, and raise up
a class of " feeders upon legislative patronage,"
who are interested in giving a blind support to
; all its measures, and uninquiringly acquiescing
in whatever may be done. I repeat, as there is
no sovereignty in this Government—least of all,
a sovereign power to take away the property of
! the citizcns—and as Congress is but an agent or
| trustee, it cannot exercise powers not delegated,
I nor give bounties and do benevolence at the ex-
i pense of those who created the Government.
| Suppose we concede, for argument's sake, that
! the power to grant pensions and make gratuities
; and give away the public money as caprice or
] kindness prompts, was conferred in the Consti-
, tution: I should then hold that the system was
• unwise and inexpedient. It is bad policy to ac-
: custom men to look to Government for support.
; It is unwise to quarter soldiers or sailors, able-
; bodied and healthy, on the public Treasury. 11 is
| destructive of manly independence to rely on ex-
I trinsic means for subsistence. This whole mat-
i ter grows out of a wrong conception of the duty
: and design of a free Government. Instead of hav-
i ing men as stipendiaries, instead of making Gov-
1 ernment an almoner of bounty, and converting it
into a huge eleemosynary concern to dispense
charity; instead of making it a sort of second-
hand Providence, predestinating, regulating, and
controlling the destiny and pursuits and industry
, of individuals, its duties are few, simple, and well
! defined. In Prance, Government may be expected
i to furnish employmentfor the working men; and,
j failing to do that, to supply them with bread and
I wages. But in France, the Republic has lapsed
j into a crushing military despotism. In Rome,
| the people may have been fed from publicgrana-
i ries; but it is recorded of her, that the days of
! her Republic were numbered when the people
| consented to receive corn from the Government
1 cribs. In a free country, the citizen should, to a
very great extent, under wise and just laws, be
thrown on his own resources, and not slavishly
rely upon the Government to give him bread and
clothes, build his roads and houses, regulate his
appetites, take care of his morals, and educate
his children. Such a system centralizes the Gov-
ernment, enervates, paralyzes, and withdraws
stimulus to personal effort and activity, reduces
to dependence, destroys responsibility, debases,
and demoralizes. All such legislation by Con-
gress, whether in the form of protective tariffs,
fishing bounties, assumption of State debts, build-
ing roads, giving land to colleges, or furnishing
homes under sweeping and unconstitutional home-
stead laws, is at war with the true theory of a
Republic, destructive of its integrity, and danger-
ous to popular liberty.
The wise and patriotic statesman at the head
of this Government, in his inaugural and annual
messages, strongly recommended us to scrutinize
expenditures with the utmost vigilance, and to
practice rigid economy. With an overflowing
Treasury, this would have been difficult to do.
With a depleted Treasury, nothing iseasier. The
Democratic party, responsible in a very great de-
gree for the administration of public affairs, lib-
eral in its promises to retrench and reform, owes
it to its own self-respect, and, in view of the effort
to reconstruct a new party, to its future success,
to commence a rigid eysrem of economy and re-
trenchment; to lop off all expenses not necessary
for the defense of the country and the frugal ad-
ministration of the Government; and to put an
end, so far as it can, to waste, extravagance and
fraud.
I am aware that it has been said that there is a
natural tendency to extravagance in Republics;
that a resort to direct taxation is the only cure for
this chronic malady; and 1 believe, with Sir Rob-
ert Peel, that " all indirect taxation has a natural
tendency to produce injustice;" yet, with proper
efforts, with a cordial cooperation between the ex-
ecutive and legislative departments, tins Govern-
mentcan be brought back to republican simplicity
and economy. An earnest of our purpose will be
given, and a great advance will be made in defeat-
ing this and similar bills, and rebuking this dispo-
sition to look to Government for the dispensation
of its favors.
I do not desire, Mr. Chairman, to be under-
stood as questioning, in the slightest degree, the
laws providing for those who have been disabled
in the service of their country. I think them emi-
nently wise and proper. I have greatly failed,
also, of my purpose, if anything that I have said
can be construed into a disparagement of those
brave and true men who, at their country's call,
left home and kindred, and periled everything in
her behalf. For their self-sacrificing patriotism,
their heroic daring, their gallantry and courage, I
would rcnderall proper honor and reward. Many
of them are my neighbors; scores of them I rep-
resent on this floor. The county of my residence
bears the name of,and its shire town is located on,
one of the memorable battle-fields of the bloody
Indian war. 1 can have no motive for doing in-
justice to or underrating the services of our coun-
try's defenders. Sinister considerations might
prompt me to the advocacy and support of this
bill; but those who have encountered hardships
and shed their blood for their country's honor,
would scorn a gratuity tainted with injustice, and
obtained by overriding the Constitution and bank-
rupting the Treasury.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, in
the few remarks which I propose to make on the
present occasion, if I can get the attention of the
committee, 1 propose to refute some of the posi-
tions taken by the gentleman from Alabama who
has just taken his seat, [Mr. Curry.] I propose
to show, if I can, that these pensions to the old
soldiers of the war of 1819, should not be denied
on account of the cost to the Government which
it may involve and that the effect which the sys-
tem may have had in Great Britain cannot be
urged as an objection against the system which
this bill proposes to establish. Sir, there is &
great difference between the Government of Great
Britain and our Government. That is a govern-
ment of a crown, ours is a government of the peo-
ple. They have a standing mercenary army. Our
Government is upheld by the voice of the people.
Our battles are fought and our victories jvon by
the citizen soldiery, they stand far above the sol-
