750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
which the two principal parties of this country
rallied in the last presidential struggle. The con-
test, in the South, it is true, was mixed up with
the effete dogmas of Know Nothingism—the most
of that party, with here and there a disgraceful
exception, maintaining thesame principles in com-
mon with the Democracy^ touching the slavery
issue. But how was it in the North ? It was the
bloodiest battle in the history of American polit-
ical warfare. Only two years before that the
national men of tho North, with but very few
exceptions, were ovei'powered and crushed out
benea<h the tramp of that mighty army with its
myriads of fanatics, who marched in unbroken
columns under that black banner upon which was
written, in letters of blood, the memorable motto:
44 Anti-Kansas—no more slave States."
The admission or rejection of Kansas grows in
importance-.and significance when we realize the
fact that, with a large majority of those who op-
pose it—and that majority constitutes the larger
moiety of the northern people—there is a settled
determination not to admit any more slave States
into this Union. This sentiment is growing at
the North, and the southern people should know
it. I am aware that the followers of the Illinois
Senator contend that slavery is but an abstraction
merely in Kansas—an admission 1 do not make;
but even if it were, so much the stronger evidence
that you dg_ not intend ever that another slave
State shall enter the door of this Confederacy. If
you will not admit a State because it has the ab-
straction of slavery, without the institution prac-
tically, by what sort of logic are we to conclude
that you would vote to admit a State that was
clearly and unequivocally and practically in favor
of slavery? If you are alarmed, and flee at the
approach of shadows, how can we expect you to
stand when the substance itself shall appear be-
fore you ?
Whether Kansas shall be a free State or a slave
State, will not affect my course; while I would
prefer, as it seems to me every true southern man
should, that she should come in as a slave State,
in view of the effect which her close proximity
may have upon Missouri, by whom the Sowth
should stand as one man, and never desert her
though they had to march through fire and b'ood;
nevertheless, f am here, to-day, ready to assume
the responsibility to vote to admit Kansas as a
free State, providing she applied in that capacity.
It is principle that I contend for; the right of the
people to govern themselves, and the equality of
tho States; is there nothing in that doctrine, though
slavery be disconnected altogether with it, for
which we of the South, as sovereign States, and
as freemen, should contend ? Should a gentleman
submit to an insult any sooner than he would to a
blow from an antagonist? The Boston merchants
threw the tea into the ocean for the sake of a prin-
ciple, which caused the first gun of the Revolu-
tion to be fired. It was a difference about a
political principle or abstraction, that brought
about the war of 1812. Principle is everything;
deeds are only significant where they result from
principle.
The leading idea of South Carolina's sreat states-
man, of preserving an equilibrium of the strength
and power of the free and slave States, is now gone
forever. The admission of California threw the .
balance into the northern scale, and the admission ;
of Oregon and Minnesota will forever preclude all |
hope of its readjustment. But was any one pre- \
pared to suppose that the day was so near at hand, 1
that the sectional majority in either House of Con-
gress would forever close the doors against the j
admission of any more States tolerating slavery? 1
Tiuly will the South feel that the evil day is near i
if Kansas is rejected. No matter what the motive i
may be, let me say to you that the conservative ;
men of the South will feel, that as their rights are
trenched upon inch by inch, that they must be-
gin to look to and within the South foi succor jnd i
iclief. That principle once established and im-
bedded in the southern mind, it will not require a
prophet to foresee the decline, and, unless there ,
should be a returning sense of justice in the North, i
the end of this the model Republic that has yet ;
been recorded m the annals of time. To quietly i
submit longer, would only encourage and invite
continued aggression and wrong, and serve to
deprive us, in the estimation of the enlightened
Powers of earth, of the respect which resistance
■wauld at least entitle us to,
Oh ! but the Republican party say that they are
opposed to the extension of slavery. Southern
expansion is their climacteric of political woe!
Why are you opposed ? It is a domestic institu-
tion—is it any of your business? Notif there is
any truth in the doctrine that government was in-
stituted among men upon the consent of the gov-
erned. That the people have a right to govern
themselves, is an undeniable truth; and if they
desire slavery, why oppose it? You cannot be
opposed to slavery because the number will be
increased thereby. Not a slave will be born by
extending slavery into Kansas that would not be
born by prohibiting the^instituuon from that Ter-
ritory. It cannot, then, be through motives of
philanthropy and sympathy for-the negro. Do
you oppose its extension bccause you look for-
ward to the day when you hope that the South
may be overrun with a black population, with but
"few whites to control them—thus endangering the
safety and supremacy of our race ? Do you for-
get that we descended from a common stock?
'The Baptists ofVirginia, the Huguenots of South
Carolina,and the Puritans of New England, were
all Anglo-Saxon. They were the nursery of this
proud nation—the germ from which sprung this j
mighty people who now control the northern !
hemisphere of this continent, stretching from the j
icy North to the balmy South, and from ocean to
ocean, shedding light upon the nations, offering
a shelter to the downtrodden and oppressed of j
the world. And is it true that our northern couti- j
trymen, with the same blood coursing their veins
that animates ours, arc willing to force us into a \
war of races that would end m the extinction of |
the one while desolation and ruin would surround ;
the other? Is this the heritage that you would i
bequeath posteiity ? j
|l Sir, it cannot be concealed that the object Abo- ;
j! htionism—and Black Republicanism is its syno- 1
i| nym—has in opposing the extension of slavery,
j strikes at its.very existence in the States. They !
i! wish to confine it within narrow limits until it
ij becomes burdensome and profitless, on account of
1 itsincreased numbers withinalimited area. They
,! would dam up the stream until it overflows its
|j banks, spreading devastation around.
|| Sir, the northern people who have been deluded ]
,j and deceived by demagogues; who are made to
i | believe that our beautiful South is a land of stripes }
1' and blood, are culpable for not having torn from i
!' their eyes the vail of misrepresentation and false- |
hood with which they have been hoodwinked. T
had hoped since the nation, North and South, is j
becoming checkered all over with a network of
railways, making tiic tiavel from the extreme lim-
its of one section to the other cheap, comfortable, ;
; and expeditious, that the northern people would i
1 visit us more, partake of our hospitable boauis, 1
and see for themselves.
It is a remarkable fart, that our northern com- '
j! mercial men entertain sounder and more conserv- ■
!l ative views with reference to the institutions of!
i; the South than any other class as a class of their I
;j population. That is a fact worthy of reflection. ,
'<\ Why is it so ? Simply because they know more
aboutthc South from theircommercialmtercour.se '
and social relations with the southern people. |
They know that all this sentimental pinlamhropv <
that would decoy and abduct a slave f\om his mas- >
tor—from a home of protection and plenty—and
then permit him to starve in some miserable gar- 1
ret or cellar in some northern city is as cruel, :
_ false, and inhuman towards the deluded slave, as !
j it is mean, dishonest, and an outrage upon the j
rights of the master. They know very well that 1
slavery is the, normal condition of the African !
negro, and that he has never attained to one half'
the degree of civilization in his native land or in 1
this country, as a free negro, as he has under the
guidance and contiol of his southern master. Com-
mercial men, and they have been styled the factors '
of the agriculturists of the South and West, ought
to make still greater effort to correct northern
sentiment and to put down all this fanatical cry
against the southern people. But for the products
of slave labor, cotton, rice, sugar, hemp, and to-
bacco, which seek an exchange for other products
in foreign markets, and thus constitute the com-
merce of our northern cities; and but for our di-'
rect trade with those cities pouring into their laps !
j annually many hundred millions of dollars, the ;
! result of our slave labor, what would become of j
i that commerce? What would become of the many ;
millions who now swell the great cities of the
North, and whose handicraft labor is enriching
that people?
New York is now the great commercial center
or heart of this nation. She does not experience
the least irregularity in her inmost receptacle that
does not forthwith, extend itself to the extremest
limit of our southern and western trade. Her pul-
sations vibrate throughout the land. We have
just passed through (if indeed we may flatter our-
selves that the dawn is breaking) one of the dark-
est periods known to the history of monetary re-
vulsions. Oppression and bankruptcy have waved
their black wand of despair and ruin over the fate
of thousands. The arm of industry has bebn par-
alyzed; labor has been denied its just reward; credit
has been destroyed; and a wail of woe has filled
the air, produced how ? Simply by the expansion *
and sudden contraction of a worthless paper cur-
rency based upon false promises instead of gold
and silver. In all this distress—and one gentle-
man said a few days since that it had brought starv-
ation into his district, staring like a specter of
death at the helpless and poor—not one solitary
dollar of actual capital of national or universal
currency has been sunk, lost, or destroyed. Itis
all the result of fictitious causes.
Now suppose that you could carry out the
schemes of the northern fanatic or Abolitionist,
that you would so hedge in slavery, surround it
on all sides by a cordon of free States, prevent its
•extension, making inroads upon it at every pos-
sible aperture, narrowing the circle at every source
of approach, until it should become profitless,
ay, burdensome, and thus effect its abolition:
what will you have made in a monetary point of
view? Stiike down at one blow the immense
profits of slave-labor, which to-day enriches the
North, and, sir, instead of the teeming millions
of operatives who now fill your workshops—your
mills of various kinds, not a hammer scarcely
will be hcaft to beat, and not a spindle will charm
the ear with its musical hum; grass will spring up
in your streets, and plenty will desert your land.
The cry will be truly "blood or bread!" If
such consequences legitimately follow the with-
drawal of the productive energies of slave-labor,
what would be the picture if abolitionism could
accomplish the abolition of slavery, and the
$2,000,000,000 (the value of slave-labor) were
at another blow struck down from the bulk of
American capital? Sir, will any man attempt to
describe the picture? Instead of tenantless shops
and crowded streets with the cry of " blood or
bread !" the cry will be "blood and bread /" Think
not that the evil will be upon us of the South alone.
No; serious as it might be, if it were possible that
the South would ever submit to such wrong—be-
fore which I am free to say every true southron
would first find his sepulcher—yet its effect upon
the North cannot he described.
But you say that you once had slaves in many
of the northern States, and that no such results
followed emancipation. You never emancipated
your slaves; you brought them down South, sold
them, put the money in your pockets, and re-
turned home, really doubting the morality of
owning slaves. Piiarisee-like, you were very con-
scientious after you got the money in yourpocket.
Sir, is the North determined that there shall be
no more slave States admitted into this Confed-
eracy? While the dominant power of the North
uses every means within then- grasp to prevent
Kansas from coming into the Union, because she
has recognized in her organic law the rights of
her people to hold any kind of property they may
choose, even though it be slaves, are they determ-
ined to wage an unending and relentless war
against any and all efforts that may—it matters
not how very remotely—look to the extension of
slavery into Central America. I do not allude
to Central America because I would advise any
active movements upon the part of the South to-
wards its colonization, but beeause it serves to
illustrate tho temper of the times as manifested by
the Abolitionists of the North, and by the over-
weening cupidity of the British Government to
get a foothold there that may be prejudicial to
southern interests.
We are coolly told that Central America must
be Americanized, and that the anti-slavery Emi-
grant Aid Society of New England is to accomplish
the work. Is the object to surround the South with
free States ? New England men are to colonize
