1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
280*
waters the Styx went forth in chase after our
ships, and in indifference to our flag. For these
we must have acknowledgment and reparation.
But, I repeat it, these can be obtained through
negotiations; atleast, the resources of negotiation
should be exhausted before we resort to the ar- i
bitrament of battle. Sir, grave and delicate for- '
eign questions are now pressing upon us; and a
wise and sagacious diplomacy is needed. We
cannot hazard the peace of the world, and our
progress, by incautious and dangerous counsels. ;
The improvidence on the part of the Secretary of !
State may have had much to do in driving us into
our present critical and alarming complication
with Great B.itain. His suggestion that Great
Britain could more effectually prevent the slave
trade by blockading the coast of Cuba might ac-
cord with the ambition of Great Britain, but not
with the interests and policy of the United States.
When Great Britain blockades the coast of Cuba,
she will sound the trump ^war with us; for she
cannot make such a blockatre without, in its pros-
ecution, involving, hersoli in such invasions of
our jurisdiction, such infringements of our neutral
rights, and such interruptions of our commerce,
as will never be submitted to. The British flag
cannot be long in the Gulf without American
eagles gathering there. This, however, is in the
future. For the present, negotiations can extri-
cate us. The President of the United States is
ripe in experience, consummate in diplomacy,
and sensitive to the honor of the country; and to
his hands I will confidently commit the adjust-
ment of our present difficulties with Great Britain.
But, sir, though I see no reasonable danger of
war now, I do not see so much brightness in the
future. A war with Groat Britain is, I fear, in-
evitable. We are her great commercial rival, and
this rivalry is breeding heats and contentions and
heartburnings. The scepter is passing fi out her,
and our outstretched hands are ready to clutch it.
Will she part from it without a struggle ? When
her maritime ascendency is gone, what is she?
A third-rate Power. Will she willingly sink down
into this lowly estate? Already our tonnage eqtfuls
hers; and the products of our labor and skill meet
her in every market. The homogeneous action
of the labor, skill, enterprise, genius, power, prod-
ucts, eneigy, of every portion of the Union, and
these made tributary to our foieign commerce by
restrictive laws and extravagant bounties, lmve
already made us the commercial rival of Great
Britain, and soon will make us her master^ Be-
sides, the ii tread of our pioneers is heard in the
western forests," and cities are springing up to
mark and illustrate their trackway-• The tramp
of our marching columns is even now ringing over
the wastes of South Amei ica, and the strong hand
of our people will soon seize the very seat of
tropical power an\I tropical wealth. We tire every
day increasing our resources, widening our area,
extending our boundaries, and cnlaiging the vol-
ume of our power. If we arc now the favored
and prosperous rivals of Great Britain, when we
have carried our institutions to the furthest South,
when we have unbound the zones of the tropics,
and have given form and vitality to the wealth and
power which have for ages been sleeping there,
can we be other than her master? Will she sub-
mit to our ascendency? To build up her mari-
time superiority, Gieat Britain has squandered
more millions than there are figures in arithmetic
to calculate; to hold the scepter of the seas, she
has shed blood enough for her navies to ride in;
to rear up her magnificent hierarchy, political and
commercial, she lias consigned geneiations ot ncr
people to wretchedness. Will she now give up
nil of these,and give them upwithouta struggle r
I know full well that eight millions of her people
depend upon cotton for their daily biead, and I
know that these are bonds strong and powerful
to hold her to peace, but I know, too, that to
carry out her stern policy m Ireland, she threw
away untold treasure, and sent one million of her
Irish ciiiz-' ns to the grave. From every hill and
every valley of that'doomed and fated land came
ringing upon her the appealing shrieks of her
starved and dying people; and yet she pressed on
to the consummation of her stern policy, through
the tears and blood and ashes of Ireland. Will
she shrink from a conflict with us, when her naval
power and commercial superiority are at stake?
No; though she rush upon her fate, and go down
in the shock, ©he will still encounter it.
Thus, sir, I would prepare for the future. If it
does not come in threat and storm, so much the bet-
ter; if thus it docs come, we are foreatmed. But I
would avoid war now. A war with Great Britain,
at this time, would shake our whole industrial
system, paralyze our industrial energies, consol-
idate the Government, and fasten upon it iniqui-
tous legislation. We are growing faster than any
people on earth. Trending to us are the destinies
and the power of the world. We have only
to preserve a u masterly inactivity." "Entan-
gling alliances" we must avoid; and where they
exist, we must discntagle ourselves from them.
The treaty of Washington must be ended, for it
only involves us in difficulties and decimates our
Navy. The Clayton-Buhver treaty, too, must
be ended, for it would bind our feet while stand-
ing in the veiyjeoich of the temple of tropical
wealth and power. Through peace we shall daily
grow stronger; and by keeping aloof from " en-
tangling alliances" we may avoid collision with
foreign Powers. Great Biitain, France, and Rus-
sia, are grimly watching each other. There will
be a trial of strength between them for the empire
of the East. TheSlavonic race is moving on to the
Mediterranean. Inheriting the skill of the Greek,
and the diplomacy of the Byzantine age, with the
nerve of the Asiatic, strengthened,hardened, and
consolidated by the fiosts of northern Europe,
this race is destined to play a magnificent part in
the drama which shall settle the fate of the world.
In the evuivemcnt of these events peace is our
policy. It may be in our reach to pieserve it in
the future; let us not recklessly endanger it now.
Our rights I will maintain; our honor I will de-
fend; but we may do both now without blood. Of
the Gulf of Mexico I would say, as the Romans
said of the Mediterranean, nuue nosti um, and no
hostile should invade its waters, and cast
upon our eoa.st its baleful shadows. The present
exigency may be v.isely used to throw olT u en-
tangling alliances," and obtain supremacy for us
in the Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. J. GLANGY JONES. I hope the vote
will be taken on this the last Senate amendment
before we take a recess.
The amendment to the amendment, was agreed
to.
Mr. LOVE JOY. I move to shike out all after
the word *' specified.*"
Mr. Chairman, to my apprehension the most
preposterous of all preposteious things is,thatin
, order to keep the peace you must go armed to the
teeth. It is an absurdity, applied either to an in-
dividual or to a nation. It is well known that all
civilized nations prohibit, by legal penalties, the
carrying of arms upon the person. These propo-
sitions are to carry us back to the old feudal times,
when every baron built Ins casile and surrounded
himself with moat, drawbtidge, and portcullis,
and armed his retainers to keep off his neighbors.
I protest against the whole idea. It is preposter-
ous, unchristian, and tends towards barbarism.
Besides that, it is utterly useless. These few
gun-boats—what will they do > Absolutely noth-
ing. It will be a perfect failure, nothing else.
They are no means of defense, but merely a means
of depleting the Treasury. And you must have
! your gun-boats bristling all over the Pacific coast,
j the whole Atlantic coast, the whole lake coast,
! the whole Mississippi and Oiiio banks. Do you
1 propose to do that2 No, sir; you do not. As a
| means of defense, therefore, it is utterly inade-
| quate; and, as I understand it, is an old scheme
| winch will be an utter abortion. In Mr. JcflTe-
I son's day they had to hitch up mules and haul
1 these boats up, and put sheds over them to prc-
j serve them; and when you wanted iheiri they
, were utterly useless; and so these will be.
. Mi. GARNETT. 1 |uot< st against the remarks
! of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,]
' because he says that my colleague's amendment
, is a war measure. It cannot he so considered; for,
j m the first place, the number of ships proposed
i to be built would be preposterously small for an
; English war; and secondly, they could not be
| built in time for any war that could arise out of
the present difficulties. My colleague expressly
declared that he made the proposition without
regard to those difficulties. For my part, I concur
with the gentleman fiom South Carolina, [Mr.
! Keitt,] that there will be no war. The war agi-
| tation has been food for stockjobbers and dema-
,| gogues,and can be of no service to anybody else.
I do not, however, agree with the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] in thinking that war
will ultimately, in some future day, grow out of
our controveisy about the right of search. I think
that,like many other debated questions in our past
history, it will be finally settled in our favor. Sir,
we have the strongest of all allies on our side.
Time and Providence are with us. Not only are
we in the right, but, compared with other nations,
wegrowdaily stronger. England begins to see that
the interests of the two branches of the Anglo-
Saxon race are not antagonistic. Distinguished
from all other nations by a common language, a
literature, a history, and ideas in common, we
have a joint work "to accomplish, a joint destiny
to fulfill. England will leave us to fill the western
hemisphere, as she has the eastern, with the deeds
and the glories of the race. Nor can I agree that
the growth of our commerce must be the decline
of hers. Both may flourish together. God's uni-
verse is wide enough for both; and there is ample
work, moral and material, to employ the po" *ers
and energies of all the generations of the twin
nations. Between them there should be no hos-
tile rivalry—only a generous emulation.
The present question is, therefore, narrowed
down to this: does our Navy need vessels of this
class ? and docs the condition of the Treasury
make it expedient to undertake them at this ses-
sion? The semi-official tabular statement, pre-
sented a few days since by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Winslow,] proves that the
Navy is much larger than it was in 1816; in fact,
this is sufficiently proved by the naval expendi-
tures, which have increased from $4,000,001), m
181G, to over fourteen million dollars last year.
But I am inclined to think that the Navy needs
vessels of the particular class now proposed; and
at another time 1 would vote for them; but the
empty Treasury admonishes us to economy, and
to postpone anything not absolutely necessary,
until the times'are better. Large expenditures
now may bring about an increase of the tariff—a
result that would probably be agreeable to some
gentlemen. Let us then postpone this matter to
another session.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mi. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to further
amend the Senate amendment, by inserting after
the word " seas," in the tenth line, the words:
And ten <etc\v gun-boats, with full steam power, whose
greatest diauglit shall not exceed ten feet, aimed and pro-
vided, for service in the waters adjacent to tins continent.
Mr. MASON. I hope the gentleman will in-
sert the word " iron " before the word " screw."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I accept the gen-
tleman's suggestion Mr. Chairman, I am sorry
to perceive an inclination to convert into a theme
for ridicule the Senate amendment, and to afflict
with derision the amendments proposed in this
committee. The subject is of too great dignity
of character, of too alarming a degree of import-
ance to warrant such an inclination or to justify
it. The attempt just made on the other side of
the House, is but little creditable to either its taste
or patriotism, and must inevitably recoil upon
those engaged in the effort. Should war threaten,
when peace is desired, would honorable gentle-
men be sustained in an inconsiderate depreciation
of the danger, or be suffered to deride every meas-
ure suggested for the continuance of peace? In
my judgment, sir, the proposition put forth by
this'amendment, is directed solely to the mainte-
nance of the peace of the country not only, but to
theoonservatismof the national dignity and honor
both at home and abroad, upon sea and upon land.
It is emphatically a peace measure. War has
made no approach to our borders. The horizon
is unclouded, the skies above us are clear, ail is
peace; and yet, in such a peace, when the note of
mdustiy rises over the land, and is borne upon the
sea, when its harmony beguiles labor of its afflic-
tions, and inspires the toiling tillers of a soil where
'•The mower whets his scythe,
And the milk-maid sineeth Withe:'*
during such a peace, sir, is it thai an arrogant
Power liberates the insolence of her menials upon
our ocean commerce, and hounds our metchant
ships through strait and gulf, and over all the
waters that wash this boasted land of the free.
And these aggressions are committed upon the
plea of an English right to visitation and seorch—
a right, sir, never admitted—long ago resisted,
