75&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17.
in a Ave minutes' speech, so that itmay eo in the
Globe.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say that
it is pot competent for the gentleman to present a
petition in committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then if the gentleman will
give way, 1 will read it as my speech.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If the brother wanted to pray,
I would give way; but for a speech I cannot.
^Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. There are so many persons
interested in this matter [" Order!" "Order!"]
If the committee will permit me to have it printed
in the Globe as a part of the proceedings of the
House, I shall have accomplished my object. I
understand the gentleman from Illinois to give
way.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands not.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, before enter-
ing upon the consideration of the subject which
is to be the principal theme of discussion, I desire
to submit a few preliminary remarks as to the
real nature of the contestin which we are engaged.
To my apprehension, it is greatly desirable that
we have a distinct and well-defined understanding
of the conflict—for conflict it is—in which we are
engaged, of the principles involved, and of the
parties arrayed.
It is not, then, let me say, a conflict between
the North and the South—a sectional strife be-
tween two portions of the country. I deem it
unfortunate that the terms North and South are
so frequently employed to designate the opposing
forces in this contest. What is there to array the
North against the South, or the South against the
North? Nothing: so far as I can see, absolutely
nothing. Is there any competition between the
products of these two portions of our common
country ? Do the maize, wheat, and sorghum of
the North, envy the rice, cotton, and cane of the
South ? On the other hand, the territorial extent
of our country, the variety of its productions, and
the range of its climate, are, if left to their natural
operation, elements of strength, union, prosperity,
and harmony. This complicated yet concordant
unity is happily expressed in language employed
for that purpose by one who has passed away:
" Not cimos like toother crushed and bruised ;
r.in like the world, harmoniously eoulused,
Whore order m vai icty we see ;
And where, though all things differ, all agree."'
If there is anything in the land that would de-
stroy or even weaken this mystic, yet potent
agency, that binds us together as a Confederacy,
and which would hurl us in disjointed fragments
into ruin and chaos, let it be brought to the altar
of patriotism and slain.
What, then, is the source of this moral strife
which at times wears an aspect so threatening and
terrific? The source of the calamities which befel
the Grecians in the Trojan war is recited in the
opening lines of the Iliad:
" wrath, to Greece the dutiful eprinf;
Of woe* mimimljered, heavenly goddess, siui'."'
What Achilles's wrath was to Greece slavery is
to our own country—the prolific spring of woes
unnumbered. Not the discussion, not the agita-
tion of the subject of slavery, but the existence of
slavery itself. The conflict, then, is not between
the North and the South, but between freedom
and slavery—between the principles of liberty and
those of despotism. The free States (I speak it
with shame) have advocates of slavery extension;
the slave States (f mention it with joy) have many
hearts that are loyal to freedom, and these liege
men will be greatly multiplied ere many years
roll away. I venture the prediction. The great
mistake has been in identifying the South with
slavery and slaveholdmg—in using the words as
convertible terms. There is a class who advocate
the rightfulness, perpetuity, and nationality of
slavery, who seem to think that they are the
South. Any attack on slavery, with its nameless
wrongs and pollutions and usurpations, is con- j
strued into an assault on the South, and is called i
sectionalism. I
But supposing slavery were not, would there ]
not still be a South ? Would not its rivers flow, its [
forests wave, and its soil and mines yield their |
annual and accustomed tribute? What if the class ■
indicated a class infinitesimal as compared with [
the population of the eutiie Union, and numer- |l
ically insignificant as compared with the whole II
population of the South—what, I say, if this entire
class should be annihilated by a single blow of
that slumbering justice at whose anticipated wak-
ening Jefferson trembled; or be found, on some
morning, heaps of slain, like the hosts ofSennach-
arib, pallid in their couch like the first born of
Egypt, or buried like the horsemen of Pharaoh,
beneath the avenging wave: would there not still
be a South ? What if the earth should open and
swallow master and slave together: would there
not be a class left more than equal in numbers
to that of both the others, to wit: the non-slave-
holders of the slave States, who, if freed from the
presence and blight of slavery, would divide the
territory into small freeholds, and commence a
Erocess of recuperation that would ultimately
ring back the South to its original position, and
make it the pride and glory of the whole land?
Or—what is really desirable, and contemplating
the only peaceful and bloodless and just exodus
which 1 can see for the slave, and the only proper
cessation of this conflict—supposing the present
dominant class in the slave States, looking at this
subject in the light of history, in the light of the
inevitable workings and final triumphs of free
principles, elevating themselves above the polit-
ical expedients and shifts of a day, and taking
broad, humane, and patriotic views of this sub-
ject, should, by some wise process, rid themselves
of this malign system: would there not still be a
South—a South jubilant, a country joyous, a
world glad, and Heaven itself clothed in benig-
nant smiles of approbation ?
Then would be fulfilled that Divine injunction
graven on the bell that used in the olden'times to
summon the fathers to theirdeliberations in Inde-
pendence Hall—"Proclaim liberty throughout the
land, to all the inhabitants thereof."
What an opportunity is hero presented to the
true heroic men of the South—an opportunity
that never occurs but once during the life-time of
an individual, and but seldom in the cycles of gen-
erations ! Oh, that thou hadst known, at least in
this thy day, the things that belong to thy peace,
and true glory! I pray God thai they may not be
hidden from your eyes. The first Revolution
found a leader ftom the South. The hosts of
Freedom now marshaled in grand and goodly
array, having passed their Hunker Hill, ask the
South for a leader to take them to Saratoga and
Yoi-ktown. Have you the man—the hero? If so,
let him ride forth, and you shall see whether we
are a sectional party or not.
Opportunity rare ! Have any of you a heart to
improve it? Would you have your sculptured
form fill some niche winch is now vacant in these
new Halls, or perpetuated on canvas and liJtng up
annd the illustrious dead that now ornament the
rotunda? Seize, then, this opportunity; forswear
allegiance to slavery, and take the oath of fealty to
freedom. You can gam no permanent renown in
fighting for oppression; or, if you achieve fame,
it will be like! that of the madman who applied the
torch to the temple of Epheeus—a bad preemi-
nence. Some of you have the mental gifts and
culture and position to achieve a fame that should
be permanent and enviable. Have you the moral
heroism to do it?
" Fear not; spurn the worldling laughter,
Thine ambition tiample thou ;
Thou s-halt hud a lonsr hen-after
To be more than tempts thee now."
Let us, then, hear nothing more of North and
South. We make no assault on the rights of the
South; it is the wrongs and aggressions of sla-
very with which we grapple. The South, the cit-
izens of the South, have all the rights, privileges,
and immunities of the citizens of the North or
West. Let those rights be guarantied and pro-
tected, anywhere and everywhere, "to the fullest
extent—to the fullest extent, sir."
The King of France, Louis XIV., in view of
the union of that country and Spain, said, " there
are no longer any Pyrenees." And I say, let
i there be no longer any Mason and Dixon's line;
' let it disappear, and let the country be one united
whole; the rights of all equally respected, equally
sacred.
But, as to slavery, that is a different thing.
Whatever legal sanction it may have under mu-
nicipal statutes, it has no constitutional sanction
save the negative one of being let alone; while it
skulks under and behind the sovereignty of the
States, beyond the reach of the delegated powers
of the Federal Government. But where that Gov-
ernment has exclusive jurisdiction it has no right;
and it has no moral right anywhere, and no suit-
able abode out of those penal fires that are never
quenched. It is a very Caliban.
"Mnnstrum horrendum, informs, ingens, cui lumen
ademptum."
And this brings me, sir, to the question which
I desire to discuss—the question not only of the
day but of the age—the most important question
that has agitated the country since the Revolu-
tion, and the most solemn and grave one with
which Christian civilization has had to grapple in
modern times.
The President, in his message, claims, or rather
assumes, that human beings are property in the
absolute and unqualified ses se—property as the
grazing ox or the bale of merchandise is property,
and that the tenure of this property is a natural
and indefeasible right, guarantied by the Consti-
tution. And it has been averred on the floor of
this House that, as an abstract principle, the sys-
tem of American slavery was right, having the
sanction of natuial and of revealed religion. As
the whole of this discussion, in its real merits,
hinges on this principle or dogma, I confront it at
the very threshold, and deny it. I affirm that it
has not the sanction of natural or revealed religion,
or of the Constitution.
I need not say that this is a new doctrine, un-
known to the fathers and founders of the Repub-
lic. Indeed, till within a very few years, slavery
was acknowledged by all classes, in the siave no
less than in the free States, to be an evil, social,
moral, and political—a wrong to the slave, a det-
riment to the master, and a blight on the soil; its
very existence deplored, and its ultimate exterm-
ination looked forward to with earnest and often
impatient hope. It was regarded as the relic of
a barbarous age, which must disappear before
the advancing civilization of the present. It was
deemed to be contrary to the benign spirit and
precepts of the Christian religion, which would
ere long supplant it. Many of its ablest and
truest opponents were reared in the midst of it,
and could be called neither intermeddlers nor
fanatics. No one pretended that it had any right
whatever, beyond the limits of the local laws
which created and protected it.
But all this is changed now. The demon of
slavery has come forth from the tombs. It has
grown bold and defiant and impudent. It has left
its lair, lifted its shameless front towards the
skies, and, with horrid contortions and gyrations,
mouths the heavens, and mutters its blasphemies
aboul having the sanction of a holy and just God;
dodges behind the national compact, and grins
and chatters out its senile puerilities about consti-
tutional sanction; and then, like a very fantastic
ape, jumps upon the bench, puts on ermine and
wig, and pronounces the dictum that a certain
class of human beings have no rights which an-
other certain class arc bound to regard; and then
it claims the right to stalk abroad through the
length and breadth of the laud, robbing the poor
free laborer of his heritage, trampling on congres-
sional prohibitions, crushing out beneath its tread
State sovereignty and State constitutions. It
claims the right to pollute the Territories with its '
slimy footsteps, and then makes its way to the
very home of freedom in the free'States, carried
there on a constitutional palanquin, manufactured
and borne aloft 011 the one side by a Democratic
Executive, and on the other by a Democratic Jes-
uit judge ! It claims the right to annihilate free
schools—for this its very presence achieves—to
hamper a free press, to defile the pulpit, to cor-
rupt religion, and to stifle free thought and free
speech ! It claims the right to conveit the fruitful
field into a wilderness, so that forests shall grow
up around grave-yards, and the populous village
become a habitation for owls. It claims the right
to transform the free laborer, by a process of im-
perceptible degradation, to a condition only not
worse than that of the slave. Yes, sir, while the
border ruffians are striving, by alternate violence
and fraud, to force slavery into Kansas, the Pres-
ident and Chief Justice, by new, unheard of, and
most unwarrantable interpretations of the Consti-
tution, are endeavoring to enthrone and national-
ize slavery, and make it the dominant power in the
land; and are calling upon the people, in the name
of Democracy, to crowd up to the temple gates of
this demon worship ! And all this upon the false,
