1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
hands for their own protection. There are many
among my constituents yet living, who fought
the battles of their country during that war, who
had to fight their own battles, and at the same
time raise their crops for the support of their
wives and children. Such are the patriotic and
gallant men who now ask this Government—
which has grown rich by their exertions and ser-
vices; which has filled its Treasury by the sale of
lands which they then conquered—toclo them this
act of justice, and give them this pittance. Will
the Government not do it? Are those poor men
to be turned away?
But gentlemen say this thing is contrary to the
policy of the Government, and that it is insulting
the character of American citizens to grant them
pensions for having fought the battles of their
country. They say that our citizen soldiers go
to battle to maintain principles, and to preserve
their liberty. The argument is unworthy of a
statesman of this enlightened age, in my judg-
ment. When you gave pensions to the revolu-
tionary soldiers did you insult them? When you
gave bounty land warrants to those who were
engaged m the war of 1812—a war in which my
friend from Alabama was engaged, and got his
pension—did you insult them?
Mr. COBB. 1 was not engaged in that war.
I was too young.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. When you gave
bounty land to the soldiers of the war with Mex-
ico, did you insult them? No man was insulted
by reason of granting those bounty land warrants,
and it would be the same in this case. So far from
its insulting American citizen soldiers, it would
be considered a hardship should you refuse to
pass tins bill.
By enacting this law, granting this pittance to
the soldiery of the war of 1812, who have survived
forty-five years, and the youngest of whom are
now sixty-five or seventy years of age, you place
a memento, a trophy, in the hands of tne citizen
soldier, which he can show to his children as an
evidence that his country has given proof of its ap-
preciation of his valor, of his prowess, and of his
disposition to maintain the nas of his country
in the hour of adversity and danger; you will
strengthen the Government, and strengthen the
arm of your defense, by giving these marks of
approbation to our fellow-citizens who have
marched to their country's rescue, and fought in
its defense. I ask any gentleman here who may
have drawn a bounty land warrant for military
set vices, if he does not prize it more highly than
he does any land warrant that he may have
bought? Does not every gentleman know that
the citizen who has received a land warrant as a
mark of the appreciation by the Government of
his services to the country, values it far more
highly than he does any warrant that he has pur-
chased ? The distinguished gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall,] who commanded a regi-
mety; at the memorable battle of Buena Vista,
when he received his land warrant, (if he has
drawn it,) valued it not, I am sure, for the hun-
dred and sixty acres of land to which it entitled
him, butas an evidence awarded him by his coun-
try of his valor, his prowess, and the services he
rendered that country. And so it is with all our
citizen soldiers.
Mr. Chairman, 1 think this bill ought to pass,
upon several grounds. In the first place, it ought
to pass upon the ground of justice to the soldiers
■who were engaged in the war with Gieat Britain
of 1812, and in the Indian wars. Sir, this Gov-
ernment is indebted to them to the amount which
this bill provides for paying. This Government
justly owes them this amount. If you were to
take into account their labor, their toil, their sac-
rifices, their losses, all these would, if counted,
place the Government far more largely in their
debt than this bill proposes to provide for.
The bill ought to pass, sir, for the reason that
these men have grown old, and that few of them
remain. It ought to pass, and they should leceive
thuse pensions because of their valor, and of their
distinction, and of what they have done for the
country. They should receive some evidences
that tlnir servi"t.* have been appreciated by the
country, in order to stimulate the rising genera-
tion of our pco.sie by showing them that while
the ciiiZen snidi/.T is not to be bought and is not
a nicru'fiary soldier, yet, after he has rendered ser-
vice to the country, that country will not be less
magnanimous than the citizen has been; but will
give him an evidence of its appreciation of his
services that will be far more valuable to him than
dollars and cents.
1 have made these remarks, sir, because I re-
gard this as one of the greatest measures that has
been introduced into the Congress of the United
States since the passage of the bill providing pen-
sions for the soldiers of the revolutionary war.
Gentlemen seek to discredit this measure, by say-
ing that it sets an example under which the sol-
diers of the war with Mexico will perhaps some
day ask for pensions. "Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof." If, after the expiration of
forty-five years, it caiv be demonstrated that the
Mexican war was of ecjual importance with the
war with Great Britain in 1812, and that the dis-
tinguished men who commanded in that war and
the brave men who fought its battles rendered the
country as great service as the citizen soldiery
did in 1812,1 would say that you should pension
them likewise.
I make these remarks, Mr. Chairman, in order
that the ground which I take, the position which
I occupy, the reasons which govern me, in sup-
porting this bill, may be understood by the com-
mittee and by the country. 1 hope that the bill
will pass. I am not particular whether or not it
be passed in the precise shape in which it has
been introduced; but 1 hope that some provision
will be made to pension these soldiers in their
declining years, so long as any of them shall sur-
vive.
Mr. ANDERSON. Mr. Chairman, I feel con-
strained by every noble and generous impulse of
my heart—by those patriotic feelings that swell
my bosom, at the mere mention of the American
soldiery, to raise my feeble voice in support of
the bill now under consideration—a bill to pen-
sion the surviving soldiers of the war of 1812.
Sir, it is an interesting theme—one that appeals
most earnestly and eloquently to all the tenderest
sympathies of our nature. Would I possessed
the ability so to present it that it should receive
the unanimous support of the members of this
House, as I am firmly persuaded its passage will
be hailed with grateful emotions by a patriotic
people, who are always willing and ever anxious
suitably to reward faithful and eminent services.
But, sir, although I feel myself inadequate to
the task, f cannot, I dare not, let this opportunity
pass without contributing my humble mite to an
object at the same time so noble, so necessary,
and so pregnant with all that is calculated to
smooth gently to the tomb the last declining days
of those who, m their manly youth, bared their
bosoms to the foeman's steel, and, amid the dm
and smoke of battle, bore aloft their proud coun-
try's flag.
Sir, of all that serried host who fought the bat-
tles of our last war with England, either on the
Atlantic seaboard, or along our frontier,on those
sea-like lakes, or m the more distant wilderness,
where the stealthy savage trod, and his dreaded
yells were encountered, how few now survive 1
Time, in its onward sweep, has driven them to
the cold embraces of death. The few that now
remain, bending beneath the pressing weight of
years,are lifting theirfeeble voices,scattered here
and there throughout our beloved country, ear-
nestly invoking us to make some provision for
them, now far advanced in the evening of life. Do
they not richly deserve it? Let us glance for a
few moments at the prominent circumstances by
which it ig pressed upon our consideration.
Our revolutionary struggle wrested an empire
from the mother country. She never ceased to
mourn the jewel shehad lost. England, haughty
and imperious England, had no practical experi-
ence of the solidity of the new Government our il-
lustrious fathers had established. She, and indeed
other European nations, deemed this Union but
a " rope of sand," and that, by consequence, the
surest way to sever it, and restore again her cov-
eted sway over this fair land, was to agitate, irri-
tate, trammel, and disturb us. We were an active,
enterprising people, adapted to commerce, and
constantly pressing, with indomitable energy, our
inquiries into every sea. Butit was claimed, with
arrogant insolence, " Britannia rules the wave."
We were obtruding on her native element. "She
sat a queen, and would allow no rivalry."
The youthful commerce of these States had,
from the period of the recognition of our na-
tionality, been subjected to harassing seizures,
searches, and spoliations, until unbearable op-
pressions roused our people to resistance; and
then began, in fact, the second war of independ-
ence.
Sir, the patriotic statesmen, our noble prede-
cessors in these legislative halls, impelled by a
just and proper appreciation of the rights, honor,
and dignity of this nation, determined to resist
these European encroachments. A wise and pa-
triotic President, one of the nobles of the Old Do-
minion, " the fruitful mother of heroes and states-
men, " sanctioned the resolves. " Free trade and
sailors* rights," was the tocsin sounded through
the land; while on the boisterous deep, our gal-
lant tars made true and recognized the aphorism
of an illustrious champion, " Millions for defense,
not one cent for tribute." Sir, it was in a war
thus caused and prosecuted for these noble objects
which was waged alike on sea and land, that the
gallant and patriotic men were engaged, for whose
declining days this bill would make some small
provision.
Mr. Chairman, let me call the attention of the
House to this meritorious class to whom, in my
judgment, we should extend the bounty of Gov-
ernment. Let us glance hastily at the past. Hear
that clarion voice of the immortal Clay in streams
of burning eloquence, as from the floor of Con-
gress he aroused the people to redress the humil-
iating outrages that had been committed upon the
rights of our citizens, the honor and dignity of
our nation, and the glorious flag of our country,
by expelling a haughty and invading foe. That
call was responded to with a patriotic ardor and
enthusiasm that pointed with unerring certainty
to the triumphant termination of the fearful and
bloody conflict. Behold them at Lundy's Lane;
at Plattsburg; at Chippewa; at the Thames; at
the Moravian Towns. Look upon that noble and
gallant band of citizen soldiers at Tippecanoe and
North Point; see what prodigies of valor are ex-
hibited! How they triumph over the veteran
troops of the merciless foe, or the savage horde
who were let loose upon our frontiers! Look, sir,
at the last, but most brilliant and glorious engage-
ment of war, when the veteran troops of Welling-
ton, who, in the wars of the Peninsula and the
south of Prance, had triumphed over Soult and
Davoust and Ney, who had borne well their
standard on many a hard-fought field, came to
try their hands with volunteers and raw troops
upon our southern border. Sir, while Packenham
marched his troops—his veterans—to what he and
they supposed would be an easy victory, under
the cry of ** beauty and booty,*' see those noble,
chivalrous sons of Tennessee and Kentucky, and
of other infant western States, under the lead of
the immortal Jackson, repel and defeat them. And
now, Mr. Chairman, has this great country—rich
in power, more rich in promise—no boon at all
for those who, at the peril of their lives, saved her
cities from pillage, her daughters'from a brutal
foreign soldiery or an unrelenting savage foe?
'4 Tell it not inGath," publish not this withering
shame among the nations of the earth, lest they
declare it is Republics only can be so ungrateful.
Sir, many of these/men have already passed
away. They went down to their graves, many
of them stricken with poverty, emaciated with
disease, or scarred with wounds acquired in their
country's service. Oh how sad their end. Per-
chance their dying eye, as it grew dim, looked on
some distant dome or staff, on which floated in
heaven's free breeze, that flag, that glorious flag,
those " broad stripes and bright stars" to which
in the perilous fight their patriotic hearts had so
often turned, m the days of their strength and
their vigor. It was the same flag still; but alas,
with what crushing effect did the mournful reflec-
tion force itself upon them. " My country has for-
gotten, has neglected rnc. Ungrateful country. In
myage it thinks notof myyouth,and I die in pov-
erty, unhonored by those for whom the strength
of my manhood was expended." Sir, this is no
fancy sketch; too truly has it been realized by
many of those noble men who have now passed
away. They have gone—fought their last battle
—met their last foe: peace be to their ashes.
But among us there still lingers upon the crum-
bling brink of the grave, here and there, some of
their compatriots—spared, perhaps, by Heaven's
unfailing mercy, to reproach us with our cold neg-
lect, and to be the means, possibly, of inducing
