1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1839
us, even in thia late day—almost too late—to
awake to a sense of our duty, and show to a self-
ish, heartless world, that we cannot, will not,
longer shut our ears and bar our hearts against
the appeals made by the remnant of this noble
band, who, inspired by a lofty spirit of patriot-
ism and devotion to country never yet surpassed,
left, in the early days of their manhood, their fond
homes, families, and friends, and with unfaltering
step, marched to meet their country's foe, endur-
ing hunger and thirst, heat and cold, again and
again, with no bed upon which to repose their
wearied bodies but their mother earth; no cover-
ing save the canopy of heaven. Behold these
veterans now: metnmks they are left as witnesses,
as mementoes of the past! There they stand, as
does some tall oak of the forest, spared by the de-
vastating tornado; their fellows have fallen; the
blast which felled them, which prostrated them to
the earth, almost dismantled these; their foliage
is gone; their beauty has passed away. Now,
they only spread their branches to the wintry
blast; decay has seized upon them, and ere long
they will mingle with the mother earth. Oh! sir,
shall the bounty of the Government smooth their
departure, or will you still neglect them? Sir, I
cannot yet realize theidea that you will turn them
away empty. Long and earnestly have they im-
Elored help—patiently have they waited. They
ave knocked at your doors for bread. They
have asked for those with whom they were ac-
quainted—for Clay, for Jackson, for Harrison,
for Johnson, for Shelby, for Davis! These were
their associates and compeers ! These knew of
their toils and hardships, their privations and
sufferings! Some of these had seen them not
only in the tented field, but amid the clash of arms
and the smoke of battle. From them they would
not be turned away in their appeal; but when they
now knock, strange forms are present; hitherto
youth has rejected age, and these old warriors
have been suffered to pine, because a new gener-
ation had arisen on the stage.
Oh! sir, shall it be said that an American Con-
gress refused a pitiful bounty to veterans who
fought our battles, achieved for us our glory,
aided in giving us the first place among the na-
tions of the earth, and that, too, while we are
spending millions in useless appropriations and
for public ornaments ? Surely this will not be the
case. No; let us be just to the aged, to the val-
iant. I utter no words of reproach against the
magnificence of our public buildings, although
many tens of millions have been expended in their
construction and adornment. Doubtless this is
right. Our Government is great, our people
wealthy and prosperous, and these public edifices
are but durable exemplars of our glory and power,
speaking to other nations. I declaim not against
this magnificent Hall, in which we legislate for
the people of this great nation. We are their
Representatives, and this Hall should reflect their
glory. But, sir, while these vast expenditures
are making—while in mere ornaments we are ex-
pending millions—oh ! do not let us refuse that
which should be freely given to the needy vet-
eran. While we enjoy here., as Representatives,
all the elegant and luxurious comforts that the
highest artistic skill and taste can fsirnish for both
the eye and the body—while we are each receiv-
ing thousands of dollars annually for our services
here, oh ! let us not plead poverty when a veteran,
war-worn soldier, knocks and asks a boon. Let
us come to his aid now, while he is before us—
while he needs our help and assistance. Let us
not wait until he has passed away before he re-
ceives our commiseration, indorsed by evidence
of our sincerity. Let us not turn his pleading
face, lin furrowed cheek, his emaciated frame,
his tottering limbs, away by cold indifference to
Ins pressing necessities. Look upon that aged
brow, upon which the snows of more than three-
score winters have already fallen; behold these
men as they approach you with feeble limbs and
decaying bodies, hobbling to the tomb, leaning
on their staffs, asking this great and mighty na-
tion to smooth their pathway to their final resting-
placc. Tell me how long, think you, will these
old soldiers be a charge upon your bounty if you
pass this lull ' &onn they will pss^ away; the
lengthening shadows proclaim with them, as with
all, the day is fast closing. Soon, alas! too soon,
the last of that noble company will have passed
from earth. Hasten, oh ! hasten, you Represent-
atives of a noble, magnanimous, and patriotic
constituency, or your lingering munificence will
come too late for them.
You have given pensions to our revolutionary
sires; where was the American heart in all this
land that did not enthusiastically respond to the
noble and patriotic act? You have given pensions
to others; to the honor of the nation be it said,
no voice is heard to object. Be just, also, to
those for whom I plead. Doubtless, there are
some of these veterans who, in point of fact, will
not starve, even if you do not pass this bill.
Friends, children, some one, will look to their well
being, even if you give them nothing. But, sir,
should that exempt this great Government from
the performance of its duties ? Were all of these
men rich, did each possess an ample compe-
tence, still, would this be a sufficient reason why
this bill should not pass, and these men be offered
a pension? Surely not. Two things are provided
for in this bill—one carries the other. The pen-
sion is a substantial boon; to many it will be the
means of living pleasantly, and dying independ-
ently; but beyond this, and with many greatly
better and more desirable than this, is the fact
that this bill, though long deferred, is neverthe-
less a valuable recognition of their services to the
nation.
Sir, the passage of this bill will throw a bright
radiance across the path of many a veteran. He
will feel, in his old age, that the country for which
he fought in his early manhood has not cast him
off neglected and uncared for, when he is old and
gray-headed. He will feel that the flag of his
country and its protecting folds are around him,
as he advances to the house of death. He will
gather his children, his grandchildren, around
him, and tell them of his joys; he will recount his
trials, point to his wounds, and then tell of his
gratitude for the boon granted to him. Oh! how
will those hearts that hear him swell with patri-
otic devotion to the country of their sire. And
if occasion should ever offer, how ardently and
efficiently will they vindicate its rights against
any invading foe!
These veterans were, many of them, the pio-
neers who explored and conquered your great
western empire. They drove the savage from his
possession; and interposing their manly valor,
protected your infant settlements, and aided in
their advancement.
Look, sir, at Shelby, at Harrison, at Joe Davis,
at Johnson; how much did these, and those they
led to battle, contribute, at the Maumee Towns,
at Detroit, at the Thames, at Tippecanoe, to the
present glory of the great States of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and Michigan?
Chiefly these troops were from the warlike
States of Kentucky and Tennessee; and I call
to-day on the Representatives of these States to
come up and contribute their united help in doing
justice to the men with whom their fathers asso-
ciated, and doubtless aided in equipping many of
them for the field of battle. Come, and give these
veterans the recognition of your appreciation of
their services. Come, ere they die asking for it.
Come, give the aid demanded, that their hearts
may bless you and the country. Come, "pitythe
sorrows of these poor old men, whose trembling
limbs have borne them to your door." Take
away from their fading minds the terrible dread
that their country is ungrateful. Let your bounty
cheer them along the dreary pathway of declining
life. Let not their sun set in gloom and sorrow.
Fill their hearts with gladness, by your justice
and liberality, that their dying prayers may fer-
vently ascend to heaven for the perpetuity of our
Union, and the continued prosperity of our coun-
try.
Sir, let us pass this hill—pass it speedily. Let
all vote for it. Let it be proclaimed all through
the land that this Congress has thought of, and
cared for, the veteran soldiers of the war of 1812;
and I doubt not the people will all, with one ap-
proving voice, say we have nobly done our duty.
In the name and for the honor of the country of
Washington and Jackson, I demand the passage
of this bill. In the name of justice and patriotism,
I demand it. And although some of them may
not absolutely need the pecuniary aid, all demand,
and very properly, this recognition of their ser-
vices by the Government for which they have j
fought and suffered; and because some of them
may and do absolutely require this little aid, that
they may pass the evening of their daya with some
degree of comfort.
In conclusion, having promised to divide my
time with the honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Mason,] permit me to say, that I
firmly trust that there is in this House too much,
of patriotism, of magnanimity of heart, longer to
defer this meritorious act. Feeling deeply the2
necessity and importance of speedy and efficient
action on this great subject, I have ventured to
obtrude these views, with the sincere hope that
they may meet your favorable consideration, and
eventuate, in some small degree at least in bring-
ing your judgments to a favorable conclusion.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. Mr. Chairman,I have sought
thefloorat this time,notfor the purpose of making
a speech, but merely for the purpose of present-
ing, as briefly as may be, my objection to this bill.
The grounds upon which I oppose it have been
so fully covered by the very able and lucid speech
of the honorable gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Curry,] that little is left for me to say. I merely
desire to explain the position which I hold upon
this subject. I have taken that position, sir, not"
from impulse or personal feeling, but from a high
sense of duty to the country.
I beg to say, in the first place, that I am not
opposed to an invalid pension system, such as
now exists. On the contrary, I think it is the
duty of every Government to provide the means
of subsistence for the families of those who have
been killed in the service of the country, and also
to provide for those who have been disabled in its
service. These are duties incidental to every Gov-
ernment. But, sir, when we come to a system
which is to lay burdens upon one portion of the
community for the purpose of giving bounties to
another, however meritorious, I am opposed to it
in any shape. I think that such a system is de-
moralizing in its effects, and inconsistent with the
essential principles of free government. There
as a reason, and perhaps a good reason, to which
I might have yielded if the question had arisen in
my day, for extending pensions to the soldiers of
the Revolution; but I would only have done so in
that case,'upon the ground that it was a debt due
to them which had never been paid.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Anderson] has given usaglowing account of
the services of the soldiers of the war of 1812. I
concur with him entirely in his estimate of the
value of those services. But, sir, he has incorrectly
represented the soldiers of the war of 1812 as pau-
pers and beggars, petitioning Congress for a little
pittance to support them in their declining years!
He has addressed solely the commiseration and
not the good judgment of the House. Let not the
gentleman forget that this bill includes all those
who served for three months in the war of 1812;
not only the brave soldiers, but even those New
York militia, who, during the battle of Q.ueens-
town, refused to cross the Niagara river for the
relief oftheirown countrymen, because they took
the constitutional ground that they were not
obliged to cross the boundary line of our country.
These men are included in the bill, and our pity
is invoked for the purpose of inducing us to vote
for this proposition. Sir, it is a new proposition.
The measure giving pensions to the soldiers of
the Revolution was strongly contested by some
of the ablest men of the day.
The principles upon which they founded their
objections were probably correct; but the pension-
ing of the soldiers of the Revolution was justified
upon the ground that they had never been fully
paid. If they were paid at all, they were paid in
a depreciated currency, so that none of them re-
ceived in value the full amount of his contract.
Now, it is proposed that we should extend the
same system to the war of 1812, and to the In-
dian wars. The reasons assigned by the gentle-
man who made the opening speech, and who re-
ported this bill, [Mr. Savage,] are precisely those
which are applicable to every war in which the
country has been, or may be hereafter, engaged.
It is urged that to adopt such a system as the
permanent policy of the country would keep up
a military spirit in the country. God forbid that
we should ever come to that, that American citi-
zens should be influenced by the hope in future
of receiving a mere pittance in the shape of bounty
from the General Government. *
The gentleman is mistaken in attributing such
motives to our citizens. He does injustice to
