2864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 0.
merit of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
John Cochrane.] It was the speech of the gen-
tleman from New York thatalarmed me about the
fate of New Orleans and our Mississippi river
towns. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN CQCHRANK. Does the gentle-
man refer to me r
Mr. BLATR. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHN COCH [IANE. I will inform him
that there is no place in my speech -where a snag-
boat would find a place. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR. That is very much the case with
all the gentlemen from the sea-board. There is
no place in their consciences where you can get
a snag-boat 111. They vote for nothing but sea-
going vessels.
Mr. Chairman, I believe the whole object of
increasingourNavy is for the protection and pres-
ervation ot our commerce. Now, we have about
as much commerce on the Mississippi and its
tributaries as the entire foreign commeice of this
nation, and it deserves the protection of the Gov-
ernment quite aa much ns the foreign commerce
does. I conceive that the war steamers provided
for in mjr amendment will effectually protect it in
war and in peace, and 1 desire to see the amend-
ment adopted.
Air. CAVANAUGH. If an amendment is in
order, I will move to add the Mississippi river
north of the Iowa line.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hope we shall take
the vote at once on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Missouri, and then on the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia, and dispose of
this whole question. I think we are trifling with
the public interests and wasting time upon this
bill.
Mr. Blair's amendment was rejected—ayes 57,
noes 63.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, I believe that the
amendment I propose is now in order.
The'CHAIRMAN. It is.
The amendment was reported as follows:
Provided, That none of the vessels contemplated by tins
section shall be of more than twelve hundred tons buulen.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, I was gratified
this morning; to hear the amendment of ray friend
from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] to the amendment
of the Senate authorizing the construction of ten
new sloops-of-war. I was gratified at it, sn ; be-
cause we needed those ships, not for war, aa has
been argued in (his House, but for peace, and for
the preservation ofour commerce. I thought that
the arguments of my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Bocock,] this morning, were absolutely conclu-
sive. But, sir, I was very much astonished when
I found gentlemen m different parts of the House,
and especially in that part of the House over
against us, were willing, and sought to construe
this peaceful measure, which was intended as a
peaceful measure on this aide of the House, into
a war measure. I confess that I was not so much
surprised at the remarks made by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy,] on the other side,
who wished to construe it into a war measure.
Everything with him this winter has been war!
war { and especially when there was anything of i
a negro m it. j
I was not so much surprised, either, at the re- ]
marks made by the gentleman from Pennslyva- j
ma, [Mr. Grow,] who wished us to wait until !
the enemy had landed upon our shores, until the \
Goth was in the Capitol, until the President i
should have sent us a message that he had made
a lodgment there, before any preparations \vi re
made, either for peace or war. That did notsur- ]
prise me. I was not surprised at either of the :
gentlemen; but I confess that I felt some degree
of surprise when I saw a friend of nune from
Virginia, [Mr. Garnett,] and fortunately, at the i
time, on the other Side of the House, rising in ins |
place and almost, at it appeared, m concert with 1
them, denouncing this measure for building ten ,
sloops as a war scheme, and using language, sir, !
which, I urn suie, he did not intend to apply to j;
gentlemen upon this floor who have expressed j1
their opinion, that the time for war had almost :|
come. He said that the scheme to build these 'i
ten ships was*food Jor speculators and demagogues. !j
Those, I believe, were the words which my lion- j!
orable young friend used. Sir, so far as I have li
been concerned in any expressions in reference
to the recent outrages of Great Britain in the
Gulf, there has been no demagogism on my part.
There has been no disposition on my part in that
way. There has 'been no scheme of specula-
tion.
Mr. COVODE. I object to the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky, which limits the
war steamers to twelve hundred tons burden each,
because I consider they are to be used, if used at
all, against those of the enemy of twenty-five
hundred or three thousand tons burden. Al-
though I voted for these ten steamers to-day, and
voted for the four for the lakes, I was not influ-
enced to do so because I had the remotest idea
that there is any probability of a war, but because
our naval force is inefficient, and will be so long
as we rely upon our sail vessels. I voted for them
that we might have a more efficient Navy.
Mr. Chairman, I stated some days ago that we
were far behind the English in the strength of our
naval force. I have been at some pains to look at
the comparative naval power of the several na-
tions of the world, and here are the facts I have
collected: England had, at the close of the Crimean
war, about five hundred war steamers. She had
two years ago ninety-one lines of ocean mail
steamers running direct front England to foreign
pons, employing about four hundred steamers;
and she had twenty-five lines running between
foreign ports in conncction with them, employing
one hundred and five steamers; making five hun- ■
dred and five ocean mail steamers which receive
large sums direct from the Government as an in- 1
ducement for their several companies to establish
and run them. These are all subject to the orders
of the Government whenever the exigencies of war
render it necessary for her to use them, either as
war steamers or as transport vessels. Thus it will
.be seen that she has a war force at her command
of about one thousand steameis, besides nearly
the same number of mercantile steamers, making
a grand total of nearly two thousand ocean steam-
ers. Sir, she lias taken already a large share of
our carrying trade, and nearly the whole of the
most valuable portion of it. There are now forty-
four English, five Belgian, five French, and four
Hamburg steamei s running in the American trade,
while there are but eight American—fifty-eight to
eight. No wonder that seventy hundredths of
our commerce was, last year, in the hands of for-
eigners; and they will soon have a monopoly of
it if wc go on much longer in the blundering way
we have been going, under Democratic rule, for
five years past.
France, though not a first class commercial
Power, has gone far ahead of ns in building ocean 1
steamers. She has one hundred and thirty war '
steamers in the Mediterranean, Levant, Black, !
North, and Baltic seas. :
Austria, not a commcrcial nation at all, has one !
hundred and ten steamers on the same seas; and '
Russia has over one hundred, and is constantly j
increasing her steam power. :
The United States have only twenty, eight of
which only carry from one to six guns; some of '
j them not fit to be sent outside of a harbor.
We have a few hne-of-battle ships, old sailing-
vessels; but of what use would they be to cop«
with modem war steamers? Besides, it will be
found, I presume, upon their being surveyed, as
they have been ordered to be, that it will cost
more to repair them than they will be worth when
repaired. I am, therefore, m favor, Mr. Chair-
man, of building steamers, so that wc may be
able to meet our enemies, when we have any, on
a footing of equality, and not comppl our brave
officers and men to fight at large odds. Just as
well might we continue to arm our soldiers with
the_ old-fashioned musket, and expect them to
whip an equal number, armed with Minnie rifles, '
and improved breech-loading arms. i
Mr. Chairman, advocating the building of war j
steamers, I do not wish to be understood as coun- |
tenanting the idea that we aie at all in danger of i
having a war with England at this time, or at any j
other time near at hand; but for the sake of having |
a Navy that can lender efficient protection to our
commerce in distant seas, and command the re- !
spect of those nations which respect only those j
that exhibit ample ability to protect their own flag, \
and all who are entitled to protection under it. j
Sir, England is governed by wise and sagacious >
statesmen,and no people m the world know bet- 1
terthan the English upon which side their" bread
is buttered." She and her peorde are too wise and
sagacious to run into a war upon her best cus-
tomer, unless absolutely compelled to do so.
Does she not know that the dominant party have
been fixing our tariff for her special benefit ever
since they repealed the Whig tariff of J842> Does
she not know that under our present tariff laws,
foreign nations have almost a monopoly of man-
ufacturing the goods our people wear and use,
and that she comes in-for the lion's share? It
would be the height of folly in her to make war
upon us, or to give us cause to make war upon
her, so long as the party in power rendered her
such inestimable services at the expense of our
own manufacturers, laborers, and merchants.
Why, sir, it would be killing the goose that laid
for her owner a golden egg daily. No, no, sir;
we need have no apprehensions of a war, nor
need we " prepare the hearts of the people for
war."►The only war we are to have is a contin-
uance of the war we have had since 1846, upon
American industry and home manufactures. That
is a cruel, unnatural, relentless war; it kills by
starving, and its victims are powerless.
Sir, the Democratic party may well afford to
sound the trumpet of war in these Halls. It calls
no one to battle, and alarms none but old women
and nervous invalids. We have, in years gone
by, heard the daily cry in the Senate from a ven-
erable, a very venerable, old Senator, that war
was inevitable;" and one might suppose it to be
so now; but it is not. The free trade which
England enjoys with us, the monopoly, or what
amounts almost to a monopoly, which she now
possesses of transporting our cotton to her own
shores, of manufacturing it for us, and then of
transporting the goods made of it back to us,
she appreciates too highly to throw them away
thoughtlessly. And, again, she knows well the
importance to her of having the privilege of putting
her own instead of home valuations on the goods
she sends us; by which means she evades the
payment ofa large portion of the duties that ought
to be paid, and drives American importers out of
business in our own cities.
England knows well that a five years' war, or
non-intercourse with us, would build up our man-
ufacturers on a solid foundation, and thus take
from them their most profitable market, and their
largest, for many years to come. Our weak point
is California; and, until we get a railroad across
the country, it would not only be very expensive
to protect our Pacific coasts, but with our small
Navy it would be absolutely impossible, against
any powerful nation; but so long as we dig gold
for England, so long as we are simply their mi-
ners, and all we get goes directly into her lap;
we taking finery and gewgaws, and goods which
we ought to manufacture for ourselves, in pay-
ment for this gold; so long as the labor of her
women and children can pay for the productions
of our mines; why should she desire to disturb
| the present state of things, so profitable to her?
I No, Air. Chairman, you need not alarm your-
, self or the country about a war with England.
; Instead of that it would be well for us to turn
our attention to the state of our finances, our s;en-
, era! trade, and manufactures, and see if any-
j thing can be done to benefit the country.
j _ This Administration found some twenty mil-
: lions in the Treasury; it has been in power a little
' more than a year, and what is the condition of
the Treasury now? Bankrupt. And, although
we have been digging gold at the rate of more than
four and a half millions a month, yet the Govern-
ment has been obliged to resort to what theparty
used to call "the rag-money currency," to the
issuance of Treasury notes, formerly classically
denominated " Treasury shinplasters." Whata
beautiful state of things! What statesmanship
it proves the President and his Administration to
possess! What wisdom, sagacity, patriotism!
And yet, bankrupt as the Government is, it ob-
stinately pursues a policy calculated not only to
impoverish k still more, and compel the Secretary
of the Treasury to heap debt upon debt, by bor-
rowing, but it is also calculated to depress Amer-
ican enterprise, cripple American industry, de-
stroy American manufactures, and to reduce to
the lowest price American produce. Such folly
and madness would astonish us if we were not
accustomed to and familiar with it.
Mr. Chairman, I have a word to say on the
