THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE
OFFICIAL PROCEEQINGS
OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES,
WASHINGTON, D.
C. :■
Thirty
-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 11, 1858.
New Series. . .'.No.
180.
war policy of the present Administration. It has
displayed the same wisdom and foresight in re-
gard to this as in regard to its financial policy. j
For some reason or another, a war upon Utah
was deemed expedient. It was necessary to chas-
tise the Mormons for Brigham Young's insolent
and insane ravings. The war was commenced;
the Army, at an immense expense of suffering,
was marched thousands of miles through the wil-
derness; millions of dollars had been expended in
recruiting and provisioning it for the campaign;
and when, after months of toil in crossing mount-
ains, forcing its way through valleys obstructed
by snow, and in struggles with an inhospitable
climate, it had at length arrived within striking
distance of the enemy, pcace commissioners were
dispatched in haste to overtake and stop its ad-
vance, and to negotiate with the Mormons for
peace.
It has been usual, especially in modern times,
to exhaust diplomacy before resorting to arms.
But thisold, time-honored, wise, and Christian
policy, was reversed by our Democratic Presi-
dent. He declares war first, and treats after-
wards. He mustered hisbattalions; marched them
at an immense expense of money and suffering into
the enemy's country; and when they had arrived,
and every mail from the West promised tidings
of the commencementofhostilities, the President
bethought himself that it was time to check the
advance of the Army, and send commissioners to
treat with the enemy. Would it not have been
wiser and more conformable to the usages of civ-
ilized nations, to have sent commissioners to in-
quire into and repoit upon the Mormon out-
rages, before sending an army into their country?
By doing so, he would have saved millions to the
Treasury, which the policy of his party has ren-
dered almost bankrupt. But though the Treas-
ury and the country might have profiled by pur-
suing this course, the Kansas iniquity might not
have been so easily or safely accomplished, had
it not been for the war. The contracts and ap-
pointments incident to this Mormon war were
strong levers to force refractory partisans back
into the ranks of the party from which they had
been frightened by the Kansas enormity. Epau-
lets for sons or nephews, fat contracts for brothers
or other relations, are wonderfully potent m in-
ducing those who have faltered for a moment, to
return to the standards from which they have
deserted. Scruples of conscience are appeased;
afdrmed and startled honor is satisfied; and the
partisan goes back to his ranks, bending under
the patronage purchased by subsciviency, and
the ignominy due to his desertion of principle.
I am not prepared to say that any one, heie or
elsewhere, has been influenced by such consider-
ations. But it^Svould be nothing new in the his-
tory of human nature, to find out hereafter, that
appointments to office and contracts for supplies
had more or less to do m the consummation of
the Kansas swindle. But whatever may be the
opinions entertained respecting the wisdom of the
President's war policy, Us novelty will be univer-
sally conceded. Hitherto nations have sent em-
bassadors to treat, in order to prevent war; but
our President has made war in oider to have an
opportunity to send embassadors to treat; and I
have no doubt that it will soon be the boast of the
Democratic party that-the President has been sig-
nally successful m his management of the Mor-
mon war, and especially in the restoration of
peace, which it appears had never been disturbed,
except by the boisterous declaration of over-ar-
dent demagogues.
But this is not the only ground of boast in
which the party may rightfully indulge. Less than
two years since the then Administration was al-
most at its wits' end to discover means to deplete
the national Treasury. Debts due a long time
hence were bought up at large premiums, in order
to prevent the accumulation of an undue and in-
jurious amount of money in the Treasury. And
notwithstanding all his efforts, Mr. Guthrie left
the Treasury a little more than fifteen months ago
180
with a surplus on hand of the amount I have be-
fore stated. Mr. Cobb took Ins place, and straight-
way what Mr. Guthrie had labored for in vain
was achieved, and more than achieved. Under
the management of Mr. Buchanan's Secretary of
the Treasury, the inconvenient surplus was soon
disposed of.
The first step in Mr. Cobb's financial policy
was to get rid of the surplus left on hand by his
predecessor. In this he succeeded. lie not only
emptied the Treasury, but things have been so
managed by him and his party friends that he has
not been able again to fill it, but was compelled,
as the House knows, and the country knows, to
resort to an issue of Treasury notes. Here, too,
we have had a sample of the wisdom and consist-
ency of the Administration; and, after the denun-
ciation, so loud and so often repeated, of " bank
rags," have a recommendation to issue Treasury
notes. Why not ask for a loan ? Simply because
it was supposed the people might be beguiled into
believing that an issue of Treasury notes was
not a public debt. He began first by asking for
$5,000,000; then for $10,000,000; and finally, for
$15,000)000; and we now know that $40,000,000
will haidly carry the Treasury through until the
next meeting of Congress.
Where has the money gone? What great im-
provements hovi* been made? How much of this
vase outlay has been applied to pay the thou-
sands and millions of dollars due to claimants,
whose claims are indisputably just? What ac-
count can the Administration render to the coun-
try of a stewardship so discharged ? A year ago
the whole country was rejoicing in a constantly
increasing prosperity. Comineice, agncultuie,
and manufactures, were all flourishing. The
Treasury was full to oveillowing. But now all
is changed. Almost every branch of American
industry is prostrate or paralyzed. Hundreds,
who a year ago were profitably employed, are
now idle, and their families suffering. And all
this is chargeable to Democratic policy, which
breaks down our own manufactures, by denying
them the incidental protection that a sufficient rev-
enue duty would afford; and upon all this the Ad-
ministration and the Democratic party look with
stoical indifference—their only care and anxiety
being to keep their party together, and distribute
among themselves the spoils of office. For the
country and its prosperity they care nothing; for
their party, everything.
Mr. CLAY withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. 1 offer the following
amendment:
And that the Secretajy of the Navy also he directed to
take immediate mea&uro* to have an engine placed in the
ship Franklin, now on the ctocks at the Kittery yard, and
to have haul slup launched as soon as practicable.
Mr. Chairman, that ship, I have been informed
by the constructor within a few weeks, will spoil
if she is not put into the water. She is one of the
finest ships in our Navy; one of the finest we ever
had; one of the most beautiful models and the
best built. She will have to be stripped; and it
will cost more for repairs than it would to put
her into the water. 1 see no possible objection
why, while we aie providing for the construction
of so many new steamers we should not provide
for the safety of one of the best steamers in the
Navy by putting it into the water. 1 do not do
this because I have the slightestfear that we shall
want the ships for any war purposes. I believe
a great part of the talk upon this question is, to
say the least of it, imprudent, if not worse.
Mr. BLISS. I desire to know if the position
of that ship is not the very best one to preserve
her?
Mr. MORSE, of Maine. No, sir. Any man
who knows anything about vessels knows that
they keep better in salt water than they do upon
the stocks. If we ever want to use the vessel, it
ought to be launched.
1 merely wish to say further, that if the House
had not amended the Senate amendment, which
I was in favor of, I should not have embarrassed
it by this amendment. I believe a few small
steamers are necessary; but I believe we are run-
ning the thing into the ground.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine, and I shall
proceed to answer the remarks of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay;] and as my friend's
chief objection to my remarks this morning
seemed to be tiie place I was standing in when I
made them, I hope I shall be more fortunate in
receiving his approval now.
Mr. CLAY. That was not at'all the objection.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky could not be more surprised at anything I
said than I was at his proposition to confer nearly
all the war-making power of the Government upon
the Executive branch, coming from my friend
from Kentucky,especially when I remembered the
illustrious associations that attach to his name.
Mr. Chairman, thegentleman complains thatl
this morning said that this project for increasing
the Navy was food for demagogues and stock-
jobbers. My friend will find, when he sees the
report, that he has entirely misquoted me. I ap-
plied no such remarks to the pioposition of my
colleague. I said that this agitation for war was
food for demagogues and stock-jobbers—that I
conceived it could benefit nobody else. I said it
in all kindness to the gentleman, and to every gen-
tleman upon this floor. But 1 appeal to gentlemen
if they have not heard, from a place which it is
not in order to mention here, and whether they
have not seen, fiom a portion of the newspaper
press, an attempt made by one party to outbid
the other by pandering to what they supposed to
be the popular passion for war, and to hurry this
country into a contest the most momentous which
has occurred in modern times. I believe a war
with England would be a great calamity. I will
go as far as any man to defend the honor of our
flag and the rights of our country; but brave na-
tions, like brave men, do not hurry blindly into
war. They use all honorable means of producing
peace before resorting to the dread arbitrament of
force. Conscious strength is dignified, calm, and
cool. Such a war as some gentlemen talk of so
lightly, would probably go far to revolutionize our
system of Government. It would endanger the
cause of free government, and put back the prog-
ress of civilization—for civilization itself is in-
volved in the fate of the Anglo-Saxon race, and
depends on the peace and alliance of the free na-
tions which represent it.
The question was taken on Mr. Morse's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question reclining on Mr. Millson's
amendment,
Mr. MILLSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and John Cochrane were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 84, noes 68.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment as
amended.
Mr. CLAY. I desire now to offer an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment is
in order.
Mr. STANTON. Did I understand the Chair
to say that no further amendment is in order r
Tlie CHAIRMAN. To the Senate amendment
there is no further amendment in order.
Mr. STANTON. 1 cannot understand the rea-
son why.
The CHAIRMAN. Because fhe motion of the
gentleman from Virginia was to strike out the
whole of it, and the Chair permitted the original
to be perfected before that motion was put.
Mr. STANTON. The point I make is this:
that, without disturbing what the House has in-
serted, we may in sort additional matter.
The CHAIRMAN. The first question is on
the amendment as amended.
Mr. STANTON. Yes; if there is no amend-
ment offered.
