2866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire to know if
it is not now in order to move to amend, by way
of an addition, to the amendment just adopted?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that it is not,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Will it not be in
order after the question is taken on the pending
proposition ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide that
when the question is submitted. There is noth-
ing in order now but to take the question on the
amendment as amended.
- The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 89, noes 40.
So the amendment as amended was concurred
in.
Mr. BOCOCK. I want to ask the unanimous
consent of the committee to substitute " twelve"
for " eight" in the matter of the draught of the
steamer for China. My friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] has been there, and thinks that
twelve is better than eight.
Mr. DEAN. 1 object.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
know what gentlemen mean by objecting; but I
know that an eight-feet draught is unsafe to go
to sea with at all. Put it not to exceed twelve
feet, and do not make your steamer a failure.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
committee do now rise, and leport the amend-
ments.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Stephens, of Georgia,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the state of the Union gene-
rally, and particularly the Senate amendments to
the bill (H. R. No. 199) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1859, and had instructed him to report
the same back with a recommendation that some
be concurred in,some non-concurred in, and one
concurred in with an amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded the pre-
vious question on the amendments.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
The recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union with reference
to the amendments of the Senate, numbered from
one to thnteen, was conctured in.
The fom teenth and last amendmentof the Sen-
ate was then read, as follows:
tfix:. 6. Jhul he it further enactcd, That tho Secretary of
the Navy cau^c to be con-.tiueted, as speedily as may be
consistent with the public intereM-?, five steam M%rew hloojw-
uf-war, with full hteam powei, whose groate^t diaughtof
water shall not exrwd fourteen feet, which ships .shall com-
bine the heaviest aimament and greatest >peed compatible
with their character mid tonnage ; and one side-wheel war
steamer, whos-e greatest di ausjhthball not exceed eight
armed and piovided lor service in the China seas ; and that
theie be, and h<>teby, appropriated, to be expended under
theduection ot the Secret.iry ot the Navy, lor the puipono
above specified, the «um of $1,200.000, out of any money in
the Treasury nor. otherwise appiopriated.
The SPEAKER stated that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union reported an
amendment to this amendment, the effect of which
was to strike out 4< five" and insert " ten," so as
to increase the number of steam sloops to ten.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 85; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Arnold, Bark^dafe, Boeoek, Bonham,
Bowie, Bianch, Biyan, Caskie, John B. Claik,Clay, Clem-
ens. John Cochrane, Cockerill, Coining, Comma. Cox, Bur-
ton Ciaige, Crawford, Curry, L)nvi^ of iMisi-issippi, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dewart, Diinmick. Dowdell, ISdie. Faulk-
ner, Floience, Foley, Gillis, Gihiicr, Lawrence \V. Hall,
Robeit B. Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Ham-?,
Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Iluvier, Jack>on, Jen-
kins, Jewett, J. Giaucy Jones, Owen Jones, K>itt, Kelly,
Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy, McKibbm, MeCiuetni, Ma?on,
Million, Edward Joy Morris, Pendleton, Pejtnn,
William W. Phelps Phillips, Quitman, Heady, Reagan,
lleillv, Ricand, Rutfin, Russell, Sandidge., Savage, Scalcs,
Scott, Searing', Henry M. Shaw. Shorter, Sickles, Single-
ton, Wiiham Smith, Rtallworth, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Miles Taylor, Underwood, White, Whiteley,
Wood, Woods-on, and Wortendyke—86.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Billirighurst, Bing-
ham. Blair, Bliss Bravton. Buftinton, Burlmgame, Case,
Oiiatfee, Chapman, E/.ra Clark, dawson, Cobb, Clark B.
Cochiane, Colfax, Covode, Cragin, Curtis, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dawes. Dean, Doriri,
Durfee, Fenton, Foster, Garnett,Giddings, Gilman, Gooch.
Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Horton, Howard, George
W. Jones, Kellogg, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leiter,
Letcher, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maynard, Morgan, Morrill, Freeman H. Morse, Oli-
ver A. Morse. Mott, Murray^ Niblack, Palmer, Parker,
John S. Phelps, Pike, Potter, Powell, Purviance, Ritchie,
Robbins, Roberts, Royce, John Sherman, Spinner, Stanton,
Stephens, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins,
Trippe, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Elhhu B. Washbume,
Israel Washburn, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—85.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CURRY stated that Mr. Moore was still
confined to his room by Illness.
Mr. NICHOLS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Vallandigham, had been called home on busi-
ness, and had paired off with him on all party
questions; and, as this appeared to have assumed
that complexion, he declined to vote.
Mr. KELLOGG stated that Mr. Farnsworth
was absent on account of ill health.
The question recurred on agreeing to theamend-
ment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. BLISS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Bark^dale, Boeoek, Bonham,
Bowie, Branch, Bryan, Caskie, Cavanaugh, John B. Clark,
Clay, Clemens, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Cumins, Cor-
ning, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Ciawfoid, Curry,
Davis of Mississippi, Dewart, Dimmick, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Foley, Gilhs, Gilmer, Goode, Gregg, Lawrence W.
Hall. Robe11 B. Hall, J. Mom-son Harris, Thomas L. Har-
ris, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston, Huyler, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Jewett, J. Giancy Jpnes, Owen Jones-, Keitt, Kelly,
Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy, McKibnm, McQueen, Miles,
Million, Edward Jov Morns, Isaac N. Morris, Niblaok,
Pendleton, Peyton, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Pottle,
Gtuitman, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Rutfin,Russell, S-andulge,
Savage, Scale*,, Scott, Sealing, Ilemy M. Shaw, Shorter,
Sickle?, Singleton, William Smith, Stallwoith, Stephens,
Stevenson, James A Stewart, Miles Taylor, tJndeiwood,
White, Whiteley, Wmslow, Wood, Woodson, and Wor-
tendyke—-89.
N/\YS — Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Atkins, Bennett,
Bilhnghin-t, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Biayton, Buffinton,
Burlmgame, Ca^e, Chalfee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, ('law-
son, Cohb, Claik B. Cochiane, Colfax, Covode, Ciagm,
Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis ot Indiana, Davis of
Towa, Dawes, Dean. Dodd^Durl'oe, Fenton, Fo.^ter, Gar-
nett. Giddings, Giluian, Couch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow,
Harlan, Hatch, Hoard, Hoiton, Howaid, Geoige W. Jones,
Kellogg, Knapp. John C. Kunkel, Leiter, Letcher, Love-
joy, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Mat-
teson, Maynard, Moigan, Monill, Freeman II. Mor-e, Oli-
ver A. Morse, Moit, Muiray, Palmer, Parker. John S.
Phelps, Pike, Potter, Powell, Purviance, Rieauu, Ritchie,
Bobbin-, Robert!?, Uoyoo. John Sherman,Spinner, Stanton,
William Snnvait, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Trippe,
Wade, Waldion, "Walton, Elhhu B. Wasliburne, Israel
Washburn, Jolm'V. Wright, and Zoilicolfer—68.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JOKES. I move to recon-
sider the votes which have been taken upon these
amendments, and to lay the motion to rcconsider
upon the table.
"Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will withdraw
the motion; and ask the unanimous consent of
the House to permit me to report from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means the amendments of
the Senate to the Army appropriation bill.
"WILLIAM" S. BRADFORD.
Mr. &UITMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to allow me to ask the unan-
imous consent of the House that the Commit-
tee of the Whole Plouse on the Private Calen-
dar he discharged from the further consideration
of House bill (No. 610) for the relief of William
S. Bradford, with a view of putting it upon its
passage. The bill has been reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs; and if we pass it
to-night, it may yet pass the Senate. It is for the
relief of a man who has been in service eighteen
years, and who is entnely crippled. His physi-
cians advise him to go to a more southern climate;
and it is necessary that he should do so to restore
his health. He is now pensioned as a sergeant;
and the committee only propose to give him the
pension of his highest rank m the service—a
brevet second lieutenant.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Does the gentle-
man propose to call the previous question?
Mr. &UITMAN. I do, sir.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Then I do not ob-
ject.
The bill was read. It enacts that from and after
the passage of this act, the pension now paid to
William S. Bradford be increased from the present
amount received by him to twenty-live dollars
per month.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. This man, "William S. Brad-
ford, served in the Army for nearly eighteen'years.
He was enlisted in 1834, and from that period up
to the time of his final discharge, he served out
many terms of reenlistment with honor and credit.
Amongst his papers are recommendations from
almost every field officer under whom he served.
They prove him to have been a remarkably good
soldier. He frequently filled the posts of sergeant
and quartermaster's sergeant. Serving during the
Mexican war in the seventh infantry, he was a
participator in almost every conflict, and, as the
man who planted the first American colors on the
heights of Cerro Gordo, he was favorably men-
tioned in the reports of the officers. At the close
of the war he received a commission as brevet
second lieutenant. He was a modest man, and
soon afterwards gave it up. He did not care, per-
haps, to leave his old associates in arms. He
enlisted at Baltimore for the rifle regiment. It was
while acting in the capacity of quartermaster's
sergeant at Columbia barracks, in Oregon, that,
from great exposure in the performance of his
duty, he contracted that painful disease (chronic
rheumatism) which totally incapacitated him for
active service and caused his honorable discharge
from the Army.- The committee believed that,
under all the circumstances, he was entitled to the
higher rate of pension.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read the
third time, and passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee of Ways and Means,
reported back the Senate amendments to the Army
appropriation bill: which were referred to the
Committee of the Wholeon thestateofthe Union,
and made the special order the next time the House
resolved itself into committee.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that general
debate in the'Committee of the Whole on these
amendments terminate in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the rules
be suspended? a'nd the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the" Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Bocock in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the amendments
of the Senate to the Army bill were before the com-
mittee, and that debate was limited to five min-
utes.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, when concluding
the few remarks I made a short time ago, when
upon the floor m committee, the inexorable ham-
mer of the Chairman stopped me at a point which
would leave me in a rather disagreeable position.
The question now before the committee is a
; question of war, and I desire to conclude the re-
[ marks I was then making. I was concluding, in
j reference to the British outrages upon our flag,
that I had no purpose of speculation or dema-
gogism, I have understood that my honorable
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Garnett,] as I felt
sure was the case, did not intend to apply these
1 epithets to me. They were applied, as I under-
stood him, to war agitation. Sir, why the gen^
tleman applied such remarks to war agitation in
this House I cannot imagine, for I have not
known the subject-matter yet to be agitated here.
But my honorable friend has said that I have
proposed to give to the President the entire war-
making power. I have made no such proposition
to this House. Any proposition in reference to
these British outrages which I may have been
willing to make, was objected to in the first in-
stance by my friend himself, and afterwards it
has been smothered. Whispers and shadows
around the House brought more terror than could
"the substance of ten thousand men, armed in
proof."
My honorable friend referred to my antece-
dents. He was surprised at the course 1 had taken
m reference to these war outrages. Sir, the gen-
