1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
merit of the avenues and streets of Washington,
yet, as this is for the avenue leading directly to
the Capitol, the navy-yard, the Congressional
BurymgGfround, and other points to which mern-
bers^f Congress .and others have generally to
pasfl^am in favor of the memorial, and hope, at
.the proper time, that Congress will grant a rea-
sonable appropriation tOvimt that portion of the,
avenue in proper order. I move its reference to
the Comnktee on the District of Columbia.
It wasTro referred.
Mr. SEWARD presented additional papers in
,relation to the claim of Martha Brown; which
were referred to the^ommittee on Revolutionary
Claim's.
Mr. MASON presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Virginia, in favor of the final settle-
ment of half pay to the officers of the revolution-
ary warpromised by resolutions of the Continen-
tal Congress; which was ordered to lieonthe table
and be printed.
PAPERS RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
, Ordered, That the adverse report on the petition of
Manila Brown, be recommitted to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims?.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was lefurred the bill
(S. No. 133) to extend an act approved the 3d day
of February, 1853, entitled "An act to continue
half pay to certain widows and orphans," to re-
port it back, and recommend that it be indefinitely
postponed. The committee at the same time have
instructed me, to supply its place, to report a bill
(S. No. 297) to extend an act entitled "An act to
continue half pay to certain widows and orphans,"
approved February 3, 1853. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of James Ilen-
debert, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and the militia, to
whom was referred a resolution of the Legislature
of California, in favor of the cession to that State
of the Monterey redoubt, for the establishment
of a military academy, submitted an adverse
report.
He also, from#he same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Isaac W. Brown, who
claims to be the inventor of a new and useful fire-
arm which is used m the United States seivice,
praying for an investigation, reported adversely,
having ascertained on inquiry at the Department
that they know nothing of any such patent.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Dr. A. S. Wright,
praying indemnity for losses sustained by his ex-
pulsion from Mexico, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations; which way
agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of O. H.
Browne, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William L. S. Dear-
ing, submitted an adverse report; which was or-
dered to be printed.
UNITED STATES SHIP SUSQUEHANNA.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, to whom was referred the leport of tin;
Secretary of the Navy, communicating m answer
to the resolution of the Senate, information m re-
lation to the condition of the United States ship
Susquehanna oh her arrival at the Island of Ja-
maica, and the reception and assistance extended
to her officers and crew by the authorities of the
island, have instructed rae to make a report, ac-
companied by*a joint resolution. The purpose of
the joint resolution is to authorize and request the
President to return suitable acknowledgments to
the naval authorities of Jamaica for the very gen-
erous and efficient assistance rendered to that ship
in her disabled condition; and as it is desirable
and m good taste that these things should be done
promptly, I would ask for its present considera-
tion.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 33) authorizing suitable acknowledg-
ments to be madeby the President to the British
naval authorities at Jamaica for the relief extended
to the officers and ciew of the United States ship
Susquehanna, disabled by yellow fev#er, was read
twice by its title, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. MASON. Let the resolution be read
through.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Mouse of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress ussembled, That
the President be, and he is hereby, autlionzed and requested
to cause suitable acknowledgments to be made on the part
of this Government lo Admiral Sir Houston Stewart, o flier
Butaimie Majesty's navy, and the otficeis under his com-
mand, for their piompt atid efficient aid dnd generous hos-
pitality extended to the disabled officers and crew of the
United States ship Susquehanna, on her late arrival at
Port Royal, in the Island of Jamaica, with the yellow fever
on board ; on which occasion, besides placing the naval hos-
pital, with an adequate corps of medical officers, nurses,
and attendants at their service, eighty-live of the hick offi-
cer and crew of the Susquehanna were safely and promptly
conveyed on shore with the aid of the boats of the British
squadron, and the lives of the gieater portion of them there-
j by piobably saved. And that the President be further re-
quested to cauMj a gold medal, with appiopnate devices,
to be presented on behalf of this Government to assistant
suigeon Frederick A. Hose, of the British navy, who vol-
unteered, with the permission or his commanding officer, to
join the Susquehanna, and, at imminent personal rick, de -
voted himself, on the voyage fiom Jamaica to New York,
to tiie care of the sick remaining on boaid. And that the
President cause suitable tebUuiom.ils to be in like manner
presented to the medical oflieeis m the British service in
attendance at the hospital, with appropriate lewards to the
nuises and other attendants there, whilst occupied by the
officers and crew of the Susquehanna.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the incidents
connected with the arrival of that ship at Jamaica,
I think, will pass into the history of the country
as of most impressive chaiacter, cvincing the hu-
mane ant] generous courtcsy that is always ex-
tended by humane and generous nations to those
who arc thrown upon their shores in a distressed
condition. This ship arrived at the Island of Ja-
maica at eight o'clock in the evening, and it was
reported to the British admiral in command that
there were on board one hundred and three cases
of yellow fever, of the most malignant type, the
patients in every condition, from those who had
just been seized, to those who had died. It so
happened,as appeals in the correspondence, that
at that time, oil board the admiral's ship, they
were engaged in high festivity. A ball had been
; given in which they were then participating, but
I immediately orders wor^ issued and sent on shore
' that a competent number of officers and men of
| the British squadron should remove a portion of
I the sick to the naval hospital. They arranged it
| immediately for the icception of the American
, sick, and by six o'clock oil the following morn-
! ing, the hospital was ready, and these men were
■ landed 111 their disabled condition by the aid of
the boats of the Biiush squadion.
i In addition to that, the s unions of the squad-
! ron volunteered their attendance at the hospital,
i in aid of the usual medical staff that was there,
j They sent to a distance to piocure a sufficient
I number of nurses and medical attendants, and the
| result was that eighty-five, including six officers
| and the crew of that-ship, were left without any
other care than this generous aid of the British
aiuhoiities at the island. It is in proof, on ac-
. count of the necessary condition of those sick on
; board the ship, that but for this humane and
timely lelief, the lives of a great number of them
must have been sacrificed.
i The resolution contemplates that the President
. shall make suitable acknowledgments to the Brit-
I ish admiral and his officers, un this very distin-
1 gnished service,and that he shall at the same time
■ present a gold medal to one, in the opinion of the
l committee, most eminently deserving of it—a
| young surgeon of the British squadron, who vol-
, unteeied under these citcumstances to go on board
1 the infected ship, and to attend her home. Cap-
tain Paulding states that his own suigeon and his
! assistant surgeon were sick; and, m the fear that
! the only remaining one would be taken sick on
j the voyage, ho applied to Admiral Stewart to
: spare him, if possible, one of his own surgeons.
( The service was a very dangerous one, for the
] ship was in such a condition as to render every
i one on board in imminent risk of his life; but it
! seems that this young gentleman—I had the pleas-
i ure to meet him here the other day—Assistant
1 Surgeon Rose ef the British navy, volunteered
his services to go on board that ship, the Admiral
permitted it, and.he attended the ship home. The
committee have thought there is something so pe-
culiarly just in distinguishing that officer, that
they propose to request the President to give him,
in commemoration of that service, a gold medal.
I hope the resolution will pass.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. " Is there a re-
port accompanying the joint resolution ?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir, there is a report ac-
companying it, which I ask may be printed.
The report was ordered to be printed.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate *
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MASON. I trust the fact will be recorded
that the vote was a unanimous one.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. That will be
understood to be the sense of the Senate.
■ ca'ptain herndon,
Mr. IIALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. No. 32) for the benefit of the
widow of Commander William Lewis Herndon,
United States Navy, to report the same back to
the Senate, and with the recommendation that
it pass. I am also instructed by the committee
to ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
consider the resolution at once, because, if any-
thing is to be done, it had better be done now.
If the Senate will indulge me for a moment, I
will simply remark that the services of Captain
Herndon, for which^this relief is to be granted to
his surviving widow and only child, constitute
one of the most illustrious chapters of the history
of the American Navy; and it is believed to be
no exaggeration to say that, for cool and collected
courage, heroic daring, patient and enduring for-
getfulness ofself, devotion to the welfare of others,
absolute self-possession in the presence of dan-
ger, Christian fortitude, and self-sacrifice even of
life, the conduct of Captain Herndon, if not with-
out a parallel, is not excelled by anything which
histoiy or tradition has commemorated, either in
ancient or modern times. Captain Herndon pre-
sents such a contrast to the course too often pur-
sued by those to whose judgment and skill are
committed the fortunes and lives of others, that
it is believed to be in consonance with the views
and feelings of the whole American people to give
some public expression of their appreciation of
such traits of character as he exhibited in the try-
ing emergency in winch he sacrificed himself.
And it is believed that no way can be devised
more appropiitite than by affording some sub-
stantial pecuniary aid to his surviving widow and
child, to whom it will be not only grateful, but
for whose comfortable support it is necessary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will require
the unanimous consent of the Senate to consider
the resolution now.
Mr. IVERSON. I am not satisfied with the
resolution, and I object to its consideration.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask, as a great favor, that
the honoi able Senator from Georgia will be pleased
to give his attention to this lesolution soon, so
that we may call it up at an early day?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the joint resolution cannot be consid-
ered to-day.
CATHARINE JACOBS.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Catharine Jacobs, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 298) for the
relief of Catharine Jacobs, widow of Francis
Jacobs, a waiter in the military household of
General Washington.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
excuse me, I will ask to hove that bill passed at
once. It was passed at the last session, but failed
in the House for want of time. It speaks for
itself.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I should be
very glad if the Senate would allow it to betaken
up and passed now.
Mr. SEWARD. It is only to grant a pension
to the widow of a servant of General Washington.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
remark, that the hour for the consideration of the
special order having arrived, it will not be in order
to take up this bill unless by unanimous consent
of the Senate.
