1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7'57
the Senate is informed, is sick, and unable to be
in Ins place, the-bill lias to some extent, by his
icqu'stand that of other members of the com-
mittee, been placed in my charge. I desire very
much, as the chairman of the committee does,
that the bill shall be disposed of to-day, if prac-
ticable. We must either dispose of it to-day, or
sit to-morrow, because 011 Monday, the 22d of
February, a number of Senators will be absent,
and it would be unfair to decide it without a full
Senate. If we do not dispose of it to-day, I shall
insist that the Senate sit to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (S. No. 79) to increase the military
establishment of the United States, the pending
question being on the motion of Mr. Chandler,
to strike out the fourth section, m these words:
Plc. 4. And be it further enacted. That hereafter regular
piomot'ons to vacancies occurring in the regimental smdr-s
01' eomii.u^ioned officers of the United States Army, shall
lie by tt'jjuneiit:* or corps, instead of bj arms of service, as
now regulated and provided m certain ea^ea.
Mr. IVER.SON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I wish to state that my colleague
[Mr. Clark] is detained from the Senate by sick-
ness to-day, and has paired off with the honora-
ble Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 24, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Bell, Cameron, Chandler, Colla-
mei, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittlo, Dnrkee, Fe^enden,
i'oot, Fo^tei, Gwirij Hale, Houston, Huntei. Sew-
ard, Siimnons Sniiirt, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs,
V/adf, and Wilson—54.
NA'i fc—jUer^rs. Bayard, Digier, Bright, Biown,
Claj, Jivn.ii*, fitch, Given, Hamlin, Hammond, I'aiian,
lvei-on. John-on of Ar'\an>a-^. Johnson of Ti'i'nr.-.ue,
jone-, Maliorv. Polk, I'ujrh, Sebastian, tiiideil, Thompson
of Kentucky, and Wiiglu—2-J.
So the motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the first sec-
tion of the bill by addirjg the following proviso:
Jjiid prondeJ, That puch reduction shall not interfere
with, or opeiate upon, any officer in the Auuy at tile dale
of the approval of this act.
So that it will read:
provided. That within two years after the parage of this
act, or sooner, it'the exigencies of the public *eivice will
peimir, it shall be the duty of the Piesident to leduce the
nulitary establishment so as not to execed the mnnbei of
companies, either m officers 01 puvattv, as now authoiizi d
by evicting laws : And provided, That &uch reduction shall
not interfere with, or opfiate upon, any officer iw the Army
at the date of theappioval of tins. act.
Mr. SEWARD. I would suggest to the mover
of the amendment, that there may be a doubt
whether it does not make the reduction dependent
as a condition on the fact whether the reduction
will affect any officers of the, Army. I would sug-
gest to him to strike out " and provided," and in-
sert " but."
Mr. WILSON. I accept that modification. I
do not wish to detain the Senate upon this mo-
tion. I think it has been clearly shown, that at
the end of two years, if tins bill shall be. sus-
tained, the commissions of all the company offi-
cers of the Army will he in the hands of the Presi-
dent; and the ninety officers now to be appointed
may he retained, and ninety may be selected from
the officers in the Army at the present time and
thrown out. I do not suppose that, in pulsing a
bill to raise tioops for temporary purposes, it is
the intention of Senators to strike at any officers
now in the Army, although it is said there is a
grout rush for offices in the five regiments that
are talked of, and that there are about two thou-
sand applicants for the places, if the bill should
be sustained,ninety officers may be selected from
pohtieai partisans in the various sections of the
country, and when in the seivico, by the section
as it now stands, they may all be retained; and
officers who have served the 'country long arid
faithfully, may be thrown out at the end of two
years. I do not suppose the fcJenate wishes to do
any injustice to the present officers of the'Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) If no further amendment be pro-
posed to the original bill, the substitute for that
bill is open to amendment
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
the proposition now to be on the substitute that I
offered 111 lieu of the original bill
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is now
open to modification or amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON} of Tennessee. I do not wish
to detain the Senate, but 1 desire to make a few
brief remarks in answer to some objections which
have been urged to this proposition. It has been
objected by some, for instance, that the substitute
offered by me confines the President, in making
his appointments, to particular persons, and that
under the Constitution of the United States we
have no such power. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that the law confines all
appointments of midshipmen to the Naval School
at Annapolis, and all appointments of cadets to
the West Point Academy, to congressional dis-
tricts. If you can confine the appointment of a,
cadet, or midshipman, or any other appointment
to be made by the President of the United States,
to a district, cannot you confine him to the ap-
pointment of particular persons ? If the power is
clear in the one case, it is equally clear in the
other.
The objection is that my substitute confines the
President m his appointments of officers to par-
ticular persons—those chosen by the companies.
Well, sir, in 1846, when we passed what we called
the te;i regiment bill, it was provided:
"That the President of the United States he, and he is
hereby, aiahonzed. by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to appoint one additional major m each of the
rfgmn'nti, of dr.uexv at ullerv, infantry, and riflemen in
the Anny oi the United Slates, who shall be taken from the
captains in the A;my."
This law confined the Piesident, in appointing
majors, to the eaptams then in the Army. If that
was constitution i!, and Congress had power in
that instance to (U-sncnat-' whom the President
should appoint, howdo t].<: piovislons of the sub-
stitute,confining ih'j President m th**' appointment
of officers to ihr p< icons indicated by the corn-
panics, battahon^, and regimc-nts, conflict with
the Constitution ? If you can compel him to select
majors from a partmu inr c! iss—the captains of the
Army—can you not compel the President to take
as colonels, majors, and captains, the persons
elected by the regiments, battalions, and compa-
nies, when organized ? The power is as clear in
the one case as it is in the other.
Let us see how the Constitution stands on that
point, for I want this question made clear. I do
not want the idea to go out to the country that
this proposition lias been rejected on the ground
that it came in conflict with the Constitution, or
invaded any power conferred on the President of
the United States by the Constitution. I know
that whenever you come to popularising the in-
stitutions of this country, and especially when
you come to populanzmg tiie Army of the United
States, theie is always some pretext, some ex-
cuse, for interposing an objection to the exercise
of power on the part of the' people. Why should
not tiie lcgimento, the battalions, and the compa-
nies be authorized to elect their own officers when
it does not come m conflict with the Constitution
of the Umt^d States?
' But it has been intimated or suggested to me,
1 that such a provision is not constitutional. I do
not pretend to understand a great deal about the
; Constitution; but I am very much inclined to
; thmk that if it was read a little more than it is. it
would be better understood by a great many of us
' throughout the country. We find thai the Con-
i stitution piovides:
l "The Presidential! hare powei, l y and wiih the advice
and con; cut oi" tile Senate, to make tieahe-., provided two
I tinrdj of the Senators pte^ent eoiirm ; ami be ^liall nom-
- mate, and, by and with tlic advice and consent oi the tern-
; ate, >-haii appoint embassador.-, other public ministers and
I com-uls. judges of the Stipiv^io Couil. ami uli other olheei;.
or the Tinted States who^e appointments aie not heiein
' otherwise provided tor, and winen sha.I tie established by
' law."
i We may go on and establish the office of head
of a Department; he is a superior officer; but the
1 query now comes up, cannot the head of that De-
paUment appoint the inferior officers? I say he
j can, and such has been the practice. Th« C011-
] stitution further provides in the same clause:
'■ But the Congress may hv law vest the appointment
! of Mich inferior oiFiceis as they Ihink pi-oper, m tiie
i dent aionc,m the courts of law, or in the heads of .Depait-
| ments."
I I should like to know if the power is not clear.
Does not my substitute vest the power absolutely
in the President to appoint these colonels' It is
as clear as the Constitution itself. The great ob-
jection to the exercise of this power is that it is
a confirmation of the will of the regiments in the
I selection of their officers. Let the men choose
those who are to guide them in battle. Let the
men choose those who are to sleep with them on
the tented field. Why this great dread that you
cannot get along in making these appointments
unless they are taken away from the people ? It
is clear that the first section of the substitute is
constitutional. It provides for the appointment
of officers in the way pointed out by the Consti-
tution itself, practically. It prevents delay. It
does not even make it necessary to send such nom-
inations to this body; but I shall have no objection
to that if it be insisted on. These regiments can
be organized, the officers commissioned, and put
into the field, if the exigencies of the country re-
quire it, and whatever the Government wants to
be accomplished can be accomplished at once.
1 have made these remarks merely to remove
the objections that have been intimated to me
against the first section of the substitute.
Mr. HAMLIN. The bill which the Senate has
already perfected, contains a section which re-
quires that the troops shall be discharged at the
expiration of two years, or sooner, ifthe exigency
which called them into service shall cease. On
reading the substitute which has been offered by
the Senator from Tennessee, I find that in the last
section he provides that the volunteers whom he
provides for calling out, shall be dismissed from
the service whenever the exigency which called
them in shall cease. In the section of the bill per-
fected by the Senate, there is a maximum of time.
In the section of the substitute of the Senator from
Tennessee, there is 110 maximum; there is no pos-
itive limitation. I make the suggestion to that
Senator that the last section of his substitute ought
to correspond with the section of the bill which
the Senate has already perfected.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have no ob-
jection to that.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I shall offer this amend-
ment, to be added to the last section of the sub-
stitute:
And in no case s'liall the force created by this act con-
tinue in service more than two years.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The question now before the
Senate is on striking out the original bill,£nd sub-
stituting for it a proposition, as I understand it—
for it has not been printed—to enable the Presi-
dent to call out four thousand volunteers, with
their full complement of officers. That measure
comes into competition with the bill, which, as
now amended, proposes to add only thirty com-
panies to the regular Army, and that for a tem-
porary period. Both provide for a temporary
exigency. According to the proposition of the
Senator from Tennessee, we are to have four
thousand volunteers for two years, or a less time,
if the exigencies m Utah should allow of their
being disbanded. According to the proposition
of the committee as it now stands, we are to have
the addition of thirty companies, consisting, as I
understand from the gentleman who is acting as
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] of be-
tween twenty-two hundred and twenty-three hun-
dred men, with no officers higher than the rank
of captain.
It has been objected to the bill reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs, that there tnay
be a difficulty in disbanding them at the end of
two years; that these officers being incorporated
witli the great mass of the Army, a sympathy
would be felt for them, and therefore Congress
would be induced to repeal that provision which
requires them to be disbanded. In order to carry
out the manifest intontioif of the Senate, without
exposing any future Congress to difficulties m the
way of carrying it out, I have prepared an amend -
ment, which I have given notice that I shall offer,
in the event of the failure of the pending substi-
tute. The object of the amendment which I have
prepared is simply to carry out what seems to me
to have been, so far, the declared will of the Sen- _
ate; that is, that there shall bo a temporary addi-
tion merely, and a temporary addition of only
some twenty-two hundred or twenty-three hun-
dred men.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. With the per-
mission of the Senator from Virginia, I wish to
