1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2867
tleman forgot. I would refer him to his antece-
dents, and to mine. I would refer him to the best
days of old Virginia. I would refer him, sir, to
the war of 1812, when, upon less cause than that
which we have had before us recently, without
as strong cause as forty-one American vessels
seized and searched upon our own shores, and
the American fiag dragged through the waters of
the Gulf, the whole Union, with one spirit, rose
up in arms. And, sir, my immediate ancestor,
to whom I presume the gentleman alluded, used
language which was responded to over this whole
country, "that if England wanted to know her
own subjects, let her give ear-marks; that
the American flag which floated at the mast-head
of the American ship was the only credential of
American seamen."
I think, sir, that the time has come when agi-
tation on this subject should commence in this
House. If the resolution which I tried so often
to get m,had been introduced and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and that commit-
tee had failed to report, I would have proposed
something on my own responsibility for the action
of this House, and for agitation, if you will.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has now closed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The amendments
to this bill are forty-nine in number.
Mr. ClUITMAN. Have thev been printed ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES: Thuy have not.
They were ordered to be printed, but the Printer
could not get them ready m time. I have taken
full notes of them all, and will explain them as
they are read. In some cases, five and six and
eight and ten of the amendments relate to the
same subject. Ten relate to arsenals, and fifteen
to fortifications, and votes can be taken on those
relating to the same subject together. 1 propose
to explain the amendments as we pass along1. I
hope we shall act upon all of them to-night in
committee, so that we may pass upon them in the
* House the first thing in the morning.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 understood that
the House this morning, with a view to the un-
derstanding of this very bill, ordered the amend-
ments to be printed. Of course it was an order
designed to be executed for the - benefit of the
House.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It is true as the gen-
tleman says; but two thirds of the House have
just made these amendments the special order in
this committee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The question now
is, whether we ought to procecd with the con-
sideration of those amendments without having
them printed and before us* I think we ought
not; that we ought to have some time for the ex-
amination of these great questions. I therefore
move that the committee use, my object being to
move an adjournment until to-morrow at as early
an hour as the House chooses.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk then read the Senate amendments
in their order, and they were severally acted upon
as indicated below.
First amendment:
On page 2, at the end of line twenty-one, insert:
Provided, That the bupeimtendcnt of tue Military Acad-
emy, wliilp serving as Mich by appointment of the Presi-
dent, shall have the local rank and the pay and allowances of
a colonel ot engineeis ; that the commandant ol the cojps
of cadets at the Mihtaiy Acadomy, while reiving a*, such
by appointment of the President, shall have the local rank,
the pay and allowances of a lieutenant colonel of engineers.?,
and besides Ins otlier duties, shall be chaigod witn the duty
of instructor in the tactics of the three niun at t-aul acad-
emy ; and that the senior assistant instructor in each of the
aims of service, namely, the aitillery, cavahy, and miantry,
shall severally receive the pay and allowances: of th« as-
sistant prolessoi of mathematics.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This first amend-
ment of the Senate proposes to increase the rank
and pay of officers of the Military Academy at
WestPoint. TheCommittee of Ways and Means
recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Page 8, hue one, after the word a in," insert. " the man-
ufacture of cannon, cannon powder, and te&t of," so as to
make the clause read :
Including experiments m the manufacture of cannon,
cannon powder, and test ot arm? and ammunition, &c.
Mr. J. GLANCY JOKES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
■ in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred m.
at the,
v
Third amendment:
For the puichase of breech loadin? carbines of the best
model, to be selected and approved by a board of ordnance
officers, $45,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask that the fourth
amendment may be read and acted upon at the
same time, as they relate to similar matters
Fourth amendment:
For the alteration of old arms, so as to make them breech-
loading arms, upon a model to be selected and approved by
a board of ordnance officers, $25,000 : Provided, Any portion
of said sum, not exceeding $5,000, may be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War, in applying to the old
or new arms the recent improvement of Captain J. N. Waid
in the mode of applying Maynard's primer.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The subject of
these amendments was discussed at some length
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, when the bill was first under considera-
tion, upon the amendment ottered by the gentle-
man at the head of the Committee on Military
Affairs, [Mr. Quitman.] That amendment was
adopted by the House, but the Senate have
stricken it out, and adopted another in its place.
It will be remembered that the House appropri-
ated $100,000 for the alteration of old arms, in
addition to what was appropriated for the manu-
facture of new arms. The Committee of Ways
and Means think the Senate provision not so good
as the one adopted by the House, and therefore
they recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I simply wish to ask whether
the Senate amendment reduces the amount from
$100,000 to $25,000?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The amendment,
as adopted by the House, provided that only so
much of the sum as was necessary should be used.
We are not obhged to use the whole.
Mr. ClUITMAN. 1 merely wish to say that
the Committee on Military Aflaiis reported in fa-
vor of that proposition because they believed that
it was more economical to put the old arms in as
good condition as the new, than it was to purchase
new arms
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the honorable chairman
of the committee if he is not mistaken in saying
that it was reported from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs?
Mr. ClUITMAN. Perhaps I may be.
Mr. CURTIS. I think the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs is mistaken
in saying our committee recommended this change
I am myself opposed to the attempt to change old
arms. I think the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs will recollect that
I attempted to oppose the proposition when he
first presented it to the House.
Mr. ClUITMAN. I may perhaps not be tech-
nically correct, but I am practically so. This
came before the Committee on Mtlitai y Affairs at
the request of the Secretary of War. and it was
considered, though not formally. I understood
the committee, however', to approve of the prop-
osition, and to authorize me to represent to the ji
House the approval of the Committee on Military
Affaus. The letter from the Secretary was hud \
before the House. It was my impression, then,
that it was a reguhu* report from that committee, 1
but I think, on reflection, it was not; but it was ;
passed on informally. I understood it to be the j'
sense of the committee, that it was in favor of ;■
the pioposition of the S'-cictary of War. As I j;
am limited to five minutes, I cannot explain the
whole matter, or give my views on it in full, and
therefore I leave it to the committee. !j
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think it is indispens- |j
able to an intelligent action on this important \-
bill, seeing the difficulties in which we are likely j|
to be involved, that these amendments shall be ;i
printed. J therefore hope the committee will now !;
rise. We will have the amendments printed and j|
on our table in the morning; and they can be taken t|
up just as early as the chairman desires. j'
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It will take all day !i
to-morrow to print them.
The question was taken on Mr. Underwood's
motion, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Mississippi if he has
changed his opinion in regard to it? Did I un-
derstand him correctly ?
Mr. ClUITMAN. No, sir.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. He approves the
action of the House on the former occasion?
Mr. ClUITMAN. I entirely approve of the!
action of the House.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The House is fa-
miliar with its own action. The Committee of
/Ways and Means recommend non-concurrenee
with the Senate in its amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to amend by increas-
ing the appropriation $50,000. I wish to say that
this matter of changing the muskets ought to be
well considered by the House, no matter whether
there was or was not a formal investigation of it
by the Committee on Military Affairs; and I am
very confident it never was decided in our com-
mittee. Other members of that committee, as well
as the chairman, will recollect that there was
some consultation aboutit,and that when the mat-
ter was presented here I tried to interpose my
objection, for reasons which I deem important.
This proposition involves a change of the tactics
of one of our great arms of the military service,
the infantry. These tactics have been drawn up
with great care in the matter of consolidating the
men, and especially in reference to the loading of
muskets at the muzzle, and all the changmgs of
position in loading are so arranged as to preclude
accidental injuries. If you adopt breech-loading
muskets you have got to change the whole sys-
tem of manual exercise, and it may be necessary
to open the ranks. It is a question whether it
would be safe to use that kind of arm in those solid
ranks, as our infantry are taught to stand. There
is no doubt that this kind of arm is convenient for
men on horseback, and for hunters or skirmish-
ers; but whether it would suit the infantry is the
problem which I think ought to be fully tested
before we embark in this business of changing the
gun. It should be left to a board of officers to
consider and determine upon it. The only report
made on the subject by officers of the Army, was
made in 1857, by the board of which Major Bell,
I believe, was president, and that was an adverse
report.
Now, I should be in favor of adopting that.kind
of arm if it was proved to be successful; but I say
it has not been well considered—either in the
Army, in the Military Committee, or in the House*,
and therefore I think the House ought to concur
with the Senate in reducing the appropriation
1 from $100,000 to $70,000; part for the purpose of
1 changing, and testing such a change, a-nd part for
; another purpose. I am willing to see the experi-
j ment made; I am willing to have four or five thou-
sand dollars expended in experiments, to ascer-
tain whether breech-loading muskets would be
safe to be used in the infantry, the right arm of
the military service. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment will be concurred in, because it in-
volves us in less difficulty, expense, and hazard.
We might go on, and expend $100,000 in chang-
ing these old arms, and find it to be all wrong. I
hope, therefore, the plan will not be hastily
adopted, as it was before, but that the amend-
ment of the Senate will be concurred in, because
it provides for a smaller expenditure, and Viil not
involve us in such risks to the infantry service aa
this hasty change seems to initiate.
Mr. SANDIDGE. It is not unusual for Con-
gress to appropriate money, sometimes in large
sums, to test practically the improvements in arms.
We are expending about three hundred thousand
dollars every year in the manufacture and pur-
chase of arms; and we have now on hand nearly
five hundred thousand old muskets and rifles, for
which the Secretary of War, if he brought them
into market, would not eret more than 50apiece.
Now, I happen to know that during the last
three months experiments have been made at the
arsenal in this city to test the practicability of
altering these old, worthless arms into breech-
loading guns, so as to make them equal to the best
arms of the country, which cost from twenty to
forty dollars apiece. This change can be made
at a cost of about three dollars apiece; and the
question is whether we should appropriate money
to make these alterations, or put the Government
to ten times the cost in buying new arms.
If gentlemen think it the more economical plan
to spend three or four hundred thousand dollars
a year to buy new guns, when, for a small frac-
tion ofthatsum, you can make the old guns equal
to new ones, then the proposition of the gentle-
man from Iowa is the best that the House can
adopt. The Senate, as 1 understand this amend-
ment, propose to appropriate $75,000 in lieu of
