2$m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
the $100,000 voted by the House, and $40,000 of
that sum is to be expended in the purchase of new
guns, when, in the section immediately preceding
this, #400 ,000 is appropriated for that very pur-
pose, and for the manufacture of arms. There is
only a difference of $25,000 between the amend-
ment of the Senate and the amendment of the
House.
Mr. CURTIS. I desire to correct the gentle-
man in reference to one point. He seems to sup-
pose that theGovernmenthas been buying breech-
ioad&ng muskets; but we never have bought any,
gor-has there been any proposition to buy any.
We are using breech-loading carbines; but this
is a new proposition; and! say it has not received
sufficient consideration.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARNETT. I move that the committee
do row rise. We are a long way ahead of the
Senate, and I see no reason why we should sit
here till midnight.
Mr. SICKLES demanded tellers. t
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marshall
of Kentucky, and Craige of North Carolina,
were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
■—ayes 50, noes 73.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. CUPvTIS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
The question was taken on the Senate amend-
ment; and it was non-concurred in—ayes forty-
six, noes not counted.
Mr. ATKINS moved that the committee rise.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clemens
and Lovejoy wete appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 46, noes 8-1.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I suggest that the
amendments,from five to fifteen inclusive, be read,
and the vote taken on them together.
The amendments were read, as follows:
Page 8, strike out hues thirteen, fourteen, and fifteen, and
illicit« follows :
For the Allegany arsenal, $35,100.
For Fort Momoe arsenal, $29',900.
For Kennebec arsenal, $11,600; $2,000 of which may
be used in bringing gas upon the aiaenal ground-*, and with
leave to extend" gab-pipes through the grounds by the gas
Company.
Foi St. Louis aiscnal, ,$31,000.
For Washington arsenal, :• 9,379.
For an additional timber and carnage stoiehouse at the
North Caiohna arsenal, ,-$25,000.
For Watervlift ar&enal, •§30.000.
For repairs and preservation of the public bnildinas,
fenccs, diains, culverts, &c.,at ail the smaller ai&enak-,
$20,000.
For continuing the construction of the arsenal in Califor-
nia, ,$100,000.
For contingencies of arsenate, $10,OGO.
Forrcpaumg the arsenal and two eighteen pound gun-
carriages, at Stomngton, Connecticut, $750,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. All except (he last
item will be found in the book of estimates, as
given to the Secretary of War. They are given
there just as they are given here in detail. We
lumped them and took the gross amount. They
have added one item of $750 for the repair of an
old arsenal in Stomngton, Connecticut.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a non-concurrence.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to taking
the vote on them altogether ?
There was no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. Are the amounts the same
in the two provisions?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. They are, except-
ing the addition of $750 for the old arsenal in
Stonington.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I think the amend-
ment of the Senate is an improvement upon the
House provision; for it specifies for what the
money shall be expended.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The same specifi-
cations are in the estimates.
Mr. HOUSTON. But the estimates are not a
part of the law. As the House provision stands,
the whole of the appropriation may be used for
two or three works. The Senate amendment is
specific, and I think that we ought to adopt it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have certainly
followed in the footsteps of my predecessor.
Mr. HOUSTON. If there is any "such prece-
dent set by me, it is a bad precedent; and I am
sorry to see that my friend only follows bad pre-
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. ^ The amend-
ment only increases the appropriation $750 for an
old arsenal; and I hope it will be adopted.
The amendments of the Senate were concurred
in—ayes seventy-one, noes not counted.
Sixteenth amendment:
Page 8, line twenty-four, insert:
To enable the Secretary of War to examine and report
upon suitable sites foi an armory and foundery on the west
and on the Pacific coast, §10,000.
Mr. CLEMENS. On the west of what?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means rccommend a non-concur-
rence in this amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I should like to
understand that amendment better than I do. Wc
have not the benefit of printed amendments before
us. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Clem-
ens] put a question as to the points of compass.
I should like to hear that question answered.
Mr. CLEMENS. I suppose it would be a suf-
ficient reason forvoting against that amendment
that it is not expressed in good English, and no-
body can understand it.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment.
Page 9, m line three, insert the following:
To enable the Secretaiy of War to compensate F. W,
Lander for services performed, and expfiu-es incurred by
him in making reconnoisances for a lailroad fioni Pu?et
Sound via the South Pa«s, to the Mississippi river, m
1854-53, $4,750, or so much thereof as the said Secietary
may consider reasonable and proper m consideration of said
services and expenses.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in this amendment.
Mr. LEITER. i wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether the Department has not recommended
that this money should i;e appropriated ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. From information
wc have, there is no doubt that the woik was per-
formed; but it was performed,as we understand,
by the Territorial Legislature of Washington.
Mr. STANTON. That case was presented to
the Committee on Military Affairs. We exam-
ined it, and made an adverse repoit upon it.
Several Members. That is enough.
j The amendment was non-concurred in.
j Eighteenth amendment:
I At the end ol the bill add the following paragraphs and
1 bceuon^:
For fiavmont of volunteers opciahng m Flomla duimg
the year lbo7, $365,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This is to pay for
the volunteers called out by the Governor of Flor-
ida in 1855 and 1856 The matter was piesented
to the Committee of Ways and Means when the
original bill was before them; but we found that
there seemed to be great, difficulty in making out
the rolls, and the records were not so complete
and clear as the Committee of Ways and Means
thought they ought to be, especially coming in
outside the legular estimates. The Senate, how-
■ ever, have inserted in this bill the amount of
1 $385,00u for paying theue volunteers; but since
. the Senate passed this amendment I have received
; a communication from the Secretary of War, who
i states that, instead of §385,000, he must have
: 8585,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
' mend a non-concui rence.
| The amendment was non-concurred in.
' Mr. QJJITMAN. It seems almost impossible
1 to get along intelligently without having the Sen-
ate amendments printed and before us: and as
; they will bo printed on to-morrow, I therefore
I move that the committee rise.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman fiom Mississippi, that these amendments
; cannot be printed till the day after to-morrow.
| ATr. J. GLANCY JONES, i will say to my
i friend from Mississippi, that the next fifteen
| amendments all relate to one subject. They are
! all for fortifications, and there will be no difficulty
i in understanding them.
i Mr. &UITMAN. Very well. I withdraw my
| motion.
; Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask that all the
. amendments relating to fortifications may be read
i oyer, and the vote taken upon them in gross
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I objcct. The
vote might as well be taken upon each as it is
read over.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would sug-
gest that the amendments be read over, and then
if the gentleman desires a sepa'rate vote on any
particular one, let it be taken/and let us dispose
of the others en masse, and riot consume time by
considering each separately.
Mr. J. GLANCY JON1SS. The Committee of
Ways and Means recotwnend a non-concurrence
in all these amendment!
Mr. PHELPS, of jl&issouri. I will withdraw
my objection.
The amendments were reported, as follows:
For continuing the construction of the following works
of defense:
Fort Knox, at the narrows of the Penobscot river, Maine,
$50,000.
Foit Montgomery, outlet of Lake Champlain, New York,
$50,000.
Fort at Hog Island Ledge, in Portland harbor, Maine,
$50,000.
Fort Richmond, Staten Island, New York, $100,000.
Fort Wood, New York harbor, $20,000.
Fori Delaware, Delaware river, Delaware, $100,000.
Fort Cauoll, Soller's Point flat*, Baltimore harbor, Ma-
ryland, $100,000.
Fort Calhoun, Hampton Roads, Virginia, $75,000.
Fort Sumpter, Chaileston haibor, South Carolina. $25,-
ooo.
Fort Clinch, entrance to Cumberland Sound, Florida,
$75,000.
Foit Taylor, Key West. Florida. $100/00
Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Tortugas, Florida, $200,000.
Fort Pickens, Pen&acoJa, Flonda, (conduction and re-
pairs.) $50,000.
Fort Point, San Fianeiseo, California, $150,000.
Fort Gaines, Dauphin Island, entiance to Mobile bay, Al-
abama, $50,000.
Fort St. Philip, Mississippi river, Louisiana, (extension
and repaid,) $1.0,000.
For contingent expenses of fortifications, presnvation of
sires, piotection of tales, and iepair& of sudden damage,
$30,000
Foi construction of peimanent platform* for modern can-
non of large cahbei,m existing touificiuions of impoitaut
haibors, $50,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. They amount to
about one million two hundred and eighty thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. WH1TELEY. I move to amend byadding
$100,000 to the first amendment, for the purpose
of enabling me to submit a few remarks. I do
not wish to detain the committee but a moment,
but 1 "wish to call their attention to one fact. This
amendment of the Senate does not equal, by nearly
three quarters of a million dollars, a similar amend-
ment which I offered in committee some few days
ago. That amendment was scaled m the Senate.
1 do not wish to repeat a single word that 1 stated
upon that occasion, but I wish to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact, that while they
refused one week ago to give $*2,000,000 to the
for tinea t ions of the country, (hey have since given
to the city of Washington $2,500,000. Now,
I ask the committee, while they appropriate
500,000 for ihe city of Washington, will they
refuse to give $1,250,000 to the fortifications of
the country ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 would inquire
of the gentleman from Delaware, whether he op-
posed those appropriations for the city of Wash-
ington *
Mr. WIJITELEY. I supported them. I am
willing to give liberal appropriations for the Cap-
itol, the water works, the Treasury, Post Office,
and Patent Office buildings, and a hundred thou-
sand miscellaneous appropriations for the city of
Washington. But while I am willing to do that,
I am also willing to give to the fortifications of
this country the pitiful sum of $1,500,000. We
have given to this Capitol $750,000; to the wa-
ter works §800,000; to the Treasury extension
$300,000; to the Post Office extension #100,000;
to the Patent Office $50,000; and to miscellaneous
purposes about another hundred thousand dol-
lars, amounting, m all, to nearly two and a half
millions. Here outside influences were brought
to hear, and we could make those liberal appro-
priations; but for the defensive works of the coun-
try from Maine to Georgia, from the Atlantic to
the Pacific, we can hardly get half thatsum. You
have to-day given a large appropriation to the
Navy; and not only that, but you have given to
a book concern in this city #240,000 for a job,
which 1 say here, upon my responsibility, this
Government will not get through with under a
half, if not a million, of dollars. And when you
have done that, you will not give your forts, now
