.1844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
osition fails, the constitution fails, and they are
not admitted as a State into the Union; but, if the
people, by a vote, agree to the land proposition,
theiMhe President is to issue his proclamation,
and proclaim the State in the Confederacy.
Now, sir, let me state to the Senate a perfect
illustration of this doctrine. When the trapper
sets his trap to catch the fox, or the angler baits
•his hooflPfor the fish, he says to tftfe fox, u I do
not propose to catch your head in that trap; the
question whether you will put your head into it
or not is not pressed; but the only question is
whether you willWt the bait." So of the angler.
He says, " I have no idea, Mr. Fish, that you
will fasten this hook into your gills—not at all;
the proposition that I submit simply is, will you
swallow the bait?—that is all." We do not say
to the people of Kansas that their votes shall have
any effect at all upon the constitution made at Le-
compton; we deny that. I would not, says the
Senator from Virginia, agree to any such prop-
osition as that at all, but I will say to them that
just as you vote on the land ordinance so is the
result upon the constitution.
Now, Mr. President, is thata proposition which
it becomes a Congress representing thirty million
people to make? is it a proposition that it be-
comes the descendants of those who fought at
Bunker Hill and Yorktown to agree to? Never,
sir. It is a despicable proposition. It is a prop-
osition worse^than that of the thimble-riffger, for
he allows you to bet on which thimble the ball is
under. He makes a direct proposition. He does
not say to you," let the thimble which we both
know to have nothing under it test the question
whether it is under the next one or not." Sir, such
a mode of conduct, 1 repeat, is despicable on the
part of the Congress of the United States.
What, then, is the plain object of this proposi-
tion ? It was ascertained, as I said, that a major-
ity of the House of Representatives could not be
obtained for the Senate bill. What was the rea-
son? Because a majority of the House insisted
that it should be submitted to a vote of the people
of Kansas to say whether this is such a constitu-
tion as they wish, and whether it reflects their
will. But the Senate of the United States was not
willing to come to that doctrine. How, then, was
the fact? The dispute, 1 say, was upon the ques-
tion of submission, and hence the committee set
to work to makfe a Janus-faced proposition—one
which, in the South, by southern Democrats
should be declared to be no submission of the con-
stitution to the people of Kansas at all; it should
be denied there as it is denied to-day by the Sen-
ators from Virginia and Missouri, constituting a
majority of the Senate committee; and wh.ch, in
the North, could be insisted upon as a submission
of the constitution to the people of Kansas, and
for which you might get the northern anti-Le-
compton Democrats in the House to vote because
it is a submission; and get the southern Lecomp-
ton Democrats to vote for it because it is not a
submission. Sir, like that celebrated hunter who
aimed to kill the animal if it was a deer, and miss
it if a calf, you say to the members constituting
the two bodies of Congress to-day, if you aie true
game, and vote to reject this proposition, it will
kill you whether you live North or South; but if
you vote for it you will be a living calf all the days
of your life. No matter in what section of this
country you reside, if you vote for the measure
the^-e is no danger; because at the South we insist
it is notsubmitted,and at theNorth we insist that
it is; vote against it, and we will charge you in
the South with being false to our interests; we
will charge you in the North with voting against
the only means provided to ascertain the will of
the people upon the constitution itself. That is
the English of it.
There will be very few gentlemen in Congress
deceived or misled upon this subject; there will
be very few persons in the States of the Union
who will be misled by it; and there will be none
at all in the Territory of Kansas. The people of
Kansas, like every other patriotic, honest people,
will indignantly set their heel upon it; and let me
tell you why. I speak not this, Mr. President,
in the spirit of prophecy; I speak it in the face of
history. The vote of tiie 4th of January m Kan-
sas was a vote taken befoie the question was pre-
served here; it was taken upon the constitution as
the Leeompton men mad<* it, with every one of
these enormous land grants m it; and the people
pronounced against it by a majority of ten thou-
sand and more. After having this bantling here
in Congress; after kicking ifrabout between the
two Houses, and then sending it back with the
proposition reduced, as the Senator from Mis-
souri says, from thirty million acres to about four
million, do you suppose that you have any better
prospect of success? No, sir. I say the people
of Kansas will indignantly set their heel upon it-
Let me inquire how Congress stands on this
question to-day. I affirm that the bill reported
by this committee, by way of amendment, falsi-
fies every argument which the advocates of the
Senate bill urged for its passage. They said that
the Lecompton convention had a right to say, and
nobody had a right to question it, whether the
constitution should be submitted to the people
or not, and as they said, so it must ever remain;
and yet this bill actually places it in the power of
the people of Kansas to kill the instrument by a
vote at the polls. More than that, sir, this bill
provides, that if the people of Kansas reject this
proposition, they shall not make another for ad-
mission into this Union until they have popula-
tion sufficient, according to the ratio of represent-
ation, to entitle them to a member in the House.
But, further, it says that the Legislature of Kan-
sas, when proceeding to take the initiatory steps
for a new constitution, shall act " in conformity
with the Federal Constitution, subject to such
limitations and restrictions as to the mode and
manner of its approval or ratification by the peo-
ple of the proposed State as they may have pre-
scribed by law, and shall be entitled to admission
into the Union as a State under such constitution
thus fairly and legally made, with or without sla-
very, as said constitution may prescribe."
Here the very advocates of the Lecompton con-
stitution, upon the ground that the convention
had the sole power to determine the question of
submission or not, come in, and way that the next
convention shall take such directions as the Le-
gislature convening them shall make. What, then,
becomes of theground upon which they advocate
this constitution ?
Mr. PUGT3. I wish to correct the Senator, if
he will allow me. 1
Mr. STUART. Certainly. _ |
Mr. PUGL-I. The ground taken was, that, in- !
asmuch as theactunder which the delegates were '
elected contained no provision at all on the sub- j
ject, therefore the question was entirely within j
the discretion of the convention. !
Mr. STUART. lain stating the grounds which
the general advocates of this measure presented
to the Senate. I know that, if you undertake to
analyze all the arguments that were made by the
supporters of the Senate bill, you would find no
tvvo of them, scarcely, standing upon the same
ground. Ijnt I prorved now, in conncction with
this, to another proposition, based upon the great
doctrine of non-intervention; and itwas this: that
you had said to the people of Kansas, in their
organic act, that they should proceed to form a j
constitution and State government m their own
way. That was the language of the honorable
; Senator from Missouri m his first speech—that
j Congress had no right to provide the way; that
{ thev were at liberty to take their own way; yet,
! sir, in this bill you say that they shall only do it
' by a law of their Legislature; and that that law :
j shall provide the mode, and manner, and time, of I
i submitting the constitution to the people. I should i
j like to know if that is non-intervention ? !
i What further, Mr. President? The advocates \
1 of the Senate bill said that it was not of so much 1
consequence how this thing was settled,as it was j
thnt it should be promptly settled. That io the i
great argument of the President: admit the State, '
no matter how, and you have ended all contro- ■
vcrsy about, it. This bill sjys thnt, if the people 1
of Kansas do not take this Lecompton constuu- j
tion, they shall make none, shall have none, shall i
be no State until they have a sufficient population >
to entitle them to a member of the House of ;
Representatives. What, then, becomes of the .
I " speedy" argument for the settlement of this ;
question?
; What next? It was important to take it out j
1 of Congress. Well, sir, wo have been taking this j
subjcct out of Congress ever since I have been in;!
and the more wo Lave taken it out, the more we i:
have taken it into Congress. What is the result I
here if the people reject this constitution > Can-!
not they make another application to Congress
the next day, or at any time when they please,
and is it not perfectly competent for Congress to
repeal this law and admit them ? Who denies it?
Ifthe very next Congress chooses to admit Kan-
sas under a constitution that she shall make, who
can pruunt it? No power on earth. Then you
will hsro the question presented to Congress con-
tinuously, debated here, the country agitated, un-
til it is finally disposed of.
How beautifully does the House bill compare
with this miserable proposition of the committee
of conference. That proposition said to the peo-
ple of Kansas, " vote as you like upon this con-
stitution; if you vote in favor of it, very well, the
President proclaims you a State in the Union; if
you vote against it, proceed to form the one you
ao wish, and come immediately and promptly into
the Union," and that, too, without the action of
Congress. There was a proposition which met
the argument of the advocates of the Lecompton
constitution. There was a proposition that was
fair to every section of the country; and more
than that, sir, for the first time in the history of
legislation upon the subject of Kansas, it was fair
to the people of Kansas.
But, sir, what does this proposition say? Is
there a Senator within the hearing of my voice
to-day whobelieves, if this land measure was sep-
arately submitted to the people of Kansas, discon-
nected from any other question, that there is a
man in Kansas who would vote against it? Not
a man. There is not a Senator, nor a member of
the House of Representatives, who supposes that
this land donation would receive a negative vote
in the whole Territory of Kansas. Look nowA
sir, at the miserable trick contained in the substi^
tute of the committee. That says to the people,
if you vote upon a subject upon which you have
no two opinions, a subject which you-are all for,
we think, there is a better chance of getting yovl
to put the hook into your mouth, or put your
head into the trap, than if you voted upon the trap
or the hook itself. Yet the Senator from Virginia
said, with something of astonishment, not to say
indignation, that this was no threat to the people
of Kansas. Sir, I affirm, in my place here to-day,
that it is, and is a threat of the most objectiona-
ble character. It compares unfavorably with the
attempt of the Lecompton convention. The at-
tempt of that convention had the merit of bold-
ness, of audacity, of desperation; it spoke in open
daylight, and said to the people of Kansas, you
fehall have no power to reject this constitution,
because, if we give you the power to do so, we
know you will reject it; but this is an attempt to
wheedle, to cajole, first the anti-Lecompton men
in Congress, and next the people of Kansas. Not
a threat, sir ! What is an election? Is it not the
free, unembarrassed, and unbiased choice between
two distinct propositions? When you vote for a.
candidate for President, do you not vote against
some other candidate? Is not your choice free,
untrammcled, to vote for A or to vote for B, as
you choose ?
What was the House proposition which we re-
jected, and for which the committee of conference
recommend this amendment as a substitute ? It
was this: if you want the Lecompton constitution,
take it; if you reject it, you have the liberty to
make one for yourselves which will be satisfac-
tory, and you are to proceed to do it. But this
amendment says if you will take this constitution,
which is known to be obnoxious, we will grant
you so much land. I s*y, Mr. President, it is
known by every form of procedure that becomes
a free people, by the resolutions of conventions,
by the memorials and resolutions of their Legis-
lature, by the memorials of their civil officers, by
a vote of the people at the polls; by every means,
I repeat, which becomes a free people, Congress
is historically advised to-day that the people of
Kansas are uncompromisingly opposed to this in-
strument. Knowing that—yes, sir, there ought
to be emphasis upon these words—knowing that,
this committee amendment submits a land prop-
osition which no man in Kansas, or here, dis-
putes; and says, if thus induced you vote for the
land, you are under a constitution which you hate
and despise.
Sir, it was noble, it was patriotic, it was becom-
ing the great name and fame of the honorable Sen-
atorfrom Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] when he
asked the Senate yesterday, what would southern
