758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
make a suggestion to him. The basis of his ar-
gument is, that his proposition will incur a less
expenditure than the one now pending before the
Senate. When We turn to the first section of the
substitute X have offered, we see it provides that
the President may receive -into the service any
number of volunteers not exceeding four thou-
sand. If it shall so turn out that no men will be
wanted, he need not receive any. If he shall sim-
ply want one company, he can receive one com-
pany and no more. This power is to be exercised
at the discretion of the President. It may turn
out that he will want but one thousand or five
hundred men, or none at all.
Mr. HUNTER. We all understand this. We
all know from the Department that they wantfive
regiments. We all know they will be called out.
I do not suppose the Senator from Tennessee
doubts that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. This substi-
tute proceeds on the idea that they shall be called
out, if at all, for the Utah service—for the Mor-
mon war, if we may so denominate it.
Mr. HUNTER. ■This amendment proposes to
leave it at the discretion of the President, who
has already declared the number he will probably
want. I say, therefore, so far as expense is con-
cerned, it is right to compare this amendment, as
if it provided for four thousand volunteers, with
the expense that would be occasioned by the prop-
osition of the Committee on Military Affairs, as
now amended by the Senate. The amendment
which I intend to offer is one which is designed
to carry out strictly the intention of the Senate
to make this force temporary, not to increase the
number of your officers, and'also to put it in the
power of the President to disband them at the
end of two years without exposing Congress or
the country to any difficulty. Itproposes to place
it in such a situation that they must be disbanded
unless Congress shall interfere by positive legis-
lation to prevent it. I propose that this tempo-
rary force shall be kept separate; that it shall be
raised as the ten regiments wore raised during the
Mexican war, with precisely the same provision
which existed in that case in regaid to disbanding
them, under which they were disbanded, and re-
turned to the bosom of civil society.
The propositions, then, as they stand, (for it
must be remembered that both are temporary,)
present a choice between (bin thousand men with
a full corps of officers, field otficfrs and all, and
twenty-two or twenty-four hundred men, with no
new officers higher than the grade of captain. In
other words, the proposition of the Senator from
Tennessee is to raise something like sixteen hun-
. dred men more than the Senate have already de-
clared they think to be necessary. We are thus
to raise not only sixteen hundred men additional,
but to raise them in that form in which it has been
proved the Army is most expensive; that is to say,
we are to furnish volunteers, who, as lias been
shown by the whole experience of the War De-
partment, which, surely, is worth something, and
as has been shown by the reasoning of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, which
upon that head cannot bo answered, are far more
expensive than the troops proposed to be raised
by the bill of the committee.
The Senatoi'from Tennessee made us an admi-
rable speech in regard to the necessity of economy.
I concur in most of what he said in regard to that
I am glad to find that we are to have such a cham-
pion on this floor in the great cause of economy;
but I could have wished that his practice had con-
formed more nearly to his precept. We are, by
his amendment, to add some sixteen or eighteen
hundred men more than the committee propose,
who are to cost more per man than the regular sol-
diers. He tells us that the expense is to be §1,600
a yearperman. He tttkes that assumption ofthe
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.j I do not
indorse that assertion, that the soldiers are to cost
$1,600 a man; but suppose it to be so: then his
amendment proposes to add an expense of some-
thing like two million dollars annually over and
above what is proposed by the bill. Not only
two millions annually, so far as the troops are
concerned, but he proposes to make a much larger
addition to the officers than the bill contemplates;
to add a much more expensive character and de-
scription of force than that which the bill pro-
poses;-and it is to be followed by bounty lands,
pensions, horse claims, and all that; and it will
.take a whole bureau of officers, whose business it
will be for years to settle th^ claims for the horses
of these volunteers.
It seems to me that when the Senate come to
compare these two propositions, they cannot and
ought not to fail to vote down that which pro-
vides for four thousand volunteers. I know that
there are certain descriptions of military service
for which the volunteer is better fitted than the
regular soldier. There are certain great exigen-
cies in which the question is not so much the ex-
pense as the pressing demand for immediate mil-
itary assistance, when it is necessary to call out
volunteers and militia; but I submit that this is
not one of them. This is a case in which the reg-
ular will perform the service more cheaply; and
here is a competition between the two proposi-
tions, one of which increases the Army by a small
addition of officers, and comparatively by a small
addition of troops, and a much smaller expend-
iture of public money than the other. Why the
Senate should be called upon to make this large
and extravagant vote, I can not imagine, especially
when the appeal was made to us in the name of
economy. 1 trust it will be voted down.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think the
gentleman's argument, with due respect to, him,
has but very little in it. In the first instance, he
presses his proposition on theground of economy;
and he seemed to congratulate himself and the
country that there was so able a champion here
in advocacy of the cause of economy; but he says
he would have preferred to see my practice con-
form to my precepts. Let us take the Senator's
argument and see if my practice does not conform
to my precepts.
What was the proposition reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs ? It was to make a per-
manent addition to the standing Army, which was
variously estimated here to cost from five to seven
million dollars. The honorable chairman told us
two or three times in his speech that he did not
expect to live to see the day when the Army would
be reduced; that the proposed addition was to be
permanent. Then what is the issue ? Between
the original proposition and the one which I have
offered. But the gentleman seesgreat expense m
that, and he comes forward with a favorite idea
of his own; and what is it ? He says his propo-
sition is to make a certain increase of the forces
of the United States to the extent of some twenty-
tour or twenty-five hundred men—that is certain.
Then what is the proposition with which ho con-
trastsit? What do I propose ? It leaves the num-
ber to be raised at the discretion of the President
and the War Department, it is true, but it is not
to exceed four thousand men. If the gentleman's
twenty-five hundred men will answer the purpose
ofthe Government—will be sufficient, and no more
than needed, will he impugn the President and
Secretary of War by saying that if we confer this
discretion they will call more men into service
than arc required? That is the issue he makes:
his issue is with them that they will abuse this
privilege. They say they may want four thou-
sand, and the issue is with the Secretary of War
and the President, not with me. The Senator's
idea is that they cannot be trusted as to the num-
ber of men it will be necessary to raise to meet
the emergency which may take place, or may not
take place in Utah.
But again, the substitute I have offered proceeds
on the idea that if troops are not necessary for
service in Utah, the President is not to raise a
man; and that if he does call out any, the number
shall be in proportion to the wants of the Gov-
ernment; but he is not to go beyond the maximum
of four thousand. Will the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Finance deny the President
and Secretary ofWar the discretion of calling out
what they may deem sufficient between four thou-
sand and the amount suggested by him, or not
calling out any to meet the emergency? Is he not
willing to trust them that far?
Mr. HUNTER. Let me ask the Senator if he
is not willing to trust them so far as to give them
thefive regiments which the Secretary asks ? Will
he limit their discretion in that regard?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do limit them;
my proposition limits them. They may raise any
number of men from one to four thousand. If
there is no Utah war or difficulty, they need not
raise any. That is my proposition. Your prop-
osition is to raise some twenty-five hundred or
three thousand men certainly. Do you not make
a certain addition to the Army ?
Mr. HUNTER. I have stated that it is a tem-
porary addition, like the other.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Exactly; the
other is a temporary addition. So I meet you on
that point; and mine may not make any addition
whatever. We understand that. I proceed more
on the idea that these men will not be needed at
all. I do not believe there will be any Utah war.
I believe that these people will submit to the laws
of the United States; and that there will be no ne-
cessity for this Government to shed the blood of
what we conceive to be a misguided and deluded
people; for when it is understood that the Pres-
ident has sufficient military force placed at his dis-
cretion to quell and subdue any resistance they
may make, I believe they will desist; and es-
pecially so if the President of the United States
proceeds on that humane and parental feeling
which was pursued by General Washington when
he issued two proclamations urging the whisky
boys to submission to the laws of the United
States. I think it meets the precise case.
The gentleman says this force is to cost more
than an addition to the regular Army. The sub-
stitute provides that they shall receive the same
pay and allowances; that they shall be subject to
the rules and articles of war; that they shall re-
ceive the same clothing as regulars, and that they
shall be equipped at the expense of the Govern-
ment. There will be no claim for volunteers'
horses—the horses are to be furnished. If these
men are to enter the service of the United States
and receive the same pay that the regulars do, will
it cost any more to transport them than to trans-
port regular soldiers ? In many instances they can
be raised almost in sight of the place; from the
neighboring State you can send the men into the
service of the Government. The substitute pro-
vides that they shall receive the s'ame pay; and
will transportation cost any more for volunteers
than for regular soldiers ?
What then becomes of the gentleman's argu-
ment about economy ? The issue is made up as
to the difference between precept and practice. I
am glad that the honorable chairman has em-
braced the theory. I trust and hope we shall have
many evidences, before the close of this session
of Congress, of the theory being reduced to prac-
tice, so far as he and others are concerned. I re-
peat hero, I will go with him in retrenching the
expenditures and reforming the abuses of this
Government, as far as he whogoes furthest. I am
glad that I have such a leader, such a captain in
the cause of economy; and I give him the assur-
ance that I shall never shrink while he stands to
his post.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am pleased to
see the amendment proposed by the honorable
Senator from Virginia; not because I expect to
vote for it, but because it is the first demonstra-
tion representing the views of the Administration
since I made my humble efforts in their behalf
some days since. [Laughter.] The honorable
Senator from Tennessee read from the President's
annual message to show what the views of the
Administration were. I read from a later and ft
more authentic document when I represented the
Administration—the Washington Union, of the
very date of the day on which 1 spoke; and that
paper said, that the reason why we had gone so
wrong was, that not one in twenty of the Senate
had reflected on the subject. It is not parliament-
ary, I know,to speak ofthe other House, and I
shall not do it; but I shall suppose a ease in the
British Parliament, where the Administration are
represented on the floor. The House of Lords
sustain the Administration, and the House of Com-
mons have become a little insubordinate, and by
about three majority have shown a disposition to
inaugurate a policy adverse to the Administration.
Well, sir, the Administration have an Army bill
in the House of Lords, ostensibly to put down re-
bellion in—India. [Laughter.] They have before
them a bill to increase the military establishment
of England, so as to put down insubordination
in India. The House of Commons manifest an
insubordination quite equal to that in India, and
the Administration want to put that down, too.
When the editor said we had not reflected, he had
reference undoubtedly to the insubordination in
the other branch of the English Parliament—the
House of Commons. We want the men to put
