1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
sequences; I oppose it because it seeks to lay down
in the admission of States into this Union one set
of propositions for one character of States, and
another set of propositions for a different charac-
ter of States; I oppose it because, instead ofgiving
peace to the country, which I most fervently de-
sire, it will inevitably increase and promote ex-
citement and discord throughout thcCon&deracy;
and because it is in plain violation of the letter
and spirit of the organic law of Kansas, and the
true principles of self-government.
I have said, sir, and I bee: leave to repeat it
again from the very bottom of my heart, I wish
to-day, in the settlement of this principle, that this
Lecompton constitution was a free-State consti-
tution, that it might be seen how indignantly the
representatives of the North would despise and
condemn and deride and trample underfoot such
a proposition as this. Sir, 1 will never agree to
any such unjust, despicable discrimination as is
contained in this bill.
Sir, we are called upon to say to the people of
Kansas, "if you will take this obnoxious con-
stitution, youmay come in now, at once, by the
proclamation of the President—a constitution
which we know is obnoxious to every impulse
of your nature; but if you insist upon framing a
constitution that is agreeable to your judgment
and your wishes, you shall not come in until you
have doubled your population;" and yet I am
asked to vote for it. Why, sir, if it were sub-
mitted to me as the only alternative, if I were so
borne down by oppression or under duress, that
I was compelled to falsify all my opinions of con-
stitutional authority, ana take the naked Senate
bill or take this thing, infinitely would I prefer
the original Senate bill, because that docs stand
and can stand upon technical legal authority, if
you choose to use that in opposition to the known
will of the people. This can stand on nothing
either human or divine. If you were to set it up
and apply the commandment to it, you could not
make it out heicsy to woiwhip it, foi it is not like
anything in the heavens above or in the earth
beneath, or the waters under the earth. It is an
anomaly, a miserable, ingeniously-concocted pre-
tense to smuggle through Congress, and fasten
upon the nccks of the people of Kansas, an ob-
noxious-organic law.
There is a necessity for conciliation, for fair
treatment, for peace among the States of the
Union; and that course of policy is the easiest
and simplest that man can devise. It is so plain,
that the wayfaring man as iie runs may read and
undeistand. It is simply to deal honestly, deal
justly, deal fairly. Do unto the people of Kan-
sas as you would, under similar circumstances,
be done by—(hat is all. Do that; peace will reign
throughout all your borders; every man in this
broad land, under his own vine and fig-tree, can
entertain such opinions as he chooses. But, sir,
you continue to practice such frauds as the Le-
compton convention inaugurated, such frauds as
this bill is a bad imitation of, and you will spread
danger and coriftagiation throughout this Union,
If you will insist, as a Congress, upon being dis-
honest, partial, trickish, the time will not be far
distant when a civil war will spread over this land,
when you may be compelled, at midnight, to light
your wife and your children into some possible
place of safety by the flames of your dwelling.
If, however, you will pursue the path of wisdom,
of patriotism, this Union will cover the continent
and the adjacent islands; it will be the mightiest
Government that ever existed, or that ever can
exist on the face of the earth. Under all its broad
and benign influences, peace and happiness will
be secured to the humblest individual, as well as
to the remotest State. This is true, because it is
the great moral law of the Creator of all things;
no human power can ever change its action.
Mr. PUG H. Mr. President, I have already
stated to the Senate that, in my judgment, the
regular and orderly method of taking a vote on
this question, so as to aid in passing a law, would
be after we had received a message from the
House of Representatives inclosing the bill itself. .
Still, I have no objection to voting for the report
of the committee of conference; because it will be,
as the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
expressed it on the day before yesterday, an ex- ;
predion of my individual opinion. Nor do I j
mean to say that, if the Senate take a contrary ;
course, the bill will not be legally passed; for I >
suppose we have a right'to prescribe our own
forms of proceeding, although, as I have said, I
think the regular form hitherto has been to vote
on such a report only when the bill is in our pos-
session. But, sir, as I intend, in some shape and
at some time, to vote in favor of the proposition
reported by the committee of conference, I design
to give the reasons for that vote, in answer to sev-
eral allegations which have been made by Sen-
ators on this floor, and particularly by the Sena-
tor from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] who has just
taken his seat.
I shall pass over two considerations in a very
few words^ My colleague [Mr. Wadk] yester-
day arraigned the course of what he called the
Senators from the slave States—I suppose mean-
ing the slaveholdmg States—and he imputed a
great many motives to them. 1 shall engage in
no crimination of that sort. If I believed what
my colleague said, if those were my opinions and
sentiments, instead of standing in the Senate of
the United States to beat the air and indulge my-
self in those expressions, I would go home to the
people of Ohio and tell them to take arms in their
hands to redress all those injuries. The fact that
gentlemen bottle up all their wrath to be poured
out in the Senate, satisfies me there is no great
sincerity in all these complaints.
So with the Senator fiom Michigan. If I be-
lieved a thousandth part of what he has stated
here to-day; if I believed that an overwhelm-
ing majority of the representatives in Congress of
the political party to which I belong were scoun-
drels and knaves and tricksters-, that they would
practice fraud and d^eoit and deception in every
shape and form; if 1 believed all that or any of u,
instead of standing up line like the Senator from
Michigan, to insist that I still belonged to that
party and that no test should be applied to me, i
would walk out of it with Hying colors, and be
glad to be rid of every association of that char-
acter.
Mr. STUART. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator that I ha\o said nothing of the kind. I have
not said one word about any man in Congress
being a scoundrel; nor have I said one word about
any test being applied t-o me. 1 have never touched
that subject, and never mean to do so.
Mr. PUGEI. Let us see. The Senator coined
a new word for the occasion, not to be found in j
any dictionary that I know of, or any book on j
English grammar: he said it was a scoundrelly i
proposition. lie said it was a trick, lie said !
Congiess was behavai^ in a trickish manner, lie S
said Congiess was piaetieing frauds—a system I
of fiaud and outrage inaugurated in thefiistpla.ee |
by the Lecompton convention. Sir, there is no I
word of abuse, theie is no harsh adjective or ad- i
verb in the English language which the Senator ]
could apply to this pioposition, that he did not 1
apply to it. Then he turns round and says to a
man, " 1 slap you in the fact1, but 1 do not mean
to injult you;" he says to thirty or more of us
sitting here, acting according to the best lights of
our judgments and our consciences, who have
detei iniiied to give our votes for ihts measure, that
he imputes nothing personal to us, but that this,
neveitheless, is his opinion of what we propose
to do.
So on the subject of tests. When the Senator
stood up here in December last, and again on a
later occasion, he was begging his political friends,
as he called them, for conciliation. After listen-
ing to him and doing all v/e felt authorized to do
to conciliate him and those who act with him on
this floor, we yet hear, not alone from him, but
from others here and throughout the country, one
continued tirade that there has been an attempt
made by the Administration and by the majority
of the Democratic party in both Houses of Con-
gress to establish a test. I agree with the very
celebrated man w this country who said the Dem- j
ocratic party is a pure free-love association. A
man can get himself out of it, but nobody else can
get him out; and I say again, that whenever it is
my opinion that a majority of the Democratic
Senators on this floor give their adhesion to a ,
proposition that is a fraud and an outrage, that j
includes villainy and all the acts that base men 1
commit, I give them notice that I shall notwaitto
be put out of the party: I shall go out of it. That ;
is all I have to say on that matter. ;
I come now to the proposition. Of course ev- •'
cry bill reported by a committee of confevcncc is ■
a compromise. Nearly every bill that passes the
two flouses of Congress is a compromise. Each
of us cannot get exactly that which he thinks best;
we must give up matters of detail; we must sur-
render, if necessary, everything but the great prin-
ciple involved in a question; and so the Senate
has acted; and so, I imagine, the House of Rep-
resentatives has acted. In my judgment the best
measure would have been the admission of Kan-
sas into the Union by a bill in the ordinary form.
That would have silenced every thing. That would
let the people of Kansas settle all their own affairs;
let them revise and amend their constitution, or
make a new one when they choose; let them do
whatever they please when clothed with the sov-
ereignty of a State. We found that could not
pass. It was denied that, when admitted as a
j State under this constitution, they could proceed
to revise and amend it; and when that was an-
swered, it was asseited that if admitted under it,
Congress and the President would prevent any
amendment. Then wo said, put a provisioning
the act tovthe effect that Congress and the Presi-
dent never shall prevent it. That was not con-
sidered sufficient. But the bill passed this body,
and wont to the House of Representatives. Thft
House, in lieu of our bill, sent to us a proposition
requiring us to submit the constitution of Kansas
to a vote of the people. I have said to the Sen-
ator from Michigan to-day, and 1 say again, I
never will vote for any such bill in any case—
neither for a slaveholdmg nor a noa-slaveholding
St'itc. I consider ita gross usurpation of power,
a breaking down of the barriers between the Fed-
eral and Slate governments, ten times more dis-
astrous, in its consequences, to the peace of the
country and to the liberties of the people than all
the civil wars that have ever raged in Kansas.
Tins wns my objection to that proposition—my
great objection. I believe I can say it \fras the
objection in the minds certainly of a very kirge
majority of those with whom I have heretofore
acted on tins floor.
What was to be done, then* The HouseefRep-
resentatives adhered to t heir amendment. Thoy
had different views from us. A committee of con-
ference was appointed by cach House, and we
have now before us'the agreement of that com-
mittee. WJiatisit? I do not yetunderstand how
the Senator fiom Michigan means to interpret the
proposition. If he says that he understands this
proposition as submitting the constitution of Kan-
sas to a vole of the people by act of Congress*, I
tell him I do not so understand it; and if 1 did, I
would not vote for it. Hut what is it ? We have
not the power to make a constitution for Kansas;
we have not the power to unmake it; and if we
cannot alter the constitution itself, how can we
piescribc, after the people have acted, the manner
m which the constitution shall be ratified ? How
can we change tho method of its ratification?
That is as much the act of the people as the con-
stitution itself; and when we insist that Congress
shall change the method of ratification, we assume
to ourselves the right to make the constitution.
That, therefore, we cannot do. But over what
question have we ample and complete authority?
Over the question of admission. That is our ques-
tion; that is reposed in us by the Constitution of
the United States. And, consequently, when it
was stated, at an early period of this debute, that
Kansas came here with a petition in her hands, I
put the question, what is the petition for? Not
to approve her constitution, not to ratify her con-
stitution, not to amend her constitution. That is
not the prayer of her petition. What is it? She
petitions to be admitted into tho Union as a State:
that is her petition—nothingelse. We can grant
her petition, or we can refuse it. We can refuse
it without any reference to her constitution. We
may refuse it because she has not the population
which we deem requisite. We may refuse it be-
cause we think the boundaries she proposes are
improper. We may refuse it because we believe
that the admission into the Union of this Terri-
tory as a State will disturb the peaceable relations
of the other States, or shock the public sense of
morals and decency. Why, sir, you have on your
table a proposed constitution from Utah, and if it
were on its face entirely unobjectionable, I would
not vote to admit that Territory into the Union as
a State. 1 would vote on that question wholly
re«aid!ess of what her constitution contained or
omitted. J would vote against it because I do
