1858.
formed of the fact by a number of gentlemen who
saw the pictures mutilated after the regiment
passed along. I cannot say what regiment did it,
but it was a regiment of volunteers. The regular
Army would not have done such a thing.
The Senator from Tennessee proposes to raise
volunteers. I object to volunteers. I do not think
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE."
.^±Llln,CGLi3. 1 UU Jim UI1I1K
they are the right sort of troops to send to Utah.
The Senator thinks the Mormons of Utah will
not fight, and other gentlemen have expressed that
opin ion. That is not the opinion of the President,
or he would not call for the additional regiments.
It is not the opinion of General Scott; it is not
the opinion of the Secretary of War; it is not the
opinion of Colonel Johnston, who has now com-
mand of the Utah army, and who certainly has
better means of information, and whose judgment
is more to be relied upon than that even of the
Senator from Tennessee, or mine, or any other
Senator on this floor. Those men all believe the
Mormons are prepared to fight; and I believe they
will. There is only one contingency in which
they will not fight. If you increase your Army
and send a respectable force into Utah, a force
that will strike the Mormons with the idea of the
uselessness of resistance on their part, they will
not resist; but my word for it, if you send a small
force, such as Colonel Johnston now has, and
such as it is proposed to reinforce him with, so
far as we have any indication of the reinforce-
ment to be sent to him, they will fight, and, in
my opinion, fight desperately, and probably fight
successfully. If, however, you send four or five
thousand well disciplined troops, it is possible
that the Mormons will give way and not fight,
and then the effusion of blood will be spared; but
if you send a small army even of regulars, and
more especially if you send raw militia from Ten-
nessee or elsewhere, I give you my word for it
they will fight, and then fight successfully. Of
what effect are raw troops, undisciplined militia,
in the field? Of what use will they be against the
Mormon army, an army that has able officers, that
is well armed and equipped, and that will be by
the coming June, at the time our troops are to
enter the Territory, as well disciplined as any
members of your regular Army? Are these peo-
ple to be despised ? Are they to be overcome with
i.iw militia taken from their homes without dis-
cipline, with officers without experience, who go
there to fight these men intrenched behind barri-
cades and fortifications; men who pick their own
ground, who select their own battle-places' Do
you suppose that troops like these, even valiant
Tennesseeans, can withstand the Mormon forces
under such circumstances? No, sir; nothing but
displace and disaster will attend them.
If you want to putdown the Mormon rebellion
without bloodshed, you must send to Utah a large
and imposing aimy of regular troops, who will
overawe the Mormons and drive them into obe-
dience. If you do that they will not fight. If you
do not do it they will fight, and we know the ad-
"v an (age possessed by troops who select their own
fighting ground. In the battle of Buena Vista,
General Taylor, with four thousand American
troops, overcame an army of twenty thousand
Mexicans; and why ? If he had been out on the
open field he would have stood 110 earthly chance
to win that battle; but he selected his own ground,
and the advantage of his position was erjual to
more than three times the number of troops which
heeomrnanded. So with the Mormons. Sendyour
troops to TTtnh, and you have to fight under the
greatest disadvantages. You have to meet fresh
disciplined troops; men well armed and equipped;
men who are fighting for their firesides, for then-
country, for their religion; men who will fight
bravely and desperately, m my opinion; and if
you do not take great care, will fight successfully.
I would not intrust this war to volunteers. I be-
lieve the result will be nothing but disaster and
defeat to your army if you intrust it alone to vol-
unteer forces.
uut, sir, the Senator from Tennessee proposes
to send volunteers, and to make a contract to whip
tae Mormons for one half of what it will cost the
u-overnment. We heard yesterday a long disser-
tation from the Senator from Tennessee on the sub-
ject of Mornjon morality; and judging from the
tone and temper of his remarks on that occasion,
I Should say that he has not the most exalted ob-
jection to the Mormon practices. He entered into
a somewhatlabored defense of Mormon morality.
i Weil, sir, that is a matter of taste, and de gusli-
j bus non est disputandum. I shall make no point
, with the gentleman on that subject; but I will take
j occasion to say this: that if I understood the sen-
; timentsof the Senator, and if his constituents en-
tertain similar opinions, they are the last men in
the world who should be sent to quell the Mor-
mons; for,instead of whippingtheMormons, they
would be very apt to join them—especially if
Bngnam Young should be able to offer them half
a dozen wives apiece. [Laughter.] I apprehend
it will be a long while before the Mormon rebel-
lion will be crushed if Tennesseeans are sent there
with the sentiments which seem to have been
elicited from the mouth of the Senator yesterday.
I do not pretend to say that these are his genuine
sentiments; I only infer them from the tenor of
Ins remarks. I want to put down the Mormon
rebellion. I want to crush this impudent and in-
famous insurrection which has raised its crest in
Utah. As long as you have a Government, the
laws cnacted under the Constitution ought to be
enforced everywhere; and, if necessary, at the
point of the bayonet, if you cannot do it in any
other way. I am one of the last men who would
attempt to enforce an unconstitutional law any-
where; but a law thatis borne out by the Consti-
tution—a legal enactment of Congress—ought to
be enforced everywhere where the Constitution
authorizes it to go. The dignity of your country,
the honor of your Government is broken down,
destroyed, and worthless, unless you enforce your
laws. The Mormons, we know, have put at de-
fiance the laws of the United States; they have
driven your officers from the Territory; they say
that they will not obey the laws of the United
States; and they have an armed force now for the
purpose of vindicating the position which they
have taken. -They have set up an irtiperiwn in
impeiio—a government within a government; they
say that their government shall rule, and that the
President of the United States shall not enfoice
the laws of the United States within their Teiri-
tory. I am for putting down this rebellion; but
not by the employment of volunteers—not even
; by the employment of the valiant and brave vol-
unteers from Tennessee.
Why, sir, from the way the Senator from Ten-
nessee taiksabouthisTenuessee militia, one would
suppose that a few regiments of Tennessee mili-
tia could go to Utah and swallow the Mormons
at a single mouthful: eat them up at once. Sir, I
should have no earthly objection to that. I should
have no objection to the Tennesseeans going there,
and eating up all the Mormons—the women as
well as the men; provided, however, that they do
not eat up the Treasury; but my opinion is, that
in eating up the Moi mons, they will eat up the
Treasury, and instead of an annual expense of
. seventy millions,_ we shall have a bill of a hundred
; millions a year, if we send four thousand volun-
! teers to Utah. That is my opinion.
Mr. President, I am opposod entirely to the use
of volunteers. I believe they aie much more
expensive and infinitely less eiticicnt than regu-
lar troops. If you wish to diminish the expenses
of the Army, if you wish to keep down the ex-
traordinary expenses of your military operations
( against which gentlemen have so much cried out
| in' this debate, you must increase your regular
| forces and cut down the volunteer force you are
, driven to call into the field; you must increase
; the regular Army and obviate the necessity of call-
j nig for militia. When you do this, the expense
| of your military cstablishmentwill be diminished;
; but until this is done, until the necessity for vol-
i unteers is entirely obviated by a sufncientincrease
of your Army, the extraordinary expenditures
for your Army must go on increasing every year
of your national existence; because you must have
your frontiers protected; you must have your gar-
risons and your tortiiications manned; you must
have the lives and property of your people pro-
tected in passing from one portion of the country
to the other. These are necessary things which
the brovernment cannot do without; these are du-
ties which the Government is compelled by every
sense of obligation, of honor, and of duty to it-
self and its people, to perform.
These are my opinions. I did not intend to
occupy the attention of the Senate so long as I
have; but, believing as I do, that this is the very
worst form in which you can send troops any-
where for the service of the Government, 1 trust
7m
the motion to substitute a volunteer force for a reg-
ular force will not be adopted.
While I am up, I will make a remark in relation
to the proposition of the Senator from Virginia
That proposes to add three regiments, and with
a subsequent amendment which he will present,
and which has been drawn up by the chairman of
tke Committee on Military Affairs, it will obviate
the necessity of adding any new field officers to
the regiments. The only difference then between
that bill and the one of the committee will be that
the committee propose to add thirty companies to
the existing regiments, and his proposition is to
add three regiments without additional field offi-
cers because he proposes to take field officers from
the line of the Army. That amendment h as not
yet been presented, but the Senator from Virginia
has it in his possession to offer. I am authorized
to say by the chairman of the Committee onMil-
itary Affairs that he will yield to that amendment
of the Senator from Virginia.. I am also willing
to take it. Although I believe that the proposition
of the committee to add thirty companies to the
existing regiments is a better one, yet for the sake •
of harmony and conciliation andtogetthc increase
of the Army which I think is absolutely necessary
for this occasion at least, if not for future time, I
am willing to waive my predilections as the chair-
man is willing to waive hjs, and I accept the propo-
sition of the Senator from Virginia. We shall
vote for that when it comes up, and if that does not
pass we shall insist on the passage of our original
bill as amended by the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, if there ever
was a bill that was well debated, I think this must
be that one; and if there is anything in the art of
war, or the art of peace, or any question of civil
government, or even ecclesiastical organization,
that could have any relation to the subject, and
has not been presented, I am entirely unable to
specify the omission. I therefore do not intend
to detain the Senate with' any further debate upon
the subject, than simply to state, as bnelly as I
can, the votes 1 shall give in the present aspect of
the case, with the reasons upon which they are
founded. In doing so, I shall not stop to answor
the reflections which have been made here upon
the positions which I have assumed. It is a long
time since I found out that if I took good care to
state my own positions and views accurately, I
had very little reason to apprehend that I should
be misunderstood, by allowing misapprehensions
of my positions to go uncorrected. On the first
day of the session of Congress, the President of
the United States informed us, in regard to the
Territory of Utah, that—
" Brigham Young was appointed the firstOovernor on the
20th Septembei, ]8.50, and has held the office over sineo.
Whilst Governor Young has been both Governor and ;,u
peuntendent of Indian affairs throughout this period, lie
ha--? been at the same tunc the head of the chuich called the
Latter-Day Samts, and professes to govern its niemhprs and
dispose of their piopetty by direct mediation and authority
irom the Almighty. His power has been, thcrei'oie, abso-
lute over Ohuioh and State.
" The people of Utah, almost exclusively, belong to this
church ; and believing with a fanatical spii^t that he is Gov-
ernor of the Territory by Divine appointment, they obevhis
commands as if these woie direct revelations from Heaven.
It, therefore, he chooses that his government shall conic
into collision with the Government of the United States,
the mombcis of the Mormon church will yield implicit obe-
dience to his will. Unfortunately, existing facts leave bar
lutle doubt that such is his determination. Without enter-
ing upon a minute history of occurrences, it is sufficient to
say that all the officers of the United States, judicial and
executive, with the single exception of two Indian agents,
have found it necessary for their own personal safety to
withdraw from the Territory, and there no longer lemains
any covernment in Utah, but tlie despotism of Bri^ha-n
Young. This being the condition of affairs in the Territory5
I could not mistake the path of duty. At> Chief Executive
"Magistrate, I was bound to re«tore the supremacy of the
Constitution and laws within its limits. In order to effect
this purpose. T appointed a new Governor and other Federal
officers for Utah, and sent with them a military foice for their
protection, and to aid as a posse comitatus, in case of need,
in the execution of the laws."
Sir, I never knew what was to be in that mes-
sage; but so g.oon as I heard it pronounced, I rose
in my place, and said that I should sustain to the
utmost of my ability and judgment the President
of the United States in restoring the supremacy
of the laws in Utah. I have thus far maintained
the position which I then assumed, which I think
was loyal, and which I think was dictated by a due
regard to the ultimate preservation of this Union.
X deem the question thus important. I apprehend
little disturbance hereafter in the States. Tiie
troubles in every extended empire are in the prov-
jL
