2874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
id& objects to my resolution, I shall withdraw it;
but I think, if he looks at it, there will be no ob-
jection to it.
Mr. YTJLEE. I do not know that I shall object
to it; but 1 want to look at it, bccause it appears
to me to contain an attack on the Postmaster
General.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw my resolution
as an amendment, and I shall offer it as a separate
resolution.
Mr. BIGLER. I am anxious that the question
should be disposed of, and I am anxious that the
communication of the Postmaster General should
be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will-
bring the attention of the Senate to that, as soon
as the question is taken on the resolution of the
Senator from California.
The resolution was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is suggested that
the Committee on Printing be discharged from
the further consideration of the communication
of the Post Office Department, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. If there be no objection, it will be
so ordered. The Chair hears no objection. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now present my reso-
lution as a separate one; and as I understand the
Senator from Florida objects to its consideration,
•it can lie over until to morrow, and in the mean
time he can examine it.
Mr. YULEE * I wish to look at it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
lie over.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. All^n, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 399) for the
relief of certain purchasers of lands within the
Choctaw cession of 1830; and a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 37) in regard to the carrying the Uni-
ted Stales mails from St. Joseph. Missouri, to
Placerville, California; m which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested.
DAVID MYERLE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am exceedingly reluctant
ever to occupy the floor, as there is so much anx-
iety to push forward business at this stage of the
session; but I feel it a duty incumbent on me on
this occasion to make a motion. An individual
whom I have seen here for the last twelve years,
who is worn down from anxiety and watching-,
and has absolutely become blind, so that he can
hardly grope his way about tins Capitol, in vain
seeking redress, still remains before you. I de-
sire, before I leave, to make at least one effort, if
possible, to obtain for him, through the voice of
the Senate, relief from the grievances which he
has endured; and, therefore, 1 move to take up
Senate bill (No. 120) for the relief of David
Myerle.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think, in fact I know,
that there is not another bill on the Private Cal-
endar which would induce tne to interpose a word
in favor of taking it up, at this period of the ses-
sion; but this is on exception m my own mind.
I have supported the movements and the wishes
of the Senator who stands at the head of the Com-
mittee on Finance, m eveiy case, fiom my strong
convictions of the necessity of finishmg the busi-
ness intrusted to his charge, but 1 have been so
much impressed, by an actual examination of the
case, of the extreme juati e of the claim of Mr.
Myerle—and I had occasion to examine it as a
member of the Committed on Claims a few years
ago—and so much more impressed with the pecu-
liar condition of the man and the necessity of
doing; something for his relief, (which relief I
think to be demanded absolutely from the justice
of the Government from my knowledge of the
claim,) that I cannot help adding that I hope the
Senate will take up this bill and pass it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senate will not take
it up. This case has been before Congress for
not less than twelve or fifteen years. It has been
again and again discussed in the House of Rep-
resentatives, and I believe uniformly rejected. I
once had occasion to examine it and I know that
several times when it was discussed there, it was
rejected
'Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very confident that
the Senator is entirely mistaken. The bill has
been passed by the House of Representatives
several times, and has been passed by the Senate
several times, and I am well informed that it
never was rejected but once, and that was when
it had passed the House of Representatives for a
given sum and the Senate reduced that sum and
sent it back, and then the House laid it on the
table, "because they were unwilling to take the
small sum the Senate allowed.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator is greatly mis-
taken as to that, for I know that,this matter has
been distinctly contested. It is a Kentucky case
with which the gentlemen from that State are fa-
miliar. I was thoroughly satisfied when it was
formerly before Congress, from the arguments of
those who understood it, that it ought not to be
paid. I believe it has also gone to the Court of
Claims, and has been rejected there. What pecu-
liar merit a case, that has been discussed time
after time, and has never been passed by Con-
gress; that has beep- sent to the Court of Claims
and rejected by them, should have for being taken
up here to the exclusion of public business, 1 can-
not imagine. It seems to me that if there is a single
case on the Calendar that ought not to be taken
up, this is the very one. It has not been neglected.
It has been again and again considered. Even
according to the account of the Senator from
Maine, it has been controverted between the two
Houses yearafteryear. I know ithas been pend-
ing for many years, but the precise disposition of
it on every occasion I do not know. It has been
year after year strenuously, and satisfactorily to
my mind, opposed by those best acquainted with
it—the gentlemen in the oilier House fiom Ken-
tucky—who showed that there is not the least
shadow of foundation in justice for the claim. The
only thing that gave itany validity were some let-
ters from a gentleman who seems to be very kind
in the matter, and who was Secretary of the Navy
at the time Myerle made his contract. It seems
that he writes a new letter whenever one is wanted,
and is strongly impressed with the justice of the
claim. I allude to Mr. Paulding. I do not see
why we should now take up this case which has
been again and again contested,and has been re-
jected by the Courtof Claims. If the bill had been
brought before ua at an earlier period of the ses-
sion, it could have been looked into and exam-
ined; but that is now impossible. I think itcan
claim no priority in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator is
mistaken; and he thinks I am. There is, how-
ever, one point which lie cannot dispute, and that
is, that the claim has had no less than twelve fa-
vorable reports from committees of the Senate
and House of Representatives.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. This is a
Kentucky case, and I know all about it, and the
tradition of it historically and personally. The
opposition to paying David Myerle, after making
his hemp experiments under a contract with Sec-
retary Paulding, has been on account of a con-
test between men m Kentucky as to whom £hc
money ought to be paid. Myerle's creditors came
heie and fought with him, making Congress a
sort of chancery court, they trying to attach the
proceeds. That Myerje had an equitable case
against the Government was never disputed, but
the contest was between him and his creditors as
to who should have the money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is undoubtedly the case
that there has been an opposition to the claim
from Kentucky. What it arose from I do not
know, and will not undertake to say; but cer-
tainly this claim has had from committees of the
Senate and House of Representatives no less than
twelve favorable reports. It unquestionably has
been decided favorably on by the Senate several
times, and by the House of Representatives sev-
eral times, but has never passed both Houses at
the same session.
The Senatorfrom Georgia asks why was not the
bill taken up earlier* It has never been reached
upon the Calendar; and there being objection to
it, it could not be taken up. I speak of it simply
from the impressions made on my own mind. I
knew nothing of the case until I became a member
of the Committee on Claims at the last Congress.
I then had occasion to examine it and examine
it carefully, and I came to the conclusion fchat if
there ever was a case which appealed strongly,
forcibly, almost unanswerably * and irresistibly,
to the equitable consideration of Congress, it waa
the claim of David Myerle. I became perfectly
satisfied that he had been ruined in the service of
the Government, and in a service undertaken at
the express request of an officer of the Govern-
ment. It is a fact, that with such a claim before
Congress, thus passed upon, thus reported favor-
ably upon, thus adopted several times by each
House of Congress, but never at the same session
by both Houses of Congress—and therefore never
technically by Congress, orit would have become
a law—he has grown old and poor and blind; and
with such a case presenting itself to the consider-
ation of Congress, I think at no time should Con-
gress refuse to hear it and pass upon it. 11 is said
that it has been reported upon unfavorably by the
Court of Claims. I granjt that the Court of Claims
reported that he had no legal claim upon the Gov-
ernment, on the technical ground that the Secre-
tary of the Navy, who employed him and who
promised that he should be paid, had no authority
from Congress to make the promise, and there
was, therefore, no legal obligation on the Govern-
ment; but the court accompanied that rejection of
the claim on a point of law, with an express rec-
ommendation of it, on the ground of its great
equity, as appealing to the equitable consideration
of Congress. Under these circumstances, I think
it is a claim that appeals to the justice of the
country for consideration and action.
Mr. TOOMBS. The foundation of the gentle-
man's support of this claim I know to be errone-
ous. As to Myerle .having been ruined by the
Government, I know that the facts, as demon-
strated by the evidence, show that he was totally
insolvent, and executions were out against him
when he started m the business; and the very
hemp which he bought was never paid for. He
owed the Kentucky creditors for it, and has owed
them ever since. Those facts were established in
the discussion in the House of Representatives.
Mr. CLAY. I do not rise to debate the merits
of this question, and I will remark, with due def-
erence to the Senators who have spoken, that I
think they were all out of order in discussing the
meiits of the bill on the motion to take it up. I
simply wish to suggest, that whether this be a
good or a bad claim, a just or an unjust one, it
will consume all this day in debate, if it is taken
up. It is an old customer with which I am well
acquainted, and it will not pass the Senate with-
out an elaborate discussion. After the appropri-
ation bills shall have been disposed of, 1 will not
object to taking up this bill, and indeed I will
then aid in taking it up, although [ expect to vote
against it; bt\t until the appropriation bills are
passed, I trust we shall not take up this bill, which
will certainly defer any action on them for at least
this day.
Mr. GREEN. I agree most heartily with what
was said by the Senator frorh Maine. I differ
fiom the Senator from Alabama in his suggestion.
If the case be such an old customer as he sug-
gests, so well understood, so well investigated, I
see no necessity for any further discussion, but
let the majority of the Senate express their opin-
ion at once—let us vote. If we all know so much
about it each Senator doubtless has formed his
opinion. Then let us take up the bill and vote on
it without saying a single word.
Mr. HUN fER. I suppose that if it be taken
up it will at one o'clock yield to the special order,
i [Certainly.]
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
120) for the relief of David Myerle was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
j the Whole.
It proposes to d irect the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to David Myerle the yum of $44,400,
for losses, sacrifices, and expenses incurred by
him in testing and establishing the practicability
and safety of the process of water-rotting hemp,
under the direction of the Navy Department.
Mr. SEIDELL. Let us hear the report.
The Secretary read the following report made
by Mr. Mallory, on the 3d of February last:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred the
case of David Myeiie, reported irom the Court of Claims,
Unanimously roport:
The claim was fiist presented to the Senate by the me-
monal of the claimant at the tir^t session of the Tvventy-
Ei«hth Congiesjb, and has, been continuously prosecuted to
tiiw lime.
The nature of the claim is shown by the evidence taken
before the Courtof Claims, and which is briefly recited in
the deci&itfn of the court as showing the nature of the ar-
