1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
myself right,I think it proper forme to say a few
won is m regard to my position, and the difficulties
1 have encountered in coming to a conclusion on
this question. Jn the first place, I understand,
from the indications we have had in the Senate,
that it is the settled judgment of this body that
there ought to be some increase of the military
force, in the next place, I believe it to be the set-
tled judgment of the Senate that that increase of
the military force should be temporary in its char-
acter, and intended to meet the emergency that
has now, as we all think, arisen on account of the
necessity of maintaining the Constitution and the
laws of the United States in the Territory of Utah.
I have arrived at the conclusion that we need no
additional force, except of a temporary character,
to suppress the insurrection in Utah.
The first inquiry that presents itself is, from
what authority have we the best information as
to the kind of force we ought to raise? The Pres-
ident has suggested the raising of four additional
regiments of regulars; and the Secretary of War
has suggested the raising of five regiments. These
propositions were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs of the Senate, who must be pre-
sumed to have the best information on the subject.
That committee has reported a bill which has un-
dergone revision in the Senate, and has been cut
down to almost nothing. They differ in opinion
from the President and the Secretary of War as
to the character of the force that ought to be raised.
The bill before the Senate, the proposition of the
Committee on Military Affairs, is now reduced to
a simple measure for raising thirty companies—
two additional companies for each of the fifteen
regiments of the Army. The Senator from Ten-
nessee has proposed an amendment m the nature
of a substitute, striking out the whole of the bill
and inserting a measure which provides for rais-
ing a larger force, in the shape of volunteers, than
the bill proposes, and to that our attention is in-
vited. Behind that is another proposition which
has not yot been offered, but has been suggested
by the Senator from Virginia; and that is to raise
three additional regiments of regulars.
I confess that I have some difficulty m my mind
because of the different shapes the question has
assumed m Us progress through the Senate. In
the first instance, the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, in whom I confide with a great deal of con-
fidence as to the best mode of raising a force for
this emergency, reported the original bill with two
sections, each of which provided for increasing
the Army. The committee then retired the second .
section of the bill—the section winch I had thought |
of voting for in preference to the first; but after
the remarks of the honorable chairman of that
committee last week, I concluded that he had
better information on the subject, and that as the
committee wished to retire the second section, I
would vote for the first section with a proviso,
making the increase proposed by it temporary m
its character; but now I understand from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs that after the debate,
and in consequence of the information which has
been elicited from all sides of the Chamber, they
are willing to adopt m place of their bill the prop-
osition of the Senator from Virginia.
I am brought, then, to the conclusion that I must
vote either for the proposition of the Senator from
Tennessee, or for that of the Senator from Vir-
ginia; and to enable me to get at the proposition
of the Senator from Virginia, I must of course
vote against the substitute "offered by the Senator
from Tennessee, which is now pending. I do
this, expressing at the same time my entire con-
fidence m the militia, the volunteer force of the
country, to do any military service that may be
required of them. But the point is, whether, for
the particular service for which a force is now
needed, volunteers will be the most effective, or
whether it is better to adopt the suggestion of the
Senator from Virginia to raise a temporary reg-
ular force ?
It has occurred to me, on a comparison of the
two propositions, that that of the Senator from
Virginia is to be preferred. Both provide only
for a temporary increase; and now nobody goes
for a permanent increase of the Army. At any
rate, the judgment of the Senate is against a per-
manent increase. Some individual Senators may
prefer a measure of that kind; but I am looking
at the question in a practical point of view. The
increase is to be temporary merely. Then, if I
understand the proposition of the Senator from
Tennessee, thereisto be byit,not only an increase
of four thousand men, organized in regiments,
but there is to be an increase of all the officers
necessary to officer those regiments. This is to
be done by the men themselves electing their offi-
cers. The proposition of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, instead of providing for four thousand men,
provides only for raising upwards of two thou-
sand, and they are to be put in regiments, and the
officers to take command of those regiments are to
be detailed by the President of the United States
from the present regular Army; so that, if his
proposition prevails, we are to have no increase
of officers, but an increase of privates only, and
an increase of privates not to exceed two thousand
four hundred men. The proposition of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, however, is to increase the
Army four thousand men, and to have a sufficient
number of additional officers to officer four regi-
ments.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state to my friend that
my proposition will be that there shall be no new
field officers, but that they shall be detailed; and
that the President may, if he chooses, detail all
under field officers, from captain down; but not
necessarily constraining him to do so.
Mr. BiGGS. That is what I understand, and
that is one difficulty I had in my mind; and on
that point I desire to obtain information from the
Committee on Military Affairs, or any gentleman
who can give me the information. I desire to
know whether or not wc have in the Army at the
present time a sufficient number of officers to offi-
cer three more regiments? If we have, it seems
to me that the- proposition of the Senator from
Virginia is much to be preferred to the amend-
ment now pending. It is to be preferred for sev-
eral reasons. So far as the question of efficiency
is concerned, it is to be preferred; for it must be
evident that officers who have gone through a
regular military training are much more compe-
tent to take charge of new regiments than volun-
teer officers just coming into the service.
But there is another and very important con-
sideration which, it seems to me, makes the prop-
osition of the Senator from Virginia preferable to
that of the Senator from Tennessee. It is, that we
get rid of the payment of the officers of the three
regiments, so far as the expense of raising the
regiments is concerned, which is a very important
item. I understand (though on this point I may
be in error, and, if so, I desire to be corrected)
that the greater portion of the expense of raising
regiments results from the payments we have to
make to the officers. The Senator from Virginia
proposes to officer the new regiments by detailing
persons now in the service, and now in the pay
of the Government.
Then, it being intended to be a temporary meas-
ure only, and it being suggested by the President
of the United States, by the Secretary of War, by
the Committee on Military Affairs, by all who
have the best means of knowing how this force
ought to be raised, and how it will be most efficient
for the service required, that it is proper to raise
regulars, I shall most unquestionably vote for the
proposition of the Senator from Virginia in pref-
erence to that of the Senator from Tennessee. To
enable me to do so, 1 shall have to vote against
the amendment of the Senator from Tennessee,
although originally I was for the proposition of
the Military Committee, to raise additional com-
panies.
It is a matter of vast importance, while we ob-
tain an efficient force, that it be such a force as
will cost as little as possible to the country. I
am not one of those who will count dollars and
cents where the necessities of the Government
require that the honor of the country or the laws
of the country shall be vindicated; but I appre-
hend the settled judgment of the Senate, after hear-
ing all that has been said on this subject, is that
an additional force of three regiments is sufficient
for all the present exigencies of the public service;
and if m doing this we can get the best force at
iess cost to the Treasury, I think the time has
arrived in the present situation of thepublic Treas-
ury when we should adopt that which shall cost
the Government the least.
I am gratified at one portion of this debate
which contemplates some little reduction in the
public expenditures. From what I had seen
in the Senate and the Congress of the United
States, I had supposed that discussions on re-
trenchment and economy had become rather ob-
solete. I am gratified to find that the Senator from
Tennessee has introduced that question here; and
I ask him maturely to consider the two proposi-
tions before the Senate in an economical point of
view, so far as expenditure is concerned. Until
I heard the remarks of the Senator from Georgia,
it was my intention to move to recommit thisbill
to the Committee on Military Affairs with a view
of obtaining from them the lights of their experi-
ence and their military knowledge as to these
various propositions. Now I understand the Sen-
ator from Georgia to say that the Committee on-
Military Affairs prefer to adopt the proposition
of the Senator from Virginia.
I am glad that we are to have some assistance
from the Senator from Tennessee, who has just
come into the Senate, in restoring the reign of econ-
omy in this Government. I entirely adopt one
maxim which he has laid down for his guidance,,
that " the revenue of the State is the State." I
wish to make that impressive, so far as I can, upon
the Senator from Tennessee himself, for future
reference and future action; because, if I under-
stand the Senator's position, he proposes to vio-
late that cardinal maxim in an important point in
which my constituents are deeply interested. I
refer to it now, so that we may stick a pin there
for future action in the Senate of the UnitedStat.es.
" The revenue of the State is the State in effect;"
and I hope that will be remembered when the
celebrated measure which has been pressed so
earnestly in Congress heretofore, and- which at
the present time is in the special charge of the
Senator from Tennessee, ana which proposes to
take away a very large branch of the public rev-
enue for the purpose of distributing it to individ-
als throughout the country, shall come up for
consideration.
Mr. WILSON. I understand the Senator from
North Carolina to state that the Committee on
Military Affairs have assented to the proposition
of the Senator from Virginia. Am I right?
Mr. BIGGS. I understood the Senator from
Georgia, in the remarks which he made to-day,
to say that the Committee on Military Affairs
preferred that proposition to the amendment of
the Senator from Tennessee, and were willing to
acquiesce in it in place of the bill reported by
them.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from North
Carolina is somewhat mistaken as to the purport
of my remark. I did not say that the Committee
on Military Affairs had agreed to the proposition
of the Senator from Virginia, but I said the chair-
man and myself had. I stated that I had con-
sulted the chairman on the subject, and that he
was willing, as a matter of conciliation and com-
promise, to agree to the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Virginia. He believes, as I do, that the
bill of the committee is better than that of the
Senator from Virginia. We believe it is better to
add thirty companies to the existing regiments,
than to form three new regiments; but as the
chairman understood from the Senator from Vir-
ginia that there were several gentlemen opposed
to the original bill who were willing to take his
proposition, we were disposed to consent to it in
order that we might obtain as large a support for
the measure as possible. Wc still, however, en-
tertain the opinion that the bill reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs for the addition of
thirty companies, is better than the proposition
of the Senator from Virginia; but we do not con-
sider it of any great importance whether there be
three regiments of ten companies each, or thirty
companies added to the existing regiments, more
especially if one provision of the proposition of
the Senator from Virginia be adopted, that no
new fieid-offiecrs shall be created, but that the old
officers of the line shall be assigned to duty in the
new regiments.
Mr. WILSON. I am satisfied with the ex-,
planation made by the Senator from Georgia; but
I wish it distinctly understood that the Committee
on Military Affairs-, as a committee, have taken no
action on that proposition, and the members of
the committee are divided in the Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. I will also add that anchor
gentleman, a member of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson,] accords with the chairman and myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair feels
