1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
yielded to that (with my protest against the insuf-
ficiency of the population then) on the false re-
ports of these Senators, and having agreed that
one constitution formed under its provisions might
be received without any question of population,
I stand here to dqy to redeem my promise, and to
vote toadmither, notwithstanding her insufficient
population, under a constitution which is the le-
gitimate offspring of the Toombs bill. But that
is as far as I have ever agreed to go, and that is
as far as I intend to go. If, as the Senator from
Michigan says, Kansas has but -forty thousand
people,it is bad enough for me, by my vote, to
seat two Senators on this floor representing a com-
munity with a less population than six or seven
wards of the city in which I reside.
But, sir, what I desire now to say to my re-
publican friends is this: do you honestly believe
that Kansas has not ninety-three thousand peo-
ple at this time ? Is that what the Senator from
New York [Mr. Seward] thinks? Is that what
all the rest of them think ? If so, it ought to ad-
monish the country; it ought to admonish those
who sit in the same Chamber with them, that lit-
erally no dependence is to be putin any of the
statements of fact usually made by these Senators
in relation to Kansas. Now, I intend to prove
what I have just asserted. On the 9th of April,
1856, the Senator from New York addressed the
Senate in support of the Topeka constitution; and
on that occasion he said:
"The constitution does not prescribe ninety-three thou-
sand seven bundled, or any other number of people, as ne-
ces.-cny to constitute a State. Besides, under the prestmt
ratio of increase, Kansas, whose population now is forty
thousand, will number one hundred thousand in a few
months. The point made concerning numbers is. therefore,
practically unimportant and frivolous."
This was on the 9th of April, 1856, two years
ago. "Where are the one hundred thousand peo-
ple who were to be in Kansas in a few months
from that day ? Where is your Free-Soil proph-
ecy ? I have another one—a prophecy and an as-
sertion of fact. The Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Scmneu,] on the 20th of May, 185G, deliv-
ered a speech on the same subject; and here is his
statement:
" It is objeoted that the population of Kansas i*: not suf-
ficient for a Stale ; and this objection is sustained by un-
dei-rockomrig ihoir numbers there, and exaggerating the
numbers required by piecedent. In the abserjeeof any re-
cent ceneus, it is impossible to do more than approximate
to ttie actual population: but. from oaieful inquity ofihe
best soutces, I am led to place it now at fifty thousand"—
it was only forty thousand on the 9th of April,
1856; on the 20th of May, it got up to fifty thou-
• sand—
" though l observe that a prudent authority, the Boston
Daily Advertiser, puts it as high as sixty thousand ; anil
while I speak, this remaikable population, fed by fresh em-
igration, is outstnpping oven these calculations. Nor can
tlieie be a doubt that, before tile assent of Congress can be
perfected in the oulinaiy coulee of legislation, this popula-
tion will swell to the large number of ninety-three thou-
sand four hundred and twenty, required in tlie bill of the
Senator ftom Illinois."
That was said nearly two years ago. Well,
sir, lias all this population got to Kansas? This
was the pretext made for forcing the Topeka
constitution through the Congress of the United
States. When they wanted Topeka carried, there
was no limit to their assertions of fact, or to their
imagination and their prophecies. Then Kansas
had forty, fifty, or sixty thousand; and she was
to have ninety-three thousand before the bill
passed the two Houses, and one hundred thou-
sand in a few months. When it comes to Le-
compton, whenever somebody else's bill comes
up, they object, because Kansas, two years after
all these statements and prophecies, has only forty
thousand people. Had she forty thousand then?
Had she those magnificent numbers promised us
by the Senators from Massachusetts and New
York two years ago? If she had, she has been
decreasing in population ever since. I think we
had better admit her very quickly, for after a while
there will not be anybody there at this enormous
rate of decrease.
This shows that when it comes to any assertion
of fact that it is necessaty for a political purpose,
there will be somebody to manufacture it, and
that even Senators representing the sovereign con-
stituencies of this TJmon will stand up here to as-
sert as true that which turns out to be a great per-
version. If Kansas lias but forty thousand people,
she ought not to come into this Union; but I will
vote for anything which is the legitimate deduc-
tion of the Toombs bill, because I consider my-
self committed to that proposition just as I con-
sider the Senator fromMichigan-committed to it.
We agreed to stand on the provisions of that bill.
It was no question whether that bill should pass
Congress or pass the Legislature. The question
was whether, if, under the safeguards and upon
the principles developed in that bill, a convention
of delegates should be chosen by the people, we
would abide by the result? I said I would abide
by it. I made no proviso to the effect that my
action would depend on the fact whether anybody
stayed away from the polls. You tBII look in vain
for that; but I supposed that if anybody stayed
away, of course the rule of law must apply that
those who do vote act for all. I will follow that
bill to the end; but I will follow no other. If it
be true, in spite of these magnificent promises
made here in April and May, 1856, on the faith
of which I voted for the Toombs bill, as others
did, that they were all delusive and false, and that
Kansas has not now the population they then
stated she had, I think she may well stay out of
the Union, and not be disturbing the whole of us
by the noise of a few thousand people out there
who are not able to sustain the burdens of a State
government.
I shall not detain the Senate much longer.
Who is to complain of this? I say that the ques-
tion submitted to Kansas is, " will you come into
the Union now?" Suppose she says, "no; I will
not come in. I will not come in because I do not
like the constitution;" or " because I want the
whole thirty millions of public lands which I have
claimed in my ordinance;" or " because I have not
enough population to bear the expenses of a State
government;" or for any reason, I do not care
what it is: then the question is, shall we author-
ize her at once to form a constitution with a view
to admission into the Union ? I say I will author-
ize her to do it when she has a sufficient popula-
tion. That is what we ought to have done in the
first place. That, 111 my judgment, is at the bot-
tom of all these tronblcs in Kansas. I said here
two years ago that 1 did not believe the question
of slavery or no slavery was the matter that agi-
tated most of the people in Kansas. They have j
j had land speculators and candidates for officc who
have been anxious to stimulate a small commu-
nity into the gigantic pioportions of a State, and
force her into the Union with a view to speculate
in the rise of land. If they are in earnest, they
will be glad to come in. It is a remarkable fact
that, those who were called by the Senator from
Massachusetts the oppressed people of Kansas,
are as industrious as can be in voting whenever
there is an election for officers. They could vote
at the election for members of the Territorial
Legislature, in October, 1857; they could vote for
members of the Legislature and State officers in
January, 1858; but whenever it comes to a ques-
tion that involves the matter of slavery, whether
it be an election of delegates to the constitutional
convention, or whether it be the vote upon the
seventh article, in December last, they are very
industriously absent.
But, sir, who is to complain of this requisite as
to population? Shall it be my honorable friend,
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas?] That
is his own proposition. 1 have before me a bill:
" In the Senate of the United States, March 17,1856:
"Mr. Douglas, ftom tlie Committee on Tenitoues, re-
ported the following bill: A hill to .authorize the people of
the Territory of Kansas to form a constitution and Stale gov-
ernment, preparatory to their admission into the Union when
they have the requisite population."
This bill of the Senator from Illinois provides
" That whenever it shall appear, bya census to be taken
. under the direction of the Governor, by the authority of the
Legislature, that tliere shall be ninety-three thousand four
hundred and twenty inhabitants (that bemgthe number le-
ijuired by the picsent ratio of representation lor a member
of Congress) within the limits hereinafter described in the
Territory of Kansas, the Legislature of said Territory shall
be, and is hereby, authorized to provide by law foi the elec-
tion of delegates by the people of saidTeuitory to assemble
in convention andfoim a constitution and State govern-
ment, preparatory to their admission into the Union on an
equal looting with the original States m all respects what-
soever."
That is the very provision of this bill. The
only objection is that we hove taken his own bill,
reported by him from the Committee on Territo-
ries. If it be said that that is too far back, or too
long ago, two years, let us come to alater period.
I have"before me an amendment presented to this
body on the 8th of April, 1858, by the Senator
from Illinois, from the Committee on Territories,
to the Arizona bill. The fourth section of that
amendment or substitute is:
" Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted. That whenever said
Territories [New Mexico and Arizona] shall contain asurti-
cient population to constitute a State—to wit: the number
required by the then ratio or repiesentation for a member
of Congress, to be ascertained by a census taken in pursu-
ance of law—the Legislature of said Territory may proceed
to call a convention for the purpose of forming a constitu-
tion of State government; which constitution shall be sub-
mitted to the people for ratification or rejection ; and if
ratified by a majority of the legal voters.in the limits of the
proposed State, bat not otherwise, may be sent to Congress
in the form of an application for admission into the Union
on an equal footing with the other States, with such bound-
aries as Congress shall prescribe. This section shall be, and
is hereby, incorporated into and made a part of the organic
law of each of the Territories of the United States, except
the Territory of Utah."
So that if you were to strike out the whole of
this very proposition of the committee of confer-
ence except so much of it as submits the question
of present admission to the people of Kansas, and
pass the Senator's Arizona bill, the effect would
be the same.
Mr. DOUGLAS. My friend from Ohio is un-
der some slight misapprehension in regard to my
views upon that question. I say to him now that
if he will strike out all about the Lecompton con-
stitution, and provide that neither Kansas nor any
other Territory of the United States shall form a
constitution and State government and come into
the Union until it has the requisite population for
a Representative to Congress, I will vote for it:
My objection is to saying to Kansas, " you may
come in with forty thousand if you take a consti-
tution you do not like; but you shall wait until
you have one hundred thousand unless you vote
for that particular constitution." If you will make
the rule general, apply it to Kansas and all other
Territories, I will vote for it to-day or any other
day.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I have said before
there is no such proposition made. There is no
proposition made to force them to come in or stay
out. Every Senator here knows that these grants
of public lands, which are said to be bribes, are
1 grants made m the case of every new State, and
1 that they will as certainly be made when Kansas
comes into the Union as if it were so provided
now. She must be a State before you can give
them to her, and that is the only reason why we
do not give them to her now in any event; and
hence I say that is an immaterial element in the
question. The real question is as the Senator
from Michigan stated it at the beginning of the
session. He said the people of Kansas might
not desire to come into the Union, and that they
might not desire to come in without the least ref-
erence to the Lecompton constitution. I say that
question I will put to the people: do you desire to
come in > If you come, you come in with a con-
stitution, and if you have any other constitution
than Lecompton, in God's name take it; but if
they have no other, and if they do not like it, they
will not come in; and if they do like it, they will
come in. That is the whole of it.
I bound myself—my friend from Illinois as well
as I—by voting, for the Toombs bill, that in any
constitution framed under the provisions of that
bill, I would waive the question of population, and
I never agreed to waive it for anything else; and
now, that the Toombs bill is expended, all its force
'gone—now that it has failed, by reason of the fact
that some of the people of Kansas would not vote
at an election where they could have fairly and
truly expressed their wishes; now that every argu-
ment of peace and conciliation and compromise
has been made to them, and not accepted; now
when a fair opportunity to become a State, with
full power and authority to rectify and amend all
their institutions in their own way as a sovereign
State, is offered; if they refuse that I fall back
where I was before the Toombs bill, following the
lead of my honorable friend from Illinois m his
bill to authorize them to form a constitution and
State government when they have the requisite
population. That is my position; and I state it
to the Senate in defense of the report of the com-
mittee of conference. I stated, as my objection
to the House bill, that I was willing to give the
people of Kansas, in any form in which 1 consti-
tutionally could do it, aright to vote for or against
Lecompton. I cannot remit the constitution to
them directly; I had no such power; but I was
willing to give them a right to speak by any form
in whieh I could do it consistsnt with the eonsti-
