1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mw
jai.
w
ents to offer from the Committee on the Post
'Office and Post Roads. The first is to insert as
an additional section:
Jlvd be it further enacted, That there shall be appointed !
by the President, with the consent of the Senate, a Fourth ;
Assistant Postmaster General, who shah receive the sam^ ,
compensation which is paid to each of the other Assistant |
Postmasters General; and the said Fourth Assistant Post- j
master General is hereby authorized to send and icceive
letters, packages, and other matters on official business,
through the mails, free of postase, subject to the same re-
strictions and penalties &•< the other Asnstanl Postmasters
General; and that the sum of .<$3,000 is hereby appropriated
for the salary of the said officer for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1859.
Inasmuch as the Department conceives it to be
very important indeed to the successful adminis-
tration of us business, that this provision should
be made at the present session, and inasmuch as
my repeated efforts to have it acted upon as a sep-
arate bill have been disappointed, so that it is now
too late to sccurc the passage of the necessary en- !
actment to create the office, if such should be the ,
Pleasure of the Senate, in time to be acted upon
y the House of Representatives, I have been di-
rected by the committee to move it as an amend-
ment to this bill. The necessity for it has been
heretofore explained on one or two occasions by
me. Since the subject was last before the Senate
I have made inquiry with respect to the increase
in the number of contracts since the organization
of 1836, and I find that the number of mail con-
tractors in 1836 was one thousand five hundred
and fifty, compared with six thousand five hun-
dred and seventy-six now; that there were in
1836 no mail agents, while there are now over two
thousand mail agents with whom this bureau, if
it may be so called, as it should be, is in constant
correspondence. The Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Coi.lamer,] whose experience in the De-
partment has enabled him to judge very well as
to the propriety and necessity of this addition to
its force, and whose judicious temper and mind
make his opinion of value to us, will be able to
say, and I hope he will do us the favor to say,
whether, in his opinion, it is desirable that the
wish of the Department should be gratified m the
appointment of this officer. I am sure it would
be agreeable to the Senate to hear from him on
the subject, as I know it will be to me.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I will, to
gratify the gentleman, state my convictions on the
subject, and give briefly the reasons for my opin-
ion. I should be pleased to have the attention of
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis.] 1 obseived that when the subject was
up before, he seemed to ho disposed to think that
this Assistant, being appointed by the President,
was rather inconsistent with his idea of the effi-
ciency of an Executive Department. 1 will say
that his views on the subject very much Jump
with my own. As a general principle, I think an
Executive Department should have an executive
head, and it should not have much, if any, checks
about it, except its own lesponsibihty. While a
man is at the head of an Executive Department
I think he should do his duty himself, do ir with
efficiency and decision, and feel responsible for
it at all times. When we come from Executive
Departments into the Senate, it is another affair.
Here we are peers, and have to furnish our pro-
portion of light, and get along with our peers as
we can. At the head of a Department, it is a dif-
ferent matter; and the Senator from Mississippi
is right in regard'to that. The Government, how-
ever, have thought otherwise; they have instituted
a different policy; they have done so in relation
to this Department; and they began it m some
other Departments before. They created an As-
sistant Secretary of State, not appointed by the
head of the Department, but by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate—
an independent officer. They did the same thing
with the Treasury Department. I suppose the
courtesy of the President permits the heads of
those Departments to be heard in the selection of
the Assistants, but in law they are not considered.
These officer* arc supposed by the Government
to be accessary, as a sort of watch or guard on
the action of the heads of Departments, as a spe-
cies of check and balance on the head m some
way or other. The same policy has been carried
into the Post Office Department. Formerly, the
three Assistant Postmasters General were ap-
pointed by the head of the Department, and were
removable by him; and, of course, the head of
the Department was always responsible for their,
action. The Government have taken those three
Assistant Postmasters General, and provided for
their appointment by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, Here I
cannot but say that I think this a very important
part of the case in the opinion [ am about to give
in relation to this Fourth Assistant; and I cannot
but think th$tif the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi would give me his attention, he would see
the propriety of this additional officer. Inasmuch
as they have three Assistants now, who are inde-
pendent officers, appointed by the President and
Senate, this is an important element m forming
an opinion upon the proposition before us.
That being the present condition of the Depart-
ment, it is attempted-to be shaped in its operations
on the principle which governs all accountable
Departments; that is, on a system of checks and
balances. If you let the same officer make con-
tracts, and say when the contractors shall have
their pay, you might as well open the Treasury
to him; there would be no check whatever upon
him. Therefore it is that the man who makes the
contract is never permitted, in that Department,
to say whether the contract has been executed
j and performed, so that the contractor can get his
pay. That is not allowed there, and should not
be anywhere. The inspection office, as itis called,
is founded on that principle. The Postmaster
General arranges his Assistants to the different
branches of the Department in his own way, and
the Second Assistant Postmaster General is at the
head of the contiact office. He makes all the con-
tracts, and 1 believe there are now about seven
thousand contracts for carrying the mails, besides
i contracts for mad bags, locks and keys, and half
I a dozen other things. In oider to enable a man
I to get pay on any of 1ns contracts, he must obtain
a certificate fiom the head of the inspection office
that he has performed the contract. In order to
enable the head of the inspection office to give that
certificate, the postmasters at the end of every
route are directed to make, and do make, regular
returns of the time of the arrival and departure
of the mails on the routes all over the United
States. These leturns are sent to the inspection
office, where there are now seventeen clerks at
work. They make up every man's account, by
which the head of the inspection office sees at the
end of the quarter whether the contractor has
performed his service, and he gives a certificate
accordingly, to enable him to get his pay.
Without describing that any more minutely, it
will be seen, I think, at once, that, m order to se-
cure the ends and purposes for which this arrange-
ment is made, you must have at the head of the
inspection office a man of the same rank, of the
same talent, of the same importance, of the same
pay, as the man who makes the contracts. The
honorable Senator from Mississippi perfectly
understands the necessity of the regular rank of
these men, m order that their action may have the
proper effect, upon each other. Otherwise, we lose
the check. The Assistant Postmaster General
I at the head of the contract office may say to the
clerk who is at the head of the inspection office,
" why do you not pay John Sales? 1 contracted
with John Stiles for such a thing to be done, but
he does not get his pay; why is that?5' " Oh,"
says he, " it is my business to inquire whether
that man has performed that contract. " The As-
sistant may reply to tins, " Will you just have
the goodness to mind your own business, and I
will mind mine ? You are nothing but a clerk; I
am an Assistant Postmaster General. I will make
your place here so hot that you cannot stay in it,
unless you mind my wishes." That is exactly
the condition of it at tliis moment. I do not say
that language is held; but 1 say the want of posi-
tion, the want of salar y, the want of appointment,
is such that the inspection office is now in the
hands of a mere clerk, and the Department has
nobody at its command of any higher rank whom
it can put at the head. The Department has a
couple of other Assistants. One of them is at the
head of the appointment office, which is as much
as he can attend to: and the other has charge of
the financial affairs of the Department, and that is
all he can possibly do. Now, for fourteen years
they have been putting at the head of the inspec-
tion office the chief clerk of the Department—the
highest officer the Department had to put there;
but yet he is of inferior rank, and the Postmaster
General is deprived of the proper uses and pur-
poses for which a chief clerk is put in the Depart-
ment. He has actually put him at the head of that
division of service; thus depriving the Depart-
ment really of a chief clerk. The want of the De-
partment is an officer at the head of the inspection
office of as high rank as the other assistants; so
as to be able to command a man of as m uch talent
to judge of these contracts, both at home and
abroad, and be enabled to see what is their prac-
tical construction; a good and efficient lawyer,
who would be enabled to say whether, in point
of fact and truth, and say it independently, a man
has performed his contract, and be enabled to
speak as one having authority, and not as the
scribes; for he is now a mere scribe.
Mr. DAVIS. The difference between the Sen-
ator fiom Vermont and myself in theory, if any,
is very small; it is rather m practice that he dis-
sents from the position which I occupied the other
day, and I am sorry that I cannot say I entirely
concur with the view he has now presented. His
argument is complete, if it be admitted that we
are to patch up an organization, which we both
admit to be bad. For instance, if an assistant
makes the contracts, and a clerk is the inspector,
the assistant has that power and control over the
clerk to which the Senator alludes. Equality of
rank is necessary to enable the check to operate
perfectly for the purpose for which it is instituted.
I think, however, the whole organization is bad.
I think that the head of the Department should
have all the responsibility of the Department, and
that whenever, from the extension of our country,
and from the increase of our population, it be-
comes impossible for a single head to perform the
duties of the Department, it should be divided—
not by putting irresponsible persons under the
head to perform duties which have increased be-
yond the power of a single individual, but by
; an absolute division, and marking responsibility
I when the division is made. In the Treasury De-
j partment there is an Assistant Secretary, and I
- have no doubt the Secretary of the Treasury is
I unable to perform all the duties of that Depart-
I ment, but I would prefer a division of it; and I
i think it could logically be made by leaving the
1 Secretary of the Tieawury all that relates to the
; raising and collection of revenue and separating
| from his Department all that relates to the dis-
\ burscmcnt of revenue. So in the State Depart-
| ment, you might separate all that belongs to the
| interior, as in reference to the Territories, the
j printing and publication of the laws; and if that
! does not sufficiently relieve the Department, send
! all which relates to consuls to a separate Depart-
! ment instituted for the purpose of taking charge
of that to which the single Secretary cannot at-
tend. In the Post Office Department why not
have the Postmaster General exercising a gen-
eral supervision, controlling the location of mail
routes, the general subject of the revenue of his
Department, with a bureau for contracts, and a bu-
reau to inspect the execution of contracts, and pay
the money when it was admitted the service had
been performed ? These divisions seem to be con-
sistent with reason, and each division which you
made would then have a head responsible to Con-
gress. You would not compel the head of a De-
pai tment to sign a paper which you admit before-
hand he has not time to examine, and the accu-
racy of which it is impossible for him to know,
and improper, therefore, that he should be held
responsible for. If the present organization is to
continue, if we are to have assistants not respons-
ible to the heads of Departments, but equally
charged with the responsibility in practice which
should belong to a separate and distinct organiza-
tion, then I admit this officer should be put on
the same footing with the rest. I would prefer
they should all be clerks, unless the Department
be too isage, and then that the Department should
be divided on some rational principle. I have no
further opposition to make to it.
: Mr. COLLAMER. That is, in fact, the con-
| dition of the Department. You have created these
■ assistants; they are there now, and the head of
i the Department cannotget rid of them. 1 do not
! know that he wishes to do so; at any late he ean-
j not. There they are. Now, what I insist upon
i is, that the head of the Department shall have an
; inspector of the same rank. The gentleman can-
| not but appreciate that, so long as this orgamza-
i tion continues, that is really important.
