768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
February 18.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am very _
to hear the Senator make the explanation,"Sis-
claiming any intention to impute cowardice either
to General Pillow, Colonel Haskell, or the men
whom they led up to this masked battery. There
are no troops on the face of the earth who could
have stood it. Those who are familiar with the
position say that the only alternative was to fall
back or to be mowed down where they stood. It
was the most impregnable poiotof the whole Mex-
ican line. There is no man, taking the history of
Tennessee and the facts connected with this par-
ticular transaction, who is disposed to be impar-
tial, who can entertain, for a moment, the belief
,that there was a want of bravery on the part of
the officers or men at this particular part of the
battle of Cerro Gordo.
I will now say, what I was going to state in
the absence of the gentleman's explanation, in
which he has entered a disclaimer, that if his in-
tention was to pass an imputation of cowardice
on the people of Tennessee, or her officers or
men, I~mu#. pronounce the imputation as wanton,
unjust, and unfounded in truth; but I am not re-
duced to that alternative. In the absence of the
explanation in which he has entered his dis-
claimer, and which I was proud to hear, I should
have pronounced the imputation as false, abso-
lutely false; and then as to the bravery of General
Pillow and Colonel Haskell and others who were
engaged in that contest, should have turned the
Senator over to them for demonstrations that
might have taken place in the future entirely sat-
isfactory to him.
Yes, Mr. President, I am proud of my adopted
State; and while here, or elsewhere if need be, 1
will vindicate her interest and her honor,let the con-
sequences be what they may. I love her institu-
tions; I am devoted'to her people; and I will speak
in strong language and upon high authority that
" Whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou
lodgest, I will lodge; thy people shall bo my peo-
ple, and thy God my God." I will stand by her
here, I will stand by her at home, as I have al-
ready said, come weal or come woe.
I now offer the Senate an apology for the re-
marks 1 have made on this subject; but 1 have
felt, under the circumstances, that I was called
upon to say this much in reference to the char-
acter, the reputation, and the military renown of
the people of Tennessee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn. We cannot got the vote to-day.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Bell, lirodenck, ClmntUer, ColUimf:r,
Dixon, Doolittlr, Douglas, Durkee, Fo^eiKleii, Foot, Fos-
ter„ Giieiij llunilm, fi.ulaiij Houston, Ivmg, Mat-on, Sew-
ard, Simmon's, Stuart,Thomson of NewJcr&ey, and Wado
 
NAYS— Allen, Bayaid, B15I01, Bright,
fit own, Clay, Cnttcndnu, LDvun^, Fitch, ilale, Hunter, Fvpr-
sou, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson o! Teiuie^'O, Jones,
IVarce, Polk, Pmrii, Slicioll, Toombs, Wilson,
WugUt, and Yulin.—2.3.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. I am very glad that the Sen-
ate has refused to adjourn, because it must be
evident that this question has detained the Senate
quite as long as it ought to do. I am not partic-
ularly tenacious that we shall have a final vote
to-day; but oortamly, in view of what lies before
us, we ought to come to a conclusion as to when
we are going to settle this Army question. If we
can adjourn with the full understanding that to-
morrow we are to conclude u and then adjourn,
as wo shall do, to Tuesday, beyond all question
from to-morrow, i am satisfied; but if we adjourn
now, it will be to Monday, to meet simply to ad-
journ again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we adjourn now, it
will be to to-morrow.
Mi. BROWN.- But you will meet to-morrow,
and will go on the same way, and do nothing.
You will meet to-morrow and have the same thing
over again, and adjourn without settling the ques-
tion. If we meet to-morrow to settle the question
—if it be the determination that we shall have no
further adjournment after to-day until we dispose
of the Army question—I am willing to adjourn;
but if we are to go on from day to day in this way,
the bill will.consume the whole session.
X beg Senators to consider that every day wasted
in the winter is a day of detention here during the
summer. We are wasting away now the pleas-
ant season, when we can legislate and transact
public business with comfort, to be detained here
when the hot days come. I do not want to do
it. For one, f am tired of adjourning over from
Thursday to Monday every week, when business
lies in our way undisposed of.
Here we have had this Army question for more
than a month. Let us get clear of it. If we are
going to increase the Army let us do it; but if we
are not going to do it, let us determine that we
will not, and take up something else. There is
no propriety in it, and the judgment of the coun-
try will not sustain this mode of doing business.
When the Administration is appealing to you to
say whether you will grant or refuse an increase
of the Army, you devote but four days a week to
the consideration of the question; give up two en-
tire days, and pass the subject over from week to
week until the spring, when it will be too late to
get these recruits for any practical or useful pur-
pose. The chairman of the committee has said
to the Senate time and time again, if you mean to
grant the additional troops, do it, and do it now.
If you do not mean to grant them, say so, so that
the Government can dispose of the force now pro-
vided for by law in the best possible maimer. If
you mean to say that there shall be no additional
regiment, let them make the best they can of what
they have; but if you mean to grant others, do it
at once.
I do not mean to say anything to my honored
friends from Tennessee and Georgia, but 1 do
think their speeches to-day would have been much
better suited to the latitude of Georgia and Ten-
nessee than here, in the present aspect of the
question. They were eloquent and able speeches
—such speeches as would have taken Georgia
and Tennessee perfectly captive; but I beg leave
to say to them that I think this boasting about
the chivalry of Georgia and the prowess of Ten-
nessee, is a little out of place here.
I am prepared to vote, and I dare say every
other Senator is, if you just give us a chance to
doit. {" Question, Gluestion." " Letusdoit."]
I am going to say but one word more. I am ut-
terly opposed to your volunteers. I am notgoing
to vote for volunteers in any form. If that is the
only way in which you are to have an increase of
the Army, I will have no increase of it. Now
allow me to state one or two reasons for it 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the .Sen-
ator allow me to interrupt him for a moment? I
wish to see him advocatc a distinct proposition
on this matter, and I suggest that we fix an hour
to-morrow when we shall have a vote, with the
understanding that the bill shall then be disposed
of. But, if gentlemen wish to continue the debate
further, let them go on this evening. I believe it
is the general scntimcntof the body,that there is
no necessity for debating the measure further.
Let us fix on one or two o'clock to-morrow for
taking the vote. Then the Senate will be full; at
present I believe the Senate is not full.
Several Senators. Let us vote now.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would prefer
to have the bill disposed of now, if that is the dis-
position of the Senate. If it is the disposition of
the Senate to reject the bill, let them do so, and
take the responsibility.
Mr. BROWN. If wo can have a vote without
further debate, I shall give my vote without as-
signing a reason for it, because I do not believe
the world is going to be much influenced by my
reasons. My reasons are satisfactory to myself,
but I do not care a sixpence whether the world
knows them or not. Just let us come to a vote,
and got clear of this bill. If the Senate will do
that, I have nothing to say. 1 will not insist on
a vote this evening, but I am opposed to an ad-
journment, unless it be with the understanding
that when we meet to-morrow we shall adjourn
no more until we have disposed of the Army
question. I see that Senators shake their heads.
Very well. If others can go on and give their
reasons why they are for this proposition and for
that, against this or against that, I shall claim the
privilege of doing the same thing.
Mr. HALE. Allow me to remind the Senator
that more than ten days ago, upon the suggestion
of the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, we adjourned, with an express under-
standing that we were to take the vote on the next
| day at two o'clock. If we do not get a vote now,
i we shall not get it for ten days to come.
I Mr. BROWN. Shall we sit it out this evening ?
i [" Yes, yes."] Then I will stop sneaking, and sit
i here until we settle the bill and dispose of it.
j -Mr. IVERSON. I think we ought not to take
I the question now, because one or two gentlemen,
I to my knowledge, have left the Senate and gone
| home, with the understanding that the question
, would not be taken to-day.
| Mr. BROWN. To-morrow somebody else will
, be away, and the next day somebody else, and so
we shall be kept during the whole winter debating
! this miserable Army question, and get at nothing
1 else. If the Senate will agree to it, let us say that
; we will take the vote to-morrow. ["Now, now."]
[ Other Senators say no; and it seems to be sprmg-
j ing an issue on the Senate that I am not willing
i to make myselfa party to. Senators on the other
; side, who oppose this measure, can come to-mor-
, row as well as those who favor it. Some others,
' I am told, have gone away.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Several Sena-
? tors being on the floor making suggestions.) The
Senator from Mississippi has the floor. -Thrse in-
terruptions are not in order!* The Chair is unwil-
ling to be obliged to call Senators, who understand
the rules and the decorum of the body, to older.
Mr. BROWN. Senators on one side say they
are not ready to take the vote, because certain of
their friends have gone away, expecting that the
vote would not be taken to-day. On the other
side there is an anxiety to take it to-day. Why
not adjourn until to-morrow with the understand-
ing on all sides that when to-morrow comes we
are to have a vote and dispose of this question.
Mr. IIUNTER. Name an hour: say two
o'clock.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; say two o'clock.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a question of order.
The Senator from Mississippi is out of order. He
has no right to make such a proposition here.
We are kept here to hear propositions which i-t
is out of order to respond to. I submit that it is
out of order to name a day or time, in this way,
for closing debate, and make such contracts. It
seems we had one the other day, but it amounted
to nothing.
Mr. BROWN. Such propositions have been
submitted during my four years in the Senate, one
' hundred times; and during my service in the Sen-
' ate I have never heard that it was out of order. I
think I have heard the Senator from Georgia make
the proposition that we have an understanding
! that we take the question at a particular day or
hour. I know it is not strictly according to par-
liamentary order.
Mr. TOOMBS. Can I have the question of
order decided ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia rises to a question of order. Will
the Senator repeat the question ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I say it is not in order for a
Senator to rise and occupy the floor with propo-
sitions to one or the other side of the House—not
for the purpose of debating questions, but with a
view of making contracts or agreements. That
is out of order; and besides, they are not'likely
to be agreed to, as the gentleman himself has at-
tested for ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. BROWN. I know it is not in order, raid
I withdraw the proposition; butunderstand hero-
after, that if any such proposition comes from any-
body, upon any point whatever, I shall consider
myself at liberty to interpose the same point.
[" Certainly."] With that-understanding, I know
that it is not strictly in order; I knew it before;
but the practice has been indulged in ever since
I have been in the Senate. I have never heard it
objected to before.
Now, sir, I am not going to vote for any prop-
osition to call out volunteers. If that be the only
j means of increasing the Army, the Army, yo far
i as I am concerned, may go unincreased; and I
; put it on two points: the first is, that the volun-
* teer service is the most expensive you can get.
| Gentlemen may argue as they please, but the rec-
i ords of the country, from the days of the Revo-
! lution down to this hour, show the proposition
i to be true, that your volunteers are more expens-
: ive, by fifty per cent., than regulars.
I was amazed to hear the Senator from Tonnes-
| see read us a homily an hour and a half long about
i economy, and then proposing the most extrava-
