1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1855
the other side—I allude to the question which was
put by the honoiable Senator from Kentucky, and
which was repeated by the honorable Senator
from Michigan: why is another person put upon
the commission to count the votes? For no rea-
son under heaven but to put the board in the con-
trol of that power which has from the beginning,
and from before the beginning, intended no other
result than to take slavery into Kansas, with or
without law, with or withoutforce, fairly if they
.could, but to take it there anyhow. It is to put
the control of that board which is to count the
votes in the hands of that power which fed Atchi-
son to invade Kansas, which has led to all the
fraudulent transactions which have disgraced that
Territory from the beginningto this hour.
Is not this district attorney the very person who
gave his written opinion that no person in Kansas
could rote at the last October election unless he
had paid a tax, under the territorial laws, which
cost Governor Walker such an immense labor to
overcome? What may we expect from him?
Mr. President, we have heretofore heard from
the Administration, the President in his message
and his friends on this floor, but one thing, and
that was, " it is necessary to give peace to Kan-
sas and peace to the country.'' Is there anything
in this proposition which is calculated to give
peace ? if we can judge by what has transpired
among the people of Kansas, we have eveiy rea-
son to believe that upon a vote that people will
reject thisconstitution by a majority of thousands
upon thousands. We have every reason to ex-
pect it. Take that proposition, and if they do
reject it, what follows? You propose to keep
Kansas out of the Union until she has a popula-
tion which would entitle her to admission as hav-
ing people enough for one Representative m the
other House. It may be six years before she will
have what would then be required—probably one
hundred and twenty thousand people. What do
you propose to do in the mean time? Why, sir,
you propose to let Kansas bleed. That is what
you propose. If she rejects this proposition, let
her bleed, is the present language of the Adminis-
tration. Instead of giving peace, and closing up
this controversy, it is proposing to let Kansas
bleed, and let agitation go on. Instead of peace
it will be a sword.
Mr. President, the proposition that was offered
by the honorable Senator from Kentucky was one
which would close up the whole difficulty in Kan-
sas. If she was not satisfied with the Lecompton
constitution, let her form a constitution with
which she would be satisfied, and then be admit-
ted into the Union, and that would close up the
whole question. But now, if the people voted this
down, and if the votes are counted fairly and hon-
estly, (which I fear cannot be, from the history
which has transpired in Kansas,) this whole agi-
tation is to remain for years to come. Sir, I de-
sire, for one, to see this agitation brought to an
end. We have had it longenough, and the only
way to end it is to submit this question fairly to
the people of Kansas. If they do not like this
constitution, accompany it by a bill which pro-
vides that they may call a convention and form a
constitution to suit them, and admitthem into the
Union, and let that be the end of this whole con-
troversy. But it cannot be ended, it will not be
ended by this proposition. If, as I have reason
to fear, the same frauds which were practiced at
Oxford and Shawnee and Kickapoo are to be re-
peated, if Cincinnati Directories and candle-box
returns are to be made use of in that Territory, for
the purpose of having it counted into the Union,
right or wrong, I tell you, Mr. President, it will
be the last proposition which would be likely to
give peace to Kansas or peace to this country.
Theie will be an agitation if it shall be falsely
counted into the Union, compared with which,
all that we have yet seen would be a very small
and tiifiing affair, m my opinion.
Mr. President, I had not intended to detain the
Senate as long as I have. I shall therefore not
occupy its attention any longer.
Mr. WILSON. I rise, Mr. President, for the
purpose of moving an adjournment. Before doing
so, however, I will say that, upon consultation
with some gentlemen on the otherside, they have
cxpiessed a willingness that we shall now adjourn
until to-morrow. The Senator from NowYork,
[Mr. Seward,] and the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] desire to address the Senate. I
desiie to say a very few words upon the matter;
but I think to-day the hour of adjournment has
arrived, and we had better adjourn. The Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] I understand, also
wants to speak.
Mr. GREEN. Before an adjournment, I will
move the postponement of this subject until half
past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlpril 28, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prajrer
by Rev. C. C. Meador.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in order
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. NICHOLS. I rise to make a privileged
report from the Committee on Printing.
The report was read, as follows:
The Joint Committee on Printing, to whom it was referred
to inquire into the expediency oi punting extra copies of
the nnvhuiucal portion or the Patent Office report for the
year 1857, icpoit the following resolution :
Revival, Thar theto be puuted, lor the use of tho mem-
bers ol the present Ilou^e ot'Rcpieseiintuves, twenty thou-
sand extra copies of the mechanical poition ol the Patent
Ollice report lor the, year 1S37.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to say but one word
upon that resolution. The House will under-
stand, from the reading of the resolution, that it
contemplates a considerable reduction on the num-
ber of copies of this work usually printed. The
committee have had the subject under considera-
tion for some time, and are impelled, by the in-
evitable force of necessity, to recommend this
reduction. The number provided for is sufficient
to supply the necessary wants of the country in
this regard. A general distribution cannot be had,
unless this system be carried to excess. It-is the
desire of the committee that its recommendation
in this respect shall be complied with; and I am
instructed by the committee to say, that if there
be opposition to this report in any way, they
would rather that the resolution should be with-
drawn, and the whole thing crushed, than that
the number of copies should be increased. The
report is founded upon the necessity of the case;
and I call the previous question upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman inform the House what number of
extra copies of this work was printed for the use
of the members of the last House of Repiesent-
atives ?
Mr. NICHOLS. The reduction in the number
is forty thousand. The number printed last year
was sixty thousand.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio how mony copies have al-
ready been ordered to be printed.
Mr. NICHOLS. The repoit was submitted
some two months ago to the House, and, as a
matter or' course, one thousand five hundred and
thirty copies have been printed. That provides
only for the public Departments, and for the one
copy that each member has a right to.
There is no provision made in the one thou-
sand five hundred and thirty copies ordered to be
printed, for distribution to any institution outside
the Departments here, and to the members them-
selves.
Mr. MORGAN. How many copies of those
provided for m this resolution are assigned to the
Patent Office proper?
Mr. NICHOLS. Noneatall. The distribution
is placed within the hands of those who represent
the various congressional districts in Congress.
I have again to say, m answer to an interrogatory
which was propounded to me, that the reduction
is forty thousand copies. I appeal to^ the good
sense of the House to allow this resolution to pass
in the shape in which itis reported, well assured
as I am that if any attempt is made to change it,
no copies at all will be printed for distribution.
I believe the number provided for in the resolu-
tion is large enough; and I call the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I wish to ask what
distribution the Committee on Printing propose
to make of the part of the Patent Office report
usually denominated agricultural ?
Mr. NICHOLS. There has boen no agricul-
tural report submitted to the House at all.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr, NICHOLS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMODORE PAULDING.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I rise to what I
consider to be a question of privilege. I am not
sure whether it is or not. The most important
national question which has boen presented to the
House during the present Congress, was some
three months ago referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. That committee has not yet
made its report to the House; but some time ago
it did permit its report to be published. I wish to
ask the Chairwhether the committee has the right
to permit its report to be published before it lias
been made to the House?
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. RITCHIE. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Georgia to say that any report on the
subject to which he refers has been published by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs? If so, I wish
to corrcct that statement. No such report has
been published by the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, or with the knowledge of the committee.
The publication of a report by a committee in ad-
vance of its being made to the House, is in my
opinion a breach of privilege, and I, as a member
of that committee, certainly never should have
consented to any such publication.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Then, as this
report has been published for some months, and
as the House has had no opportunity of action
upon it, I ask the consent of the House that this
report may be made now to the House, and print-
ed, without taking any action upon it, and thatit
be fixed as a special order for some day.
Mr. SEWARD. I objcct. I have reports
which I want to make from the Committee on
Naval Affairs. Let the committees be called in
their order, and the report may be made when the
Committee on Foreign Affairs is called.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Has the gentle-
man the right to object to the report being made ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman [Mr. Sew-
ard] has the right to object.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not wish to place any
obstacle in the way of the views of the gentleman
from Georgia, but if the committees are called in
their regular order the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs will be reached, and the report may be made
in order
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. If the gentleman
objects, there is no way of getting at it.
Mr. SEWARD. I only do it on that ground,
that the committee will be called at all events. I
call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ines3 is the call of committees for reports, begin-
ning with the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. ENGLISH, from the Committee on tho
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a joint ns-
olution authorizing the arrangement and disposal
of public buildings in the city of Philadelphia;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is adifference of opin-
ion as to the proper arrangement of the several
United States offices in the city of f'hiladelphia.
Various petitions have been presented by the va-
rious members from that city, which have bcun
referred to the Post Office Committee. After con-
sultation with the entire delegation from the city,
and after full investigation, the committee have
agreed upon the resolution which has been re-
ported, as the most feasable plan of being relieved
from the difficulty. It will not, as my colleague
suggests, cost, the Government a farthing, and u
will settle the difficulties existing in the cuy. I
call the previous question upon Ihc engrossment
of the joint resolution.
The joint resolution was reported at length. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury, the
