770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
amine my witnesses. I will only add that Mr,
'Cuppy is a member of the bar, of good standing,
and enjoys the confidence of the community in
which he resides.
Robespierre to counsel death, but always absent yourself.
| I will put you under my foot. You shall not live an hour.
, There is a day of reckoning for you. You must either fight
I or escape it by flight, in your wickedness, your malice, your
II malignity, your utter disregard of all the rights of a great
I thank the House for its indulgence, and dis- !j City—yes, sir; a citv that ought to be, and 1 hope will be,
miss the subject.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, obtained the 1
floor. * - !
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I hope the gentleman I
• will yield to me for a personal explanation. !
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Although it was I
my intention, I did not object to the personal ex- j
planation of the gentleman from Ohio. I will not j
object now to anything the gentleman from Geor-1
gia may have to say in reply, as a member of the
Committee of Elections. But I wish itunderstood
that I shall object to the matter going any further.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I stated, in the
discussion of the preliminary question referred
to, that I understood the contestant distinctly to
deny the allegation of the minority of the Com-
mittee of Elections. The gentleman has read the
deposition of his attorney controverting that de-
nial. All I ask is, that a statement from the con-
testant be read in reply to what has been said by
the sitting member.
The Clerk read as follows:
It would have been more man like had the returned mem-
bei waited till 1 had an equal light to the floor.
But this whole matter is upon a false issue. There is no
question of veracity on this point between him and myself.
I did not deny that his attorney had made the statement to
hint.
I did tell his attorney that T would not attend at the taking
of his testimony, because my own notices were out, in part,
and I should attend to them, and to my own case, as there
would be but ton days left. Nor did I appear at his exam-
inations, either in per.-on or by attorney. But [ did not,
whatever his deductions may have been, say or intend one
word to bun then, or at any lime, about the law or its con-
struction as to taking testimony, or his right* within the
eixty days, nor upon any other point. He was a person with
whom I was not on terms of speaking, or even recognition.
Upon tliid statement 1 -nbmit the matter without com-
ment. CLEMENT L. VALLAND1GHAM.
Mr. J. GLA.NCY'JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I rise, sir, to ask
the indulgence of the House m a matter antilo-
gous to that in winch the gentleman from Ohio
has just been indulged.
Mr. SAVAGE. I object.
Mr DAVIS, of Maryland. I appeal to the
fairness of the House to allow me to make a per-
sonal explanation.
Mr. BOWIE. I hope my friend from Tennessee
will withdraw the objection.
Mr. CLEMENS. The gentleman from Ten- j!
nessee did not rise in his seat and object. jj
TheSPEAKER. The Chairhears 110 objection. i!
Mr. SAVAGE. I object. !i
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The Chair had an- j|
nounccd the result before the gentleman objected, jj
Mr. ATKINS. I hope my colleague will with- ij
draw his objection. i!
Mr. SAVAGE. I will withdraw my objection |i
upon the request of my colleague. jj
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, The decision was >j
made by the Chairbefore any objection washeard. j;
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman rose from '!
his seat and objected. !j
Mr. ATKINS. My colleague withdraws his [i
■ objection. j!
TheSPEAKER. The objection is withdrawn. Jj
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 desire the Clerk ;j
to read from the Globe the marked passage which ij
I have sent to him;and I beg the attention of the i!
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Bowie,] who
the southern emporium of this blessed and glorious Union."
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I de-
sire politely and respectfully to ask my colleague
whether those words are applied to me person-
ally; and, if so, whether he has anything to say
with reference to them.
Mr. BOWIE. I personified the American party
when I used that language. When I said " you,"
! I addressed Myself to the American party, and
j did not mean personally to apply any portion of
i it to my colleague; but personifying the American
' party, which has struck down the Democratic
party of the city of Baltimore, by force and blood-
shed, I meant to say that a day of reckoning
would come, and that in that day of reckoning
there would be war.
I did not say how far the gentleman counseled
those things; but if he did counsel them, I thought
he ought to be, as I would be, willing to take all
the personal responsibility for it.
Mr. Speaker, it grieves me to think thatl have
wounded any man's personal feelings. I have no
unkind feelings towards my friend—my friend
heretofore; 1 have no unkind feelings towards
him personally; but I tell him, I tel! this House,
I tell this nation, that from my inmost soul I ab-
hor the principles of the Know-Nothing party; I
believe they will lead to bloodshed and revolu-
tion; and believing it, I counsel those whom they
have trampled under foot to resist when the
proper time comes. To that extent I meant to ad-
dress myself, without in any particular personal
sense applying it to my colleague, and I hope he
will not consider that I desire any personal war
with him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. In reference to the
opinions of my honorable colleague touching the
American party, this House is not the appropri-
ate place to speak. It has not been my habit, at
any time, to bring here any mere question of party
principle or party discipline, which properly be-
longs to tlie canvass before the people. I rose
merely to ascertain whether the language, which
might be applied to me, or might not be applied
to me, was intended to be personally applied.
His response, in that respect, is satisfactory to
me, and I am gladthatour personal relations will
not be disturbed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hopkins in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL,
on which the gentleman from Alabama
Shorter] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHORTER. Mr. Chairman, on the ques-
tion of the admission of Kansas into this Union
as a sovereign State under the Lecompton con-
stitution, and of the position of the South there-
on, I shall speak to-day. I bring no elaborate
argument to be read to the House, because the
[Mr.
points involved m the controversy are, to my
mind, clear and well-defined. Neither do I bring
with me to the task a blind idolatry for the Union
nor an unreasonable attachment to any national
party at the sacrifice of principle. I do not, Mr.
spoke the day before yesterday, relative'to my j 5jl^.aAr!?)1"iPt,'Vfat'S'I1)13 a?1b aS
 .i. t ' J .1 the pnmary object ot patriotic desire." My at-
tachment for the other ceases whenever it fails to
redeem its public pledges. Those who have pre-
ceded me in this debate have discussed this ques-
tion chiefly in reference to its effects on the polit-
ical parties of the country. I shall consider it in a
i higher light, and speak of its effects on the Union
j of these States and the destiny of the South.
; What I have witnessed in this Hall, since the
I ^ receipt of the President's able special message on
election, to that passage
The Clerk read as follows:
" Won by the seen vow's of the sitting member in tlsia
case, thev are readv for a street fight at any time. X will not
say how they hold tneir elections; but, at all events, they
Jet every native vote, and shut out all the foieign voters.
Do you deny it? Dare you deny it f And such men as that
now appeal 10 us ! Sir, .Robespierre wa-? a coward ; yet
Robespierre counseled death and destruction. You may be
unlike him for aught I know.
' I have no spur
r To pwk the sides of my intent.' :: Kansas affairs, has satisfied me that"'unWuher'e
I counsel death and destruction only that it may come back , i • „ i LHcU> unie^s un.re.
Upon the head ot the offender. Yes, I teii you, you hav<* a 1 ' -ill' rK&QiG change in public sentiment m cer-
day of reckoning to come, gentlemen, in the city of Baiu- t&in quarters, the recent position assumed by the
more. There will be a warthere, and it will be awarofttie i State of Alabama on this question will result in a
people against clubs and mobs. I only hope that, in the mnvpntirm nf hpr nennio ™ f- +u
providence of God, I ina> live to counsel, advise, and di- !i c?nventi™] °*"er PeoP*e> tepiesenting' the SOVer-
yectyou. I will not advise anything which I am not ready jj 01 the btate, to determine what shall be her
to take tho foremost ranks in executing. You may be a U future relations towards the Federal Government.
Resolutions have been adopted unanimously by
both branches of the Legislature of my State,
affirming the legality and regularity of the Lc-
compton constitution, and demanding (not as a
threat, or for the purpose of intimidat on) the un-
qualified admission of Kansas under that consti-
tution as a State of this Union. They demand
this as a right guarantied to the people of Kan-
sas by the Federal Constitution, and by the or-
ganic act establishing the territorial government.
They demand it, also, as an act of justice to the
South, and as the legitimate consequence of the
supposed triumph, in the last presidential election,
of the principle of-non-intervention by Congress
with the question of slavery in the Territories.
The resolutions also reaffirm the determination of
the people of my State to resist, even to a disso-
lution of this Union, the refusal by Congress to
admit as a State any Territory hereafter applying,
because of the existence of slavery thereinThe
resolutions are too long to be read in full to the
House. One portion, however, of the pream-
ble, and the whole of the first resolution, I ask
the indulgence of the House to read now, as they
indicate the sentiment of our Legislature on the
question of the remedy which they propose adopt-
ing in ease Kansas is refused admission into the
Union. They say:
" While this Geneial Assembly will not assume in ad-
vance to dictate the course to be taken by the State of Ala-
bama in the event Kansas should be lefused admi^ion into
the Union, they nevertheless lcel constrained by slush si>m*e
of duty, m the firm conviction that she will redeem her
pledges and take 110 bteps backward, to provide the means
by which her people, 111 convention assembled, may de-
termine their course of action : Thciefore,
"Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
in General Jlsseinhly convened, That in the event Kansas
should apply at the present 01 any future session oi Congress
foi admission into the Union as a State with and undci the
constitution heretofore framed and adopted hv hei,andcnrn
monly known as the Lecompton constitution, and shall be
by Congress refused admission, the Govetnoi of title* State
\a resnectfully ms-tiueted, by proclamation, to assemble the
qualified voters of this State, at the u<ual places of voting in
their respective counties, to elect deletes to a State con-
vention on a day to be by him appointed, within uhipfy days
from the tune when he shall leceive satisfaetoiy evidence
of such action by Congress."
Cordially indorsing, as I do, both the pream-
ble and the resolution, as passed by the Legisla-
ture of my State, I deem it not inappropi idle to
the present occasion, that the voice of one of her
humblest Representatives on this floor should be
heard in defense of her position, and in vindica-
tion of the policy foreshadowed as the probable
action of her convention. It is not my purpose
to-day to discuss the right of Alabama to secede
from the Union. With us the argument on that-
; question is exhausted I am aware that the Re-
j publican party deny that we have such a right;
' and that they threaten coercion whenever we shall
undertake to exercise it. But let Alabama, in her
sovereign capacity, once declare that she is no
longer a member of this Union—I care not whether
you call it a constitutional orarevolutionary right
—her sons will be prepared to defend it m the
forum or in the field.
Mr. Chairman, the passage of what were ofilled
the compromise measures of 1850, effectually de-
stroyed, for a time, the old party organizations in
many ofthe southern States, and divided the peo-
ple thereof into two new parties—the Southern
Rights or Secession, and the Union party. The
Secessionists, with whom it was my pleasure to
act, believed that the South ought not quietly to
submit to the injustice done her by those com-
promise measures, and seeing no other adequate
remedy, favored an immediate dissolution of the
Union. Their opponents, while they did not
wholly approve those measures, were neverthe-
less willing to acquiesce in them as a final settle-
ment of the slavery question, and adhere to the
Union.
The struggle for supremacy between these two
contending parties enlisted 011 both sides ihe ablest
intellects of our land. The contest was bitler '
m the extreme. It excited political and personal
prejudices among our people that time has not
even yet fully removed. The State of Georgia
called a convention, and in her sovereign capacity
decided that she would not secede from the Union
for the thenexisting causes; but,atthe same time,
Georgia expressly declared to the world that, upon
the happening of certain events, all of which were
specifically enumerated, she would resist even to
a dissolution of the Union. Among the causes
which, in the opinion of that convention, would
