THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Tiurty-Fiftii Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 11, 1858.
New Series....No. 181.
return to the old system. The expense is, or can
be, the same, and no appropriation being required,
1 do not see the force of the objection of the Sen-
ator from Virginia.
Mr. SIMMONS. I recollect very well when
this provision was introduced into the general
law, and at that time there was a Senator upon
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
who had formerly been Postmaster General, and
I believe it was introduced, at any rate it was
elaborated, at his suggestion. It was done to pre-
vent party favoritism in selecting these papers.
That provision was made thirteen years ago, and
I recollect distinctly the arguments used in com-
mittee and in the Senate in favor of it. It is very
singular that it is now proposed to repeal it in
this way, so as to give the postmaster a chance
to select mere party papers in which to advertise
letters. A Senator has asked me what Postmas-
ter General I alluded to. It was the former Sen-
ator from Connecticut, Mr. Niles; and he wished
this provision introduced, to correct an abuse
which, he said, had existed during his adminis-
tration of the Post Office Department. I hope it
will not be repealed m an appropriation bill at
any rate.
Mr. KING callcd for the yeas and nays, but
they were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRODERICK. 1 have an amendment to
offer:
slnd he it further cnactcd, That not more than two thou*
sand five bundled doll.u:-per annum .-.hall be paid to any
special atrent of the I'o^t Office Department as compurga-
tion for bio &ei\ ices.
I listened to the discussion a few minutes ago,
and I found than an agent in New York received
$1,600 a year, and two dollars a day additional,
which would make his compensation amount to
about $2,300 a year. 1 understand that they are
in the habit of making from five to eight thousand
dollars a year. I do not want to give them moie
than $2,500.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from California to amend his
amendment, by inserting the words " for his ser-
vices and expenses."
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not think there is any
moie than that sum paid now.
Mr. BRODERICK. Then nobody can have
any objection to it. 1 understand that these offi-
cers, or some of them, are in the habit <of draw-
ing from six to eight thousand dollars a year.
Mr. IIUNTER. Suppose they were sent on
special sei vice by which they were exposed to ex-
penses, as m apprehending a thief, ought not some
provision be made for that?
Mr. BRODERICK. I should be willing to ex-
cept such cases.
Mr. HCJNTER. My objection is that we are
legislating in the dark. * Two thousand five hun-
dred dollars might be salary enough, but how far
it would cover the expenses to which those offi-
cers may sometimes be exposed, I do not know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The language is, " a?
compensation for his services " It does not cut
off any allowance for traveling expenses.
Mr. HUNTER. Then 1 have no objection.
The amendment was agieed to. /
Mr. KING. I have an amendment to offer as
an additional section: V
^ec. —. Jind beitjurther enacted, That if any po^tm.ts-
teroi otner penon employed in any post ollice roi the put-
po^e of delisting letters, papers, and mail m.liter, bhall
willfully detain, delay, becrcte. or refuse to deliver on de-
mand at Mich po-t olhce. m the u^uai postoffice hours, any
iettci or othei aiticle of mail matter which may have come
to t-ueh po^t office. to rhe person to whom the same is ad-
dicted, or to whose care it is duected, or to his or her
known and authorized a<i<-nt, such postmaster, oi other per-
son so employed and so offending, m any post office, s.ha!l
on conviction, forfeit and pay foi each offense $1U03 (0 be
j-ued tot and disposed of in the manner piovuied in the ca=e
of pecumatv penalties in the u Act to reduce into one the
several act* o-tahlMung and reguinrmg the. Post Office De-
pal tment," appioved March 3, ib'Jo.
1 offer this amendment oil account of com-
plaints that have come to me from citizens of the
city of Brooklyn. A recent construction of the
laws, which is sustained by the Department, jus-
181
tifies the postmaster in retaining letters to be sent
to the persons to whom they are addressed by
the regular carrier, where a dozen or twenty or
more persons shall unite upon a particular indi-
vidual for the purpose of having their letters given
to him, on the ground that it is setting up an op-
position carrier. I offered a resolution some time
ago calling for information from the Postmaster
General on this subject, and, in a very fair and
frank reply, I obtained from the Postmaster Gen-
eral the issue on this question. The Department,
i by its constructions and regulations, justifies the
I refusal of the postmaster to deliver the letter to
! the party who can produce a written order from
I the person to whom it is addressed. Whatever
| may be the convenience or requirements on the
| part of the Post Office Department to sustain the
i system of letter carriers in the cities, I think there
] should be no authority that should authorize a
i postmaster to refuse to deliver to the person, or to
i ins agent, a letter addressed to him;and the object
i of this amendment is to require that.- *
| Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senator fiom New
■ York embraces more than he designs in hjs
' amendment. Ho is treading on very delicate
ground. A proposition of this sort should be
; maturely considered when the language has been
1 so studied as to make it certain that it does not
1 involve difficulties which it is evident the Senator
did not foresee. The general language here em-
! ployed would bring a postmaster either under the
1 penalties of the Federal Government or the State
: government in many cases. It is legislating in
; regard to penalties. There may be certain printed
! matter or pictorial representations forbidden by
j the laws of the States, and yet titus provision
jj would impose a penalty on the-postmaster if he
j: did not deliver them. The postmaster must be
!j governed, m a matter of policc regulation, by the
j' laws of the State in which he lives. I fear that
■; this amendment would result in a conflict of Fod-
j oral a<id State jurisdiction, which I am sure the
'■ Senator cannot desire.
ii Mr. IIUNTER. Surely this is not proper le-
I giblation foi an appropriation bill. Here is a mat-
I' ter which evidently would require to be digested
! by some proper committee, and would require
: tune arid consideration in order to do justice to it.
' I believe that neither the Senator from New York
nor myself, unless his interests or his tastes have
led him much more to the study of Post Office
matters than they have led me, can have the ne-
cessary information to legislate properly in regard
i: to this subject. I understand that the system of
!i letter carriers is one which has been recently or-
|| ganized, and which the Department has nearly
i perfected. I believe the boys have to settle daily
! at the post office—I speak only from recollection,
i I recollect that when the deficiency bill was up I
(1 had occasion to make some inquiries into tin; mat-
]! ter in order to understand an item in that bill, and
i | I believe they gi ve a credit of a day to these boys;
i" they are such as the Department can trust,
j' Mr. YULEE. They are not boys; they are
■' men—responsible men.
! Mr. HUNTER. Well, whoevet they are, I
j undeistand the post office gives them a credit of
a day. It is important then that they should be
i men whom they know and whom they can trust,
j' It would not do to say that we. should break up
[■ the system and make postmasters deliver letters
" to anybody who can present an order from tenor
■ twelve persons. It would be changing the ordi-
i nary course of things. I think, at any rate, it is
i; a subject which we ought not to meddle with here.
!, I hope the Senator from New York will not press
i his amendment in this shape. Even if it should
!i be right, it does not belong to an appropriation
i| bill. "We are anxious to dispose of these bills,
! and get them to the House of Representatives.
Air. KING. I am aware that the objection
. which the Senator from Virginia makes is a fair
! one m the mam, to legislating on the appropria-
1 tion bills. These subjects should, if they can, be
; brought before the Senate when they can he con-
sidered by themselves Yet the Senator from
, Vermont [Mr. Cor.i introduced a bill at a
pretty early day of the session, on this subjcct,
which we have been unable to get up or dispose
of, and this is a proposition which, from the com-
plaints of citizens in my own State, I have felt
bound to bring to the attention of the Senate. I
think that the Post Office Department, in the
transmission of communications from the sender
to the party to whom they are sent, should
be sacred from any interference by anybody,
that whatever is placed in the post office should
be transmitted to the place to which it is direct-
ed, and there delivered to the person. I have
had some conversation with police agents of the
city of New York, who called on me in relation
to this subject, on account of a resolution that I
offered, asking the Postmaster General for inform-
ation. They stated to me that they desired to be
able, by the aid of the Post Office Department, to
delay or obtain letters, with a view of detecting
rogues. Those who called on me were the gen-
tlemen employed to suppress lotteries—an object
which certainly is most praiseworthy, and which
I would not be disposed to interfere with in
any way. Still, I could not consent to have any
tampering with the mails. I consulted with two
gentlemen who have been Postmasters General,
and they said it would never answer to allow
any tampering with the seals by the Post Office
Department—they must be sacred. This propo-
sition, as I conceive, does not interfere with that
matter at all. It is simply a requisition that a
letter or package shall be delivered to the party to
whom it is uddiessed,or to his known authorized
agent, if the postmaster is aware that that person
is his agent. I do not think any difficulty will
occur in reference to the earners. The postmas-
ter will be required to deliver but one parcel at a
time,under my amendment. The regular carrier
has his letters set apart for him in the post office,
and they are handed to him in a parcel, and thus
he has a great advantage in time, over any person
who may come to get letters singly. I think the
effort to set up an opposition carrier, without the
assent and concurrence of the postmaster in the
locality, will prove a failure in a little time; but
it is dangerous, on the regulations or instructions
or authority of the Post Office Department, to al-
low a postmaster to refuse to deliver letters. I
think the delivery should be made, when the de-
mand is made for it, of any parcel which has come
to the office to any person authorized to receive
it. I have felt constrained to offer this amend-
ment. i cannot consent to withdraw it. I am not
aware how it can interfere with any provision of
the laws of the States. I do not know of any
that it would interfere with,
Mr. YULEE. I think it will not be wise to
act on this subject in a manner so hasty. The gen-
eral subject was referred, in a bill introduced by
the Senator from Vermont at an early period of
the session, to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Itoads; and has been uncfer the consider-
ation of the Department; and m a letter which
was published a few days since, which ought to
be read before theie shall be any action oil the
amendment now proposed, the Postmaster Gen-
eral states very fully his reasons for not thinking
it advisable to legislate upon the subject at pres-
ent. 1 know that some Senators—the Senator
from Vermont, especially— differed with the Post-
master General in his view of this matter. 1 re-
ported back the bill of the Senator from Vermont,
to be sure, at a later time than it should have been,
but as early as possible aftei I received the formal
opinion of the Department. It has been reported
and placed upon the. Calendar, and will come up
at the next session for the consideration of the
Senate in a regular and orderly manner. The ob-
jection to the introduction of the subject now upon
this general appropriation bill is, that wc create
a new offense, a new penalty. Wc are multiply-
ing offenses; we are, at a single stroke, and with-
out consideration, upsetting entirely the legisla-
tion of the past two years, which has been directed
to the creation and organization of the carrier sys-
tem—a system that is found to be working very
well,and is being gradually organized into a very
