1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
give her the land, Jet her adop.t what constitution
she might.
It may be said, sir, that she would probably
get the same grant any way, whenever she did
come in; but it is a remarkable fact, that in case
she shall vote down this land grant, this bill goes
on to provide regulations touching the amount of
population that shall be necessary before she shall
come in under any other constitution, but does
not intimate that she can have any land at all un-
less she will take it with this particular constitu-
tion.
Now, sir, a word as to the peace that is to flow
from such a measure as this. Sir, I do not be-
lieve that a better title could be given to this bill
than to call it a measure to keep open the quarrel
and keep up the strife; for I am sure, as I have
already said, the North will- reject it with scorn,
for it imposes one set of conditions if the Terri-
tory shall apply for admission as a slave State,
and another set of conditions if she applies as a
free State; and I do not see how the South can
accept or justify it, especially if the ordinance
should be voted down. Again, sir, the North,"
looking to the history of Kansas, may well object
to this board which is to control the election. It
is changed from what it was in the Crittenden-
Montgomery bill. The number of the board is
increased to five, and three of them are direct ap-
pointees of the Administration. Now, sir, I have
nothing to say about the men; but if you look to
the history of the Oxford and -McGee frauds, if
we take into consideration the fact that a Walker
and a Stanton lost their heads about the time these
fraudulent votes were rejected, I ask if it would
not have been fairer to let the board remain as it
was in the Crittenden-Montgomery bill? Besides,
sir, what could have been the object of the change,
unless it looks to a state of things m which these
outrages may be repeated ?
But again, sir, the qualifications of voters un-
der this bill are not regulated by the laws of the
Territory as they exist at the present time, but it
goes back and takes the qualifications of voters as
they were when the Territorial Legislature was
elected in October, under what is called the" bor-
der-ruffian codc." Why ignore the existing law
and go back to that code about which there has
been so much strife all over the country—to the
very laws under which all these frauds have been
perpetrated ? It is true that this bill contains some
provisions for the punishment of fraud; but the
qualifications of electors are fixedby this old code,
that was in existence previous to the election of
the present Territorial Legislature.
But again, sir; the very man who has been
added to this board to make up the five, is the
attorney general of the Territory—the very man
who has given an opinion, as I understand, under
these very laws, to the effect that no man could
vote under those laws unless he had paid taxes
under these territorial laws. Why this change
hi the board ? Why this change m the qualifi-
cations of voters ?„
Sir, I know not what the result maybe; but
this I do know: I know that if the people of Kan-
sas have a fair election, this contrivance will be
voted down four to one. It cannot be otherwise.
Ten thousand votes have been polled against this
constitution with the enormous grants attached
to it, which have been cut oft* by the conference
committee. Six thousand votes were polled in
favor of it; but of those six thousand, it has been
demonstrated that half of them were fraudulent,
fvnd that there were not three thousand legal votes
in the whole Territory in favor of this Leeompton
constitution. Now, sir, if they have a fair election,
they will vote down the constitution four to one.
It cannot be prevented without a renewal of the
frauds that have marked the past; and let me tell
you that it will take more than one Cincinnati Di-
icctory to do it. They will need at least a dozen
before it can be done. And if, under all tlie.se cir-
cumstances, afttr the board has been changed, and
the qualifications of voters havjts been referred
back to the old laws, any frauds should be per-
petrated in thiselection, which shall be apparent,
it will produce a strife throughout this country
such as we have never witnessed. In every point
of view, this measure is calculated only to produce
mischief to all sections of the country. Instead of
quieting the disturbance and guiding the ship of
State through the breakers into the smooth sea, as
my colleague on the committee [Mr. Englimi] an-
ticipates,! assert that it will but inflame the strife.
If we would settle this question, why not fall back
on the Crittenden-Montgomery bill, under which
the people are to be allowed to decide whether
they will adopt this constitution? And if they de-
termine not to do it, the question is to be settled
in some other way, and is never to show itself
here again.
If the conservative men desire peace, why adopt
a measure that can by no.-possibility settle the
strife on either side, let it go as it will, but will
increase the strife? Gentlemen, must not flatter
themselves that this will be the end of it, for these
propositions are very degrading to the North; and
I tell gentlemen that in every congressional dis-
trict in all the northern States the issue will be
distinctly put, whether one set of conditions shall
be applied to a Territory applying for admission
as a free State, and another to a Territory apply-
ing as a slave State. Every election held in the
whole hundred and forty-four districts will turn
upon this issue, distinctly made.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to see the end of
all this. I would be willing to consent to any fair
settlement of this question; but, sir, I do not see
how men can, upon a question of this importance,
yield the principle and substance, and evade it by
this attempt to dodge around it; for, as I have
already said, if the ordinance be voted down,
Leeompton is dead. How, and why? Truly,
according to the theory of gentlemen upon the
other side of the House, the people have no right
to vote down the constitution; but, nevertheless,
if they reject the ordinance, Leeompton is dead.
Perhaps, like the calf which a man had, which he
said had not died,but" somehow kind a'^in out;"
so it is in tins case. The people do not kill Le-
eompton dircetly, but, by indirect menns, they
do that which may result in killing it. They will
certainly kill it if the vote is taken fairly. If the
opposite result is accomplished by fraud, in the
present excited state of the country on this sub-
ject, it wiil lead to disturbance, if not to blood-
shed; and no man can tell where will be the end.
Why, then, seek, to daub with this untempered
mortar? Why keep this side issue—this tow-
i boat, with which you cxpect to tow Leeompton
into poit? Can it be said, if the plan succeeds,
that the principle has been maintained inviolate?
Principle or no principle, if the whole principle
were yielded, f, as a northern man, would never
consent to it while it fastens upon the North the
badge of inferiority. It, in fact, oilers to Kansas
a premium to become aStatcof a particular kind.
1 tell you that I never will submit to it. Never!
And I predict again that this issue will go directly
before all the people of the northern States. Every
candidate in the northern States wiil be elected or
beaten directly upon this issue. And I shall be
surprised if, out of the hundred and forty-four
members to be returned from that section of the
country, one hundred and twenty-five of them do
not come here repudiating our decision; if they
do not come here directly and distinctly pledged
to receive, consider, and act upon any application
that Kansas may make to come into the Union,
1 notwithstanding this arrangement. We never
! mean to submit to it. We never can acquiesce
1 in conditions so unequal, so unjust, and so unfair.
' I will not detain the House longer,
j Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, it is
i with great reluctance that I feci myself compelled
, to trespass upon the attention of the House to-
I day. L thought that I had said everything that
| I should ever feel called upon to say m reference
' to this complicated Kansas difficulty. I had hoped
I that I had bid farewell to the subject forever; that
| every new phase had been exhausted, and that
, we were finally brought to a direct and final vote
; upon a question of principle made and aigued
i deliberately through the \*v hole session, with cmi-
i nent ability on the Administration side of the
j House, and met t\a best we might with such ar-
ji guments as we could devise on this side of the
'I House. I did not suppose, Mr. Speaker, tlmtat
|| this late day m this controversy a new question
|. would have arisen. I did not suppose ili.it we
should be called upon to consider and vote upon
|; a question which has never been alluded to from
|| beginning to end of this controversy, though at
|l one time in the history of the Republic it came
!l near shattering to pieces the Confederacy. It was
!' settled. Oil great consideration, by the greatest
Is minds that have ever cast their hght upon tiie Con-
stitution of the United States, thirty years agoj
and it has remained unquestioned from that day
to this, when the conference committee, without
even a passing allusion to it, have distinctly raised
it, and they now require us this day to decide it.
My difficulties are not that the bill does not
submit the constitution to a vote of the people. It
is my habit, here and everywhere, to state dis-
tinctly what I feel to be my difficulties. Sir, I
shall raise no question about the distinct and ab-
solute submission of everything: that is material
to be submitted, by the act brought in by the com-
mittee of conference. I shall enter into no sharp
legal argumentation with gentlemen as to whether
the vote is to be upon the proposition, or upon the
constitution itself, or upon the question of admis-'
sion. If legal minds can draw distinctions between
these various questions, I shall moot no question
on these points with them. There is here all that
I have ever contended for. The people of Kan-
sas have, by this bill, interposed between them
and the forcing of a constitution upon the majority,
-an opportunity for the majority to say that this
shall not be their law. It is to me absolutely im-
material whether it is to be by a vote upon the
proposition submitted, on which the adoption or
rejection of the constitution, as a legal, living in-
strument, shall depend, or whether it shall be in
the shape in which the bill of my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Montgomery] presented
it, by a direct vote of the people on the adoption
or rejection of the constitution.
In either mode, we give them opportunity and
power to say—under whatever form, with what-
ever conditions, in whatever way—that li we do
not choose to accept this form of government as
our State government," and it is to me immaterial
whether they sfre called to vote upon the adoption
or rejection of the constitution, upon the adoption
or rejection of the land grant, upon their con-
sent to be admitted on other terms than they pro-
posed. It is absolutely immaterial. There has
been distinctly and in words granted to this peo-
ple, by this bill, the right of the majority to say
whether they will or will not allow this State gov-
ernment to go into active legal operation •, and that
is all that any reasonable man ought to demand
on that subject.
And 1 desire to say, with all candor, to gentle-
men on both sides of this House, that had that
been the only contents of this bill; it should have
had my sanction. I would not have stickled over
the question whether the vote was to be m the
form of the words "proposition accepted," or
"proposition rejected," or whether we had di-
rected black shells and white shells to be cast into
the box. I profess to be a practical man, and I
look to practical results. I believe that a minority
of the people of Kansas alone had formed the Le-
eompton constitution. To that constitution I had
no objection. If the majority in any form, directly
or indirectly, allow it to become the law of the land,
it docs not lie in my mouth to object, and I say,
therefore, that so far as the question of submis-
sion or rejection is concerned, everything we have
been contending over this session is distinctly, m
law if not in language, conceded in this bill; and
those who raised their voice here during this ses-
sion to defend the rights of the people against the
. power of Congress to force upon them the work
: of a minority, have a right to go now before the
■ country and say, with whatever conditions it may
be hampered, over whatever broken fragments
! of the Constitution they may carry this bill, still it
' does b'\\r upon its face a great and glorious tri-
umph of the right of the people to have a final
and conclusive negative upon the law which shall
govern them. Nor do I now rise to urge the fla-
grant iijsult to the free States, nor the provision
for false certificates apparent in the addition of
the district attorney to the commission, nor the
shallow attempt to change the question in contest,
as the reasons of my opposition to this bill. Plain
and irresistible as they are, my opposition rests
on grounds more profound and ladical.
That, sir, is not my difficulty. I have some
very strong States rights notions implanted m my
head from having studied at the school of Henry
Clay of Kentucky, and William Pinkney of Ma-
ryland. I have not forgotten what f learned
from Mr. Madison's report with you, sir, at the
(Jinveisity of Virginia; I have not forgotten what
I lw e heard upon every southern hustings since,
ah a boy, 1 attended debates, and since, as a man,
