1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2883
delay vastly beyond that which this amendment
is designed to remedy. I only propose, in this
amendment, that the postmaster, upon the pro-
duction of the authority of the party to whom the
letter is addressed, shall be compelled to deliver
it. As the Senator from Illinois says, I think that
is the law now; but the Postmaster General and
the Attorney General have given it a different
construction. In a resolution which the Senate
passed on my motion, I asked those officers if
any legislation was necessary. They thought not,
because they are disposed to sustain this construc-
tion with a view to support the carrier system. It
is a small matter, it may be said; but the carrier
postage, I believe, is two cents generally in the
cities, and yet our postage is but three cents for
carrying a letter to any distance under three thou-
sand miles. Though the addition of two cents is
not very large, it is two thirds the entire amount
of the original postage; and when a business man
is receiving several hundred letters in the course
of the year, it enhances his postage very much.
"Why may he not get his letters by sending his
servant or clerk to the post office for them ? That
is the objcct, and I do not think the amendment
can go further.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think it will be obvious
to the Senate, on a moment's reflection, that it
will notdo to pass this section. In the large cities
letters are delivered out by mail carriers employed
by the Government. If one of these penny car-
riers gets into a quarrel with an individual, that
individual proceeds to subvert the Government
policy in this way: he goes around and gets a
paper subscribed by all the principal persons who
receive letters in the town, authorizing A B to
get their letters at the post office. He goes to the
post office with that order, and in that manner an
unauthorized individual constitutes himself a pub-
lic carrier. The result is, that the individuals who
do not join in that combination cannot get the let-
ters through the carrier, and there is no man will-
ing to assume the office of public carrier for the
few scattered letters that remain to be earned to
different parts of the town. This section origin-
ates in an attempt on the part of a private indi-
vidual to turn out a public officer; or, in other
words, it is a village quarrel between a penny
carrier and some man who wanted a letter; and
that is deliberately brought into the Congress of
the United States for us to legislate upon.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I want to understand the
operation of this system, and perhaps the Sena-
tor from Louisiana can enlighten me. Let me
give an illustiation. The southern mail arrives
here at three or four o'clock in the afternoon, but
it is not distnbuted to us until half past eight.
Suppose a Senatoi should, atfive o'clock, wish to
get a letter in order to determine whether to leave
the city in the afternoon train, and he sends me,
or some other person, authorized in writing to
receive his letter: ought the postmaster to have a
right to refuse to deliver it when he knows that I
am authorized to receive it? As I read the amend-
ment, it only provides for the delivery to a per-
son known to be authorized to receive the letter.
Ought a postmaster, in that case, to be allowed to
refuse ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Of course there is never
any difficulty practically in a case of that kind.
These are merely theoretical questions. I do not
suppose there is a postmaster m the United States
who ever dreamed of refusing a letter under such
circumstances.
Mr. CLINGMAN. But is not this a provision
simply to compel him to deliver the letter to the
authorized agent?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is compelling him to do
that, and also to give the letters of a hundred men
to one single man as a messenger.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If they direct that man to
go and bring their letters, is there any real im-
propriety in allowing him to do it5
Mr. BENJAMIN. A very great impropriety.
Suppose one hundred of us should employ a man
to carry our letters between Washington and Bal-
timore, would there be no impropriety in it?
Mr. CLINGMAN. But this is merely to bring
letters from the post office to the persons to whom
they are addiessed in the same town. In the south-
ern country, generally, these carriers do not ex-
ist, but every man has to go for himself. Where
the community is dense, the Government thinks
proper to employ a carrier. If it turns out that
so few persons take letters by the carrier that it
does not pay, he can be withdrawn. Is there any
real hardship in it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is a great hardship.
If this amendment were amended so as to apply
to places where there are. not public carriers, I
should have no objection to it; but that is pre-
cisely what the Senator from New York would
object to.
Mr. YULEE. That would not be necessary.
The object of the Senator from North Carolina is
secured by the existing law. The act of 1825 pro-
vides:
"It shall be the duty of the postmaster at all reasonable
hours on every day of the week, to deliver, on demand, any
letter, paper, or packet, to the person entitled to or author-
ized to receive the same."
That is the law of 1825, and is only controlled
by the subsequent legislation in respect to pub-
lic carriers m those cities where public carriers
** Mr. CLINGMAN. If that is the law and it
has not been altered, this provision is unneces-
sary; but if it has been altered, why not go back
to that law ?
Mr. YULEE. It has been altered only so far
as the carrier system has been introduced in the
large cities.
Mr. KING. It has been altered by construc-
tion—that is all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was stating to the Sena-
tor from North Carolina that I could not see what
on earth is the necessity for this change of the
law. Wherever there is a carrier every man gets
his letters under the law. Why should that be
changed ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. We hove a carrier here;
hut suppose a gentleman does not choose to wait
six or eight hours for the carrier, as I sometimes
do not want to do, has the postmaster a discre-
tion to refuse to deliver a letter to his servant or
any authorized agent who goes with a written
order for his letters'1
Mr. BENJAMIN. I state to the gentleman
that we must legislate practically, and such a case
never occuned. The object here is to enable par-
tics to combine to break down public carriers. I
do not suppose there is a postmaster in the United
States who would ever refuse to comply with an
order from an individual to deliver his letters; but
you take an authority given to A B to receive all
my letters, and get one half the people of a town
to subscribe that, and carry it to the postmaster of
a town as a general authority to receive all letters,
and thus you substitute private for public car-
riers; you break up the accommodations of the
remainder of the public; you interfere with the
policy of the Government, on that point, just as
much and just as clearly as you would by form-
ing combinations to carry the letters between
Washington and Baltimore. If it is wrong to es-
tablish the streets of a city as post roads for pen-
ny carriers, repeal that law; but if you keep the
law in existence, then do not pass another sec-
tion by which private individuals can combine to
break it down.
Mr. BAYARD. There is another evil that the
honorable Senator from North Carolina does not
advert to. If the place is not a large one, or even
where it is a large one, a dozen or two firms in
active business, who receive agreat number of let-
ters, may select their own agent, and he will de-
liver letters for a less compensation than by law
the public carrier is allowed to charge; because,
probably, that is the least onerous business of the
carrier, and he could deliver them easier, for they
are more concentrated; but yet the great object of
a public carrier m a larire place is, that the whole
community, who would not be able to go person-
ally to the post office shall, for a reasonable sum,
be accommodated by the delivery of their letters.
If you allow those who have a great number of
letters to receive, by combination to underbid the
public, and have their own private carrier, you
destroy the system. That is the effect of adopt-
ing this amendment, and the result would be that
the Department could not employ public carriers,
because you only pay them out of the compensa-
tion received for carrying letters, and they could
not afford to carry them if the mass of letters in
proportion to the size of the place, going to the
men receiving the greatest number, could be re-
ceived by private agreement for a less sum; and
yet the onerous duty would fall on the public
carriers of delivering letters to all the unknown
persons, all the scattered persons, the public, for
whose convenience in large cities, in order to pre-
vent the non-delivery of their letters, as they may
not have time to go to the post office, the system
of public carriers is adopted. They would be in-
jured for the purpose of benefiting a few persons
who combine to employ a private carrier. It is
private interest against the public.
Mr. KING. It is extreme cases that illustrate
the law. The complaint in this case is, that a
postmaster refused to deliver a single letter to a
single person. My own opinion is, that that au-
thority should not exist in the postmaster. He
can refuse to one as well as to a dozen. As I
said, it is impracticable for a very large number
of persons to send a single agentfor their letters,
because he must get them one at a time for one
person at a time, which would of itself delay the
delivery beyond the period which would bring
them their letters through the ordinary carrier. I
have offered this amendment because I think the
authority ought not to exist in the postmaster to
refuse to deliver a letter when demanded.
Mr. PUGH. There has never been any case
that I ever heard of before—I do not know what
this one is—in which a postmaster refused to de-
liver a letter to the ordinary agent or servant of
the party to whom it was addressed. I do not
think there is such a case; I do not believe one
can be found in the United States. That has been
the construction under the law in force, but this
is a contrivance for some fellow who wants to cut
under your system of carrying the mails in the
cities. As the Senator from Louisiana says, if
you do not want the streets of your cities to be
post routes, repeal your law; but you have made
them so, and here is some fellow that wants to
come in and pick out half a dozen firms in^city
and get a general order from them to receive their,
letters, and thus cut down the receipts for box
rents, which is a portion of your system of com-
pensating postmasters, and break up your system
of public carriers. It is a contrivance of some
man to grind his own ax at the public expense.
I do not believe there can be found a case in which
a postmaster has refused to deliver a letter to the
ordinary employe of a party, and I believe that
is not only authorized but required by the law.
That certainly has been done m the city where I
reside. But yet we must have the system of pub-
lic carriers, and it is a great convenience, for there
are thousands of people who cannot afford to rent
a box, and it might take them half a day to go to
the general delivery window and stand there un-
til their turn came. They might lose a day's or
half a day's wages by it; but the public carrier
takes their letters and leaves them at their houses.
You break up the whole system if you permit
men to interpolate themselves into the Post Office
Department for their own private ends, and I hope
the Senate will vote down the amendment. As
I said before, I do not know what this case may
be; but of course where a party represents his
own case, he makes it as favorable as possible to
himself. I do not believe there is any case, un-
less it be by a mistake of some clerk at a post
officc, where a postmaster has refused to deliver
a letter to the ordinary clerk, servant, or employe
of the party to whom the letter is directed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Broderiok, Oingman, Collamer,
Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Dutkee, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Hamlm, Harlan, Houston, Johnson of Tennessee,
King. Peward, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—2d.
NAYS—-Alexis. Allen,Bayard, Benjamin, Bright, Clay,
Davis, Fitzpatrick, Green, Oiwin, Hammond, Hayne, Hun-
ter, Johnson of Arkansas. Jones, Mallory, Mason, Pearce,
Puph, Reid, Rice, Sebastian, Shdell, Stuart, Wright, and
Yuice—to. , 
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. SEWARD. An amendment was offered
on the motion of the Senator from California [Mr.
Brodf.kick] providing that not more than $2,500
should be paid to any special agent of the Post
Office Department as compensation for his ser-
vices. I propose to add to that, " but this act
shall not be construed so aa to raise the rates of
compensation of such agents m any case."
The amendment was agreed to.
