774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Mr. "WARREN. I will nokobject,if there has I
been a reflection upon the gentleman, directly or j
indirectly; but if there has been a general charge j
against a party, I must object to the explanation, j
I entertain for the gentleman the highest respect. !
Mr. ZGLLICOFFER. My explanation will be j
short, and concerns myself. I hope the gentle- i
man will not interrupt me. !
Mr. WARREN. I withdraw my objection, j
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not see my ;
colleague [Mr. Hatch] in his seat, and i suggest j
that the gentleman withhold his explanation until f
tny colleague is present. ;
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Is not the member in j
the House ? i
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not see him. s
I only make the suggestion. The gentleman will
act on his own sense of propriety.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Allow me to say in
explanation to that point, that I dislike exceed-
ingly to say anything which has the appearance
of personality in the absence of the member to
whom it refers. But when the member from New
York made his speech, there were passages in
that speech which I did not distinctly compre-
hend. Yesterday I was too unwell to occupy my
seat here. I saw a report of the member's remarks
in the Globe, which satisfies me that he saw proper
to indulge in a spirit and strain of remark preju-
dicial to me and other members of the House of
Representatives. He can do as J have done. He |
can read my statement in the Globe. It may be j
difficult again to get the floor. I would much pre-!
fer he were here. j
The member from New York read certain obli-  
gations which he alleged were the obligations of1
the American, or " Know Nothing51 party, as he i
termed it. I was a member of the American party ,
when it had its organization, under obligations m j
the State of Tennessee. [ have to say that that'
which he read as its obligation is not identical !
witlj anything I have a knowledge of. It is ma- !
terially different from the obligation which 1 rec- j
ognize, in spirit and m letter. But the member !
from New York characterizes the obligations of i
the American party as " treasonable and nnconsli- ;
tutional." Tins language is not justly applicable '
either to what he read as the obligations, or to ij
what were really the obligations, of the American 1
party. It is manifest to any gentleman who will ij
rend his speech, that the purpose of the member 1
from New Yoik was to stigmatize the members
of the American party. Now, sir, I am satisfied ,•
that, in order to indulge the animus winch per- ;
vades his speech of excited hostility to the Amer- :
ican party, the member from New York has ut- 1
tered a falsehood which was dishonoring to him, 1
and with which 1 brand him,and am responsible ;;
for what I sav. That is all I have to say. \\
s Mr. TOMPKINS. Mr. Chairman, I avail my- i-
self of this opportunity to discuss what la famil- j
larly known as the Kansas question; and, in con* j;
nection with that, the exciting question of slavery. ;
If these subjects are disagreeable to a portion of '
this committee, I nevertheless feel it to be my pnv- j:
ilege—my imperative duty—as one of the repre-;;
sentativeSof the people of the great State of Ohio, :j
to speak my opinions to-day upon these subjects. !j
That they are here now for discussion is no fault j:
of mine, or of those whom I have the honor to i!
represent; and if the country is rent with disson- 1
sions; if this Government is ultimately overthrown !;
and destroyed—I can certainly quote the great |i
master of nature with as much propriety as did jj
the distinguished member from New York, on
this floor, a fev/ days since: ■!
Thou enns't not say, I did it; never shake j'
Thy gory locks at tne.'' j!
Twice the free States of this Union have sub- |j
rmtted to the unreasonable demands of slavery, ;i
And humiliated themselves for the sake of peace, j:
But to the repeal of the Missouri compromise they
never have submitted quietly, and I know they j;
never will. The contest has now begun, and I say, j,
u Lay on. MncriiifT! [■
And damned be hun that first ones hold 1 enough V j i
I am opposed to the admission of Kansas as j;
one of the States of this Union with her present !'
constitution. The paramount reason is, tins con- i!
stitution establishes and sustains slavery, I shall j;
oppose her admission with her present constitu- i;
tion. It is wholly immaterial to me whether that jj
constitution has been submitted to the people of |
the Territory for their sanction or not. I will not •)
at this time stop to inquire whether it meets the ap-
probation of the present inhabitants. The time
was when I would have felt justified in voting for
the admission of a State with a slavery constitu-
tion, if it was formed out of territory south of 36°
30' north latitude, that belonged to* this Govern-
ment at the time the Missouri compromise was
adopted. I think it was the understanding of the
parties to that compact that such States should be
admitted; if not expressed, it was certainly im-
plied, that such States should be admitted. If
this was the understanding, national faith would
have'required their admission.
But by the repeal of the Missouri compromise
the obligation ceased. I feel that every man in
this country is free to act as his conscience may
dictate. By the repeal of -the Missouri compro-
mise, the gauntlet is thrown at once. The Re-
publican party have accepted the gage, and the
contest is between freedom and slavery. The con-
test is an unequal one. The Republican party is
unaided by Government patronage, or Govern-
ment influence. Forthe last four years the slavery
party in this country has had the countenance and
support of the President of the United States.
The Army of the nation, and not only that, but
the judicial department of the Government has
prostituted its powers, and is willing to "grind
m the prison house" at the behest of this polit-
ical Delilah. The Supreme Court certainly has
shown itself quite as willing to enter the service
of slavery as the most ultra friend of the institu-
tion could desire.
It is true, however, that the late decision of the
court has changcd the opinions of no man upon
the rights of the slaveholder. It has only changed
the opinions men may have entertained in regard
to the individuals who constitute that court. Some
persons may have supposed that they were too
independent and upright to shape their legal opin-
ions to suit any political party, but if there were
any such persons prior to the decision of the Dred
Scott case, there are none such now. It is a mel-
ancholy reflection for freemen, that the department
of this Government that we looked to as the rock
of safety, and that we expected to stand as a wall
of fire between ftoedom and slavery, has shown
itself more subservient to slavery than any other
department of the Government.
The other departments have usually waited, I
believe, until an opportunity offered—until there
has been a show of pretense for their aid. They
have not rendered their services without being re-
quested to do so. But the judicial department, in
this instance, voluntarily stepped out of its way,
in violation of all precedent, and on the hill-tops
it now shamelessly proclaims its prostitution to
the world.
I have said there is now to be a contest between
freedom and slavery; and I am proud to say that
the great Republican party of the country, of
which I am but an humble member, stands forth
as the champion of freedom and the rights of man.
I will say now, that 1 claim no right to interfere
with slavery inthe States where itexists; neither
does the Republican party, as a body, claim any
such right. I do not desire to interfere with it in
the States. But I avow that I have a legal, con-
stitutional right to resist the extension of slavery
into any free territory belonging now to this Gov-
ernment; and no earthly power in existence can
deprive me of it. I have already said that I am
free from all national obligations to voto for the
extension of slavery into any of the territories
belonging to this Government; and I will resist
its extension whenever and wherever I choose to
do so. This is the doctrine, I believe, that was
inaugurated three years ago, and is now con~
tended for by a verylaige majority of anti-slavery
men in this country. J avail myself of this op-
portunity to say that there really are but two par-
ties in this country. There is the slavery party
and the anti-slavery party. There really is no
Democratic party. There is a party that, out of
personal respect and courtesy, we call the Dem-
ocratic party. But it this day has no separate
and distinct existence. It has been swallowed
up—utterly absorbed by the slavery party. I do
not say this by way of insult, or to make myself
offensive to any one, but I say it because truth
and candor require it—because things that are
transpiring every day before our eyes carry this
conviction home to the heart.
Before proceeding to state the reasons why I
am opposed to the extension of slavery, I desire
to refer to one charge that is made against the
Republican party of this country. That is the
charge of Abolitionism. I care nothing about the
charge personally, neither do I presume that any
member of the party does; but I refer to it because
some honest men may be drawn away from us
because this charge is made. I refer, also, to an-
other charge that is made against us—that is, that
we contend for negro equality. I say now most
emphatically that the Republican party is not an
Abolitionist party; that we have never at any tune
made any attempt to raise the black man to an
equality with the whites. There may be men that
now vote with the Republican party that were
called Abolitionists, but they have not indoctrin-
ated u with their opinions or their creeds.
These charges are not made because any intel-
ligent man believes them. There is no intelligent
man but knows them to be utterly false and with-
out any foundation whatever. These charges are
made by designing demagogues to mislead the ig-
norant and to excite a prejudice in the minds of the
vulgar and the depraved. The black man nowhere
has such fierce and deadly foes as in the wretched,
ignorant, and depraved of earth. The more wretch-
ed and degraded a white man may be, the more
deadly he hates and despises a negro; for the rea-
son, he is fearful the negro is better than himself,
and therefore comes in competition with him for
the esteem of respectable white men. Ilcncc you
j will hear the detestable wretch, with bloated face,
j blood-shot eyes, seared and blistered lips, with
| ragged and tattered garments, screaming at the top
■ of his voice, " Abolitionists !"
This charge has had the effect to drive all the
j ignorant away from us; and many well-meaning
: men refuse to vote for our candidates, because
! they think we are really Abolitionists, in the
1 full sense of the term. We have also been unable
i to hold another class of men—men who regard
'j themselves as the aristocracy of the North. They
i found that the industrious yeoman, the skillful
j mechanics, and the hardy sons of toil, who con-
| stitute a very large proportion of the Republican
l party, had no sympathy and feelings with them,
j They have gone to the only aristocracy there is in
1 this country. The Republican party may rejoice
that it is freed from such deadweight—they would
be worse than a millstone about its neck. In
resisting the extension of slavery I make no
appeals'to the slaveholder to excite their sym-
pathy in behalf of the enslaved and oppressed.
This has been done so frequently, and without
any effect, that they have become hardened; so
that nothing but the "bursting of volcanoes or
the crush of the riven world" could move them.
I indulge in no sentimentality for the slave; Ican
do him no good. While I say this, I say that 1
believe slavery to bo the greatest moral evil that
! can exist. 41 It is the monarch of crimes, and the
| jewels that adorn its crown are tears and blood."
| *I oppose it because of the great wrong that itdoe3
| to the white race. It deprives white labor of its
: just reward. It builds up no middle class of in-
: tdhgent farmers, artisans, and mechanics, who
j constitute the real strength, who make the real
1 wealth, and are justly the pride and glory of the
I freeStates. Where slavery is, there will, of course,
be a class of well-educated, refined, and accom-
plished men—there will be refined society; and so
there is, in many of the despotisms in Europe.
But the proportion of educated men in the slave
States, I presume, is not by any means equal to
those in the free States. The South has produced
some great statesmen—men of whom the country
may justly be proud; but, as a general thing, they
were to "titles born,reputation and luxurious life."
I do not denounce slaveholders as a class. There
are many honest and just men among them—men
of benevolence and kindness of heart; but the sys-
tem is demoializmg. and must, to a greater or less
degree, demoralize the country where it exists. I
oppose it, because it oppresses the poor; because
it deprives labor of its just reward; it deprives
the poor of the means of education; it degrades
labor, the only means of producing wealth in this
or any other country. Where slavery exists, the
road to honor and fame is hedged up from the
poor, and they never can free themselves from
those " twin jailers of the daring heart, low birth
and iron fortune." There is nothing "to lure
them on to those inspiring toils by which maa
masters man.*'
