1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
April 28,
unless California surrendered it; and thegreat lead-
ing minds of the Senate treated it as an utterly
unfounded assumption. California was admitted
without any such provision; and from that day
down to this the United States have been dispos-
ing of the public lands in that State, and Califor-
nia has never presumed to impose a tax upon
them. In the courts and in the halls of legisla-
tion that has been the concession,—that there is no
power in the various States to impose taxes upon
the lands of the General Government lying within
their borders. That was the decision of the Su-
preme Court in the case in 3d Howard,to which
I have alluded, where this question as to the va-
lidity of the conditions in the land grant to Ala-
bama, and the principle on which they wore valid
or void, was considered. The court held that,
though in the form of conditions or eompac.ts,
such restrictions as were valid derived their force,
not from being compacts—for Congress could
make none with a State limiting its power—but
from being laws of Congress on subjects within
its constitutional power, and operative without
the assent of the State; that they are merely laws
regulating the public lands; that the States have
no power to tax those lands, whether they shall
assent or not assent to any condition; that it is a
power existing paramount in Congress, and that
the States can exert no authority over the subject.
So far, therefore, as this bill provides that Kan-
sas shall not tax the lands of the United States,
that it shail not interfere with the United States
making: its arrangements relative to the public
lands, that it shall not interpose any obstruction
to any law passed by Congress for the disposition
of the public domain, it does not operate byway
of a compact; it merely sets forth, in the form of
a. condition, a declaration on the pai;t of Congress
thatsuchare the public rights of the United States,
operative without the assent and in spite of the
dissent of the State of Kansas; not conditions
divesting any sovereign rights she would other-
wise have, but laws of Congress she is bound to
obey under the Constitution of the United States.
But, sir, I suppose that the power of the west-
ern States to tax the landi within their limits not
belonging to the United States, is one of their sov-
ereign rights. Their power to tax lands in the
hands of individuals is absolute. There is no power
in Congress lo impose any limitation upon it. If
Congress can impose limitations upon one part
of the lands belonging to individuals in the States,
it can impose conditions on other portions of lands
belonging to individuals in the States. If they
can say, as a condition of the admission of a State
into the Union, that the State shall provide that
non-residentproprietors'shallnot be taxed higher
than residents' lands, they can also say that per-
sons shall not be taxed; that no poll-tax shall be
imposed; that no tax on personal property shall
be imposed; that no tax on tavern licenses slmll
be imposed; that no tax on mercantile licenses
shall be imposed; that no tax upon sale or trans-
fer of goods and chattels shall be imposed. If,
therefore, Congress has any right to exact, as a
condition of admission, that any portion of the
taxing power of the State shall be given up, they
ran strip the State of all taxing power; they can
regulate the whole fiscal system of the gtate by a
condition of admission; they can strip the State
of every power of maintaining itself, or dictate to
it a system contrived to foster or ruin some branch
of national industry. The principle goes fully to
the extentcontended for by the most extreme men
of the North; this conference bill carries with it
the principle that Congress can impose a condition
limiting the authority of the State on the sa'ypct of
Us domestic institutions—the relations of husband
and wife, the relations of parent and child, the
relations of guardian and ward, the relations of
master and servant; all that is needful is to sub-
iiiittite for the words of the bill, " nor tax non-
resident proprietors higher than residents," the
words, " nor to establish slavery within its lim-
its;" and the extent of the principle is apparent.
Sir, does this bill do that thing? If it does,
then / desire some gentleman to meet that one
question directly—not to rise here, and say that
< Congress possesses the power to declare con-
ditions With reference to control over the public
domain, (that they have, whether reserved or not;)
hut I ask gentlemen to show me any authority,
d.rect or indirect, implied or expressed, which
gives to Congress the guardianship of the taxing
power of the States over lands in the hands of
individuals. If there be any such power, then
this bill is constitutional; if there be ne such
power, then this bill is unconstitutional; and no
gentleman here who is of that opinion, and re-
gards his oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, Can give it his assent.
Now, sir, in the proposition which the people of
Kansas mustaccept, before they can becomc aState
under the Lecompton constitution, it is provided:
" The foregoing propositions hereinbefore offered are on
the condition that the people of Katiaas shall provide by an
ordinance, irrevocable without the consent of the United
States, thai said State shall never inteifere with the primary
i disposal of the soil within the same, by the United States,
or with any regulations Congress may find necessaiy for
securing the title in said sod to bona fide purchasers."
If it had stopped there, this condition would not
have excluded my support. But it proceeds: " that
IN NO CASE "SHALL NON-RESIDENT PROPRIETORS BE
TAXED HIGHER THAN RESIDENT'S."
Non-resident proprietors Who are they? Is
the United States a non-resident proprietor ? Did
the committee mean to include the public lands of
the United States under those words, when they
had previously said that 110 tax should be imposed
upon lands held by the United States? Who is
a non-resident proprietor within the meaning of
that provision ? The United States is, to the
extent of its delegated powers, everywhere para-
mount over all other delegated authorities: it
spreads undivided, it operates unspent, from the
Gulf to the Canadas; it is present everywhere, in
every State and in every Territory; it is present
here in our midst, and it is present on the confines
ofOregon. It is no non-resident proprietor. This,
then, is an attempt to impose a limitation on the
power of the State to tax men who hare bought their
lands from the United states, and arc subject to the
State sovereignty. It is an attempt to impose'a
limitation upon the power of the State to tax the
lands which it may see fit to tax, according to dif-
ferent rates. We may think it right or wrong
that any such thing as a discrimination should be
drawn between resident and non-resident propri-
etors. I submit that that question is not for us.
It is a question of State policy. It is referred to
the State authority. It is for it to say whether
large speculators residing in the East shall, by
holding great masses of lands out of the market,
prevent the filling up of the West, and retard its
growth in populaiion. It is a question whether
the States shall have a right to control their own
internal affairs so as to prevent an Irish system
of absenteeism. This bill proposes that the State
shall follow our ideas of policy and not theirs;
that the State shail frame their State taxation laws
on considerations of policy as to what is best for
the whole country, and not on their considerations
of policy as to what is best for themselves.
I submit, therefore, that this provision is a di-
rect limitation on the sovereign legislative power
of Kansas, made as a condition precedent to the
admission of the State, and without assenting to
which by an irrevocable ordinance she cannot be
admitted into the Union. That is what the com-
mittee of conference have proposed we shall dcr.
Sir, that lino in their bill reverses in every par-
ticular the whole traditional policy and politics
of the South. That line throws away the great
victory won by Henry Clay and William Pmck-
ney, ill the Missouri contest. It breaks down the
constitutional barrier which protects the South
against the imposing of other and more offensive
terms of admission on other States. That line,
if you pass this bill, will shut the mouth ofevery
southern man to deny the right of an invading and
aggressive majority to imposeany, the most offen-
sive, humiliating, and dangerous conditions on
the application of slave Territories in the future
for admission as States.
Sir, 1 here represent a so-uhern siave State,
; not so greatly interested in tins question as others
i are, but still deep:;/ and profoundly interested—
aState more nesily touched by the agitation of
this question than any other State—a State losir.g
more negroes a year, by the failure to execute the
fugitive slave law, than all the other Srates put
together—a border State, and hence,"ill case of
serious difficulty, more directly interested than
South Carolina herself; for she has si tier of patri-
otic southern States between her and any aggres-
sors.
The State of Maryland is on the frontier. It
was that which illuminated William Pinckney
when he arose to defend the rights of the States.
I profess to be .his humble follower in the great
path of constitutional right. Here to-day, in the
name of Maryland, I enter my solemn protest
against conceding that great right which thegreat
men of the Republic so long contended for, so tri-
umphantly vindicated, and which is so vital to the
maintenance of the interests of the South.
Now, sir, gentlemen need not tell me that these
very words are contained in many of the grants of
lands to the States on their admission into the
Union, North and South. That is true;.but it is
irrelevant. The words are there, but the condition
is attached not to the admission of the State, but
to the acceptance of the grant of lands. They are
there as conditions of the acceptance of the grant.
They are made to States, to be accepted by State3
already admitted ;'not to applicants for admission,
to be accepted as the only terms on which they
will beadmitted. They are the words of equal deal-
ing with equal. They are not conditions without
which a State cannot come into the Union. They
are conditions without which the grant would be
void, merely affecting the grant alone, and which,
if rejected, would leave untouched the existence
of the State. These words have, in some acts,
been inserted as conditions on which the grants
were made, but since the Missouri contest never
in a single instance has the acceptance of the grant
been made indispensable to obtaining admission
to the Union, till this report of the committee of
conference was .laid before us. I aver here to-
day, and I challenge any gentleman here to rise
and deny it, that this is the first time in the his-
tory of the country, since the Missouri contest,
when there has ever been an attempt to make the
yielding up of the power of taxation the control-
ling condition under which we consent to admit
a State into the Union. I say it deliberately; 5
say it after having carefully, a night or two ago,
refreshed my memory by reading the statutes of
the United States admitting every State which has
been admitted into the Union.
It is true, that in the early history of the Gov-
ernment there were loose ideas prevailing as to
the power of Congress to impose conditions upon
States prior to their admission into the Union.
There were, as I have said, anomalous conditions
imposed upon the admission of Mississippi and
Louisiana into the Union. There may have been
such conditions imposed upon one or two other
States which were admitted prior to the-time to
which I have made allusion, when this great ques-
tion was adjudicated upon and settled. It was
then settled as one of the fundamental principles
of the Constitution itself, that States which aie
admitted into the Union shall come in upon an
equal footing with the original States. These are
household words. They are recognized univer-
sally as containing a sentiment as sacred as the
Constitution itself, until I had almost forgotten
that they were not actually incorporated in that
great instrument. So distinct an impression had
they made upon my mind, that I supposed not
only that they embodied the common law inter-
pretation of the Constitution, but that they were
themselves words of that great instrument. I had
an impression that the men who founded the Re-
public had written them on its corner-stone, until
I turned to the Constitution and found that they
were not there. But, sir, they have been accepted
as the formal expression of the deep meaning of
the Constitution; and no man now will venture to
question their soundness or speak lightly of their
value as the accepted exposition of the Constitu-
tion of the Republic. I therefore conclude that
this bill is equally unprecedented and unconstitu-
tional.
It is true that in the early day of the Republic
there were conditions inserted in enabling acts in-
fringing on the sovereign equality of the States,
as in the cases of Louisiana and Mississippi; but
those piecedcnls were considered and declared un-
sound in the Missouri contest.
Since that day no condition impairing in the
least degree the sovereign power of a State under
the Constitution has ever been required to be as-
sented to as a condition of admission into the
Union.
Congress has admitted States on condition of
assent to boundaries; but the boundary of a State
is essential to its identity, and can be fixed only •
by the concurrence of Congress and the people
forming the State. It is essential to the existence
