2884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Mr. COLLAMER. I offer an amendment:
And be it further enacted, That post offices shall be open
for the receipt and delivery of letters and mail matter for
all persons at the same time, and no practice or ariauge-
ment shall be allowed by which any person or persons, lor
any consideration, can obtain their letters or papers earlier
or later at said offices, than all or any others may receive
their letters or papers on applying therefor, nor shall any
practice or arrangement exist whereby any person or per-
sons can mail their letters or papers earlier or later than all
or any other persons may mail their letters or papers on
offering so to do.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. An amendment was offered in
Committee of the Whole by the Senator from In-
diana, [Mr. Fitch,] which I renew:
Ardbeit further enacted, That so much of the eighteenth
section of an act entitled " An act to reduce the rates of
postage, to limit the nse and to correct the abuse of the
franking privilege, and for the prevention of frauds on the
revenues of the Post Office Department," approved March
3,1845, as requires the advertisement of letters uncalled for
m any post office to be inserted m the newspaper or news-
papers having the largest circulation in the town or place
where the office advertising is situated, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed. And the Postmaster General shall hence-
-forth designate the newspaper or newspapers at each town
or place where a post office is situated in which such ad-
vertisement shall henceforth be made.
I propose to add a proviso that the compensa-
tion shall not exceed what is now allowed. It is
not my purpose to alter the compensation, but it
is to break up a very great abuse and a shameless
fraud that is practiced on the community by this
system. If the letter lists were, in point of fact,
given in every case to the newspaper with the
largest circulation, I would not care anything
about it; but the fact is, that there are false affi-
davits, and pretexts, and fictitious circulations, set
on foot to get the advertising the first time, and
then, after that, the letter list gives the circula-
tion, becausc people take the paper in order to
get the letter list. There is no necessity for the
preset provision, because the circulation of the
paper has no more connection with the delivery
of the letters than the advertisement of the sher-
iff's list. The sheriff does riot advertise in any
such paper; nor are the advertisements of the State
governments, or city governments, or county gov-
ernments, published in any such way. If you
give this list out to the lowest bidder, I have no
objection; but the fact is, thata newspaper strives
to get up a fictitious circulation to entitle itself for
one year to the letter list, and then the letter list
gives the paper a circulation, so that it goes on,
and the object which Congress had in view in
this provision of the law is not carried out at all.
Although the compensation paid is not even more
than sufficient to pay for setting up the type, the
reason the newspapers want it is, that it gives
them a circulation; and there has been.great con-
troversy about it. In the early part of this ses-
sion I had a pamphlet sent to me—and I suppose
other Senators had—showing that a great contro-
versy had arisen in the city of New York between
the New York Herald and the New York Sun,
as to which of them had the largest circulation.
There were a great number of affidavits, to show
which was entitled to the advertising; and then
they have a system of counting evening and
morning editions, and weekly and semi-weekly
editions, so that it is like the printing proposi-
tions that my friend from Arkansas brings before
us occasionally—nobody understands, and no-
body can understand it. I think we had better
go back to the old system. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of detaining the Senate; but if the argument
which the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from
Indiana have used is correct, that the paper which
gets the advertising of the letter list must of ne-
cessity be taken by the business community, we
see at once that the whole patronage, so far as
that is concerned, is put m the hands of the Post
Office Department; and it will be a mere political
engine. The influence which is exercised by the
Post Office Department over the press, whatever
party happens to be in power, is enough already.
I think the law had better stand as it is. It is sub-
mitted on affidavits to the postmaster, and he de-
cides on the affidavits as they are presented; and
the paper which has the largest circulation, as a
matter of course, is the paper which ought to
publish the list. It is the best for the community,
and does not compel one party to take a paper
they do not like.
Mr. PUGH. How does the Senator estimate
which paper has the largest circulation ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The postmasters decide
that; and (hey are generally disposed to decide in
favor of a paper of their own political complex^
ion, if the)' can bring their consciences up to the
point of doin^ so.
Mr. BRIGHT. I concur entirely with what
was said by the Senator from Ohio. I think this
amendment will produce a very salutary influence.
It will remove men from temptation. It is said
the best prayer ever made was, " lead us not into
temptation." It removes the temptation from the
editors of newspapers to do just what my friend
from Ohio stated—swearing a little beyond the j
mark, going out and getting fictitious subscribers,
getting A B, or C D, to add a few hundred names
to take the paper for a few days, and then throw
it off. I am in favor of throwing the responsi-
bility on the postmasters. It properly belongs
there. The presumption is, that they will take
that paper which has the most general circulation
in the neighborhood of their office. I think there
is great propriety in the amendment, and I hope
it will be adopted.
Mr. SEWARD. The principle of the honor-
able Senator from Indiana, if carried out, would
make a very simple change in our whole system
of laws and of administration. We should re-
peal all duties in order to take out of the way the
temptations to smuggling, and to defraud the rev-
enue; we should repeal all laws prohibiting crime
in order to take away the temptation to perjury,
and subornation of perjury to avoid punishment.
The principle cannot be carried out againsta par-
amount public policy. 1 think we all remember
that, when this law was passed some thirteen
years ago, there was an intolerable abuse. Then,
I think, we had fifteen or sixteen hundred post
offices to which the law was applicable, and now
we have three thousand five hundred; and the
proposition is, that the Administration shall have
the opportunity of disposing of these advertise-
ments, in the way of political patronage, at every
post office in the United States. It results„neces-
saniy, in obliging the Government to advertise
in more than one paper; so that the effect of such
a patronage may be counteracted by division be-
tween different parties. I am sure that if you
repeal the law because it is not executed with en-
tire success, you will introduce a system which
will be subject to manifold and greater abuses.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. I think, on reflection,
that the object of the Senator from Indiana is a
very praiseworthy one; and that is, to improve
the morals of his friends by making it not so much
a matter of necessity for them to resort to hard
swearing to bring themselves up to a superiority
over the circulation of the papers on the other
side 
Mr. BRIGHT. I meant that remark more
particularly for the side of politics represented by
the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not, at all; that cannot be
so. What the Senator means is manifest; because,
if the papers of the Senator's friends had the largest
circulation they could not bring forward such a
proposition as this, and we know that at pres-
ent they get. a large amount of advertising, and
of course it must be by hard swearing; because
everybody knows that the Republican papers, as
a general rule, have the largest circulation. As
this goes to the improvement of morals generally
on the other side of the House, and that is very
essential, I do not know but that it is worth con-
sidering.
Mr. PUGH. It is your case, too. Your morals
must be in a shocking condition if you get all
; these advertisements. The point I make is, that
we had a good system; it worked well under Dem-
ocrats and Whigs and everybody; but it was said
we were going to have a grand patent plan which
would make the Post Office Department more
effectual. "We have tried it, and it has come to
be a perfect pretext and sham. Instead of fixing
it upon any basis, they mix up, as I said before,
the morning edition and evening edition, which
differ only in five or six lines of telegraphic dis-
patches. They mingle tri-weekly papers and semi-
weekly daily papeis. It is ail like this system of
public printing that is brought before us. The
initiated understand how to swear, and they swear
so as to get it. It is an advantage conferred upon
a newspaper, not for its merit, but for its having
the most elastic conscience attached to the estab-
lishment to swear by. I think we had better go
back to where we were before. When the Re-
publicans come into power, I hope they will ex-
ercise all their patronage. I never object to that.
When my party is in power .I think we are enti-
tled to it. If they are going to carry the next
presidential election,as they say, they ought not
to object to this proposition.
Mr. SIMMONS. When I was up before, I
suggested the reasons for the alteration of the
law, which was effected by the adoption of the
present system. The Senator from Ohio did not
happen to be in at that time. I was a member of
the Post Office Committee in 1845, when this pro-
vision was made. The Senator says, that before
that time we had an excellent system, of which
no body complained. Well, sir, there was on
that committee in 1845, a member who had been
Postmaster General of the United States, and it
was at his suggestion that the old system was
broken up. He said it was carricd on for the
benefit of the party press, and nothing else, and
it was time to put a stop to it. He suggested the
present law. I allude to Mr. Niies, of Connec-
ticut, who was Postmaster General during the
administiation of Mr. Van Buren. The com-
mittee devised the plan of giving this advertising
to the papers having the largest circulation, be-
cause such papers would do the largest public
service for the same money. Certainly, by put-
ting the advertisements in such papers, the more
readily will people ascertain whose letters are in
the post office. In any considerable town there
is a paper of each party, and it is an object to
get the letter advertising, because, as the Senator
from Ohio^ says, it gives circulation to a paper.
The old plan was that persons got up a mere
party paper, depending on the letter advertise-
ments and the patronage of the Post Office Depart-
ment.
Mr. PUGH. I did not say the patronage was
enough. This patronage does not more than pay
for setting the type, but it gives a paper circula-
tion.
Mr. SIMMONS. Exactly. But through the
instrumentality of the Post Office advertising you
start up a new paper. That is the idea. Now,
is it not better to let the paper which has the
largest circulation take theadvertising ? As to the
fraudulent manner of increasing the circulation,
the postmasters ought to know enough to prevent
such things. 1 do not suppose that in any city,
East or West, there can be much doubt as to the
paper which really has the largest circulation.
There might be some close calculation about
weekly and semi-weekly papers that might vary
it, but it is pretty well understood, in almost every
consideiabie town, what paper has the largest cir-
culation. I suppose there are occasional disputes,
and will be under any system; but 1 believe that
it is best to provide for giving this advertising to
the papers having the largest circulation. What
is the use of employing a paper that has fifty or
one hundred subscribers? The public get no in-
formation from that as to whether their letters are
retained in the office or not. There is no better
test of the advantage of employing a paper than
the amount of its circulation. That shows the
extent to which the information you want to con-
vey is given to the public by advertising in it.
That is the rule now applied; and no better one
is proposed.
This proposition is a mere arbitrary rule, that
a postmaster can employ whom he chooses. He
might have a family paper got up for a particular
clique, and he might give it this advertisement to
put it afloat and get subscribers; for, according to
the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio, if a paper
can get the letter list, it will get a circulation. I
think it palpable that the public interest is pro-
moted by employing the papeis having the largest
circulation. I think it is the best possible rule
we can apply for the Department to act upon in
this matter.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend this amend-
ment by striking out the words " the Postmaster
General shall henceforth designate the newspa-
per or newspapers at each town or place where
a post office is situated in which such advertise-
ments shall henceforth be made," and inserting,
" the Postmaster General shall henceforth cause
the same to be published in such newspaper as
will publish it at the lowest rate, provided the
