1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
I oppose the extension of slavery into the Ter-
ritories of this Government because, if this insti-
tution is permitted to go there, the mtelligentfree
laborers of tins country never will consent to live
with slaves; the free States will be deprived of
their just and equal rights in the Territories; these
Territories never will add anything to the real
greatness of the country. But! belfeve if these
Territories are occupied only by freemen, a great
people will ultimately grow up m them, surpass-
in? tn power and glory anything the world has
ever seen. I am opposed to slavery, because the
white inhabitants where it exists live in constant
dread and alarm. They know not but they are
slumbering on a volcano that, in a moment, may
overwhelm them with destruction.
Who has not heard with horror—whose blood
has not curdled in his veins—whose heart has not
sickened at the recital of the butcheries of Nat
Turner, and his murderous crew, when the blood
of tender and innocent children drenched the soil
of the Old Dominion? Then, orators and states-
men awakened from their long lethargy, and
hurled their denunciations at the institution until
they shook its very foundation. But the cry of
the murdered innocents has passed .away upon
hollow winds. Their pure spirits have ascended
to the throne of God. Their mortal bodies have
moidcred away in the silent tomb. The learned
statesmen and eloquent orators are now silent;
and ihe peopkPof the Old Dominion are to-day
nursing: the viper in their bosoms with more ten-
der solicitude than they overdid before. I oppose
slavery because it advocates and justifies the fit-
ting out of military expeditions, and makes war
upon weak and defenseless people, with whom
we are at peace. Although it was said on this
floor, sincethecommencementof the presentCon-
gress, that the Nicaraguan question had no ne-
groes connected with it—that the ic were no negroes
in that country—with all due respect for the pur-
sons who entertain that opinion, I say, there
would have been no discussion on this floor about
the capture of Walker, had it not been for the
question of slavery. The members on this floor
who condemn the President, and sustain Walker',
are, I believe, the advocates of slavery. They
want Central America, because they want to ex-
tend the dominions of slavery. I presume no man
believes that if Walker had been engaged in mak-
ing war upon Canada, that the slavery advocates
would have justified him in his lawless adventure !
The walls of this Hall would have trembled under
their denunciations against him.
But there is still a greater reason than these, j
than any, or all of them, against its extension. .!
There can benofreedomfov white men, where black !j
men are held as slaves. In the slave States of Jj
this Union men are to-day deprived of the liberty ij
of speech and the freedom of the press. You ji
may boast of your Constitution guarantying to 1
every man this right; but the Constitution has not i
the strength of a rope of sand. It is trampled under
foot by the mob. In the southern States of this
Union no man can exercise the freedom of speech
unless the mob will permit it, I saw a man last j
winter in Columbus, Ohio, who was a man of edu-
cation and refinement, who had been a professorin
a literary college, (as I was informed,) who was
driven out of the State of North Carolina because
he declared that he desiied the election of Fre-
mont as President of the United States. Because
he exercised the freedom of speech—a right " in-
estimable to freemen, and formidable to tyrants i
only;" for declaring his sentiments upon one of
the great political questions of the day, an infu-
riated mob collected together and compelled him
fo flee for his lifi?; he was driven from his native
State, from his kinsmen, his friends, and his home;
he had to go forth a wanderer in the earth. Well
might he say, with Bertram—
" F have no country; that dear name
' Comprises home, kind kmdied, ft>3tenng friends,
Piuteetui" la\v  ! But none of these are mine." ij
It will be recollected that a respectable minister jj
of the Gospel from the State of Virginia attended j!
the Republican convention held in Philadelphia j|
in 1856; and for doing this never was permitted jj
to return to his home, and was compelled to seek ;
refuge from violence in one of the free States. !'
Such things arc, I presume, of frequent occur-
rence in the slave States; if they are not, it is be-
cause no man there has the temerity to associate
with Republicans, or to attend their conventions.
I saw a man within the last six weeks, who re-
sides in the State of Virginia. He said that he
had no doubt but that if Fremont had been elected
President of the United States, the country would
have been quite as well off as it is with the pres-
ent incumbent. " But," said he,<{ I dare not say
that at home." Thus it is the mouths of freemen
are stopped; yet those that do it will taunt the
Republican party with being a sectional party,
when they know no man entertaining free senti-
ments and free opinions would be permitted to live"
amongst them. How long has it been since we
saw an account of a bookselling establishment
being broken up in the South, the property de-
stroyed, the owners compelled to fly for personal
safety? Why was their property destroyed?
Why were they driven from the country? The
public prints of the day said it was because they
had a book for sale that was written by a negro..
No man will be safe to read the Declaration of
Independence in the State of Virginia, if their
statute should be enforced. Dare any man pro-
claim "that all men are created equal, endowed
by their Creator with certain inalienable rights,
and among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness?" Dare any man say that God
" hath made of one blood all nations to dwellupon
the face of all the earth?"
It is made a crime by statutes in some of the
slave States to say that man cannot hold property
in man, or that man cannot hold property in a
slave. If by word or deed, yea, " by invisible
thought, or unuttered wish," any man should at-
tempt to inculcate the doctrine that slaves are not
property, or that man cannot hold property in
man, he will be forced to leave the country. Vou
men of the slave States must burn the Declaration
of Independence; you must expunge from the rec-
ords of your court the will of Washington; you
must proscribe the writings of Jefferson, and the
free and glorious sentiments of Randolph; you
must erase from the memory of man the teachings
of the conscript fathers of the Republic; you must
blot from the history of your country the glories
of Lexington and Bunker Hill. Why was John
Adams born ? or why did Washington live ? The
heroes of the Revolution died in vain. They waded
through rivers and seas of blood to establish in-
dependence. But there is a despotism to-day reign-
ing over the minds of men in parts of this country
as absolute as there is in any Christian country
in the world.
I take no pleasure in repeating these things. I
would be glad to avoid it if I couid, but I would
not be a proper representative of a free people if
I did not this day declare the truth.
It will be said, no doubt, that these statutes are
necessary for the safety of the white race where
slavery exists. I do not doubt that these laws
are deemed absolutely necessary to the very ex-
istence of the white population; "but I say it is the
most guevous misfortune that could befall any
people. Where these statutes exist " freedom
can only be a name.5' If these statutes are neces-
sary for the personal safety of the white race m
the slave States—r-and it is declared by men of truth
they are—then I say I am furnished with an ar-
gument against the extension of slavery that is
incontrovertible and conclusive upon the subject.
If the press has to be muzzled; if there has to be
a clasp upon the mouth and a seal upon the lips;
if fiee and glorious thoughts have to sicken and
die unuttered; why try to extend this, the most
terrible of despotisms? Let me say, m the elo-
quent language of Kotzebue—
i( Let what is within, molder and decav. Why—why
strive to open ihe wretched cJurnei-house. and spread the
pestilence around
The spirit of slavery has not only subdued and
stopped the mouths of men m the slave States,
but theie are men in the free States that yield their
independence and forfeit their manhood at the dic-
tation of the task-masters at the South. It has
affected, in a greater or less dogreo, a proportion
of the Democratic party at the North. In the
language of an eloquent writer—
u The spun of fdaveiy has passed upon the power of the
party like a thing of neeromnney, winmna: them to Us com-
mand and bowing them to its will, until they have stood
stricken and panting before u like cornered deer before the
inexoiabie hunter.'-'
They have forfeited their manhood and their in-
dependence. They have sacrificed their opinions
and principles at the command of the southern
slaveholder. Who was more clamorous for the
Wilmot proviso than many of the Democracy of
the free States? who denounced the fugitive slave
law more fiercely and terribly khan the Democ-
racy of Ohio? but who is now more subservient to
the slave power than they? It is true we have
seen some signs of insurrection and rebellion in
this House since the sitting of the present Con?
gress. I am glad to see it; and, if any of those who
manifest this independence should feel symptoms
of spinal disease, I hope they will receive such
remedies from their constituents as will remove
all complaints. I have not the least doubt that
the advocates of slavery this day feel more re-
spect for those members of the Democratic party
from the free States who refuse to aid slavery,
than they do for the man who gives them his sup-
port. When the inquiry is made why these mea
humble themselves at the command of the task-
master, the reply is, they are national men, and
they fear the Union will be dissolved. I hive no
such apprehension, and I have no patience with
the man that talks about it; and, without mean-
ing disrespect to any one on this floor, I say, if
there is any man who is the object of scorn and
contempt, it is the northern man vfliocan be fright-
ened from his propriety by the slavery " raw-head
and bloody-bones."
It is not my prerogative to give advice to my
Democratic friends; but I caution them against
becoming Union doctors. It always kills the doc-
tor, but the patient survives. The fate of the
groat Webster should be a warning to all north-
ern men not to sacrifice themselves in any such
way. Mr. Webster turned Union doctor; he cut
loose from his friends at the North, the men that
had stood by him in all his troubles and trials—
men, whos'e respect for him amounted almost to
adoration. He.turned from them; he thrtew.him-
self into the arms of the South. On the 7th of
March, 1850, he made his great speech in favor
of the fugitive slave bill. He aided, by his great
powers, to pass that measure. A little more than
two years thereafter, a convention was held by
the Whig party to nominate a candidate for Presi-
dent. The few remaining friends that Mr. Web-
ster had were represented in that convention.
They expected the Whigdelegates from the South
would support him. The whole country knew
what services he had rendered them—the mighty
efforts he had put forth to aid in passing their
favorite measure. But not one single vote could
be had for him from the slave States. No appeals
that could be made could bring a single man to
his support. I believe it is conceded that his days
were shortened by the action of that convention.
Webster died; but the Union lives, and will live
for generations yet to come.
There has been a series of acts perpetrated re-
cently by the pro-slavery party in this country
that would astound the world, if mankind had not
ceased to be astonished at any act, however out-
rageous, they might commit. I refer to the recent
election frauds in Kansas and Minnesota. I take
but one specimen in Kansas. I take the Oxford
precinct in Johnson county. There was a Demo-
cratic majority of fifteen hundred returned from a
place where every body that knows anything about
it, knows that there were not three hundred voters.
These names that were returned as being'voters
in that precinct, were copied from the Cincinnati
business directory. The return showed upon its
face that it was a fraud. At the time of the re-
turn no man m the Territory pretended that it was
genuine. Nobody pretended there was any such
number of voters there. Nobody pretends any
such thing now—the evidence of the fraud being
so complete and overwhelming that it could not be
resisted. Under these circumstances, Governor
Walker rejected the return; no honest man could
have done anything else. After doing this, he
published a statement of the facts and circum-
stances, justifying himself for what he had done.
In the face of all this evidence, the papers in
the South have raised a yell over it more terrible
than would be raised if a lighted torch had been
thrown into a den of wolves. For doing this act
of justice the Governor forfeited the confidence of
the party, and we have strong reason to believe
for this act has been compelled to resign his office.
What kind of a sight is this for honest men to
look upon ? An A merican statesman, for refusing
to become a party to the most infamous fraud the
world has ever seen, is branded as a traitor to his
party and driven from office. This, perhaps, is
