1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1861
of the State, and till Congress has agreed to its
territory it is no State; and after it has agreed to
its territory it is a State, whose rights are defined
by the Constitution alone. Such was the case of
Michigan.
Congress has required constitutions to be sub-
mitted to a vote; but that was no condition lim-
iting its sovereignty; it was merely a mode of
showing Congress that the people willed thecon-
Btitution. Such was the case of Wisconsin.
Congress has in the act admitting several States
declared it a condition of the admission that the
State should not tax or interfere with the regulation
and disposal of the lands of the United States, and
thatall navigable waters should be free; but these,
though in form conditions, are held merely decla-
rations by Congress of its powers, existing wheth-
er assented to or dissented from by the State—
mere exertions of its power to regulate the public
lands and to regulate commerce among the States.
They were no invasions or limitations of any right
the State, but for these, would have had. The
State was not required to assent to them by an
ordinance, but they stood or fell by the power of
Congress. Such was the case of Iowa, Florida,
and Michigan.
Congress has as well in the enabling acts, as
after the full admission of States, tendered to them
grants of land for their free acceptance or r ejection,
and has declared suck grants of land to be on cer-
tain conditions, such as not to tax United States
lands nor interfere with the sale o'f them, and m
some instances not to tax lands sold for five years,
or not to tax non-resident proprietors higher than
residents. Such are the cases of Ohio, Illinois,
Alabama, Missouri, and others.
But never before has the acceptance of a prop-
osition granting land upon the condition of not
taxing non-resident proprietors higher than res-
idents, been made a condition precedent to admis-
sion, unless a case be found before the Missouri
contest. Never has it been said, surrender your
sovereign power of taxation as the price of an in-
ferior alliance.
In a word, the question of admission has never
been dependent on any condition not necessary
to ascertaining the existence and identity of the
State—the assent to the form of government and
to the territory over which it is to operate.
This biil does make the admission of Kansas
depend on a previous surrender of part of her
sovereign power of taxation; and it does so be-
cause, for the first time, the question of admission
is blended with the question of assent to the prop-
osition touching the land grants and their condi-
tions, instead of following the settled precedents
and principle of submitting the question of ad-
mission with itsincidents—theassenungto the con-
stitution and the boundaries as one question; and
the proposition touching the lands with the con-
dition confined to them—as a separate question to
the free acceptance or rejection of ike people; unaf-
fected by, and having no connection with, the
question of the admission of the State.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I must confess
my surprise at the grounds upon winch the hon-
orable gentleman from Maryland bases his oppo-
sition to this bill. That he is opposed toil is not
to me a matter of surprise at ail; but I am sur-
prised that he should place his opposition on the
grounds he has—that is, of its violation of and
Ins advocacy of State-rights. It is the first time
I knew the gentleman pretended to be the pecu-
liar defender of State-riphts. lie maintains that
the doctrine of State-rights will be violated; that
the Slate of Kansas will be shorn of her sover-
eign powers if we adopt this bill, because it is
provided m our terms of admission that she shall
first agree not to tax the hinds of non-residents
higher than those of her own citizens. That is
the ground upon winch he placed Ins main oppo-
sition, if I understand him; and he challenged us
who support the bill to show a single precedent,
from the organization of the Government down to
the present time, where such a power had been
exercised, or such a condition proposed by Con-
gress to any State applying for admission. Sir,
this challenge is readily met. In the act for the
admission of Louisiana into the Union, which I
have before me, passed in 1811, it is declared, as
a condition of their admission, that the lands be-
longing to citizens of the United States, within
said State, shall never be taxed higher than the
lands belonging to persons residing therein.
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
from Georgia will certainly do me the justice to
remember that I said expressly that the acts for
the admission of Mississippi and Louisiana into
the Union, prior to the Missouri compromise,
were exceptions.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. And what dif-
ference did the adoption of the Missouri compro-
mise make ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I merely wanted
the gentleman to state my argument fairly. That
is all I ask.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I was going on
to &how that the Missouri compromise had noth-
ing to do with it. I understood the gentleman to
state that, until the adoption of the Missouri com-
promise, no such condition was ever imposed
upon the admission of a State. I intended to show
that that had nothing to do with it.
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. I thought the gen-
tleman understood my proposition. I stated it as
clearly as I was able. I said that there were very
indistinct ideas of the power of Congress in con-
nection with the admission of States, until the
power of imposing conditions was brought in
question at that time; that there had been condi-
tions imposed previously, but none since.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will show
the gentleman that there have been such condi-
tions imposed since, and repeutedlv since; and, if
I am not mistaken, the honorable gentleman him-
self voted the other day for the Crittenden-Mont-
gomery amendment, which contained these iden-
tical words.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The honorable
gentleman has misunderstood by argument from
the beginning, for of course I know he does not
intend to misrepresent it. I said that there had
been conditions of this kind connected with the
land grants; and that the effect was, that if the
grants were accepted the conditions became bind-
ing. But I say there has been no case where that
has been made a condition of admission into the
Union. That was my position, and I think I re-
peated it several times.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The condition
on the land grant in the Crittenden-Montgomery
amendment is, in identical words, " that no tax
shall be imposed on the lands belonging to the
United States, and that in no ease shall non-resi-
idents be taxed higher than residents."
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. But suppose that
she rejects the grant ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. And suppose
that she rejects the .same grant in this bill? [Laugh-
ter.]
Air. DAVIS, of Maryland. I wish to respond
at that point. If she rejected the grant under the
CrilUndenbtll, she was in the Union under the Le-
compton constitution as a slave State. If she re-
jected the condition under the Crittenden bill, and
yet voted for the constitution, she was, by the
terms of that bill, :u as a slave Slate. If she re-
jects it here, she h aid by the terms of the bill, arid
no State, shivc or free.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. How could she
have been m the Union as a slave State if she had
rejected the condition? ijut, if she had accepted
and come in, would she not have been shorn of
this great right that the gentleman contends for,
and not allowed to discriminate? [Laughter.)
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, the
honorable gentleman from Georgia cannot be al-
lowed to misrepresent me in thpf way. The ques-
tion is with reference to the power of this Gov-
ernment to exact, as a condition of admission,
her assent to yielding one of her sovereign pre-
rogatives. If, after she is admitted, she chooses to
yield it as a matter of contract, she does it freely,
as I would contract with the honorable gentleman.
But the difference between the Crittenden bill and
this if;, that that bill puts the question of admis-
sion as one question, and the question of agree-
ment to the grant and conditions as another.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not wish
to misrepresent the gentleman's position; and I
do not intend that he shall escape either.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. There certainly is
no desire on my part to escape. Suppose the
questions were put separate, but the decision of
the first depended upon the latter: where is the dif-
ference as to its effects upon State sovereignty?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The difference
between our proposition and the Crittenden bills
on this point, or so far as it relates to Sfcate rights,
is this: we first propose to the people of Kansas
to accept our terms as to grants of land, in lieu
of those they offered, and which no man in this
House is willing to allow, while the Crittenden
amendment, that the gentleman voted for, has the
same condition, but makes no provision for the ac-
ceptance or rejection of the new terms proposed. I
maintain that this bill is framed much more strictly
upon the principles of State-rights than the Crit-
tenden-Montgomery amendment—that amend-
ment which he voted for declared the same condi-
tion absolute, on its face, without any provision
for its acceptance or rejection. This bill rests
strictly and eminently upon the principle of State
rights.
But to return: I said the gentleman should not
escape. I have shown you, sir, that in Louisi-
ana, the words indicated were used. The gentle-
man says that since the Missouri compromise no
States were admitted under a condition. I have
turned to a few authorities or precedents, since
the gentleman commenced his speech. Here is a
law passed in 1836 for the admission of Michi-
gan upon a distinct and express condition that
she should agree to certain terms, which, if she
assented to, she was, by proclamation of the Pres-
ident, to be in the Union. Here, again, is the
case of Iowa.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Are they condi-
tions limiting her sovereignty?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Yes; if the gen-
tleman pleases to maintain that terms relating to
land grants, the right of eminent domain, and ex-
tent of State limits, involve State sovereignty, I
say the cases are analagous. Here is the case of
Iowa:
" Sec. 4. And be it farther enatte.l. That it is made and
dechued to bo a.fundamental condition of the admission of
said State of Iowa into the Umoa, that so much of this act
as relates to the said Siate of Iowa, shall be absented to l>v
a majority of the qualified elector* at thnir township elec-
tion?!, in the manner and at the time p«escribed in the sixth
section of the thirteenth article ot the constitution adopted at
Iowa Citv, the 1st day of Novembei, ;uino Domini 1644. oi
by the Legislature of said State. And a^soon as Mich absent
shall be given, the President of the United States bhall an
nouuee the same by proclamation; and thereupon, without
fuilher proceedings on the part of Congress, the admission
of the said State of Iowa mto the Union, on an equal foot-
ing m all respects whatever with the original States, shall
be considered as complete."
The very words of this bill, as to the " funda-
mental condition," and the proclamation of the
President after the condition should be accepted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man point out the limitation upon her sovereign
power?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. She came with
  a constitution republican in form, and asked for
. admission, with certain assorted rights as to
■ boundary, &c. Congress said they would admit
■ her, and did admit her, upon the condition she
i would agiee to boundaries proposed, and other
things teaching jurisdiction over certain rivers.
Just so with Kansas. She came here with the
. Lecompton constitution, republican in form. She
came also with an ordinance relative to land
S grants. This bill does not make a point upon her
j constitution. It raises no question as to the mat-
j ter of its substance or the mode or manner of its
; adoption. But the terms of the oidinance as to
i land grants cannot be acceded to: these the Sen-
j ate bill rejected—these the Critic.iden-Montgom-
ery amendment rejected; they both put the sd-
; mission of the State or! the condition that tin*
' State would accept other terms than those pro-
posed. Tins bill does the same, nothing: more or
less on that point, except that we provide for the
mode of ascertaining that acceptance or rcjectior.
But the marked difference between tins till and
the Crittenden bill, for which the gentleman voted,
is that that bill did raise a question as to the con-
stitution itself, and required its submission to the
people. This bill takes the constitution as it i*,
made as it was and adopted as it u as, just as it is
presented. So far as the argument of the gentle-
man goes to represent those upon this side of the
House as willing to force a constitution down thu
throats of an unwilling people, I wish to say for
myself I occupy no such ground. I never have.
!>ior, sir, does'this side of the House. I hold and
' maintain that that constitution embodies the le-
gally and fairly expressed will^of the people of
Kansas. Every thing relating to its formation was
regular and legal. If any portion of the people
of that Territory, for factious purposes or other-
