1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
man called for his letters he could put his hands
on them, without compelling the clerk to look
over others. Locked boxes, to a certain extent,
go to that perfection. It has been said that those
who have locked boxes get their letters sooner
than others. They ought to do so; as a matter
of course they must. In all our post offices there
is generally an ante-room, and upon that ante-
room the locked boxes open; so that, when the
clerks go to dinner or when the office is closed,
the locked boxes can be opened by the keys of
the holders, though the general delivery cannot
be. There must be a clerk to attend to the gen-
eral delivery; hut the locked boxes are opened by
those who hold the keys, and to this extent those
persons have a convenience, and I think they
ought to have it. The advertisement read by the
Senator from Illinois is perfectly plain. Theieis
a certain time for the clcrks to leave the office,
but not to close the entire building; and those
who hold the keys to the locked boxes can ob-
tain their letters as long as the building remains
open, though after office hours.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to state to the
Senator from Florida that the advertisement which
I read does not apply to locked boxes merely,
but to all boxes generally.
Mr. GWIN. Does it not say locked boxes?
Mr. MALLORY. I presume that the word
" locked" was left out inadvertently.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The advertisement was in
regard to the post office at Placerville. I will read
it again:
"This office Will be kept open daily (Sundays excepted)
from eight o'clock in the morning until twelve o'clock, noon,
and from half past one o'clock until half past five o'clock
in the afternoon. Box delivery open till eight o'clock, p.
m."
Of course that must apply'to ordinary boxes.
Mr. MALLORY. I can assure the Senator
from Illinois that the word " locked'5 is not in-
tentionally left out.
Mr. SEWARD. How large a town is Placer-
ville ?
Mr. MALLORY. I know nothing about the
locality; but if there is any Senator here who has
been a postmaster, he knows that what I say is
perfectly right and just. The idea that a mercan-
tile community would wish to abolish these locked
boxes is very extraordinary. Merchants want
access to their letters the very moment they can
get them. As the general mail is beinj* distrib-
uted, if A, B,and C have locked boxes, their let-
ters are thrown into their locked boxes, and they
can take them .out without asking for letter by
letter. But those that are put in the general de-
livery are put in alphabetically, and you cannot
attend to those until you give everybody a fair
chance. When the general delivery is open,you
have to take up all the A's, and look over them
until you come to that particular one which is
called for. Anybody can see at once, by this
statement, the convenience of locked boxes, and
that they facilitate the general delivery of all let-
ters at an office.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer a further amend-
ment:
Jind be it fwither enacted, That not more than two dollar
per annum be charged for the lent of a box. locked bo\, or
drawei at a po.-t office ; and no extra chargc shall be made
for depositing in said boxes or diaweis letters ior moic th.ta
one person.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that will not be agreed to.
J think this is a matter which ought to be regu-
lated by the wants of the community.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. YULEE. These matters had better be
left to the regulation of the Post Office Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw the latter part
of my proposition, as there is objection to it. As
modified, my amendment reads:
Jind be it further enacted, That not more than two dol-
lars per annum be chained for the rent of a box, looked box,
or diawur, at a post office.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I feel bound to
vote against this amendment, because I think there
are poor districts in the country that might be
permitted to pay more than is paid for boxes in
the cities. I will say to the Senator from Illinois
that 1 should like to see some boxes established
at the poorer post offices, where the present sys-
tem does not allow a man to have a reasonable
compensation, so that we can get a good postmas-
ter to serve. If he would exclude them, and confine
his amendment to the cities, I would vote for it;
but really we ought not to act in such a manner
as to deprive men from receiving a compensation
which would induce them to consent to serve the
public in regions of country where the*Iaw, at
present, says you shall not contribute your money
to support this system; and in the next place,
that you shall not have the system unless you do
contribute, for that is the result.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do notknowhow it may
be in Arkansas, but in my State there are no boxes
in post offices at small places. It is only in the
larger towns that we have boxes.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I can give the
Senator the instance of the post office at Napo-
leon, in my State. There is an immense amount
of post office work to be done there. At this office
the mails are distributed, not only for the whole
State which I represent here in part, but also
for a portion of Texas, and of north Louisiana.
There the pay of the postmaster amounts to
hardly anything when you count the percentage
on the amount delivered at that place; but itis the
distribution and the separation that produce so
much labor and so much cost. The compensa-
tion of the postmaster, if you confine him to his
percentage, does not begin to answer. The con-
sequence was that we had a most wretchedly con-
ducted concern for years; and it was with the ut-
most difficulty that we could get a man fit for the
place to accept it. There is another instance on
the borders of Texas which I might mention. I
think the people might be left to pay the box rent
which they are willing to pay, because if an at-
tempt be made to overcharge them, they can say,
" we will not take a box; but will wait for the
general delivery."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I apprehend that the Sena-
tor from Arkansas will not feel disposed to charge
the persons in the immediate locality of Napo-
leon to mnke them pay the expenses of the gen-
eral distribution of letters to that region of coun-
try.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. No; I would
only provide that they must pay what they are
willing to pay—what they choose to pay. If they
are willing to pay five dollars, let them do it. 1
would rather give ten dollars than have to wait
ten minutes every time I went to the office to get
a letter at the general delivery; and I believe I am
not uncommon amongst mankind. There are
many others like me.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall'vote against the amend-
ment, not on its merits, but this ends really in
what I anticipated. We are, on an appropriation
bill, revising the post office regulations.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 25; as follows:
YE VS—Messrs. Bell, Brodenek.Doohttle,Foot, Foster,
Hamlin, Hailan, Houston, King, Pugh, Seward, Simmons,
Trumbull, and Wilson—14.
NAYS — Messrs ftayaid, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Blown, Clark, Clay, Clingman, D.ivif, Douglas, Fessenden,
Filch, Givin. Hunter. Johnson of Arkan-as, Johnson of
Tennessee, M.illoiy, Polk, Reid, Rice, Sebastian, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jer e}, Wnght, and Yulee—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
!j Mr. JOHNSON, Arkansas. I beg leave to
offer an amendment which I believe to be very
important and necessary:
And be it farther enacted, That after the 30th of JunT,
1S38, the late of postage on all letters Kent through the mail
anall be live cents for any distance under three thousand
miles, and ten cents foi any distance over three thousand
miles.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator might as well strike
out the latter part of his amendment; for the Gov-
crnment now charges ten cents for carrying a
J! letter over three thousand miles.
, I Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
j] ator explain how that is done ?
[i Mr. GWIN. According to the present law, the
ji rate is three cents for any distance under three
|t thousand miles, and ten cents for any distance
[| over that.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from California, who pay ten cents post-
age ? We do not all pay it.
Mr. GWIN. The Pacific coast.
Mr. SEWARD. Does not the Atlantic coast
pav a postage of ten cents ?
Mr. GWIN. All the correspondence between
any sections of the country over khree thousand
miles'pays-fen cents. Thatisthe present-law. I
said it was not necessary; for the Senator from Ar-
kansas to put that provision in his amendment*
because it is the law now.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then, I sup-
pose the Senator will not object to its remaining
in the amendment, for the simple reason that it
makes the case no worse, and while it goes forth
in the same section as regulating the whole post-
age of the United States, every one will see
once what our postal charges are. By fixing itall
in one section, everybody will see that wecnarge
five cents for one distance, and ten cents for more
than that. The people do not now understand
that ten eentsis paid for letters carried over three
thousand miles, and I confess that when I offered
the amendment I did not know that you were al-
ready subjected to that charge; but I think you
ought to £e. That being so, you have no fault to
find with this provision being placed here, as it is
but a reiteration of the present law. I insist, how-
ever, that those who now pay so little should be
brought up at least to five cents.
There is not one of the eminent gentlemen
around me here who will not concede that the Post
Office Department ought to sustain itself. There
is not one of them who, if he were at the head of
the Government, would not at once say so.- It
has often been said to me to be one of the sound-
est theories at the bottbm of ail systems of Gov-
ernment, and I would make the Post Office De-
partment sustain itself. I do not believe there is
a man here who would not declare, if he were at
the head of the Government, that that was the
proper policy. Then, can there be a solitary Sen-
ator here who will say that he has faithfully dis-
charged his duty,"anu has given a vote which is
best for the public interest, if he refuses to raise
the postage so as to enable the Department to sus-
tain itself? How can he draw a distinction be-
tween his position as head of the Government and
his position here as Senator? Unless he has found
some means to reconcile his conscience that is
more Jesuitical, if I may use that term, than I can
consent to consider for myself, I do not see how
he can do it.
I hope to have the fair sense of the Senate upon
this proposition. I expected that it would have
been presented by abler heads, and by those far
better entitled to your consideration than myself;
but I have not found that there was a determina-
tion to present it, and I now submit it merely in
deference to what I believe to be a very import-
ant public interest—an interest that ought to be
regarded—and a policy which I think the-Senate
might^as well originate as any other body that I
know of, executive or legislative, under the Gov-
ernment. We know that we are now borrowing
money largely to carry on the Government, and
we have to provide large amounts for the Post
Office Department. We are called upon to go to
the Treasury in order to get means from the gen-
eral taxation of the people to pay for letters that
you write and that I receive. I know that there
are many of our people who do not write ten let-
ters in their whole lifetime, and yet they are re-
quired to contribute to sustain a correspondence
witfi which they have no connection, or at least
immediate £onnectionr This is not just to the
reat mass of the agricultural community that
compose ninety-nine hundredths of the represent-
ation upon the floors of Congress. I know that
this system has been brought about by deference
to large cities, and I think it results from anillib-
erahty on their part, which has reduced us to the
present rates, and absolutely throws the expense
of carrying the letters which we write upon the
j mass of the people, or casts it upon the Treasury,
.! which is the same thing as throwing it on the
|! whole mass of the people. I believe this is so pal-
pable that no one can deny it. If there are those
heie who represent any local interest, I would
simply say to them, 14 When you are not in-
structed against your conscience on this question,
how can you say tiiat the people who send letters
shall not pay for them r" The people arc accus-
tomed to something like the regular receipt of let-
ters, and in order to continue it to them, I think
it is necessary to take the Post Office off the Treas-
ury. To continue it on the Treasury is not in
accordance with any man's conscience, I think.
It is not right.
I will say now, with reference to my own State
