1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tit
• the Yankees come to invade your rights, (as you
say they are doing now,) these men that you hold
as bondmen, that cannot say their lives are their
own, not even if they say it "subject to the
Constitution of the United States;" these beings,
that are not the owners of the wool that grows
on the top of the head—
« The place where the wool ought to grow;"
these persons that we have been so eloquently
and venemently told are so well clothed and so
well fed and so joyous avid so happy, will no
doubt feel sensible of "the mighty blessings .you
have conferred upon them; will be ready to go out
to battle for you. These men will, no doubt, will-
ingly lay down their lives; will rejofee in the
glorious privilege of suffering martyrdom, in de-
fense of this Heaven-born institution.
But to return to the Lecompton constitution. I ]
will not stop to inquire whether the Territorial '
Legislature had any power to call a constitutional
convention or not. I will dedl in no such ab-
stractions. It is sufficient for me to know that it
has slavery in it, and that a large majority of the
people of the Territory had no part in making
the constitution. By the despotic acts of tyrants
they were deprived of all power; and as a full and
entire refutation of the assertion made upon this
floor and elsewhere, that the people of the Terri-
tory had a fair opportunity to take a part in fram-
ing that constitution. I adopt an extract from the
letter of Robert J. Walker, resigning ^ys office as
Governor of that Territory, and use it as ail argu-
ment. On this point, the Governor says:
" On reference to the territorial law, under which the
convention was assembled, thirty-tour reguiaily-organized
counties weie named as election distncts for delegates to
the convention. In each and all of these counties it was
requited by law that a census should be taken and the voters
legistered; and when this was completed the delegates to
the convention should be apportioned accordingly. In nine-
teen of these counties theie was no census, and, thtMefore,
there could be no such apportionment there of delegates
based upon tsuch census. And ju filteen of these counties
there was no registry of voters. These fifteen counties, in-
cluding many ot the oldest organized counties in ihe Ter-
ritory, were entirely disfranchised, and did not give, and (by
no lault of their own) could not give, a solitary vote for
delegates to the convention. This result was superinduced
by the fact that the Territorial Legislature appointed all the
sheriffs and probate judges, in all these counties, to whom
was assigned the duty, by law, of making this census and
registry. These officers were political paitisans, dissenting
flora the views and opinions of the people of these counties,
as proved by the election in Octobei last. These officers,
from want of funds as l'lpy allege, neglected or refused to
take any census or make any registry in these counties,
and, therefore, they were entirely disfranchised, and could
not give, and did not give, a siugle vote at the election for
delegates to the constitutional convention.
"And here I wish to call attention to the distinction,
winch will appear in my inaugural addiess, in refeience to
those counties where the voters were fairly registered and
did not vote. In such counties, where a full and free oppor-
tunity was given to register and vote, and they did not choose
to exercise that privilege, the question is very different from
those counties where there was no census or regisfiy, and
no vote was given or could be given, however anxious the
people might be to participatein the election ot delegates to
the convention. Nor could it be said these counties acqui-
esced, for wherever they endeavored by a subsequent census
or registry of their own to supply this defect, occasioned by
the previous neglcct of the temtorial officer;?, the delegates
thus cho«pn were rejected by the convention. I repeat, that
in nineteen counties out of tliirfy-four there was no census.
In fifteen counties out of thirty-tour there was no registry,
and not a solitary vote was given, or could be given, for dele-
gates to the convention in anyone of theee counue&. Surely,
then, it cannot be said that such a convention, chosen by
scarcely more than one tenth of the present voteis of Kan-
sas, represented the people oftliat Ten ltory, and could right-
fully impose a constitution upon them withouttheirconsent.
These nineteen counties m Which there was no census con-
stituted a majority of the counties of the Tertitory, and
these fifteen counties in which there was no registry, gave
a much larger vote at the October election, even with the
six months' qualification, than the whole vote given to the
delegates who signed the Lecompton constitution on the 7th
November last."
This must put the question forever at rest. It
is unanswered, and is unanswerable. The people
of that Territory are now lifting their imploring
hands and streaming eyes, and calling upon the
Congress of this great nation for relief. It would
be no violence to truth to say, that for th£ last
three years the people of that Territory have suf-
fered
" The spurn of menials-:
A despot's vcngeance, a false country's curse."
I ask you this day, will you relieve them; or will
y,ou enforce this constitution, when you know it
will have to be done at the bayonet's point and
the cannon's mouth? In such a contest, do you
believe that a God of justice, of love, and of mercy
could be on your side ? As gentlemen on the other
side are in the habit of quoting Scripture for their
purpose, I will quote some for their consideration:
" Reason takes up the language of Scripture, and
repeats with earnest conviction," " Though hand
join in hand, the wicked shall not go unpun-
ished. " " The curse of the Lord is in the house
of the wicked, but he blesseth the habitation of
the just."
If this Government persists in its crimes against
Kansas, it must suffer the penalty of these na-
tional sins. It is one of the irrevocable decrees
of God, that for every violation of his laws there
is a penalty; and this penalty will come just so
certain as the sound of the thunder follows " the
lightning's fiery wing." I tell you the day of set-
tlement approaches. If you pass this Lecompton
constitution, the low muttering thunder that was
heard three years ago in the North and West will
break out with tenfold fury. The fires that were
then kindled will sweep over the country " like
red tongues of demons, to blast and devour." I
say to you that the tyrants in Kansas that have
trampled the rights of freemen in the dust, whose
hands are red with innocent blood, will receive
the just reward of their wickedness and their
crimes. A weak and wicked Administration may
throw its shield around them; but
" Neither men, nor devils,
Nor sheltering angels, can protect them."
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Chairman, the evening
before the battle of Talavera, in Spain, the armies
of England and France encamped on the opposite
banks of a river which, guiltless of human Wood,
still flowed between them; and the soldiers of each,
as the shades of evening hastened on, came quietly
down to the brink of the water and filled their can-
teens in preparation for the gory work of the mor-
row. Sir, we who have hoped there was to be, and
I would be, some cessation to fratricidal strife; that
we had reached at last the palm tree and the foun-
tain in the great Sahara of political life; and that,
in the great principles of the Government as es-
tablished by law, Patriotism would intrench it-
self so strongly that we might well bid defiance to
a world in arms now find ourselves, as erewhile,
ranged along each side of a belligerent line of op-
posing camps, marked out as distinctly as that
gleaming river in Spam which divided the con-
querers and the conquered. While the white flag
of Peace still flaps in the breeze, let us go down
to the limpid stream and quietly drink together,
whatever may be the fate of the country.
Sir, I am not here to indulge in any sentiment
of objurgation or of reproach. The Representa-
tive of a larger white population than any member
i from Virginia, coming, as I do, from a part of the
| State jammed up like a wedge between Ohio and
1 Pennsylvania—my people having many precious
connections with both—finding amongst my im-
mediate constituents a large mass of northern men,
who have built up manufacturing establishments,
and devoted their enterprise, energy, and capital
to the development of the resources of my native
city and State—I profess to speak on all questions
here which apparently wear a scctional phase,
without one particle of acrimony, but at the same
time with the emphasis which is due to the time
and the occasion.
Sir, a venerable man, weary with the cares of
State; who has been for forty years in the ser-
vice of his country, at home and abroad; who has
illustrated her history in every political depart-
ment by the high emprise of his statesmanship;
with no child lo inherit his well-earned fame, but
giving to a still united people all his love; with no
ambition before him, except to discharge honestly
the high functions pertaining to the most majestic
position upon earth—is now upon his political
trial! On the steps of yonder portico, but a few
fleeting months ago, in the presence of assembled
thousands of his countrymen, he took a solemn
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States; under which it was his imperative duty
to take care that the laws shall be faithfully exe-
cuted. At the very outset of his administration
the difficulties which surrounded him seemed al-
most insuperable. Poison, in the covered dish;
internecine war; civil strife; geographical preju-
dice; treason, with its bold, brazen, and defiant
front; ambition, with its cool, plotting, unscru-
pulous schemes; bankruptcy, with the hands of
Briareus, throwing curses in his path; sedition,
with its ear-kissing arguments; sharp-toothed un-
kindness, tied as a vulture to his heart, until, like
Lear, deserted by his own kin in the midst of the
pitiless storm, he might well say 
" Close pent-up guilts,
Rive your concealing continents, and cry
These dreadful surnmoners gracc. 1 am a man,
More sinn'd against, than sinning
■Sir, I am not here as his unreasoning advocate,
I am not here to prate of blind loyalty to him, or
to any other man; but as one of the humblest of
those who stood by him in afiercer trial than this,
I shall not submit, come what may, to see him
wounded in the house of his friends.
Pass with me, then, sir, from the petty consid-
eration of who shall be Earl of Durham, or who
shall be Vicar of Bray—from the heated arena,
where mingle the exacerbations and prejudices and
passions of the hour—back to theearlierand better
days of the Republic, and let us see how far the
President can be sustained, either by precedent or
by existing law, which he would have been rec-
reant to himself if he had not faithfully enforced.
First, then, of the case and thelaw. On the 30th
day of May, 1854, the Congress of the United
States organized the Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas, both of which did not then contain, ex-
clusive of the aboriginal inhabitants, two hundred
human souls. It was provided, " that the State
or States created within the same, should be re-
ceived into the Union, with or without slavery, a 
their constitutions may prescribe at the time of their ad'
mission;" and to that end it was expressly stipu-
lated, " that nothing in the act contained should be
construed to legislate slavery into any Territory
or State, nor to exclude it therefrom; out the peo-
ple thereof should be leftpcrfcctly free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Federal Constitution,"
and all of us know that the only requirement by
that instrument is, that the State constitution shall
be republican. That no obstacle might be inter-
posed by Federal authority, and that these ends
might be completely attained, the Congressof the
United States abnegated the power of making laws
for said Territories by anomalously stipulating
" that the legislative power of the Territory shall
extend to all rightful subjects of legislation, con-
sistent with the Federal Constitution, and the
provisions of the organic act." Congress even
went further than this; for while the right of suf-
frage was conferred on every actual resident white
male inhabitant above the age of twenty-one
years, it still further anomalously stipulated that
" the qualification of voters, at all subsequent
elections, shall be prescribed by the Territorial
Assembly."
Up to this period, tlifc practice of this Gov-
ernment, without being uniform, had been, in a
majority of cases, first, to create a territorial
government; then, to authorize a census of the
inhabitants, by Federal authority; and finally, to
empower the inhabitants, by what was generally
termed an enabling act, to hold a convention for
the purpose of forming a constitution preparatory
to admission into the Union; and the time, place,
and manner of holding the convention, with the
qualification of voters in the election of its dele-
gates, were all specifically prescribed. They be-
came a people only when they organized as a State;
before, they were under the legislation of Congress,
and were called inhabitants. Their political rights
as a people remained, therefore, in abeyance,un-
til they passed into the condition of a State. The
passage of this act, apparently changing the ter-
ritorial policy of Congress, but in reality adopting
an old principle, awakened unprecedented oppo-
sition. The whole country was convulsed. The
dread of Madison was upon us, when he declared
with almost prophetic solemnity:
" Should a state of parties arise founded on geogfephieal
boundanes, and other physical distinctions, which happen
to coincide with them— what is to control tho-e great repul-
sive masses fiom awful shocks against each other. If nov-
elties are to lie shunned—the most alarming of all novelties,
the most wild of all projects, the most rash of all attempts, is
that of rending us m pieces, m order to preserve our liber-
ties, and promote our happiness."
The extremes of the Union attempted to influ-
ence the future fate of the nascent State. Instead
of having, as heretofore, a peaceful emigration to
a common Territory, we witnessed the sad spec-
tacle of organized efforts, outside of the Territory
itself, to foist into it a population with swords in
their hands instead of plowshares and pruning
hooks; and intent upon cultivating the enmity of
each other instead of tilling the soil that lifted its
