186*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
soawned upon us through the lechery of her po-
litical lust; and now hastening to us is the Minne-
sota constitution, deformed, disfigured, disgraced
by base imposture, by driveling philanthropy, by
whining hypocrisy, and by a practical amalga-
mation of the white and black races. This mis-
erable and rieketty thing, the Minnesota consti-
tution, with all infamies clinging to it, may come
to us, and be embraced by its friends. They may
defile this Hall with its presence; but$ under its
auspices, Kansas can never come into the Union.
We wish to admit her now, not because we care
about the mushroon conventions they have held
or may hereafter hold, but because her applica-
tion under the Lecompton constitution is legiti-
mate, and her admission under the bill before us
sacrifices no principle. The South has no reason
lo rejoice in the passage of this bill. She may
regret its defeat. If her sons will unite upon it,
she will gain more in their union than in aught
else.
Mr. BINGHAM. I congratulate the country
that the distinguished gentleman from Georgia
(Mr. Stephens] has seen fit on this day to ac-
knowledge what he has heretofore, during the
las't and present Congress, steadily and persist-
ently denied,that the position of those with whom
I have the honorto acton this floor and elsewhere,
in regard to the power of Congress over the sev-
eral Territories during the whole time in which
they continue to be Territories, and up to the very
moment of their transition from a Territory to a
State, is the true position under the Constitution
of the United States, and one to be recognized
and legitimately enforced by congressional legis-
lation.
The gentleman from Georgia predicated his re-
ply to the distinguished and learned gentleman
i from Maryland, [Mr. Davis ,] among other thing's,
upon the ground that the Congress of the United
States had heretofore dictated to the people of Lou-
isiana conditions 'precedent to their admission into
the Union as a State. I desire, inasmuch as the
gentleman from Georgia made special reference to
the Louisiana enabling act, to call the attention of
the House and of the country to its provisions, for
the purpose of showing that it goes as far as any
man on this side of the House has ever ventured to
go m respect to the authority of Congress over the
Territories, and its power to impose restrictions
upon the admission of new States into the Union.
Admit that the act of Congress, passed in 181J,
to authorize the people of Louisiana to form aState
constitution and government and to provide for
their admission into the Union, was a just and
.constitutional enactment, and you admit all that
we ask, all that any rpan can ask, upon which to
predicate an argument against the proposition sub-
mitted to this House by the committee of confer-
ence, appointed through it, and in favor of the
power of Congress not only to reject that bill but
to reject the Lecompton constitution under any
and ail conceivable circumstances.
I do not know, nor do I care, whether the hon-
orable gentlem.m from Georgia assumed and as-
serted the validity of the Louisiana act merely for
the occasion, or not. I thank him for his conces-
sion that that act was a precedent which lift migiit
with propriety quote here againstthe argument of
the gentleman from Maryland. Sir, ifthegentle-
man's admission and assumption be light, if that
statute be valid, it totally sweeps away the dogma
of the sovereignty of new States in the formation
of constitutions preparatory to admission, against
the expressed will of the whole people of the Uni-
ted States, as hpl forth by their Representatives in
Congress assembled. Thy admission of the au-
thority of Congress to impose upon new States
the restrictions of that statute concedes the rightof
Congress to reject any new State until it shall have
adopted a constitution, not* only republican, but
also consistent with the Constitution of the United
States, and also m conformity with such condi-
tions precedent as Congress may deem just and
proper to be imposed. I quote from that statute as
follows:
£i Sec. 2. And Is it further enacted, That all free white
male citizen.-* of <::e I'nued Stu.es, who shall have arrived
at the age ofuvemy one year.-, and resided withm the said
Temtoiy at leas: cue year ptcvious to the day of election,
and shall have p ud a tenitoiial, county, distiict, oi pan-h
tax; and ail pei^uis uavmg in otberiespeets the legal qual-
ifications to vote lorjepicrimitafjvea in theUeneial Assem-
bly of the said Temtoiy, be, and they are hereby, author-
ized to choose representatives to form a convention, who
shall be apportioned among the several counties, districts,
and parishes within the said Territory of Orleans, in such
manner as the Legislature of the said Territory shall by law
direct. The number of representatives shall not exceed
sixty; and the elections for the representatives afoie^aid
shall take place on the third Monday in September next,
and shall be conducted in the same manner as is now pro-
vided by the laws of the said Territory for electing mem-
bers for the House of Representatives.
t£ Sec. 3. J3nd be it further enacted y That the members
of the convention, when duly elected, he, and they are
hereby, authorized to meet at the city of New Orleans, on
the first Monday of November next, which convention,
when met, shall first determine, by a majority of the whole
number elected, whether it be expedient or not, at that
time, to foim a constitution and State government for the
people within the said Territory; and if it be determined to
be expedient, then the convention shall in like manner de-
clare, m behalf of the people of the said Territory, that it
adopts the Constitution of the United States; whereupon
the said convention shall be, and hereby is, authorized to
form a constitution and State government for the people of
the said Territory, provided the constitution to be foimed,
in virtue of the authority herein given, shall be republican,
and consistent with the Constitution of the United States;
that it shall contain the fundamental punciplesof civil and
religious liberty; that it shall secuie to the citizen the tnal
by jury m all criminal cases, and the privileges of the writ
of habeas corpus, conformably to the provisions of the Con-
stitution of the United States; and that alter the admission
of the wiul Territory of Oi leans as a State into the Union,
the laws which such State may pass shall be promulgated,
and its leeoids of every descuptton chall be preserved, and
its judicial and legislative wulteu proceedings conducted,
in the language in which the laws and the judicial and le-
gislative written proceedings of the United States are now
pubhsned and conducted: And provided also, That the
said convention shall provide by an ordinance, irrevocable
without the consent of the United States, that the people
inhabiting the said Territory do agree and declare, that they
forever disclaim all light or title to the waste or unappro-
priated lands lying withm the said Tenitory ; and that the
same shall be and remain at the sole and entire disposition
of the United States ; and, moreover, that each and every
tiact of land sold by Congies& shall be and remain exempt
from any ta^, laid by the order or under the authority of
the State, whether for Stare, county, township, paiKh, or
any other purpose whatever, lor the term of five years fiom
and alter the respective days of the sales thereof; and that
the lands belonging to citizen* of the United States, residing
without the f-aid Stare,'•hail never be taxed higher than
the lands belonging to peisons residing theicm; aiid that no
taxes shall bo imposed on l.md-4 the property of the United
States; and that the rivei Mi->issippi, and the navigable
livers and waters leading into the same or into the Gulf of
Mexico, s-hnll be common highways and forever fico, as
well to the inhabitant*of the ^aid State as to other citizens
of the United States, without any tax, duty, impost, or toll
therefor imposed by the said Siate."
I am not here to find fault with the arguments
of the learned gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Davis.] I am not here to follow the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] with the new
lights ho has discovered in his way to this polit-
ical Damascus. The latter gentleman-has, if you
please, become an ally of the Republicans, of those
he is wont to call Black Republicans. He is work-
ing (not voting) with us to-day. He is agreeing
with us that Congress is restricted in nothing but
its own conviction and its own judgment, in re-
gard to the limitations which it may rightfully
impose, under the Constitution, upon new States,
as conditions precedent to their admission into
the Union.
To make good my assertion, I need only refer
specifically to the limitations imposed by the
Louisiana act of 1811, providing for the admis-
sion of the State of Louisiana, which I have just
read, and which the gentleman from Geoigiaap-
proves, and upon which he takes his stand.
That statute, I repeat, goes as far as I have ever
ventured to go on this question, and as far as any
gentleman upon this side has ever ventured to go.
1 beg the attention of the House to the conditions
precedent and restrictions which that act imposes
upon the sovereigntj'- of Louisiana. First, there
is the condition precedent that before the people
of Louisiana, after the election of their delegates
to a convention, should take another step towards
the organization of a State government, ttieir del-
egates, in convention assembled, should, in their
behalf, declare that they adopt the Constitution
of the United States, together, of course, with all
its limitations and restrictions upon State sover-
eignty. Having first performed this condition
precedent, and not before, they might proceed to
form a State constitution; provided, says the stat-
ute—
That said constitution «o to be foimed '•hall be republi-
can; blwll be consistent with the Constitution of the United
State-- ; thail proclaim the lundameinal pnncipies of civil
' and icligious hbeity ; shall x-cuie to evciy citizen charged
' wnh a msnma! nflfvnse a tnal byjmy; shall secuie, also, the
writ otlutbeai torfus as provided in the Constitution oi the
United State*: -diall prov-uh- that the legislation and judicial
aetionof said State be conducted in the English language;
fchail surrender the right of the State over ccitain waste
lauds; also, us light to tax United States property.
Sir, this statute does not stop where certain gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House have been
telling us that our power stops, to wit: with the
mere declaration that the constitution of the pro-
posed new State should be republican. That stat-
ute, aa I have shown, goes much further, and re-
quires that the new constitution shall conform to
all the conditions and restrictions which I have
enumerated. This statute further provides, in the
fourth section, that the constitution so framed
shall be submitted to the Congress of the United
States for approval or rejection. For what pur-
pose ? To give to the Congress of the United
States the opportunity of judging whether these
conditions precedent had been complied with;
whether the people had, by their legally chosen
delegates, adopted the Constitution of the United
States; whether their new constitution, contrary
to and in contravention of their local laws—the
civil law under which they then lived-—secured
the right of trial by jury in all criminal cases;
whether the great writ of habeas corpus was se-
cured to the citizens within the limits of the State;
and whether, in addition, their constitution de-
clared, as required, the great and fundamental
principles of civil and religious liberty. Unless
these provisions appeared, Congress, by this
fourth section,reserved the power to say thatLou-
isiana should not be permitted to organize herself
into a State government for admission into this
Union—should not, in fact, become a State, but
should remain a Territory.
I ask the gentleman from Georgia, in order that
I may make no mistake in this matter, whether
he concedes that that enactment was constitu-
tional; that it was the right of Congress, in 1811,
under the Federal Constitution, to dictatc to the
people of Louisiana the condition precedent that
their constitution should be consistent with the
Constitution of the United States? whether he con-
cedes that it was competent for Congress, under
that act of 1811, to dictate to that people the fur-
ther condition precedent that they should secure
the right of trial by jury, in all criminal cases, to
citizens within the State? whether he concedes
that it was competent for Congress, by that act,
to dictate to the people of Louisiana, as a further
condition precedent to the establishment of a State
government, and their admission into the Union,
that they should secure the benefits of the right
of habeas corpus in all cases, pursuant to the Con-
stitution of the United States; and, finally, I ask
him whether lie concedes that it was competent
for the Government of the United States, speak-
ing through Congress by that act, to declare that
that people should abolish their civil law and
take ours? If he concedes all this, as he did by
citing that act, he concedes all that I claim, and
all that my friends have ever claimed in this great
controversy. "Who, sir, is to judge whether the
constitution, framed by a people within a Terri-
tory, "is consistent with the Constitution of the
United States ?" By that enactment, upon which
the gentleman planted himself, it is manifestly de-
clared that the Congress of the United States shall
judge of that, and no one else. That is Repub-
licanism—Black Republicanism.
Mr. CURTIS. I beg the gentleman's pardon;
it is not Black Republicanism, as some under-
stand it.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is my Black Republican-
ism. That legislation of 1811 is sustained by pre-
cedent and commanding authority. It was sanc-
tioned and approved by a man who has been
called the Father of the Constitution—by way of
preeminence—Mr. Madison. In addition to his
approval of the act, I have before me what he has
written on this provision of the Constitution, that
Congress " may admit new States into the Union."
He says:
" In the Articles of Confederation no provision'is found on
this important subject. Canada was to be admitted of right
on her joining m the measuies of the United States, and the
other colonic*, by which were evidently meant, the other
British colonies, at the discretion of nine States. The event-
ual establishment of ne<v States seems to have been over-
looked by the compilers of that instrument. We have seen
the inconvenience of this oiriisi-ion, and the assumption of
power into which Congiess ha? been lead by it. With great
piopiiety, therefore, has the new system supplied the de-
tect. The general precaution that no new States shall be
foimed without the eoncmrence of the Fedeial authority"
* > " is consonant to the principles which
ought to govern such trans-actions."
There is where I stand; there is where those
with whom I act, in reference to this question,
