1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
mm
franking letters, packages, or public documents shall be al-
lowed to any offieei or person whatsoever.
Mr. DAYIS. I thinlc the Senator from Ohio
has probably inserted more in his amendment than
he intended. There are some persons who pos-
sess the franking privilege to whom you can give
nothing to compensate for it—for instance, the
widows of the deceased ex-Presidents Adams and
Taylor.
Mr. PUGH. It is a mere gratuity: it caiybe
revoked. /
Mr. DAYIS. I offer this as a substitute for the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio: V
And the franking privilege now accorded to members of
Congress be, and the same is hereby, abolished.
Mr. PUGH. The reason why I offer my amend-
ment in its general form, I willsuggestto the'Sen-
ator from Mississippi, is, that I want to make the
Departments support themselves. If the Secre-
tary of War, or any person under him, has a letter
to write, let him pay the Post Office Department
the postage out of the contingent fund of the War
Department. I see no rpason why executive offi-
cers should have the franking privilege more than
we. I named the 1st of December, in order to
give us time, and to give the Secretaries time, to
get rid of the documents printed at this session
of Congress, and there stop the business. I want
to stop the franking privilege of the chiefs of bu-
reaus and heads of Departments, and I want the
Postmaster General himself to know that he shall
not load the mails down with free matter, but that
he shall pay for his postage out of the contingent
fund of the Department. I want to make every-
body pay postage—the Government and all the
Departments, as well as the people. That is the
reason I offer the amendment so broadly.
Mr. DAYIS. I have greatconfidence in reforms
which begin at home. It is even more essential
that reform than charity should begin at home. I
have no fear of any reform which Congress will j
apply to itself. Then, again, there is no reform j
which will be effective for so much good as this. I
It will not only relieve your mails of tl"e immense i
burden which is now piled upon them , but it will j
relieve Congress of the vast appropriations entailed ;
upon it by the franking privilege. You will make
no more books; for, if people will not pay postage
on them, you will not want to send them. It will
reduce the charge for printing for Congress more
than it will save in the mails. It will have no
such effect, however, upon the Executive Depart-
ments. They can send nothing but their corre-
spondence, and it would be no great weight taken
off the mails; and, moreover, if you abolished the
privilege, so far as they are concerned you would
only have to furnish the money, dollar for dollar,
y an increase of the contingent appropriations.
If it be well, let itcome hereafter. It may be well;
I have no positive objection to it. Itis merely a
different form of appropriation of money so far
as they are concerned. With regard to ourselves,
however, the abolition of this pnvilege is an econ-
omy; because it will lessen the amount of matter
which will go into the mails. It will work a double
economy, fruitful in every degree. I think it ought
to follow the measure which has j ust been adopted.
Indeed, it was at first with mean opinion that the
two ought to go together; and the one I have just
sent up was torn off from the one offered by the
Senator from Arkansas, which has been adopted.
There is another matter which I think is quite
as important—the charge put upon newspapers.
When you mail a letter you have incurred half
the expense of transporting it to the most remote
point. When you have the letter started in the
mail, it goes two hundred miles as easily as twen-
ty-live by a regular line. The great expense is in
mailing and delivering it. The letter itself is so
light as scarcely to be felt; but you cumber the
mail-bags with newspapers, with pamphlets, with
books; you overload the inland mails with matter
which increases the weight so as to render them
difficult to transport. More than that, in the large
cities, where they have great facilities for print-
ing, they are enabled, at the very low rate now
charged on printed matter, to scatter their news-
papers all over the rural districts, and to break
down the provincial press. If newspapers had to
pay in proportion to their weight and the distance
they were transported. you would very soon make
the Post Office Department self-supporting; and
if members of Congress would send a speech
home which they wanted to print in large num-
bers for circulation among their constituents, it
would benefit the local press whilst it relieved the
mail. All this will be the effect if you merely
strike off the franking privilege from members of
Congress. There, I think, is the place where the
first remedy should be applied.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment 
Mr. BROWN. This is an amendment to an
amendment, and cannot be amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
The Senator from Mississippi offered his propo-
sition as a substitute.
Mr. PUGH. I suggest to the Senator from
Mississippi, at all events, to fix a time at which
the operation of his amendment shall commence,
so as to allow the books printed at this session
to be distubuted. That is the reason I put in a
future day.
Mr. DAVIS. I vote for printing so few of them
that I think all I ever vote to print are worth the
postage, and I do not want to send a book to any-
body for which he is not willing to pay the post-
age.
The'PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairdoes
not understand the Senator from Mississippi to
move his proposition as an amendment to the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio. j
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; but as a substitute. j
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend- j
ment by adding: k/ j
And that all matl routes, tlie income of whiaR does not j
piy the expenses of such loutes, sliall bo discontinued. ;
I agree entirely Willi the Senator from New
York in the remark he has made, that the coun-
try is not prepared for the radical change that has
been proposed hereto-day. The system of cheap
postage was adopted in imitation of the policy
that had been adopted in England. Perhaps the
country acted somewhat hastily and unwisely at
that time; for there is a vast difference between
a little island, densely populated by a commer-
cial and manufacturing people, and a continent
like ours. But, sir, the proposition which has
been made here to-day to increase the postages,
will, in my judgment, be most unwelcome to
the country. I am ready to vote to abolish the
franking privilege. I have no objection to that;
but the people of my State pay into your post of-
fice revenue from one hundred and fifty to two
hundred thousand dollars annually at the present
rates, moie than enough to pay all their expenses;
and this excess is given to establish mail lines m
the thinly-settled sections of the country, from
which the demand now comes to increase the rates
of postage. Thus, you are to tax the people of
my section one or two hundred thousand dollars
more in order to keep up lines in sections of the
country where they will not begin to pay any-
thing. This demand now comes from that quar-
ter; and I have no doubt that if the policy of in-
| creasing the lates of postage be adopted, you will
[ find, sooner or later, that many of those lines
, which have been forced on the country to meet
| the wants of people in newly-settled sections will
> have to be abandoned.
I am not willing to vote for an increase of the
rates of postage at this time, but 1 will go with the
Senator from Ohio in abolishing now the whole
franking privilege. I had rather pay my own
postage than be burdened as I am by letters of no
account whatever, and by which I am compelled
to sit up sometimes until three or four o'clock in
the morning—letters not one in ten of which is of
any value to me or any human being. I am ready
to pay my own postage here; we can afford lo
tlo it nut of our salaries; then we shall not have
one fifth part of the letters to answer that we have
now, and we shall not have to attend to the dis-
tribution of documents. That is a burden which
I think every lazy man at any rate ought to be
glad to get rid of. I confess that 1 am too lazy
to toil, as I am actually compelled to toil, sitting
up during the weary hours of the night franking
speeches and documents, and answcimg letters
that arc of no account to me or anybody else. I
am willing to save the country that; but I tell you,
sir, it is a mistake at this time to change the rates
of pos'age, and I hope that proposition will not
prevail.
Mr. PUGH. It has prevailed.
Mr. BROWN. I shall vote for the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Ohio, but I rise
chiefly to say that all of us must know this meas-
ure brought in in this way; and discussed in this
manner.is to end in nothing."-' -We «e wasting
very precious hours here. You cannot introduce
in this sort of side-bar' manner a great refoi'm;in
a usage which has existed since the foundation
of the Government. It ought to be done, and I
will vote for it, simply as indicating my opinion;
but who dreams that the House of Representa-
tives is going, in this sort of way, to give up th|s
privilege? Why, sir, it is half their stock in trade.
You would bankrupt the political fortunes of;«t
least half of them, as they think, by abolishing
the franking privilege. All young- members of
Congress think so. They set a much- highef es-
timate on this privilege than those do who have
been here ten or fifteen years. Experience teaches
them that it is like the patronage of the President
—it breaks them down home because they Can-
not frank to everybody. Atan early part of the
session I should like this discussion to go on; it
would enlighten the country; but we have not
time for it now. Let us take the vote, however,
and send the proposition over to the other House.
But I want to say a word to the Senator from
Massachusetts, on the subject of old Massachu-
setts being so terribly taxed and belabored for the
benefit of other people. How long have other
people been taxed in other respects for the benefit
of Massachusetts ? What are all your tariff laws
and protection laws, but tb levy taxes-from people
outside of Massachusetts for the purpose of sus-
taining Massachusetts interests? I agree that is
all wrong. I should like to have a postal system
by which each Stale should sustain its own ar-
rangements, and then I should like another sys-
tem by which no discrimination should be made
m favor of the industry of one State or one sec-
tion, against the industry of another State or an-
other section. I want equality all round. I do
not think Massachusetts has much reason to com-
plain of a discrimination of a few cents postage,
for since I have had any connection with polities,
and long before, she has been constantly asking
favors. She cannot even take codfish without
getting something for it. [Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. I take it that all the favors
Massachusetts or the other manufacturing States
get from this Government, in mitigation of their
burdens, is dictated by the necessities of the Gov-
ernment in legard to revenue, and not by any
consideration of favor or patronage to their great
interests Upon the question before us, I have
to say that I will vote very cheerfully to abolish
the franking privilege irrespective altogether of
the other questions with which it is connected.
The amendmentsuggested by the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts as an amendment to
that proposition, has a hostile look, and I hope,
therefore he will withdraw it; and if he deems it
proper that he will hereafter present it as a dis-
[ tinct proposition, so that we may now have a
I distinct vote upon the question of abolishing the
j fianlcing privilege, which abolition I am in favor
! of. I would suggest, however, to my honorable
! fiiend from Massachusetts, that there is some-
thing which looks like retaliation in his proposi-
tion? I do not myself subscribe to the principle.
I believe it is right to raise revenue, or some way
to maintain postal communications. I do not be-
lieve that it is a principle to be absolutely fixed,
that every man who receives a letter shall be taxed
■ a propoi lionale cost of maintaining the whole of
this system." I regard the inland postal system
as a great instrumentality for maintaining and
preserving and extending this Union. I regard
. she. ocean postal system as a great agency for ex-
tending the commerce and the political influence
of this country throughout the world. I am will-
! mg, therefore, that the system shall be main-
tained in ail its amplitude, for the purpose of ex-
tending accommodations to those regions which
are new and unable themselves to sustain them.
| I tlunk that has been the experience heretofore
'■ of the system, and those States that do not now
i pay will ultimately come to be paying States, and
!! in their turn there will arise new States that will
]l not be self-sustaining. But I agree with the hon-
!' orable Senator from Mississippi, who hasjust
j taken-his seat, that this discussion may be well
ij and wise enough, but the measure is premature;
j. it ia not well to raise the people's taxes, especially
ii upon knowledge and upon the intercourse <jf af-
!! feetion, without their being heard and having an
opportunity to express their opinions.
