2gft0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Mr. GWIN. I would suggest to the Senator
from Mississippi, who, I know, is anxious that
the proposition which has been adopted shall pass
—as it is a very great improvement—whether it
would not be better to stand by that for the pres-
ent, and hereafter to take up the question of the
franking privilege, and digest and prepare it, and
bring forward a proper measure in regard to it?
If we vote both on this bill we may lose both;
but I am certain we can carry the one we have
already adopted if we do not mix it up with this.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to my friend from
California that I have no great hope of abolish-
ing the franking privilege. I brought forward
such a proposition in the Senate Chamber some
six or seven years ago, and it met with very little
support.
Several Senators. We will agree to it now.
Mr. D AVIS. I am glad that it is finding favor,
and I hope it will some day prevail. I want it
disconnected from other propositions, so that they
may all stand on their own merits.
Mr. BRODERICK. I have no objection to
abolishing the franking privilege, but I think it is
a very late day in the session to bring forward for
consideration so important a measure. If itisto
be abolished, I hope some of our heavy mail con-
tracts may also be abolished, if we can reach them.
If we are to send no letters to our constituents,
and receive none without paying for them, we
shall have no necessity for half a dozen mails to
every large place in the United States and to Eu-
rope. I think it will interfere with the jobs that
a great many gentlemen have been attending to
during this winter. Why, sir, the city is full of
contractors for carrying the mail to every place.
It costs the Government very nearly two million
dollars a year to carry the mails to my State. You
have got a mail running from a little place in Mis-
souri to some inland village in California; and I
understand that a contract was made the other
day for $100,000 to carry the mail from some place
in New Mexico to an interior mining town in Cal-
ifornia of no earthly use to the people of the State
generally; and I believe the time allowed to the
contractor would be sufficient for an Indian to put
the mail in his hat and walk the whole distance.
[Laughter.] Still this contractor has made a con-
tract with the Government, I believe, to carry the
mail for $100,000 or $150,000. If gentlemen are
exhibiting patriotism here, i hope they will strike
at that gieat abuse, for we arc paying too much
for carrying the mail.
But, sir, I have no idea that one half of the Sen-
ate are sincere in asking for this radical change at
tins late day in the session. I do not believe that
the House of Representatives will give any con-
sideration to it; for a Representative that is elected
for two years is very anxious to be popular with
his constituents. It is very well for us who me
elected for six years to show patriotism; but I
believe the other House will treat it very difler-
ently. I think it is occupying the Senate unne-
cessarily; and I hope, after this exhibition of pat-
riotism, we shall take a vote.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the amendment
I proposed, and I say very frankly, I am not for
it myself. 1 proposed it for the purpose of call-
ing the especial attention of gentlemen to the fact
that those sections of the country from whence
this movement comes to raise the postage do not
begin to pay their postal expenses.
Mr. CLAY. Adopt this, and we will do it.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say a word before
I sit down, in reply to the remark made by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown.] 1 wish
to say to him and all who act with him—and I
want them to understand it now and hereafter—
that the State of Massachusetts now pays, and
has paid for the last quarter of a century, more
than any other people in the Union to support the
Federal Government, and she will do so hereaf-
ter; she must as a matter of necessity. 1 want
the Senator to understand that we do not believe
we owe any special favors to this Governmenton
account of the manner m which it raises the rev-
enue of the country. With regard to the little
fishing bounties that you have taken away, I
make the acknowledgment that, on that single
point, you have something to talk about and to
boast of,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have but a
word to say, and it is my practice never willingly
to consume time. I never have yoted for the abo-
lition of the franking privilege heretofore; but I
am inclined now to the belief that the franking
privilege is at last but a tax, not perhaps justly a
tax, on the newspapers of the country, that ought
to furnish information to the people. It is a means
which enables those who will not pay for getting
information in regard to the action of the Gov-
ernment to rely on getting franked documents.
That I believe is one consideration; but there is
a far worse one so far as the practical operation
of the system is concerned. You may take the
most eminent men in either branch of Congress,
and you may take those not so eminent, who la-
bor with the utmost faithfulness for their constit-
uency, and you will find that they have not time
to frank documents. No one will say that Con-
gress does not sometimes have a pettifogger or a
demagogue in it; and a man of that sort can pay
seductive attentions to the people by devoting
himself to sending insignificant or worthless pub-
lic documents. He may spend his time in that
way, and undermine the very best, most faithful
and most laborious men you have, by that kind
of triiing attention. The people of the country
do not see it plainly, but when they are honored
with an attention from one who has a position
here, they feel kindly in return for it. The very
essence of representation is poisoned at its incep-
tion by the process. The best men sent here are
the most negligent in seeking to use such means
in ordeA to sustain themselves, and they have
somethmgelse to do than franking documents.
As I have sent a large number of documents to
my own State, I beg leave to say, in connection
with the remark I have just made, that I have
never franked them myself. I have franked parts
of them, but I have never dnected them myself.
If I had done so it would have destroyed my
power and ability, physically, to attend to the
business of my constituency, and the consequence
is what? It has been a tax upon my pocket; it
has been a tax of hundreds a year, and a tax which
is paid in deference to what is expected of me. I
shall doit so long as the franking privilege exists.
But when the pnvilege ceases, 1 know my people
will not expect it, but will go to the public press
to ascertain truly what are the facts; and they will
not only get the information m legard to my
course and my actions here, but they will get in-
formation very much more widely extended than
anything they could get by the petty documents
I might be able to send them. Therefore it is
that practically! believe the franking privilege
has ad vantages so few and disadvantages so great,
so eorruptmg and so unjust in their influence and
effect, that I shall henceforth vote to abolish the
privilege of franking by members of Congress.
Mr. BIIOWN. 1 do not mean to speak, be-
cause I want to vote; but I do not want the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to suppose that he con-
vinced me, by his declaration that Massachusetts
was paying so largo a sum to the Government,
that she stood in advance of all the other States.
I wish to say to him now simply, that we will
adjourn that discussion to December next. I will
undertake to demonstrate that the people of Mas-
sachusetts are not to be credited at the Treasury
for all that is paid at Boston; they are not her
payments; and that she is to be charged with
whatever she makes under your revenue laws as
cleat profit. I propose, in December, when we
meet again, and come to overhaul the revenue
system, as I suppose we shall, to discuss these
propositions with the Senator from Massachu-
setts. This is not the time to do it now.
Mr. WILSON. I shall be ready.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no doubt that the
franking privilege may be seriously modified, or
perhaps abandoned altogether; but 1 do not in-
tend to vote for any legislative proposition on
this bill. I am satisfied the whole system is a
vicious one that we are falling imo, and it is be-
coming worse every day. I hope the House of
Representatives will reject everything of the kind
you put on the bill. We have committees or-
ganized for the purpose of considering and report-
ing to us on any subject-matter which is thought
worthy the attention of the Senate. This spe-
cies of legislation destroys the whole effect of
that system entirely. We have partial and min-
gled legislation on every appropriation bill that
comes up. We shall have our laws in a state
that it will be almost impossible for anybody to
understand them. Provisions are placed on them
in the hurried discussion of a single day, without
any previous notice of the subject you have to
discuss, without any report of a committee; and
it is impossible, whatever may be the extent of
our intelligence, that we should not commit se-
rious blunders by such a course of legislation.
For this reason, and this alone, I mean to vote
against the whole system of legislation upon ap-
propriation bills.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not rise to make any
remarks, but to suggest an amendment which I
think will assist this proposition, particulaily in
its passage through the other House. It is to
make His abolition of the franking privilege take
date from the 4th of March next. Many mem-
bers of the other House, having been elected until
that time, consider that they have a right, under
their election, to frank until that time; that it is a
kind of contract, as it were; that they have a right
to their franking privilege until the 4th of March
next; and by that time we can get rid of the doc-
uments.
Mr. DAVIS. Half a loaf is better than no
bread.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think you will carry it
in that way, and no other.
Mr. PUGH. I was about to accept the prop-
osition of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis;] for I do not think there will be any blun-
der in abolishing the franking privilege to some
extent. If it is the wish of the Senate, I will ac-
cept the amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, as modified, will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jlnd he itfarther enacted, That the franking privilege now
accorded to members of Congress, be, and the same is
hereby, abolished from and after the 4th day of March next.
Mr. STUART. I desire to say only a few words
on this question. I agree with what most gen-
tlemen have said, that the franking privilege could
be much better described by calling it the frank-
ing burden; but I doubt the propriety of abolish-
ing it entirely, although I shall vote for that. I
suggested to the Senator from Mississippi, the
other day, when the question was up, when he
made some remarks on the subject, to perfect his
ideas by drafting a bill. One idea he suggested
was for the distribution of certain documents that
are ord inarily published throughout the States,
through the officers of each body of Congress, to
certain public libraries and county seats, or other
places that might be designated. I think that wise
and proper. All that can be done hereafter.
I must say also, that I doubt the propriety of
abolishing this privilege so far as letters are con-
cerned; still, I am not going to dispute about that;
I am only throwing out my suggestions. It is un-
doubtedly true, as other Senators have suggested,
that it is only on appropriation bills at the last
hours of the session when these great questions
of reform are presented, at a time when it is pretty
generally understood that in one or the other
House, or both, they will fail. I have no doubt
that the honorable Senator from Arkansas has
presented his proposition in good faith; he has
shown that m all respects; but if it had been pre-
sented m the early part of the session, in a ma-
tured bill by itself, it is conceded by all it would
have been much better considered.
I wish to make another suggestion while I am
up, and that is as to the manner in which we do
business on the appropriation bills. The con-
stant argument is that no legislation shall be put
on appropriation bills; still it goes on upon one
subject or another, and what is the final result
in the end ? because that, I think, is important to
be considered by the country. In the end, at
best, the legislation of the country is done by six
men, probably it is done by two, for I think it is
generally true that the committees of conference
are suggested by either the Presidm0 Officer of
each House or the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means and the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance. If so, then the legislation of
the country is in the hands of two men, or six, at
the outside. I have tried, so far as I am concerned,
to prevent this at this session, and I do not men-
tion it now by way of complaint. The extension
of the session will do us no good. But the other
day, when the Senate was full, we rejected a prop-
osition for increased steamers twice by a decided
vote. When the Senate was reduced to a bare
