780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
ernraent, the lawful authorities were maintained
s;nti supported by actual legislation.
The admission of California, evea, with an in-
adequate population, under a convention called
together by a general of the Army of the United
States, surrounded by hirf officers and his camp,
and who might have carried outthc congruity, and
written his civil proclamation, calling a constitu-
tional convention, on a drum-head, was not an
exception, although, as the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi has so well intimated, the wild cattle of
the plains were lassoed and broughtinto the Union
under quasi legal authority; for it was claimed
that the right to govern was correlative to the
right of acquiring territory, and the government
under conquest and military authority was, for
the time being, from the very necessities of the
case, competent and lawful. Sir, this whole ques-
tion was presented in the self-styled Republic of
Frankiand, now the State of Tennessee. In 1784,
a convention of delegates elected by the people,
without law, and without the consent of North
Carolina, (within whose jurisdiction the territory
was,) met at Jonesborough and formed a consti-
tution. Under this, an Assembly met and elected
JohS"Sevier, Governor, together with judges, and
all other State officers, civil and military. This
constitution was the Topeka constitution of the
time. All dependence upon North Carolina was
denied, and they absolved themselves from her
sovereignty and jurisdiction. In 1785, Governor
Martin, of North Carolina, issued his proclama-
tion and protested against all these proceedings.
The contest continued, and like the Isaliccon,
which flows through laurel, grew bitter as it ran.
William Cocke was sent to the Continental Con-
gress, with a constitution adopted by a conven-
tion of the people of Frankiand, and applied to
have the same admitted into the Union. Congress
utterly disregarded the application. Why, gen-
tlemen upon this side of the Chamber, why ? Be-
cause it was made against all legal authority, and
without the sanction of North Carolina, the only
competent authority to act. Two empires were
then exerted over the same unhappy people at the
same time, as in Kansas now. Double courts
were held in each county, one by judges ap-
pointed by the State of Frankiand, the other by
North Carolina." The stoutest, most resolute, and
courageous man was appointed sheriff; taxes
were levied by both Governments, and p.nd to
neither; courts were broken up; records stolen;
and anarchy and civil war disturbed all the rela-
tions of society. This fearful strife continued for
two years, till September, 1787, when the people,
by delegates sent to the General Assembly of
North Carolina, at Tarborough, were glad to re-
sume their allegiance to North Carolina. She
pursued towards her prodigal sons a noble policy;
and on the 25th of February, 1790, ceded to the
United States all her territory west of the eastern
boundary of Tennessee; and Congress, by the act
of the 2d of April, 1790, accepted the grant, and
agreed to place the territory under the operation
of the ordinance of 1787, with the exception of a
primary stipulation in the deed of cession from
North Carolina, that the slaves in the State should
not be emancipated. On the 11th of February,
1795, the Territorial Legislature authorized a cen-
sus to be taken, and directed the Governor to rec-
ommend to the people, upon a day to be fixed by
him, to elect m the manner prescribed by law five
persons in each county as delegates to a conven-
tion " for the purpose of forming a constitution
and permanent government." In conformity with
the power thus given, the convention ordained
and established the constitution, and it was never
submitted to the people as thatwas not required by
the organic act. The Governor, William Blount,
certified to Congress, that the number of inhabit-
ants exceeded the quota fixed by the ordinance of
1787, and submitted, by a special messenger, the
constitution which had been formed, and claimed
the right to be admitted as a State. Washington
committed the whole subject, in a special message,
to Congress, in which he inferentially accedes to
the right, without making any substantive recom-
mendation; and on the first day of June, 1790,
Tennessee was admitted into the Union.
How was it with Ohio, referred to by the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Shorter] this morn-
ing, but not fully stated ? Congress, by the act of
April 30, 1802, authorized the inhabitants of the
eastern division, northwest of the river Ohio, " to
form for themselves a constitution and a State
government." Here, for the first time, Congress
took the initiative, and usurped power heretofore
exercised by the Territorial Legislature; estab-
lished the qualifications, time, and mode of elect-
ing delegates to the constitutional convention;
fixed Chillicothe as the place for the meeting; and
offered to the convention certain propositions in
regard to the public lands, which, if accepted by
it, were to be obligatory upon the United States;
thus distinguishing between the convention and
the people. This act occasioned extreme oppo-
sition, not only from these terms, but because
Congress disposed of the territory lying north of
a line drawn east and west through the southern
extreme of Lake Michigan, and contrary to the
ordinance of 1787. As the people of Michigan
were opposed to this policy, and could have de-
feated the convention if they h ad been retained, to
render congressional usurpation effectual, Michi-
gan was united to Indiana Territory, and subse-
quently was separately organized.
The opposition to these measures was deep and
implacable; and the whole spirit and principles
which were involved, may be seen by the remarks,
in the House of Representatives, by Mr. Fearing,
the then Delegate from the Territory; by Mr. Gris-
wold, of Connecticut, and by resolutions unani-
mously passed at Dayton, Ohio, in September,
1802, all of which I hereto affix for publication,
as Appendix No. 4. As one of the Dayton res-
olutions embodies and states the whole question
with remarkable clearness and precision, I must
here give it, as a complete enunciation of the very
law of Kansas which is now in controversy:
"We consider that the late law of Congress for the ad-
mission of this Territory into the Union, as far as it relates
to the calling of a convention and regulating the election ot
its members, is an act of legislative usurpation of power
properly the province of the Territorial Legislature, bearing
a striking similarity to the course of Great Britain imposing
laws on tiie Provinces. We view it as unconstitutional;
as a bad precedent, and unjust and partial as to the repre-
sentation in the different counties."
In the face of these protestations, the conven-
tion met, and, in the exorcise of the plenary
power "to form a constitution and State govern-
ment," ordained and established the constitution,
and absolutely refused, by a vote of 27 yeas to 7
nays, to submit the same for ratification. The
official action of the convention, taken from its
journals, will be published herewith, as Appen-
dix No. 5.
By the provisions of the Kansas bill, ns here-
tofore referred to, Congress transferred to the Ter-
ritorial Legislature whatever powers it possessed,
and expressly stipulated that the authority of that
Legislature should extend to all rightful subjects
of legislation. Is not the act of taking census a
rightful subject of legislation ? Is not the law sub-
mitting to the people the question of calling a con-
stitutional convention a rightful subject of legis-
lation ? Is not the calling of the convention itself
a rightful subject of legislation ? Are not the qual-
ifications of its members, and the powers to be
intrusted to them,and the place of meeting, right-
ful subjects of legislation ? Is not the punishment
of frauds upon the elective franchise, a rightful
subject of legislation ?
If, then, Congress has abnegated all these ma-
terial matters, and left them to territorial legisla-
tion, no power remains to pass an enabling act,
or to interfere with the mode fixed by law, for the
people to govern themselves, because Congress
; cannot resume the exercise of the renounced au-
thority, without intervening, defeating, and by its
very act, repealing the law organizing the Terri-
tory itself. If frauds have been committed, the
territorial authorities are the proper tribunals to
investigate and punish them. Congress possesses
no power, by the Constitution, to act as an in-
quisitorial body upon the exercise of the right of
suffrage, either upon the part of the people of a
i State o i-a Territory; except so far asit relates to the
qualifications and returns of its own members,
ji Any other doctrine than this is the doctrine of the
|| Republican party, as enunciated in their Philadel-
jjphia platform, that " the. Constitution confers
1 upon Congress absolute, unrestricted, and sover-
eign power, over the Territories, for their govern-
; rnent, and not upon the people." But, if anything
| were wanting to corroborate this view of the ques-
i tion, it can be supplied by another section of the
; Kansas act already quoted, and so ably referred to
J by the gentleman from Mississippi, which looks
beyond the existence of the Territory as a Terri-
tory, and anticipates its existence as a State. By
the operation of a fundamental stipulation, no fur-
ther proceedings on the part of Congress are ren-
dered necessary, than the simple recognition of the •
State itself, and the admission of the same into
the Union, with a republican constitution. This
is non-intervention—this is the very gist of the
Kansas act, and any other policy will be found
to be beset with difficulties, not only formidable
but insuperable.
Sir, whence comes it that the submission of a
constitution to the people for ratification or rejec-
tion, is considered necessary to its republicanism ?
Our fathers did not act upon that doctrine; and I
have felt curious to ascertain under what circum-
stances the policy was inaugurated. After very
considerable research, I have found the first ex-
ample, and like all novelties in American politics
of late years, it comes from a State that has al-
ways been a leading power in the North—from
Massachusetts—a State that has never been with-
out a majestic share of the political control of this
Government, wielded sometimes for good and
sometimes for evil. From the commencement of
the Government there has been a struggle between
the principles of Virginia and the principles of
Massachusetts; the first, confining the Federal au-
thority to the sphere of delegated powers; the last,
dilating that authority beyond proper scope and
limits, and ending in legislative usurpations and
legislative despotism. In the State of Maine, (then
a part of Massachusetts,) on the 5th day of Oc-
tober, 1785, thirty-three delegates appeared at Fal-
mouth, elected by the people without authority of
law, and organized themselves into a convention
for the purpose of considering whether they would
erect themselves into a separate State. The Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts protested against these
proceedings, precisely as the Governor of North
Carolina had done, and which we have already
explained ; but notwithstanding this, three more
conventions were held. The last ordered a vote
to be taken of the people, for or against the move-
ment; the returns to be made to the president of
the convention. A vote was taken; the people
pronounced in favor of separation; but from 1785
up to 1819, no action resulted from it, until the
rightful authority of Massachusetts was exerted.
In that year, on the 19th of June, the Legislature
passed an act for the separation of Maine, and for
forming the same into a separate State. The act
prescribes the qualification of voters; provides
" that a majority of the votes returned to the pres-
ident of the convention shall determine the ques-
tion of the adoption or rejection of the constitu-
tion;" for while it was made the duty of the con-
vention to form a constitution of government, the
delegates were required to submit it to the people;
and all those authorized to vote for delegates were
required " to give a vote in writing,"expressing
approbation or disapprobation of the constitution
so prepared. The act went further than this; for
it conferred on the president of the convention all
the powers of the Governor and Council of Mas-
sachusetts, until a new Governorcould be chosen.
It will be found in full, in the second volume of
Massachusetts laws.
This was the first example in American poli-
tics, so far as my researches have gone, in which
a constitution was directly submitted to the vote
of the people. It proceeded upon the correct and
unquestionable principle that it is competent for
the people to limit the authority of their own
agents and representatives in electing them; and
it is for this very reason they are bound when
plenary powers are given. In this sense, the Le-
compton convention having full authority to or-
dain and establish a constitution by the organic
act, it was not necessary to submit the constitu-
tion to the people at all; and the mode of submis-
sion adopted in the schedule is therefore free from
all the objections which have been urged against
it, because, in submitting it to the people as a con-
stitution with slavery, or as a constitution with-
out slavery, the convention in effect ordained and
established it as a fundamental form of govern-
ment, which they had by law a right to do, and
left the only element of distraction to be decided
at the polls. In every constitution since that of
Maine, submitted to the people for ratification or
rejection, no discretion has been left to the dele
gates to the convention; but they have been re-
quired, by the act creating them, to refer their
