1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
words, lhatthat government was protected from their
assaulfsbtj ike troops of the United States.
Now, I submit to you, sir, wheiher that is not
a fair, unequivocal, open confession of the fact
that the great majority of the people of Kansas
ntver assented, from fits! to last, to any portion
of that machinery which has resulted in the pro-
duction of this Lecompton constitution ? Why,
then, attempt to force it upon them with this pen-
alty threatened on the one hand, and this bribe
tendered on the other? Do you not impose an
unjust and unfair condition by this bill when you
therein declare that, if the people accept this bribe,
they shall come into the Union under the Le-
compton constitution, although they have only
fifty thousand population; but if they reject the
bribe, they should not come in under a constitution
of their choice till they shall have a population of
ninety-three thousand four hundred, the present
ratio of representation, or a still greater number,
if before that time the ratio be increased ?
But, sir, there is another objection to this meas-
ure. Suppose that the people of Kansas were
?ermitted to vote directly upon this constitution—
say that the Congress of the United States has
duties to perform which it is not at liberty to
waive; and one of these duties is to see to it that
no constitution shall go into operation with the
consent of Congress which denies the right of a
majority of the qualified voters to amend, alter, or
change it at their pleasure. Such a constitution
is not lepnblican.
Now, sir, I assert, that this Lecompton consti-
tution, by express provisions, excludes the ma-
jority from this right of amendment. What are
its provisions in this respect? First,that in any
election to be held in said State, the qualifications
of a voter shall be that he be a male citizen of the
United States, above, the age of twenty-one years.
(Article 8, section 1.) And section fourteen of
the schedule, provides that the constitution shall
never be amended or altered, " unless a majority
of all the citizen's of the State shall first have voted j
for a convention." Now, every man knows that
under our free institutions, every person-born of
free parents within the jurisdiction of the United
States, and who are residents thereof, is a citizen
of tlie United States, and therefore of the State of
his residence, whether such person be male or
female. The records of the courts m a thousand
instances, bear witness to the fiict that women and
children, as well as men of fvll age, are citizens
of the United States, and of the several States.
This Lecompton constitution limits the right of
suffrage to male citizens of the United states over j
1 wenty-one years of age, and at the same time said
instrument provides that it shall never be amended
or altered without the consent ami approval of a
'iiiajpiity of all the cilizcn", by tk^irvotes at the polls, j
!t simply requires an i'liposf-iWit!?, when it says j
that a majority of the citizens, men, women and j
chiliIren, <>f the Territory, shall absent by ballot to ;
the convention for amendment, when it declares \
hat at any election only male citizens of the Uni- j
,>d States over twenty-one years ofjige elml! vote, j
Tlmt is the language and legal effect of this in-
strument. Ko man will nndei take to gainsay that
the language is thee as I hate quoted it. The
words are plain: and when the winds are plain,
t here is no room for constiucaon, and no construc- [
lion can be tolerated.
But, Mr. Speaker, I must hasten to the conclu-
sion of what 1 have to say. Thine is another pro- ^
vision in tiiis constitution to which 1 desire tocal'
attention; and that is, the provision that it shall
never be so amended as to affect the ownership
of property in slaves. What becomes ot gentle-
men's notions of Siate sovereignty, if the Con-
gress of the United States <'an g've iorcc and effect j
to such a law as tins r Dees not every man here
know lhat even if my construction of the consti-
tution were wrong, and a majnnty of the qualified
voters of Kansas were to attempt to amend their
constitution so a" to abohsh ihe ownership of :
vn-ope.ty in slaves, after this atrocious thing had
become"th" fundamental law of the State by the
assent of Congress, such amendment would be
held by that citadel of slavery which is located ill
the base of this Capitol to be in violation of vested
i'i rhts, and therefore void r The who'e power of
the General Government would be arrayed to sus-
tain that vested n_;ht, if you phase, against the '
expiossed will of a majority of the people of
Kansas.
Sir, this is the first instance in which the Con-
gress of the United States has attempted, by
formal enactment, to' give perpetuity to this insti-
tution of slavery within the limits and jurisdic-
tion of a sovereign State. As a State-rights man,
standing here, pledged as I am to maintain the
rights of the people and the rights of the States,
I protest against this dangerous assumption of
power, and claim that it is the right of the sover-
eign people within the limits of a State to abolish
the institution of slavery at their pleasure. Does
any Representative from the South assert this
power to be in Congress >
I do not object to restraints upon States in favor
of liberty, and-to the end that the Constitution of
our common country may be upheld in full force,
and that the great and sacred rights of human
nature may not be infringed; but I protest against
this Lecompton conspiracy, which denies the
right of self-government, and ignores the will of
the majority if expressed, or attempted to be ex- j
pressed, against despotism. Let gentlemen beware ■
how they attempt, even under the power and 1
shelter of a great central Government, more than
imperial in its resources, to crush out the heart
and conscience of the people. God is in History.
Let gentlemen give heed to its lessons of the terri-
ble retribution which sometimes overtakes those
who seek to establish an odious and hated des-
potism over the minds and conscience, the brain
and heart of freemen.
Sir, I claim for myself the same right as did the
Congress of 1811, to inquire " whether this Le-
compton constitution is consistent with the provisions
of the Federal Constitution?" And, sir, 1 have come
to the conclusion that it is not only inconsistent
with the Constitution of the United States, but
that it is in direct conflict with the rights of every
man, woman, and child, within the Territory of'
Kansas. j
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow |
me to interrupt him ? ;
Mr. BINGHAM. No,sir. If you please, I pre-1
fer to conclude what 1 have to say without inter-
ruption. This instrument declares that the right '
of property m slaves and their increase is not ;
within the control of the majority of the people of j
the State; that this right is before and higher than
any constuutionalsanction. This instrument, as-
scits another provision, the brutal despotism of
which can hardly be equaled, except by that re-
cently exercised by Nicholas, whose hands were
red with the blood of muidered Poland and the
assassinated liberty of Hungary. It is the pro-
vision which dooms freemen, guihy of no crime,
to perpetual exile. Such aie some of die provisions
of this infernal instrument framed at Lecompton,
for which we are now called upon to vote.
What, sir, are the argum nits adurex.sed to us
to induce us to give ourassent to this instrument ?
The President of the United States eionps from
the position of his great ofliee, hitherto made illus-
trious by Washington, Adams, Jefferson, and
Madison—he comes here into the Hall of this
House of Representatives, and tells us that this
Leconipion constitution, with all its a'locious pro-
visions, is eminently leasonable and proper, be-
cause Kansas, says he, " is at this moment as
much a slave State as Georgia or South Caroli na."
And lie doi s not stop with this. The President
has o+!icially declared to us that these slave pro-
visions are just and reason:,hie. J ustice, sir, to sell
a man's wi'fe? Justice to sell a child's mother?
Justice to drive a man, guilty of no crime, away
from the land of his bnth, from the scenes of his
childhood, from the graves of his kindred ? Jus-
tice to deny to a man the fruits of his own toil'
Justice to cienv to a man the enjoyments of his
own home > Justice to deny to a man the pres-
ence and prattle of his own children ? Justice to
deny to a man the convictions of his own soul?
Justice 1 justice, sir, is the unchanging and eternal
rule of right; it is the attribute of the great God
of nature; it dwelt with hi'U befote worhls were;
it will abide with him when worlds perish 1 By
the judgment of the Pagan and Christian world,
it is injustice to deny to any man his right.
Mr. Speaker, it is not justice to wantonly sub-
ject men, women, and cnildreii, at the aibihaiy
will of another, to stripes and imprisonment, to
hunger and'thust, to cuid and nakedness, robbery
and "murder. To enslave a man is to murder him
,, by slow torture. This will not pass for justice
'I among men, until men fo>gtt the distinctions be-
tween right and wrong, good and evil, virtue and
vice.
By this bill, sir, we are not only to sanction
the monstrous atrocity of chattel slavery, but we
are to say, if the majority will accept the bribe,
that "atrocity shall be perpetual. We are to agree
that the children of wrong and oppression in Kan-
sas shall have no deliverance in the future; tnit
they and their children shall, from generation to
generation, toil on in the house of their bondage,
in the words of this instrument, that no alteration,
shall be made therein to affect the ownenhip of jn op-
ertj in slaves. Sir, the American Congress, by this
enactment, is to declare that if the majority wi
accept the bribe, the Congress of the United States
will perpetuate the horrid lie that one man may
of right sell his brother for thirty pieces of silver-
as Judas sold our Lord 1
I say to gentlemen you may pass the bill, out
you cannot make the lie perpetual. A he cannot
live forever, it has no vitality in it. Sooner or
later it must perish. Perpetuate the atrocity that
a majority may of right enslave the minority or
drive it into returnless exile 1 Make this rule of
wrong perpetual ! There is nothing perpetual but
God, His truth, His justice, and the creatures of
His hand. I say to gentlemen on the otner side,
you have it in vour power to save our country
from this foul dishonor. Why do you hesitate
to deny your assent to this great wrong. Is l
because you believe with the President that
slavery exists in Kansas under and by virtue ot
the Constitution of the United S'ates. Is it be-
cause you believe, with certain political econo-
mists of our day, that slavery is the natural and
normal condition of the laboring man? If that be
your conviction, act it out; say so m words,
is your right and your duty to declare it. Ana
ly an open, manly avowal of it, you will command
the respect of those whodifter from you for your
candor, if you can never hope to command their
anpioval of your principles. Declare openly your
true purpose and intent. For God s sake do not
shirk this great issue under false, and, if 1 may be
allowed the expression without meaning to ie
offensive, fraudulent pretenses of State rights and
popular sovereignty. Why do you hesitate to
say openly what your support of this bill nl^n'"
festly imports—that it is your purpose to establish
and uphold chattel slavery in Kansas under the
forms of law and at all hazards? Why do you
hesitate to avow this purpose ? Is it not because
you feel and know that its distinct avowal would
electrify the nation, and summon it to a stern,
united, defiant resistance ?
1 say to gentlemen on the otner side, who com-
pose the majority of this House, you may pass
this bill into a law; you nviy induce the majority
to accept its nroifercd bribe; you may thereby
impose upon that you,-.-Territory the shame and
crime and curse of this brutal atrocity; you w&Y
thereby shake down the pillars of this bcauti.ul
fabiie, of free government, and drench this land m
j fraternal blood, but you can never give perma-
neneffto such an act of perfidy, to such a system of
wron-. It IS too late for that: it is the high noon
of the nineteenth century. The whole heavens
are filled with the light of a new and better day.
Kings hold their power with a tremulous and
unsteady hand. The Irastiles and oungeons of
! tyrants, those graves of human liberty", are giv-
i ing up their dead. There is a pause in tne world s
I great battle. Its banners of conflict, which bin
i vesterday streamed from Paris to St. Peters mig,
I are furled; and to-day the mighty heart of the
i! woild stands still, awaiting the resurrection ot
j| the nations, and that final triumph of the
;; foretold in prophesy and invoked m song, w sea
j' tho Angel of Deliverance shall lead captivity cap-
! tive. In this hour of the world's repose,and tho
world's hope, shall America, the child and tne
| stay of the earth's old age, prove false to her most
| sacred traditions, false to her holiest trust, am
i> by this proposed enactment, consent to stu to
j: down liberty in herown temple,and forge chains
' for her own children.''
I; Mr. CLINGMAJS. The report from the coi,-
'' ference committee is not amendable. We inns
!■ vote on it as it stands. I presume that gentlemen
|l have made up their minds on it, and I have risen
to demand the previous question.
; Mr. CLARK, of New York. 1 hope the gen-
ii tie man wul withdraw that demand, i propose
. only to say a word or two; and when I have c
