IMS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
M.r. HAMLIN, from Uip Committee on Com-
merce, to .whom was referred the bill (S. No. 232)
for the relief of Jerem inh Moors, reported it with-
out samidwent. He also submitted a report oil
the subject; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. M ALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affaies, to whom was referred the memorial of
James H. Frost and Eliza A. Johnson, submitted
a report, accompanied by a joint resolution (S.
No. 34) for the relief of the legal representatives
of James A. Frost, deceased. The resolution was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
W|is referred the petition of Henry Etting, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
301) for the relief of Henry Etting. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from theCommLttee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the petition of the officers
of insurance companies and others, of Chicago,
Illinois, praying the repeal of the act of March 5,
1856, authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to change the names of vessels in certain cases,
and the petition of officers of insurance companies
and others, of Chicago, Illinois, praying the en-
actment of a law requiring sailing vessels to earry
lights, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to, the subject
having been already disposed of by legislation in
the Senate.
PAPERS RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it wss
Oidcred, Tint the adverse report ou the memorial of
Captain John l'ickell, be recommitted to liie Committee on
Peusioos.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, it was
Ordered, That the bill (3. No. 274) for the relief of Ran-
dall Pf'cg, together with the report in the case, be recom-
mitted to the"Committee au Patents and the Patent Office.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to intioduce a bill (S. No. 299) to
establish an additional land district in the State
of Iowa; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
300) for the relief of the Hungarian settlers upon
certain tracts of land in Iowa, hitherto reserved
from sale by order of the President, dated Janu-
ary 22, 1855: which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
B. L. BOGAN.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay, fiom the
contingent fund of the Senate, the sum of .^200 to B. L.
JBo/an, toj the fceivices ef lu4 son in the document-ioom of
the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, their Clerk, an-
nouncing' that the tiousc had passed a bill to au-
thorize the vestry of Washington parish to take
and inclose certain parts of streets in W ashington
city, for the purpose of extending the Washing-
ton Cemetery, and for other purposes.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I report back from the Com-
mittee on Finance the bill (H. R. No. 30G) to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending June 30,1858, which
was referred to the committee with the Senate
amendments, and the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives on those amendments. I move that
it be now taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senate are aware that
the House sent hack the bill disagreeing to our
amendments, one of which relates to the reporters
of (he House, and the other to the third section.
Both of those items were stricken out by the Sen-
ate, and the House disagreed to those amend-
ments. The Committee on Finance instruct me
to move that the Senate recede from those amend-
ments, which motion I accordingly submit.
Mr. TOOMBS'. I believe the proper motion
would be—though I do not know which has pri-
ority—to insist, and ask for a conference with the
House of Representatives, which I hope will be
done. I see no reason why we should recede from
the almost unanimous judgment of the Senate
against these amendments of the House, which
are confessedly admitted by all the Senate—at
least by ail who spoke on the subject—to be ille-
gal, contrary to the laws of the land. Here is a
general supply bill for the public service, one
which the exigencies of wa-ralooe can justify our
passing through aA all, and we are asked to allow
the House of Representatives to place upon such
a bill illegal appropriations, things that nobody
on this floor will-justify; pot only against law, but
so outrageous iti their character that they have
not one defender on this floor. I see no reason
why the honorable Senator from Virginia should
make this an exception to the ordinary parlia-
mentary rule. Why should not the Senate take
the legitimate parliamentary means of getting rid
of what they have nearly unanimously determ-
ined to be an extremely obnoxious section ? I
hope, therefore, that the motion of the Senator
from Virginia, will be voted down, or that mine
will have priority, that the Senate insist an4 ask
for a conference.' it is the usual mode,and I see
no reason for departing from it, unless gentlemen,
wish to abandon their opposition to these obnox-
ious measures, arid to procure their passage while
voting against them. Unless they are really in
favor of them, while seeming tx> oppose them, I
sec no reason for departing from the usual course.
Mr. HUNTER. If I supposed that by appoint-
ing a committee of conference the House of Rep-
resentatives would agree to strike out these items,
I certainly would vote for it; but the vote of that
House was very decided—more than two to one.
I have no idea, from all I hear, that they will re-
cede. I know that the Government is in need of
the money proposed to be appropriated in this
deficiency bill, and therefore I was disposed to end
it as soon aar I could. In regard to these sections,
if the Senate does not choose to recede, then the
Senator from Georgia can move to insist and try a
conference. I apprehend without that he will not
find himself able to effect anything unless he de-
termines to lose the bill upon it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no hesitation in say-
ing that I am prepared to lose the bill on it. I
am prepared to do my duty to the public Treas-
ury, and not to be forced to illegal and unconsti-
tutional expenditures by the other branch of the
Legislature. While I yield all respect to them,
I have my duties to perform, and I shall follow
them to their consequences.
Mr. PUGI-L 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to recede.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Georgia that the mo-
tion of the Senator from Virginia is first in order,
and must first be put.
Mr. TOOMBS. I withdraw my motion for the
present.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. YULEE. I have been absent in attend-
ance on a committee; but I understand that the
Committee on Finance recommcnd that the Sen-
ate recede. I nearly always vote to sustain the
recommendations of the committee; I shall do so
on this occasion. |
i The result was announced—yeas 18, ne.ys 22; I
! as follows:
! yeas—Mpssis. Allen, Dei!. Cigler, Brown, Crittenden,
i Evans, F;upairickjG:t>et>,Gwm, Hammond. Houston. Ilnn-
l ter. Johnson of AikantUrf, 31.i>on, Folk, Wilson, Wright,
and Yuieo—IS.
i NAYS — Messrs. Biggs, Biodciiok, C!i$ndl?r, CJ-aik, ,
| Dixon, Douglas, D.nk'-e, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Ilatlan, !
: Henderson, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, King. Mallory, !
! Pugji, Seward, Simmons, Toombs, TiutiibuH, and Wade— j
' 2-2. . !
! So the Senate refused to recede from their amend- 1
i ments. j
! Mr. HUNTER. I hope that, as the Senate j
I have refused to recede, the Senator from Georgia 1
' will make his motion to insist and ask a confer- j
|ence. _ i
i Mr. TOOMBS. I make that motion. !
| The motion was agreed to. It was ordered that
i the committee be appointed by the President pro j
j tempore; and Messrs. Toombs, Biggs, and Fes- '
| sendee were appointed.
| A message was afterwards received from the
' House of Representatives, by Mr. Allen, their
Clerk, announcing that the House insisted on
their disagreement to the first and second amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 306)
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of* the fiscal year cnuing 30th of June,
1858, insisted on by the Senate; agreed to the con-
ference asked by the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon; and have ap-
pointed Mr. JoHtf Letcher, of Virginia, Mr.
WiluamR. maclatjof New York, and Mr. M.
H. Nichols, of Ohio, the committee on their part.
GEORGE FISHER'S REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up the Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 21. It is a short resolution, which was
objected to the other day by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Biggs,] who,.on examina-
tion, withdraws his objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark to the Senator from Georgia, that,un-
less by unanimous consent, his motion cannot be
entertained, the hour of half past twelve o'clock
having arrived.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask that unanimous consent.
It will not take more than a moment to dispose
of this joint resolution. If it takes time, I am
willing to let it go over.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the joint resolution (S. No. 21) devolv-
ing upon the Secretary of War the execution
of the act of Congress entitled "An act supple-
mentary to an act therein mentioned," approved
Dewmber 22, 1854.
It provides that the various duties imposed or
required to be performed by the act of Congress
entitled An act supplemental to an act therein
mentioned," approved December 22, 1854, in-
cluding the act to which it is supplemental, shall
be transferred to the Secretary of War, who is to
proceed de novo to execute the same in their plain
and obvious meaning; but from any amount which
may then be found justly and equitably due to the
legc.1 representatives of George Fisher, deceased,
there shall be deducted all sums which may have
been heretofore allowed and paid by the united
States.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (S.
No. 161) for the admission of the State of Kan-
sas into the Union.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I have care-
fully examined the bill reported by the committee
of conference as a substitute for the House amend-
ment to the Senate bill for the admission of Kan-
sas, with an anxious desire to find in it such pro-
visions as would enable me to give it my support.
I had hoped that, after the disagreement of the
two Houses upon this question,some plan,some
form of bill, could have been agreed upon, which
would harmonize and quiet the country, and re-
unite those who agree in principle and in political
action on this great question, so as to take it out
of Congress. 1 am not able, in the bill which is
now under consideration, to find that the princi-
ple for which I have contended is fairly carried
out. The position, and the sole position, upon
which I have stood in tins whole controversy, has
been that the people of Kan&as, and of each other
Territory, in forming a constitution for admission
into the tJnion as a State, should be left perfectly
free to form and mold their domestic institutions
and organic act in their own way, without coer-
cion on the one side, or any improper or undue
influence on the other.
The question now arises, is there such a sub-
mission of the Lecompton constitution as brings
it fairly within that principle? In terms, the con-
stitution is not submitted at ail; but yet we are
told that it amounts toa submission, because there
is a land grant attached to it, and they are per-
mitted to vote for the land grant, or against the
land grant; and, if thejT accept the land grant, then
they are required to take the constitution with it;
and, if they reject the land grant, it shall he held
and deemed a decision against coming into the
