1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2893
Mr. YULEE. Let me read the law as it stands,
and see whether it is necessary to legislate at all
in the direction the Senator proposes:
"And upon ali letters passing through or in the mail of
the United States, excepting snoh as are to or from a for-
eign country, the postages as above specified shall be pre-
paid, except upon letters and packages addressed to officers
of the Government upon official business, which sliail be so
marked on the envelope." <
Does not the law stand well as it is now?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir. I prefer to make
no exception.
Mr. TOOMBS. If I understand the proposi-
tion of the Senator from New York, it is to make
all pay. He wishes to except everybody. Item-
braces the proposition lost on the last vote, by
making all be prepaid. You arrive at the same
thing jn another way.
Mr. RICE. I would like to ask the honorable
Senator from New York if he has taken into con-
sideration the garden seeds in this amendment?
[Laughter.]
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, everything.
The "question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broderick, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Doolittle, Douglas, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin,
Harlan, Houston, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Pugh, Rtce,
Seward, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Wade,
and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Clay, Chngman, ColJainer, Davis, Fitch, Green, Gvvin,
H unter, T vcr^on, Johnson of Arkansas, Mallory, PolkjReid,
Wnght, and Yulee—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word " matter," the
words " and periodical publications."
Mr. HUNTER. You cannot add to the amend-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I move to insert those
words in the bill. There will be no objection to
that.
Mr. PUGH. I object to it.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well; I move it as an
amendment to the bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest whether that
will not include all our speeches.
Mr. PUGH. We have adopted that amend-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD. Are we in Committee of the
Whole, or in the Senate? ;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the Senate.
The amendment which has been adopted can- j
not be modified except by unanimous consent. j
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the bill by J
inserting afterthe word " newspapers" the words j
" and periodical publications." j
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the last j
amendment reported. I should like to know what;
it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator j
proposes to add the words " and periodical pub- i
lications" to the amendment which is now part
of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. What is that connected with ?
Mr. SEWARD. Newspapers. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the amendment which is proposed, and ;
the amendment which has been adopted, to show ;
the connection that they will have.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Ani be it further enacted, That from and after the 4tli day
of March next, all matter passing through the mail shall be
pi epaid, excepting newspapers, periodical publications, and
foreign matter.
Mr. HUNTER, Why except newspapers ? I
think they are required to be paid now. [" Oh,
no."]
Mr. KING. Not from any part of the United
States.
Mr. GREEN. The postage is paid quarterly.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe the proposed amend-
ment will include members' speeches. As I shall
be away from here, I want to have the benefit of
their speeches; but I do not want to pay for them.
Mr. PUGH. We have adopted that amend-
ment. What does the Senator propose?
Mr. SEWARD. This is another amendment
to the bill.
Mr. PUGH. It cannot be put to that amend-
ment, for the Senate has inserted it in that form.
There must be a regular section, or the vote on
the other vote must be reconsidered.
Mr. SEWARD I move, then, to leconsider
the vote by which the last amendment was agreed
to.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I now move to amend the
amendment by inserting the words " and period-
ical publications,"after the word " newspapers."
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senator to allow me
to suggest another modification in regard to tran-
sient newspapers. They are now prepaid, but
under the Senator's amendment they would not
be prepaid.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
have the amendment read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. PUGH. How did those words " and pe-
riodical publications"get in there?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
reconsidered the vote by which the amendment
was adopted, and bein^ reconsidered, the Sena-
tor from New York offered this proposition.
Mr. PUGH. He could not do it after the yeas
and nays were ordered. I want a vote on these
things separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. An amendment
is as amendable after the yeas and nays are ordered
as before.
Mr. PUGH. That is against all the rules I
ever heard of.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to ask the Senator from
New York if he desires the discontinuance of all
the small country post offices ? If he does, he will
have taken the most efftctual method of doing it,
if the amendment is adopted, for almost the sole
inducement on the part of those who fill those
places to discharge the duties of them is the frank- !
mg privilege given them, within certain limits, j
under the old law. If he deprives them of that j
privilege, he deprives them of all inducement to
retain the office, and four fifths of the small offices
will become vacant at once. The percentage pays
them nothing, and yet, for that, privilege, and for :
the small pittance they receive, they will wait the
arrival of the mails at nights, and perforin ser-
vices which the gentleman himself would not per-
form for hundreds of dollars.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. YULEE. I beg the Senator to amend his
amendment further by adding the words " to reg-
ular subscribers," after newspapers and periodi-
cals, the object being to continue, as is now the
requirement, the prepayment of postage on tran-
sient newspapers, and to confine the amendment
to regular subscribers.
I Several Senators. That is right.
I Mr. SEWARD. I accept it.
Mr. FITCH. Will not the Senator accept an
amendment to exclude those postmasters who are
now entitled to this privilege?
| Mr. SEWARD. That has no relation to this
! amendment.
j Mr. GREEN. I ask for the yeas and nays
j upon it.
| The yeas and nays were ordered.
\ Mr. SEWARD. Let the amendment, as
amended, be read.
The Secretary read it.
| Mr. SEWARD. Is not that confined solely
to newspapers, and periodicals? I do not know
that the modification of the honorable Senator
alters it at all.
Mr. YULEE. It does not help it.
Mr. BROWN. I was under some misappre-
hension in voting for this amendment originally.
As it is amended now, I shall vote against it. I
wish simply to say that, to set myself right on
the record.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have paired off until seven
o'clock with the Senator from Rhode Island, Mr.
Simmons, or I should have voted " nay" on this
amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 18, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Broderiok, Chandlei, Claik, Dtxon,
Doolittle, Fe&senden, Foot, Postei, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan.
Kin", Pearce, Seward, Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull, and
Wade—3 8.
NAYt?—Mes-is Alien, Bavaul. Ileniumn, Rider, Bright,
Brown. Clay, Clmgma.i, Coilanier, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpat-
nc!i, Green, Gwni, Hammond, Houston, [Iunter, Iverson,
Johnson of A)Kansas, Malloiy, .Ma^on, Polk, Puilh, find,
Thomson of New Jeiaey, Wilson, Wi ight, and Yuice—38.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Jind be it further enacted, That from and after the
of March next, all laws which confer the right of franking
letters or other matter, on any person or officer, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. CLAY. 1 raise the point of order that
this is the same amendment substantially which
has just been voted down. ["Oh, no!"] It ia
the same thing.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think we had better have
the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let the amendment be
read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. COLLAMER. That amendment has been
voted down twice.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope this amendment
will prevail. We have just voted an amendment
down which I think covered the whole matter.
We are giving the franking privilege to the post-
masters throughout the United States, while taking
it away from ourselves. The postmasters can
flood the country with documents of every kind.
They can send bag after bag of papers; and are we
to sit here and deny that privilege to ourselves,
while we extend it to postmasters? I hope the
amendment will be adopted. 1 think the amend-
ment which has just been voted down is a very
wise and judicious one, and shodld have been
adopted by the Senate.
Mr. FITCH. My friend from California is
mistaken. The country postmasters cannot flood
the country with documents. They have the priv-
ilege to frank written letters, and nothing else.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 26; as follows:
VEAS—MossrOiroderick, Chandler. Clark, Dixon, Doo-
little, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Hammond,
JJailan, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Pearce, Seward,
i Stuait, Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilson—20.
N.WS-x\Jei->rt5. Allen, Bayrmf, Benjamin, Rigler, Bright,
! Htown, Clay, Chngman, Coiiamer, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpat-
riok, Green,' Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of
' Arkan-a*. Malloiy, Mat-on, Polk, Puqli, Reid, Thomson of
; New Joi^ey, Wright, and Yu!ee~26.
( So the amendment was rejected.
: Mr. WILSON. T offer the following amend-
1 ment as an additional section to the bill:
i And he it further enacted, That the punting of post-hills,
blank?., printing drafts and warrants, postage stamps,
Mamped envelopes, and punting parchment tor the use "of
j: the Post Office Department, shall hereafter be given to the
! lowest responsible bidder, after due public notice,
j I have no speech to make in support of this
1 amendment. I will simply say that if adopted
! and honestly carried out, it will save the Govern-
ment tens of thousands of dollars, and put an end
j to these jobs.
i Mr. DAVIS. I suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts instead of the Post Office Depart-
i menf, that he miarht modify his amendment by
i saying f Post Office and other Executive Depart-
, ments.!>
Mr. WILSON. I will accept that modification
: most cheerfully.
: | The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
'■ put the amendment in that form.
:! Mr. BROWN. I cannot go for that amend-
■j ment; and [ will state, in a very few words, why
!! I cannot. A great deal of tins printing is to come
j up to a particular standard—your stamped envel-
,, opes, for instance. Let them out to the lowest
I bidder, and prescribe what shall be the quality of
I, them; at the end of the time they are sent in, and
fall below the standard; suppose you rnjectthem:
; then you advertise again: but, in the mean time,
what is the country to do for the work ? We are
.] forced either to accept an article which is below
I the standard, or we get nothing at all. I do not
think it will do. You cannot do these things in
a day. This a part of the humbuggery that has
:i been goingon here all day. That is myjudgment
' about it. We shall not accomplish anything by
j this proposition. In two days more you will be
I compelled to adjourn, unless you get another cx-
l! tension from the House—and I hope you will not.
! I do hope, while I do not assume to dictate at all,
, but simply give my opinion, that a stop will be
;| put to this thing. Nobody expects that reform
,i will grow out of this proposition. The Senate
, has indicated, on its part, that it wants to abolish
'[ the Aanking privilege; but you are not going to
! <?o it in this slip-shod sort of way. The subject
U phould bp tak^n up and considered, and abolished
