1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
fuses to adjourn, then I shall insist on the regular
order.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright of
Georgia, and Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 48, noes 69.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I insist upon the
regular order of business.
Air. GIDDINGS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and tho House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of tin1 Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the gentle-
man makes his motion with a view to have a night
session for general debate, I am willing to vote for
it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not. There are gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House who seem
to have been assailed to-day, and who have sought
the floor, and, with all my heart, I desire to afford
them an opportunity to reply. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Burroughs] had the floor
but yielded it to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Clemens,] who opposes this side,and now seeks
an adjournment. When we go into Committee
of the Whole, if the gentleman from New York
does not wish to occupy the floor this evening,
there are others who will be ready to speak.
Mr, STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that the
House adjourn.
On a division of the House, there were—ayes
81, noes 70.
- Mr. KNAPP demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Knapp and
Stevenson were appointed.
Th<j House divided; and the tellers reported —
ayes 72, noes 50.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at ten minutes to four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 19,1858.
Prayer by Rev. Julius E. Grammer.
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying for the improvement of the harbors
of Mackinaw City, in the Straits of Mackinaw,
in the State of Michigan; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
* He also presented two petitions of citizens of
Cincinnati, Ohio, praying that a quarter section
of land in the proposed Territory of Arizona may
be granted to each actual settler, reserving to the
Unued States the right to the minerals therein;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented the petition of Shirlock &
Sherley, contractors for carrying the mail from
Louisville, Kentucky, to St. Louis, Missouri,
piaying to be relieved from certain fines alleged to
have been unjustly imposed upon them; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
the memorial of Douglass Ottinger, praying com-
pensation for the labor and expense attending his
invention of an apparatus for rescuing passengers
from sinking vessels in the open sea, called the
life or surf car; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented the memorial of J. & R.
Kingsland, praying payment for paper for print-
ing ordered by the Thirty-Third and Thirty-
Fourth Congresses; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of S. Van Sickell,
J. II. Bclleijcau, and George C. Leidy, route
agents conducting the mail from New York to
Philadelphia, prayii%an incrcaseof their compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented a
petition of Apollo Hcrold and others, citizens of
the United States, praying that the public lands
may cease to be considered a source of revenue,
and that they be subject to entry by actual settlers
and cultivators only; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. GREEN presented the memorial of Joseph
C. Irwin & Co., praying for indemnity for losses
suffered while transporting merchandise to Great
Salt Lake City, in consequence of orders of Col-
onel Johnston, commanding the United States
troops in Utah; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented a
paper relating to the claim of J. E. Peay and C.
Ayliffe, contractois on mail route No. 7503, to
additional compensation; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and PostRoads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John R. Notice, on the files
of the Senate, be referred lo the Committee on Claims.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of John
L. Allen and Asa R. Carter, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 162) for the relief
of John L. Allen and Asa R. Carter. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT TO TUESDAY NEXT.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to day, it be to
meet on Tues-day next.
COMPENSATION OF JUDGES.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to: *
Resolved, That tho Committer on the Jiidicimy he in-
structed to iuquiro whethet any legislation is nccessary to
provide !oi the compensation oi an\ di-tuct judges of the
United .Stutea, who mav ho designated and appointed under
and by virtue of the act eniith d An act to provide tor
holding the com ts of the Tinted State?., in the case of sick-
ness ot disability ot* the judges of the dustuct couttsand
that the\ lepoit by bill oi othtiwiso.
POST ROUTE CONTRACTORS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agieed to:
Revoked, That the Committee on tho Post Office and Post
Roads he instructed to inquire into the claim of tho con-
tractois on lOuteNo 7503, from Little Rock to Washington,
ni Arkansas, and to report hy bill or othmvise.
% PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the Private Calenuar.
The motion was agreed to.
TENCH TILGHMAN.
The first bili on the Private Calendar was the
bill (S. No. 60) for the relief of Tench Tilghman,
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It appropriates to Tench Tilghman $1,000, for
losses sustained by him in consequence of his
appointment to a consulate, which was abolished
by the Spanish Government while he was on his
way to take charge of it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JONAS P. KELLER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 67) for the relief of Jonas P. Keller; which
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to make an allowance of $750 to
Jonas P. Keller, in full, for his services as a watch-
man or overseer of the Executive Building at the
corner of F and Seventeenth streets, from April
1, 1849, to September 30, 1850.
In 1849 the Executive Building at the corner of
F and Seventeenth streets was occupied by vari-
ous bureaus of the Treasury, War, and Interior
Departments; but no legal provision existed for
the supei intendence and care of the building. Un-
der these circumstances, the Secretaries of those
Departments authorized Mr. McPherson, a clerk
in the War Department, to take charge of the
building as acting superintendent, who immedi-
ately devolved the duty of the care and the over-
sight of the daily police of the place upon the
memorialist, who performed the service (as Mr.
McPherson and others certify) until the actof 27th
of February, 1851, which provided watchmen for
the building, took effect.
From the appropriation made by that act, Mr.
Keller received a compensation for his services at
the rate of §500 per annum, subsequently to 1st
October, 1850; but no means were provided for
paying for the service rendered between 1st of
April, 1849, when his duties commenced, and the
1st October, 1850; and it is for this period that
compensation is now claimed.
The act of 1850, (9 Stat., 542,) which prohibits
the accounting officers from allowing to one indir
vidual salaries of two different offices, expressly
provides thai this prohibition shall not extend
to the superintendents of the executive buildings;' *
so that there can bo no objection to the claim on
that ground.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
, reading, read the third time, and passed.
ELIAS HALL.
The bill (S. No. 68) for the relief of Elias Hall,
of Rutland, Vermont, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Elias Hall of the
sum of $516 52, in full, for the balance due him
for his services as superintendent of repairs of
small-arms, and for subsistence, expenses, and
losses while engaged in the service of the United
States, during the last war with Qrcat Britain,
with interest from the 29th of April, 1834, when
the account was properly presented for payment.
Tho bill was reported to the/Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DR. CHARLES MAXWELL.
The bill (S. No. 69) for the relief of Dr. Charles
Maxwell, a surgeon in the United StUes Navy,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the accounting officers to
allow and pay to Dr. Charles D. Maxwell the
difference of pay between that of the gradfc of a
passed assistant surgeon and a surgeon, from the
22d of December, 1845, to the 7th of July, 1848,
being the period during which he performed the
duties of surgeon and assistant surgeon on board
the United States ship Cyane.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN DICK.
The bill (S. No. 70) for the relief of John Dick,
of Florida, was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
By its provisions the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office is to cause a patent to be issued
to John Dick for certain lots containing one hun-
J dred and fifty-three acres, situate in East Florida,
t being a portion of the lands subject to sale at St.
| Augustine; but the patent is only to operate as a
i relinquishment of title on the part of the United
| States, and not to affect the rights of any third
; person.
| Under the provisions of the act of Congress
for the armed occupation and settlement of the
unsettled part of the peninsula of East Florida,
approved August 4,1842, the petitioner filed his
notice with the register of the land office at St.
Augustine for a " permit" to settle upon one hun-
dred and sixty acrcs of land south of the line
dividing townships numbered nine and ten, and
described as follows: Lot No. 10 in section twen-
ty-nine, lot No. 1 in section thirty-one, fractional
section thirty, and the northwest of the north-
west quarter of section thirty-two, all of town
ship ten, range twenty-seven south and eagt,
containing in the aggregate 153.20 acres. On the
16th of April, 1843, the register of the land office
issued " permit" No. 43 to the petitioner, giving
him permission to settle upon the lands solicited,
under the conditions of the act; one of which was,
" that no right or donation shall be acquired un-
der'this act within two miles of any permanent
military post of the United States, established and
garrisoned at the time such settlement and resi-
dence was commenced.
This permit was canceled by the General Land
Office, on the ground that the land embraced hi it
had been reserved in 1841 for military purposes.
The petitioner proves, however, that prior to his
permit being canceled, he had complied with the
requisitions of the act, and that his settlement was
not within four miles of any military post estab-
lished and garrisoned at the date oftius settlement.
