1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
self, according to my own judgment and my own
conscience what my duty is to a great fundamental
principle; and if Senators cannot bring the bill
within the principle, I must exercise my right and
duty of dissenting from it. I did not think that
concession brought ic within the principle, or ob-
viated any of my objections. It only made the
bill more obnoxious to me by violating another
punciple equally sacred in our political system,
that of the soveieignty of the States.
Next came the declaration that the free-State
Legislature was elected; and hence, if Kansas
was forced into the Union with a pro-slavery con-
stitution, against the will of her people, it would
not last long, for the reason that there was a free-
State Legislature, who would immediately take
steps to change it and abolish slavery. That ar-
gument did not address itself favorably to" my
judgment, for the reason that it dtd not affect the
principle involved. What difference did it make,
so far as the principle was concerned, whether
there was a majority of fre<vStatc men or a ma-
jority of pro-slavery men in that Legislature ?
what difference did it make to me, whether there
was a majority of Democrats, or a majority of Re-
publicans, or a majority of Americans in that Le-
gislature, provided they were fairly and honestly
clected? If the people of Kansas desired a pro-
slavery Legislature they had a right to it. If they
desired a Republican Legislature they had a right
to it. If they desired an Am"i]can Legislature
they had a right to it. If they desireda Legisla-
ture purely Democratic, elected without reference
to the question of slavery, it was their right to
select such a one; and, sir, it was the duty of
Mr. Calhoun to declare those elected who had re-
ceived a majority of the legal votes, fairly and
honestly returned, The declaration of that result
could not change the principle involved in this
discussion, for the great principle was, shall that
people be left perfectly and entirely free to form
and regulate their own institutions in their own
way?
These various concessions could not control
votes enough to carry the bill. What next? Then
comes a disagreement between the two Houses
of Congicss. The Senate insisting upon the bill
which Jt had passed for the admission of Lecomp-
ton uncondiiionally, except what is called the
Green amendment; and the House insisting on
the bill which it had passed as a substitute, known
as the Crittenden-Montgomery bill. This com-
mittee of conference provide for a question of sub-
mission to the people, but what do they submit?
The chairman of that committee of conference,
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Greem] has in-
formed you that, the constitution is not submitted;
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr, Hunter,] who
was his colleague on the committee, has informed
you that the constitution is not submitted■, and I
believe, both of them have added that they would
not vote for the bill if the constitution was sub-
mitted. I understand that similar declarations
have been made in the other [louse of Cou^icrs
by the members of the committee of conference
their, showing that that was their understanding
and their construction of this bill.
Then, if the constitution is not submitted; if the
p^opl" are not allowed to vote for it or against it,
fretly, without a bounty on the one side or a pen-
alty on the other, how can it be said tlnititcomes
within that great principle of popular sovereignty
whi'Ji, 1 insist, ought to be carried out in all the
Territories?* It is no answer to this objection to
tell me that because men have conceded so much, I
ought to concede. No matter how many and how
great their concessions are, if they have not con-
ceded the principle for which I contend, I cannot
tnlre what they propose. It is not for me to say
whether these concessions are right or wron°,
whether they are wise or unwise. It is enough
for me that the punciple foe which I insist has
not been clearly and distinctly recognized in this
bill. I dislike the indirection by which the sub-
mission is proposed to be made—made to depend
on a land giant. In order to compel the people
of Kansas to ieject the Lecompton constitution,
you compel them to vote against a land grant, that
everv rnon, woman, and child in the Territory
would desire to have You will not allow them
to take the I.md grant unless they take the con-
stitution with it, and you will not aiiow them to
proceed immediately and make a new constitu-
tion, wii'i the su.mie popbijH'ni, ,u.'i !i'jv f Vj rj-unc
land grant, if they reject this. If you did that,
then the principle would be fairly carried out, but
unless you do allow that to be done, I insist that
the principle is violated.
Now, Mr. President, I can say to you very
frankly, that if theie were two amendments made
to this bill, although it would still be somewhat
objectionable m its equivocal features, I could and
would take great pleasure in giving it my support.
One would be to strike out the land grant alto-
gether, and the other to strike out the limitation
as to population. Then the simple question pre-
sented to the people would be, will you come in
under the Lecompton constitution or not? and if
you do not, you may proceed immediately with
the same population to make a new constitution.
In that there would be perfect fairness; there
1 would be no congressional intervention with its
inducements to control the results. Or, if you
wanted to leave the land grant in, why not make
it applicable to the new constitution as well as the
old one, as the Crittenden amendment did ? Then
they would get the same amount of land under
the one as the other. In other words, if you wish
to make this proposition fair, you rnustgive Kan-
sas the same land, under any new constitution
she may form, as you do under this one, and you
must allow her to come in with the same popu-
lation under the one as under the other constitu-
tion. Then there would be fairness, then there
would be equality.
I appeal to my friend from Virginia to know
whether he, as a southern man, desires to see the
principle of congressional intervention to control
and influence the voting of the people carried out
hereafter in the admission of new States? The
time may come when .the case will be reversed.
The time may come when there will be an anti-
slavery majority in both Houses of Congress.
When that time comes, it may so happen that a
bill may be brought forward with a land grant of
ten million acres for a free State, and five million
for a slave Stale, or allowing a free State to come
in with a population of forty thousand, and pro-
viding that a slave State shall not come in with-
out ninety thousand. Would our southern friends
regard that as being a fair interpretation of the prin-
ciple of popular sovereignty? Would they not
say that was the most dangerous and unconstitu-
tional system of intervention that was ever de-
vised, when the Federal Government steps into
the Territories, and by its bounties on one side,
and its penalties on the other, attempts to influ-
ence and control the action of the people?
I do not regard this as a matter of much conse-
quence to Kansas; I do not believe there is enough
in this bounty, or enough m this penalty, to ex-
ercise any material influence upon the people of
Kansas in this election; but it involves the gieat
fundamental principle, it involves the piinciplc of
freedom of election, and it involves the gieal ptin-
ciple of self-government, upon which our institu-
tions rest. With all the anxiety that I have had-
to be able to arrive at a conclusion in harmony
with the overwhelming majority of my political
iriends in Congress, I could not bring my judg-
ment or conscience to the conclusion that this was
a fan?, impartial, and equal application of the prin-
= ciple.
| There is another objection to this proposition,
; one tlmt looks badly upon its face. I take it for
! granted tnat it was intended to be fair and just;
f but it gives cause for apprehension, and will gen-
; erate suspicion among the people that the election
. under it will not be, and cannot be, fair. I allude
j to the provision as to the board of commission-
; <jis. By the bill framed by the eminent Senator
, from Kentucky, and passed by the House of
Representatives, there was to be a board of four
commissioners to superintend the election on the
constitution; two representing the people of the
Tenitory, being the presiding officers of the two
branch es of the Legislature; the other two repre-
senting the Federal Government, being the Gov-
, ernor and Secretary appointed by the President
and the Senate. In that way, two commissioners
■ would nece^saiily be of one class of politics, and
the other two of another class of politics. Under
that state of the ease, it is not probable that un-
f.orne.s^ would have been perpetrated in the elec-
tion. Undc-r that board, as prescribed by the Sen-
ator fiom Kentucky, you would have the assur-
ance from the very law itself that one half of the
of el:ctir>n v/onl J bclni!<r to one party, and
one half to the other; that one half of the clerics
would belong to one, and one half to the other.
But how is it when you add a fifth member to
the board, and provide that the board shall con-
sist of five, the two presiding officers of the Le-
gislature, and then the Governor, Secretary, and
the district attorney, making three United States
officers, and declare that three shall constitute the
board? Is it not clear that if these three gentle-
men choose, they can have all the judges of elec-
tion and all the clerks of election and all the re-
turning officers of one class of political faith, the
same as Mr. Calhoun did at the elections which
took place on the 21st of December and the first
Monday of January ? Does not the change in this
respect give ground for apprehension that you
may have the Oxford, the Shawnee, and the Del-
aware Crossing and Kickapoo frauds reenacted at
: this election? I should have been better satisfied
| if it had been left as the House bill left it, with the
j four commissioners, two from each political party
, in Kansas, two repiesenting the Federal Govern-
! ment, two representing the people of the Terri-
j tory, requiring three to be a quorum, thus render*
! ing it impossible for partisan politics to control
j the action of the board. The very fact that it was
i deemed necessary or wise to change this feature,
I is to me a serious objection to this proposition,
i Then, sir, what is my duty upon this question,
i under this state of the case ? I have but one line
of duty, and that is to vote against the bill; be-
cause, in my opinion, there is not a fair submis-
sion to the people under such circumstances as to
insure an unbiased election aud fair returns. I
have indicated two amendments, which, if they
had been made, would have enabled me to sup-
port this bill, notwithstanding other defects in it.
I will indicate another. I am willing to subscribe
to the principle that a Territory shall contain the
requisite population for a member of Congress
before admission, provided it is made a general
law. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii] yes-
terday cited me as authority for that provision of
this bill. He referred to my report, as chairman
of the Committee on Territories, and the bill ac-
companying it, in 1856, in which I then provided
that Kansas might proceed to form a constitution
when she had the requisite population, to wit:
ninety-three thousand four hundred and twenty,
under the present ratio. That was my judgment
then of the true rule upon the subject. He quotes
also a proposition that I have brought in at this
very session as a substitute for the Arizona bill,
providing a general law that no Territory shall
ever form a constitution and State government
until it has the requisite population for a member
of Congress. I am for that proposition now; and
if Senators will consent to any anangement by
which you can stiike out the whole of this bill,
and, in lieu of it, insert a provision that neither
Kansas, nor any other Territory of the United
States, shall proceed to form a constitution and
State government for admission into the Union
until it has the requisite population for a member
of Congress, according to the existing Federal
ratio, I will give it my support.
But, sir, if I requiieitin Kansas, I wish to re-
quire it in other Territories; and ir I am to apply
that limitation to the new constitution that is to
be made, I wish to apply it to the one that is in
existence. I am not willing to prescribe one ratio
to one kind of constitution, and another ratio to
another kind. Make it uniform, and it can have
my support. I have on all proper occasions in-
dicated that as the proper rule—in 1856, as the
Senator from Ohio proved; at this session a^ain,
as he proved yesterday by reading the bill offered
by me; and I repeat now that, if you will strike
out all of this bill but the clause that Kansas shall
not come m until she has the requisite population
for a member of Congiess, and then say that this
section is incorporated into and made part of the
organic law of each of the Territories of the Uni-
! ted States, and that none .shall come for admn-sion
until they have that population, I will give it my
suoport.
In other words, Mr. President, I desire to carry
out the principle of leaving the people to decide
for themselves m perfect fairness. 1 will support
no rule applicable to the North that does not ap-
ply to the South. I will make no rule applicable
to the South that I am not willing to apply to the
North. I will not lntei vene cither for slave con-
stitutions or fgainst slave constitutions by an act
