THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
by some plan which loolcs into all its ramifica-
tions.
Then as to the idea suggested by the Senator
from Massachusetts, that a good deal of money
can be saved by placing little amendments on the
Post Office bill in this loose way! I can see very
well that you will want these parchments and
these papers; that you will want them at all times.
Suppose you cannot get them, or that they are
sent in vastly below the standard: what then?
You are compelled cither to take them or to have
nothing. They are forced upon the Government,
although they are far below the standard re-
quired.
Mr. PESSENDEN. The opinion which the
Senatorfrom Mississippi has just expressed with
regard to the present proceeding of the Senate is
precisely the opinion which I have entertained of-
the proceedings for the last two hours. We had
better be about something else, for they will all
amount to nothing. I do not propose to discuss
this amendment, but simply to say, as the Senate
is going on in this way, that they could certainly
act upon this proposition, which is a perfectly
plain and practicable one, and will save a good
deal of money. Therefore, after saying that, I
have only to ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON, Jf would inquire of the mover
of this proposition, whether it is intended to em-
brace the advertising of the Departments?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; the printing.
Mr. MASON. That is the advertising.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir.
Mr. MASON. It embraces the advertisements.
Mr. KING. I think not.
Mr. HUNTER. It would embrace them as it
now stands. We had better confine it as itstood
originally. I will go for it then.
Mr. WILSON. I accepted the modification on
the suggestion of the Senator from Mississippi,
for whose opinions on these matters I have great
deference.
Mr. HUNTER. I am afraid it would bo too
hasty.
Mr. WILSON. I will withdraw the modifi-
cation, and let the amendment stand as it was pro-
posed originally.
Mr. SLIDELL. I would prefer to have it as
it stands. I renew it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In what form does
the Senator from Massachusetts propose the
amendment?
Mr. KING. As it was originally proposed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read it as it was originally offered.
The Secretary read,it as follows:
Jhld be it further enacted, Tlmt tile priming of post-bills,
bUnk-*, printing drafts and warning, postage stamp*,
stamped envelopes, and punting p'ttelimt'iits lor the u->: of
the Post OtTief Department, shall fiereatlet" he given to tile
lowest responsible bidder, after due public nutice.
Mr. REID. It occurs to me that the Senator
from Massachusetts, in embracing one item of
printing in his amendment, will go beyond, per-
haps, the object he would hke to attain. I can
readily conceive that the same man who would
propose to print the blanks of the Post Office De-
partment, might be willing to do the whole print-
ing; but I suppose it would be the duty of the
Post Office Department to contract with an indi-
vidual in whom it had confidence; that those
blanks are not to be printed and used by anybody
who chooses to sell them at a very small amount.
That is a kind of printing that we ought to be
very particular about. The lowest bidder might
be such a man as neither the Government nor the
Senator from Massachusetts would be willing to
intrust that sort of work to.
Mr. WILSON. He must be a responsible
bidder.
Mr. SEIDELL. I suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts to insert the words, " the lowest
responsible bidder."
Mr. WILSON. They are in the amendment.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I am perfectly satisfied.
Mr. REID. The word " responsible" would
perhaps be construed to mean a man who could
execute his contract.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Oh, no.
Mr. POLK. I have read that amendment; and
if there are other things printed m the other Ex-
ecutive Departments, that amendment is objec-
tionable. It goes on, and mentions stamps, &c.; !
and all except the last—the printing of parch-
ments—are applicable only to the Post Office De- i
partment; and then it adds other Executive De- .
partments. It does not say the printing for other ;
Executive Departments, but the printing of parch- '
ments for the other Executive Departments. ,
Mr. HALE. Oh, no. |
Mr. POLK. I will ask for the reading of the 1
amendment, and I will call the attention of the !
Senate to it. ]
The Secretary read it. j
Mr. POLK. I submit the question to the Sen- j
ate. t \
Mr. DAVIS. You are right. ;
Mr. POLK. I hope the mover of the proposi- '
tion will modify it. i
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment!
by inserting " and all printing of the other Exec-
utive Departments."
Mr. YULEE. Except advertisements.
Mr. HALE. Iam told that that has been once
voted on to-day, and I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. The executive printing goes
to one of the two contractors for the printing of the
Houses of Congress; we cannot meddle with that.
We had better take the proposition as originally
presented by the Senator from Massachusetts. I
will go for that. !
Mr. DAVIS. I understand now by the amend- j
ment, that the printing of the Executive Depart- i
ments is confined to the p£#chment only. j
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir. :
Mr. WILSON. Oh. no. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will |
read the amendment again. ' :
The Secretary read it. j
Mr. DAVIS. It is confined to printing parch- ;
mont for the use of the Executive Departments.
Mr. YULEE. Strike out the words Executive
Departments. j
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the existing law j
requires the executive printing, as it is termed, to i
be sent to the Superintendent of Public Printing;, !
and it is to be done by one of the two Printers of
the two Houses of Congress. With that under-
standing I was going on to say that I thought it
entailed a great deal of delay, and a great deal of
expense upon the Executive Departments,and that
they get along much worse than if they had their 1
own printing done in their own way, responsible ;
only for the money which was expended. The !
| delay must be great, for the ordeis of Congress :
: lie right before the orders of the Departments. 1
j When the Department r< quires something to be
printed and sends it here, it has to wait, its time;
| though it requires it promptly, it cannot get it
] promptly. In many things the expense is far
. greater under your printing law than the cost of
- printing them would be in Philadelphia, New
: York, and other places where large printing estab- |
I lishments are managed. I believe there would be
a great saving in money and a great saving in
time if we were to return to the system that for-
meily existed, and allow each Executive Depart-
ment to control its printing for itself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on'
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll. '
Mr. DAVIS. I would state that \ have paired
off with the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Dur-
kee] for the evening. I believe he is absent, and
therefore I do not vote. j
The result was then announced—yeas 34, nays
8; as follows: ;
YEAS—Messrs. Alien. Benjamin, Bright, Broderick, '
Chandler,Clark,Clay, Dixon, Doohttle, F^enden, Fitch,
Fitzpatriek, Foot, Fostei. Gieen, Hale. Hamlin, Hammond, 1
Harlan, Havne, Houston, Johnson of Tennessee, King,
Polk, L'ugh, Rici*, Sewaid, rilidell, Stuart, Toombs, Trum- .
bull, Wade, Wilson, and Yulee— 34. i
NAYS—Messrs Bayard, Bigler,Brown,Gingman, John- \
son of Arkansas, Mailory, Mason, and Iteid—b. !
So the amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. SLIDELL Is an amendment to the amend- j
ment that has been adopted now in order? 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does not 1
understand that there is any amendment pending.
Mr. HUNTER. If it is adopted, how can it
be amended ? 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not amendable. ■
Mr. SLIDELL. Can I add to it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will first j
hear what the Senator has to offer. I
Mr. SLIDELL. I voted undera misapprehen-
sion in this matter. I find this provision, in fact,
confined to the Post Office Department.
Mr. POLK. That was stated.
Mr. SLIDELL. I did not so understand it. It
does not go so far as 1 should wish it to go.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will move to recon-
sider the amendment.
Mr. SLIDELL. I desire to extend the provis-
ions of this section to all the printing of the Ex-
ecutive Departments.
Mr. SEWARD. Add it by a separate section.
Mr. SLIDELL. I prefer to reconsi-der it and
do it in that form. I move a reconsideration.
Mr. DAVIS. I will suggest to the Senator
from Louisiana that some time since I sent to the
Committeeon Printmga resolution directingthem,
if they thought it expedient, to bring in a bill to
reform this matter. I am willing to wait, though
I concur with him entirely.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Louisi-
ana can add those words to it.
Mr. SLIDELL, By general consent I Sesire
to add those words. At any rate, I move a re-
consideration, because I voted under a misappre-
hension.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Senator's amendment can be offered
without reconsideration.
Mr. WILSON. I do not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senatorfrom Louisiana.
Mr. KING. What is it?
Mr. SLIDELL. I propose to amend the
amendment so that itwill read:
The pi mttng of post-bills, blanks, printing drafts and war-
rants postage stamps, stamped envelopes, and printing
paichments for the use of the Post Office and other Execu-
tive Department*, and for the printing of parchments and
all other printing, except advertisements, for the use of the
Post Office and the other Executive Departments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the amendment being offered.
Mr. HUNTER. If we do that, it seems tome
we are acting against the law established in re-
gard to public printing. We have elected Public
Printers under the existing laws, who are to do
what is called executive printing. The effect of
that amendment would be to destroy their con-
tract.
Mr SLIDELL. I will say to the Senatorfrom
Virginia, that it is in consequence of the fact of
their being elected Public Printers to the House
and Senate that they have the accessory advant-
age of the Executive being obliged to choose
either one or the other of them to do the depart-
mental printing. The object of my amendment is
to throw all thispnntingopen to competition, and
put it on thu same footing.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say that the
Senator from Virginia is clearly wrong. There
is no contract, nor any part of a contract, which
compels us to give any particular amount of print-
ing. They are simply Printers for what we choose
to give them.
Mr. HUNTER. These Printers expect a cer-
tain amount of printing. That may be more or
less in amount. It is now proposed to take that
from them.
Mr. STUART. Precisely. While the previous
contract existed, so far as the contract calls for
printing, they should have it. We passed an
amendment in regard to the printing. It was put
on the last amendment, and the chairman 
Mr. HUNTER. It was put on before the
Printers were elected. They were elected with-
out reference to that law.
Mr. STUART. Precisely. Wo elected him
to do the printing for two years, but only such
things as we proposed to give him to print—that
is all.
Mr. BROWN. I must say that the last re-
mark of the Senator from Michigan astonishes
me. You elect a Public Printer. You agree to
give him the printing of the Government. He
makes his calculations that it is going to be so
much, makes his outlay, and then when he has
executed one fiftieth part of it, perhaps, you take
away the whole of it, and let it out by contract.
Is that fair dealing? He is entitled to the print-
ing of the Govern ment for the Congress to which
you have elected him, whatever itmay be;it may
be small or it may be great. He takes that risK,
