1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187-1
of Congress, holding out bounties on the one side
or penalties on the other. Stand on the great prin-
ciple of equality; leave each State on an exact foot-
ing with every otherState; never inquire whether
her institutions are of this character or that char-
acter; never inquire whether the State is in the
North or in the South, and I will stand with you
and apply the rule with exact justice and impar-
tiality in every instance.
Mr. President, I say now, as I am about to take
leave of this subject, that I never can consent to
violate that great principle of State equality, of
State sovereignly, of popular sovereignty, by any
discrimination, either in the one direction or in the
other. My position is taken. I know not what
its consequences will be personally to me. I will
not inquire what those consequences may be. If
I cannot remain in public life, holding firmly, im-
movably, to the great principle of self-government
and State equality, I shall go into private life,
where I can preserve the respect of my own con-
science under the conviction that I have done my
duty and followed the principle wherever its logi-
cal consequences carried me;
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I desire in a few
words, and without making a speech, to assign
the icasons why, if we are ever brought to a vote,
I shall record mine in favor of this proposition.
I must say in the outset that I do not like it; there
are a great many reasons why I do not; but as I
have brought my mind to the conclusion to vote
for it, I shall not assign the reasons why I do not
like it, but rather assign the reasons which influ-
ence me to vote in its favor.
The first is this: that we settle this question ;and
better on these terms, than leave it open. I can see
if left open that it is to be made the fruitful source
of discontent and strife, and of political turmoil
perhaps for yeais to come. lean see how in very
many ways it may endanger, seriously endanger
the perpetuity of theGovernment itself. As long
as the question is kent open it must continue to
irritate the feelings o^ the people of the two sec-
tions of the Union. Until this question is settled
you cannot begin to have a reconciliation on that
great controversy which has been going on for
years and years between the North and theSouth.
This question is a thorn which rankles in the side
of the nation. You must extract it or you can
have no permanent peace. If I had no other rea-
son for going for this bill, I would do it for that
and that alone. It js a peacc measure; it brings
healing upon its wings; it brings the different
sections of the country in closer neighborhood, in
better fellowship.
How much is there in the bill, to forbid our tak-
ing it? First it is said by some of those who
vote against it, that it is a submission of the Le-
compton constitution to the people of Kansas.
And then again others vote against it because it is
not a submission. I mean to state my own views
with perfect candor and with enine fairness. 1
do not understand it to be the submission of the
constitution to the people, but I do understand
this to be true, that you submit collateral ques-
tions—the land question, and others involved in
the Kansas ordinance—to the people of Kansas;
and that if in voting upon those questions they
choose to determine that they will not come into
the Union under the Lecompton constitution they
have the right to do it.
They pass no judgment directly at the polls on
the constitution, one way or the other, but each
voter can control his own vote by his own rea-
sons; and if he chooses, under cover of voting to
fustain the ordinance, to vote against the whole
constitution and against coming into the Union,
lie can do so; and if a majority take that view of
the subject the State is not in the Union.
That much in fairness and candor, for thus
stands the question if I properly comprehend it.
Now what just ground have we southern men
to object to that? What just reason is there for
,,iir opposing" it? We took the giuund in the be-
ginning, and maintain it now, that we would not
and will not sustain a submission of this consti-
tution to the peoph1 under the circumstances of its
coming here. But we took the gi ound at the same
t.nie that we would not sanction tins ordinance,
in.iking as it did exorbitant land demands upon
the Government, and sotting up other pietenscs
\. i.ich had not been tolerated m the admission of
<• !"«r new States. Fiom the beginning the friends
i.:' the Leoompttm cons'itution struck at that
ordinance, determined not to receive it, and not
to give it their sanction. The original Senate bill
declared that it was no part of the constitution,
and could not be so recognized by Congress.
After we made that declaration, I apprehend, if
the bill had passed, it would have rested with
Kansas to decide whether she would organize
under the constitution or not; whether she would
come into the Union, or be considered a member of
it. You had stricken off her ordinance. You chose
not to regard it as a part of the constitution.
But did Kansas so regard it? She did not. You
struck it off without her consent. She thought it
a material part of her proposition.
Then was she in trie union ? She was not,
until,either by silent acquiescence in youraction,
or by some positive declaration of her own, she
placed herself into the Union. I hold that if you
had passed the regular Senate bill, and Kansas
had refused to organize a State government under
the Lecompton constitution, and und^r that bill,
there would have been no power in this Govern-
ment to force her, and therefore that she would
not have been in the Union. She would not, be-
cause you had not met her proposition, and she
had not acccpted yours. Your minds had not
agreed. She would not accept the proposition you
had sent to her. You had changed her proposi-
tion so far as to strike off her ordinance, and she
had not agreed to have it stricken off.
Then it rested with her to say whether she was
in the Union or not; and what does this proposi-
tion amount to? It simply declares that Kansas
may determine for herself whether she is in or
ought of the Union—a right which she had with-
out your saying so; and which she would still
have, whether you said so or not. You do not,
by this declaration, confer any right on Kansas.
You simply recognize a light which already ex-
ists, and which, if she chose, I repeat again, she
could haveexeicised without your consent, just as
well as with it. When this debate first opened,
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] em-
ployed this language on this point: "They"—
meaning the people of Kansas—" are arming; they
are determined to resist an admission under this
constitution, by any and every power with which
God has clothed them; and yet we are to sit here
and say, * wc admit you into the Union of the
United States.' As well might you take a pris-
oner, under the sentence of a court of justice,
handcuffed, with you oiacers surrounding him,
by force to the prison, and say to him, ' there
is no coercion; we admit you into the peniten-
tiary.' "
I thought then, sir, and so declared, that there
was no power to force Kansas into the Union. If
she proposes to come in, and you accept her upon
the terms winch she proposes, then she is in, and
she cannot recede. But if she proposes to come
in, and you alter her proposition, then it depends
upon her to say whether sho aceep's or rejects
the alteration. Thot r:ght, I lepeot <'gain and
again, she has, win *her you admit it or not.
To reduce it to a wimple question of law, sup-
pose you ond I, ATr. President, hav--d< dhngsin inf-
erence to an estate,and we 3;vive upon the. terms; I
draw the bond or the deed, and attach to it a mem-
orandum, or condition, or ordinance, explaining
what 1 understand to be the meaning of the paper,
how I expect to see it executed, and send it to
you, and you sign it, but strike out the memo-
randum, or condition, or ordinance: I ask any law-
yer whether the contiact is binding on me until,
either by silent acquiescence, as by proceeding
to execute it, or by some positive declaration, I
make it my own deed ? Justso with Kansas. She
sent you a constitution; she sent along with it her
ordinance, the memorandum which explained the
reasons why,and the terms upon which, she pio-
posed to enter into the bargain, and become a
member of the Union. You choose to strike the
ordinance out; you choose to strike it fiom the
constitution. Then I hold, us a simple legal prop-
osition, she had a i ight to say, " you have changed
the terms upon which I piopose to conio in; I
will not come in: I choose entirely to recede from
the proposition.It does not depend on you, sir,
as one of the contracting parties, to say whether
she shall.recede or not; the ughtcxists independ-
ent of you. If you mejnt to bind Kansas abso-
lutely, you should have accepted h«-r proposition
in totuUm verbis. You could not strike out what
you did not like, stand by what you did like, and
still insist that Kansas was hound by her propo-
sition.
But, Mr. President, how am I to understand
Senators? The Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] who has just closed his speech; opened the
session with an argument in favor of submitting
this constitution to the people of Kansas for their
reception or rejection; yesterday, in a colloquy
with the Senatoi from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] he said
no State ought to be admitted until she has the
requisite population to entitle her to one Repre-
sentative, and he repeated the declaration, with
some qualification, to-day. Now, whatdoes the
biil before us propose? According to the argu-
ment of the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
yesterday; according to the argument of the Sen-
ator from Illinois to-day; according to the argu-
ment of nearly all the gentlemen on the other side,
this bill proposes to send back the constitution,
and give the people of Kansas an opportunity to
accept it or reject it, as they choose. It is true,
the honorable Senator from Illinois says you put
them under some sort of compulsion; but he does
not pretend to deny that they will have the power
to reject, under this submission, if they choose to
do it. Then, if they do, what follows, according
to this bill? That they shall not come into the
Union until they have the ninety-three thousand
four hundred and twenty population requisite to
entitle them to one Representative under the ex-
isting ratio. And yet, Mr. President, when both
these propositions are before us, one to submit,
the constitution for rejection or submission, as
gentlemen argue, and the other to reject the State
entirely until she has the requisite population—
they being, in plain English, the two propositions
of the Senator from Illinois himself, embodied in
the same bill—he rejects them both. In the name
of popular sovereignty, he rejects two of his own
propositions, either of which he thinks would be
just to the people.
Under this bill, as I have admitted, and as other
Senators have claimod in broader language than
I have, the people of Kansas may, if they choose,
accept or reject the Lecompton constitution. The
Senator thinks they ought to have a right to re-
ject it or accept it; or, if that be denied them, that
the people be authorized to form a State consti-
tution only when they have the full ratio of rep-
resentative population. Very well; this bill takes
both horns of the dilemma; and yet the Senator
rejects it. For myself, I am free to say, I hope
the people of Kansas will, if this bill passes, ad-
here to their ordinance, and insist on remaining
out of the Union. If they come in they must
come in tinker the Lecompton constitution;ifthey
stay out they must stay until they have the popu-
lation to entitle them to one Representative in Con-
gress. That suits me. I close jn with that offer.
But, says the Senator from Illinois, this land
grant is a bounty held out to the people of. Kan-
sas to accept this constitution—a bribe, as it has
been elsewhere termed.- How, sir? It reduces
the amuunt of the grant claimed in the ordinance
by more than twelve million acres. The Senator
from Michigan, in a carefully prepared table,
which he introduced into his speech delivered on
December 23d last, shows that the whole grant
was upwards of sixteen million acres; that the
railroad grant alone was upwards of seven mil-
lions. I understand from the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Green*,] who brought forward this
bill, that he has had a calculation made, and that
the grant proposed for all purposes is. about four
million acres. And yet when you reduce the grant
from sixteen millions to four millions, the Senator
from Illinois comes forward and says that is a
btibe held out to these people to accept the con-
stitution. It is a queer way of bribing them to
offer twelve million acres of land less than they
claimed in their ordinance.
Mr. President, so far as I am concerned, I am
willing to deal fairly with tins young State. I
have dealt, so far as my vote went, fairly with
other States m reference io these grants; but I
never saw the moiru nt, fiom the first introduc-
tion of this constitution down to the present time,
when I would have conceded to Kansas all that
the oidinanco attached to her constitution claimed
for her. She had no right to set up any such
claim. And if it be called compulsion, as the Sen-
ator has intimated, to refuse admission to this
rState unless she will yitld her exorbitant demands,
I deny it. If it be said that in one sense this is
