187&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29.
a bribe, and in another sense it is an attempt to
coerce Kansas, I deny as much the one as the
other. It is no bribe, for the reason I have
shown you.. It is no compulsion, because Kan-
gas has no more right than other States have had
to make these exorbitant demands. Why, sir,
if she can claim sixteen million acres, and say she
will not come into the Union unless she gets it,
■why Cannot she with the same propriety claim
sixty or one hundred million acres of your lands,
or claim them all? She may justly claim to the
outer verge all that has been granted to the other
young States, but she can claim nothing more.
Whatever she gets beyond that must be by the
grace of Congress , and not because she has a right
to demand it. I simply protest that it is no com-
pulsion to say to Kansas, " we refuse your de-
mands; if you are not willing to come in as other
States have come, then stay out."
I shall be glad, Mr. President, to see this ques-
tion Settled on the terms proposed in the present
bill, although, as I said, I do not like the terms.
I suppose no southern Senator does; very few
northern men do; but I have been so accustomed
to vote for things that I do not precisely like, that
I have 110 great trouble in bringing^ my mind to
the conclusion that I ought to vote for this. If I
voted for nothing except that which I think pre-
cisely right, which commended itself in all re-
spects to my judgment, I should be found on the
negative side of most of your propositions. I
•believe that this measure will have a tendency to
heal pending difficulties; that it will bring peace
and quiet, to some extent, to the country; that it
will open the way for a permanent and lasting
peace between the sections; and, if it have that
effect, objectionable as it may be to me in many
of its features, I shall feel justified in voting for
it. If it fail in all this, I shall justify myself to
my own conscience and the country on the ground
that I so meant it—that it was so designed. If it
fail of its objects, that will not be my fault. It is
as good a proposition as the original Senate bill.
Nothing so good can now be obtained. It will do
for all sections of the country—for the South as
well as for the North; and it is not decidcdly bad
for either.
The features of this bill have, in many respects,
been changed from the original Senate bill; but I
have not seen that they have been changed for the
worse; I rather think they have been improved.
We have certainly got clear of some objection-
able points, and we have brought into bolder relief
others that are bad, but which a close observer
would have found in the original. On the whole,
for the reasons I have given, and for others, which
the time and place and surrounding circumstances
forbid me to give, I shall vote for the bill; and I
Send up my devoutest prayers that it may pass.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, as it is the very
obvious purpose of the Senate, 1 suppose, not to
take this vote until there is action elsewhere, I shall
occupy a few minutes of its time in giving the rea-
sons why I approve tiie action of the committee
of conference. It is in no wise distasteful tome.
I heartily approve it; I think it is a wise meas-
ure—a good measure. I like it because it settles
this question upon a principle, and not on a con-
cession. It is a concession by nobody, by no sec-
tion of the Union; but it settles this question upon
principles which I have maintained from the be-
ginning of the controversy. It is not subject to
two interpretations. To suppose so is an imag-
ination of its opponents, and their very difficulty
in finding reasons for their opposition to it has
strengthened my own opinion in its favor. I believe
the cabal, the coalition, took about three days to
determine whether they should go for or against
it. I very much regret that they did not come to
a determination to maintain it, because it is based
upon principle.
The idea has been suggested, I believe, first by
my honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Crit-
tenden,] and then fallen into generally by those
who cooperate with him in this opposition, that
that is capable of two interpretations; that it is a
submission, and not a submission. Now, Mr.
Piesident, the bill itself is clear, plain, and dis-
tinct, and admits of no two interpretations. Kan-
sas proposed to the Congress of the United States
to come into the Union under a constitution made
at Lecompton, and upon the further condition
that we should grant to her ccrtain land bounties,
among others, seventeen millions for the comple-
tion of railroads. We entered into this discus-
sion for and against the Lecompton constitution.
The friends of that constitution, those who sup-
ported the measure, the friends of the Adminis-
tration, held that the Lecompton constitution was
the legally and fairly-expressed will of the peo-
ple of Kansas. Therefore we accepted it; we ac-
cepted it in the measure which we sent to the other
House; we accept it in this measure. We do
not put that in controversy. We stand upon the
ground that it was legally adopted; that it was the
legal expression of the popular will of Kansas;
and we in no wise disturb that. We simply say
to Kansas, who is treating with us here as an
equal, as a sovereign, we accept your constitu-
tion as fully and* freely as we have that of any
other of your sisters who have come into this
Union. We decline to interpret it. We deny
all these allegations of its fraud, or its force, or
its violence; we put them under our feet, and we
say we accept it as your act and deed. We say
it is the emanation of your people; that it is the
fair exercise of the popular sovereignty of the
people of Kansas. You did not choose to sub-
mit it to the people. Your convention adopted
it, promulgated it—except as to the one clause
which you did submit, and that was accepted by
the people. Hence we receive it as the act of the
people. We have laid outof the account wholly
the ten thousand, or twenty thousand, or fifty
thousand—if there were so many—who did not
vote. We care not whether any of the people
declined to act when the question was legally sub-
mitted to them; whether they voted or not. We
hold they were bound by the action of the legal
voters who did perform their duty as citizens.
For these reasons, the Senate of the United
States acccptecl that constitution. We sent our
bill accepting it to the other House. They put in
a proposition to submit it, the House of Repre-
sentatives assuming, and the other side declaring,
that it was possibly fraudulent; that there, wore
allegations of fraud against it; that it was not the
popular will. They sent the bill back to us, de-
claring that the constitution should be submitted
to the people. We rejected that proposition. The
two Houses agreed to a conference on their dis-
agreeing votes. This committee of conference
then declared that they would accept the Lecomp-
ton constitution as fully as the Senate accepted it
in their bill; but the very offer of this Lccompton
constitution to the United States by Kansas, was
co-upled with a further condition demanding the
ordinary grants of lands given to the new States,
and seventeen millions besides. What have this
committee done ? They have said we accept the
Lecompton constitution; we pass no judgment
upon that, we leave that where the Senate's bill
left it, as your act and deed, and properly reflect-
ing the legally-expressed will of the people of
Kansas; but we will not give you the seventeen
millions of land for railroads; we will give you
what wc have given your other sisters. What,-
then, are the legal consequences and effect of this
declaration? Precisely those of the Senate's bill,
because the Senate's bill accepted only a part of
the proposition, and rejected the rest. It does not
vary the land granted by that bill one acre—not
one nineteenth part of a hair. We said, we will
not give you the land you ask. Your proposi-
tion is, " Receive me into the Union with this con-
stitution, with the ordinary lands granted to the
States, and with seventeen million besides." The
Senate said, we will not give you these seventeen
millions.
When this question was under debate some
month or two ago, the honorable Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] stated that we had not a
right to vary the propositions at all, that the or-
dinance as to land must go with the constitution.
I differed with him in that statement. In my judg-
ment the constitution was the business of the peo-
ple of Kansas. The land and the boundary were
our business as well as theirs—matters of contract
between equals; and therefore, if we varied the
boundary, or varied the proposition in any shape,
the contract would not be complete until the other
side acted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On the statement now made
by the Senator from Georgia, we understand the
matter exactly alike. I agree you could not vary
the proposition unless you sent it back to them
to ratify the change.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am happy to know that wo
agree in that respect. That is my own position.
I hold that; but I did not understand the Senator
before as going to the extent that they had to ac-
cept it before the contract became binding. That
was my position then, it is mine to-day. We ac-
cept part of the proposition of Kansas; we accept
her constitution, and we accept the call for the
ordinary grant of land; we reject the extraor-
dinary land grant of seventeen million acies.
Well, if the Senate's bill had passed, " Lecomp-
ton," as it is sometimes called, without one word
of dissent, except striking out the seventeen
million acres, she would not have been in the
Union without the acquiescence of her people in
that change. If she had organized her State gov-
ernment under the constitution, after our act of
admission in that form, it would, according to the
general practice hitherto, be an acquiescence; but
her proposition being changed, she could not came
into the Union without an agreement to or an ac-
quiescence on her part in the change.
That would have been the result of the Sen-
ate's bill. Kansas could have rejected it. She
made an offer. "We rejected her offer in part. We
made her a proposition. She could have rejected
that; and where would the parties have been then ?
She would have been where she was—in a terri-
torial condition. There is where the Senate's bill
would have placed her. If the convention had
placed the power in the Legislature to regulate
this matter of the land grant, as Arkansas did, the
committee would have put it there as being the
most convenient tribunal; or if the convention had
reserved to itself the power it might have been put
there; butasthe constitution of Kansas has made
no provision for anybody else adjusting^ these
rights of sovereignty, (for the grants are given in
consideration of yielding the sovereign power of
taxation,) as the people have not delegated it to
anybody in their constitution, the committee very
wisely sent it to the source of all power—the peo-
ple themselves. The consequences are identically
the same as though we had passed the Lecompton
bill with or without the amendment of the gentle-
man who introduced it, usually called the Green
amendment. Itis not in the slightest degree varied,
nor is there any dispute about it, nor are there any
two constructions about it.
I will allude now to the only point which gen-
tlemen attempt to torture into double-dealing in
this bill. My honorable friend from Illinois sup-
poses it will bo represented one way at the South
and another at the North. I know of no way in
the world to prevent partisans—the vicious and
the vile demagogue and deceiver of the people—
from doing that in respect to any measure. My
honorable friend knows that the bill of his, which
I supported with so much pleasure in 1854, met
with the same fate, though there was a perfect
agreement among every one of its friends here.
°Mr. DOUGLAS. The distinction between the
cases is obvious. That bill provided that where
there was a difference of opinion it should be de-
cided as a judicial question. Here there is no ar-
biter made in this bill in regard to Kansas.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not understand the Sen-
ator.
Mr. DOUGLAS. All questions relating to per-
sonal liberty and slave property were referred to
the Supreme Court of the United States by the bill
of 1854, to which the Sonotor alludes.
Mr. TOOMBS. That was not the clause. The
great clause was what was called the stump speech
that was injected into its bowels. It was eon-
tended byits enemies that it had adifferentmean-
ing at the North and at the South. It had not.
It was universally accepted by its friends with
the same meaning everywhere, as far as I am in-
formed; and 1 never knew two constructions put
upon it by them. Again and again, however, it
was reiterated here, and the enemies of the meas-
ure did so construe it. Of course, the enemies of
a metsure will always do that, especially if it in-
volves a sectional iosue. Oftentimes arguments
will bo used to make a measure, which is oven a
just settlement, palatable to one section or the
other, which are construed to present it in different
forms. Everybody understands, however, that
we, having varied tins proposition by striking out
the seventeen million acres of land, simply say to
the people of Kansas, will you come into the
Union with your constitution as it is? We do
not alter that; we accept that part of your prop-
osition, and we give you the ordinary grant of
