786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
fan try, and James Mclntyre, a private of the same
company and regiment, to whom warrants Nos.
78,402 and 78,403 respectively, issued on the-13th
of July, 1853, so as to vest the legal title in and to
these warrants in George M. Gordon, his heirs
or assigns, according to the intention of the par-
ties.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
"widows' revolutionary pensions.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill from
the Court of Claims (S. No. 87) for the relief of
Jane Smith, in the county of Claremont, and State
of Ohio; which was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Jane Smith,
widow of John Smith, a soldier in the army of
the Revolution, of the sum of $393 84, being for
arrears of her pension at the rate of eighty dollars
per annum, from the 4th of March, 1848, to the 3d
of February 1853, to which she is entitled under
the second section of the actof February 3,1853,
entitled " An act to continue half pay to certain
widows, minors, and orphans."
Mr. STUART. I move that this bill be post-
poned. The Senate will remember that it involves
a very large amount of money growing out of the
construction of certain acts of Congress in regard
to which the Court of Claims and the Departments
differ. There are three or four hundred thousand
dollars, more or less, involved in the question. It
is one which will necessarily involve a good deal
of debate. I move, therefore, to postpone it until
to-morrow.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the Senator to let me give
it the proper direction. I think it ought to go to
the Committee on Pensions. I do not understand
the exact nature of the bill, but I suspect from the
terms of it that it is one of very considerable im-
portance. The Committee on Pensions have had
a great many applications for what are termed
arrears of pensions before them, and they have
instructed me to make a general report on them
adverse to all such claims. The claims to which
I allude are of this character; they are the claims
of children and grand children of revolutionary
soldiers, who ask the amount of pensions which
the father or grandfather might nave received if
he had made application for it.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is not this case.
Mr. STUART. This is a different thing. This
grows out of the construction of a law. The point
is, whether a law passed in 1853 had a retroactive
cffect, or whether it took effect from the date of
its passage ? The Department, as I remember—I
may not bespeaking with entire correctness—de-
cided that the law took effect from the date of its
passage, and gave pensions from that time. The
claimants contended that it had a retroactive ef-
fect, sending them back four or five years. The
Department decides one way and the Court of
Claims the other. This question was discussed
at great length at the last Congress.
Mr. CLAY. Then I hope the bill will lie
over.
Mr. WADE. I hope this case will not be de-
layed any longer. At the last session the decision
of the court came up, and was argued at great
length. It does turn on the construction of the
statutes. The court, on great consideration, have
decidcd the question. The Committee on Claims
of last year unanimously reported in favor of the
decision of the court,and I believe they have done
so over again this year. If a deliberate decision
of that court, and two decisions of the Committee
on Claims, on the same question, unanimously
made, are not enough to carry a case through the
Senate, then we might as well dispense with the
court at once. I do not wish to enter into the dis-
cussion of this question. I think it ought to be
regarded as settled. The matter turns entirely
upon a question of law; and the construction on
that point, made by such authority, ought finally
to settle it.
Mr. HAMLIN". I think I can state to the Sen-
ate precisely what is involved in a settlement of
this question. The law originally granted pen-
sions to the widows of those soldiers who were
married during the revolutionary war. There was
a very good reason for that limitation, because
the husbands engaged in the war, and who^vere
married during the war, were necessarily taken
away from their wives and their families. Sub-
sequently, however, a law was passed giving pen-
sions to the widows of those who were married
prior to 1786 or 1790. Then another law was
passed, granting pensions to all those who were
married previous to 1794; and still another law
was passed, granting pensions to those who were
married previous to 1800. In 1853 I drew up the
amendment myself, and it was attached to some
bill, providing that all widows of persons who
served in the revolutionary war who were mar-
ried subsequent to 1800, should receive a pension
in the same manner—that was the word—as those
who were married previous to 1800. I took that
section, andwentwith itmyself,and submitted it
to the Commissioner of Pensions, and to the Sec-
retary of the Interior, then a Virginia gentleman,
Mr. Stuart; and they both told me that,if it should
pass Congress, the widows would be entitled to
a pension commencing in 1848, going back five
years, that being the time when the restriction
was removed from those widows who had been
married between 1794 and 1800. The Senate
adopted it, and it became a law.
A new Administration came in, and Mr. Waldo,
of Connecticut, a very excellent and good man,
and a good lawyer, gave it a construction that it
should take effect only from its passage. I had
a conversation with him when I returned here the
next year, and I am very clear in my own mind
that if he had to make the decision over again , he
would never decide as he had done. He inti-
mated as much to me, but he said it was a matter
which Congress could easily remedy. That is the
statement of the case.
On that statement of the case theso persons who
were entitled to a pension, as they thought, these
widows who were married after 1800, applied to
the Court of Claims. The Court of Claims have
adjudicated the matter; and they say, in so many
words, that a fair construction of the law required
that it should have taken effect from 1848, as was
designed by Congress. Indeed, at the time the
amendment was passed, my recollection is very
clear and distinct that it was modified at the sug-
gestion of the then colleague of my friend from
South Carolina, Judge Butler. He suggested that
it was so indefinite that it might go back to 1831;
and, at his suggestion, I modified it so that we all
understood, and it was so stated in the Senate,
, that wp expected it would go back to 1848, and
' stop there. It was designed to go back to 1848.
| I think, in justice to these widows, in justice to
i the previous action of Congress, injustice to what
1 is but a fair construction of this law, we ought
to make an appropriation to carry it out. If the
passage of this bjll involves that, I am ready to
| vote for it; and lam ready to vote for it even as a
! single case, if you will drive parties to the Court
of Claims, and compel all these individuals to go
] there and prosecute their rights, and obtain the
| decision of that tribunal, ft would be the wiser
| way, 1 know, to make an appropriation. I ap-
| prehend, ifCongress should pass this claim, they
1 would then come to the conclusion to make one
I general appropriation, coveringall the cases. The
amount, I think, would be some three hundred
thousand dollars—at all events, at the last Con-
i gress, according to my recollection, it was about
two hundred thousand dollars up to that time.
Mr: CLAY. The passage of this bill is objected
to to-day, and it must go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
i The Chair is informed that there is no rule in force
I making asingle objection decisive against the con-
j sideration of a bill. The Senate being in Com-
| mittee of the Whole on the bill, it is now pending
i for consideration until disposed of by the Senate,
j Mr. STUART. I suppose the effect of the ob-
! jection will be to stop the third reading of the bill
| to-day. Inasmuch as this is a debatable subject,
! and one which, perhaps, will occupy the whole
| day, 1 suggest that we had better postpone it, and
I proceed with the Calendar, taking up those cases
1 which shall not involve discussion, and thereby
dispatch a great deal of business. I move that
this bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. POLK. The bill comes from the Com-
mittee on Claims; but if the gentlemen wish to in-
quire into it, as the member of the committee who
had the honor to report the bill, I have no objec-
tion to its being postponed for the purpose of ex-
amination.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
increase of the army.
The hour of one o'clock being arrived, the unfin-
ished business was announced to be next in order,
being the bill (S. No. 79) to increase the military
establishment of the United States.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state to the Senate that
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs has sent a message to me to-day, requesting
that this bill be postponed until he can have an
opportunity of being present in the Senate.^ He
thinks great injustice has been done to him in the
remarks of some Senators, and he desires to vin-
dicate himself from some imputations which have
been cast on him. I therefore move that the bill
be postponed until Tuesday next, at one o'clock.
Mr. CLAY. The remark of the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia is susceptible of some miscon-
struction, I think. He refers to me, I presume, as
the person who communicated to him the wishes
of the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. His remark was, that he wished to reply
to some statements which had been made on the
floor that he thought did injustice to him and to
the public service—no personal imputation, of'
course. He did not object to the debate going oil
to-day, however; but he though t that it was due to
him, by the parliamentary practice, to be allowed
to close the debate, and he wished to be heard on
it before the final vote was taken.
Mr. HALE. According to the suggestion just
made, if there are any motions short of the final
passage, we may go on with them to-day.
Mr. CLAY. I suggest that those who desire
to speak should be heard to-day, and that the Sen-
ator from Mississippi be permitted to conclude the
debate.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state the reason why I
do not desire the debate to go on to-day. If we
progress with the debate to-day, it may be con-
cluded then, and we shall have to take the vote on
Tuesday. I do not want to take the vote on Tues-
day, because I know several Senators are going
to Richmond, and will be absent on Tuesday. I
shall therefore object to taking any vote on any
question involving the merits of the bill, before
Wednesday. If we postpone the bill until Tues-
day, we can debate it on Tuesday, and that will
afford ample time for debate on the subject. I
would rather postpone it, and go on with the Pri-
vate Calendar to-day.
Mr. KING. We might go on with the discus-
sion, but not take the vote to-day.
The motion to postpone was agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 18, noes 14.
lucinda robinson.
At the suggestion of Mr. STUART, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the private bills, the
next one on the Calendar being the bill from the
Court of Claims (S. No. 88) for the relief of
Lucinda Robinson, of the county of Orleans, State
of Vermont.
Mr. STUART. That bill involves precisely the
same question as the bill which has been post-
poned. I move to postpone this until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
george ashley.
The bill from the Court of Claims (S. No. 89)
for the relief of George Ashley, administrator de
bonis non of Samuel Holgate, deceased, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to George Ashley, administrator de bonis non of
Samuel Holgate, deceased, the sum of $996 01,
being in full for certain planks and boards and
other property of Holgate, seized by Commodore
McDonough on Lake Champlain, in 1814.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let us hear the report in that
case.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Wade, February 20, 1857:
Tlie Committee of Claims, to whom was referred the opin-
ion of the Court of Claims in the ease of George Ashley, ad-
ministrator de bonis non of Samuel ilolgate, deceased, report:
Tins is a claim for compensation for a quantity oflumber
taken on Lake Champlain, and converted to the use of the
American forces under the command of Commodore Mc-
Donough, in 1814.
The committee concur in the unanimons opinion of the
court, that " it is a case in which the constitutional pro-
vision, that private properly shall not be taken for public
use without just compensation, is strictly applicablethey
therefore recommend the passage of the accompanying
bill.
