2896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10.
Mr. Alien,its Clerk, announced that the House
had agreed to some,and disagreed to otheramend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 557)
making supplemental appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and forfulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,
1859, and had agreed to the thirtieth amendment
of the Senate to the said bill, with an amendment,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 610) for
the relief of William S. Bradford; and it was
signed by the Yice President.
JOINT RESOLUTION REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 37) in regard to carrying the Uni-
ted States mails from St. Joseph, Missouri, to
Placerville, California, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Pcjst Office
and Post Roads.
CHOCTAW LANDS.
The bill (H. R. No. 399) for the relief of cer-
tain purchasers of land within the limits of the
Choctaw cession of 1830, was twice read by its
title.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the consent of the
Senate to consider that bill at this time. It relates
to the entries of some persons who settled upon
Choctaw land and purchased it at fifty cents an
acre—it being held to be land which had been
thirty years in market; but it was afterwards
ruled that eight of those thirty years it had been
■withdrawn from sale, and therefore it was not es-
teemed as land thirty years in market, and thus
a difficulty of that kind was created. The Com-
missioner of the General Land Office and the Sec-
retary of the Interior have recommended the bill
which has been passed by the House. It was
reported unanimously by the committee of the
House, and the Representative of the district m
which the land lies, being; a district in the State of
Mississippi, who has paid particular attention to
it, gave me a history of it, which I will not detain
the Senate by reciting, but which, I am sure, would
satisfy every one, if I did, that the bill ought to be
passed, and I hope it will pass now.
Mr. STUART. I think the Senate passed a
bill at the last Congress for this purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. Not exactly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the consideration of the bill?
Mr. HUNTER. I shall not object if the Sen-
ator consent, should it lead to debate, to lay it
down.
Mr. DAVIS. I will.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LAND CLAIMS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the bill for
the collection of the revenue.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Before that is done, I will
ask the Senator from.Virginia to permit me to
pass a little bill in which the public are much in-
terested, and which will prevent the loss of a
great deal of public money. There can be no de-
bate upon it at all. I will state, in a word, what
it is.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall not object to it if the
Senator will agree to lay it down should it cause
debate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly. There has
been a bill passed, by the House of Representa-
tives, to-day, at the request of the Interior De-
partment, for the purpose of confirming the titles
of certain pueblos, in New Mexico, which are
now being encroached upon by the whites in the
neighborhood, and it is feared that it will lead to
war. The Committee on Private Land Claims
have examined these land claims, and no possi-
ble objection, 1 think, can be made to the bill. I
am instructed by the Committee on Private Land
Ciaims to report the bill back with two small
amendments, and ask for its present considera-
tion.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 565) to confirm the land claims
of certain pueblos and towns in the Territory of ]
New Mexico; which the Secretary proceeded to '
read.
The original bill proposed to confirm the pueblo
land claims in the Territory of New Nexico, des-
ignated in the corrected lists as: A, pueblo of
Jemes, in the county of Santa Ana; B, pueblo of
Acoma, in the county of Valencia; C, pueblo of
San Juan, in the county of Rio Ariba-, D, pueblo
of Picaris, in the county of Taos; E, pueblo of
San Felipe, in the county of Bernalillo; F, pueblo
of Pecos, in the county of San Miguel; G, pueblo
of Cochili, in the county of Santa Ana; H, pueblo
of Santa Domingo, in the county of Santa Ana;
I, pueblo of Taos, in the county of Taos; K,
pueblo of Santa Clara, in the county of Rio
Ariba; L, pueblo of Tesuque, in the county of
Santa Fe; M, pueblo of San Ildefonso, in the
county of Santa Fe; N, pueblo of Pojuaque, in the
county of Santa Fe; reported upon favorably by
the surveyor general of New Mexico, in his re-
port of the 30th of September, 1856, to the Depart-
ment of the Interior, and the claim designated as
O, pueblo of Zia, in the county of Santa Ana; P,
pueblo of Sandia, in the county of Bernalillo; Q,,
pueblo of Isleta, in the county of Bernalillo; R,
(supposed) pueblo of Nambe; reported upon fa-
vorably by the surveyor general, on the 30th of
January, 1857; also, the claim number seven, of
the town of Tecolete, m the county of San Mi-
guel; number eleven, of the town of Chilili, in the
county of Bernalillo; and number thirteen, of the
town of Belen, in the county of Valencia; reported
for the favorable action of Congress by the sur-
veyor general, on the 30th of September, 1857.
The Commissioner of the Land Office is to issue
the necessary instructions for the survey of all
these claims, as recommended for confirmation by
the surveyor general, and cause a patent to issue
therefor as in ordinary cases to private individ-
uals. This confirmation is only to be construed
as a relinquishment of all title and claim of the
United States to any of the lands, and is not to
affect any adverse valid rights, should such exist.
Mr. HUNTER". If we take it on faith, what
is the use of reading the bill?
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is no use in reading
the bill, but only the amendments.
Mr. STUART. I want to hear the amend-
ments read.
The Secretary read the amendments of the com-
mittee. The first was, al'ter the words " fifty-
seven," in line thirty-seven, to insert:
Al>o. the claim No. 9,of the town nf Toin^. repoitetl upon
favorably hv Hie surveioi genetal of New Mexico, in ins
ippoit oi rhc IJOiJi of September, 1306, to the Department of
the Intenor:
ANo, the claim No. 29, of the town of Casa Colorada,
repoiled upon favorably by tile surveyor general of New
Mexieo, in in* repoit oi tbe 31st of December, Itfjfi, to the
Depaitment of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
line twenty-seven, to strike out the words " 30th
of January, 1857, "and insert in lieu thereof," 30 th
of November, 1856."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
line twenty-nine, to change the word " Tecolete"
to " Tecolote."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Those amendments are to
correct mistakes in the House bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended;
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. TB.UMBULL. As the Senator from Vir-
ginia seems to be in a good humor, if lie will give
us a moment to breathe between these appropria-
tion bills, I ask turn to allow me to take up a little
bill (II. R. No. 538) to confirm a land claim.
Mr. HUNTER. I will give way between this
and the next appropriation bill. I have one to
come after this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will answer just as
well.
Mr. BRODERICK. I wish to make a motion
! to reconsider the vote on the Post Office appro-
priation bill, for the purpose of allowing two gen-
tlemen who are absent, to vote on the amendment
raising the price of postage from three to five
cents. I shall not change my vote in favor of rais-
ing it to five cents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
simply desire the motion entered?
Mr. BRODERICK. I want to give those Sen-
ators an opportunity of voting.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senators can state how
they would have voted if they had been present.
It cannot be necessary to postpone everything by
again considering that bill.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am satisfied.
Mr. HUNTER. I am sure they will be sat-
isfied to get up and state how they would vote if
they had had an opportunity.
^ REVENUE COLLECTION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H.R.No. 466) making
appropriations for the expenses of collecting the
revenue from customs.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer this amendment as an
additional section:
Jinl be it farther enaetei, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized, at his discretion to
discontinue all ports of delivery, the revenue received at
which does not amount to the sum of {$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I have an amendment to offer
I move to strike out the two first sections of the
bill, after the enacting clause, and inserta substi-
tute. The sections which I move to strike out are
in these words:
" That, instead of the appropriation for the expenses of
collecting the levenue from customs for the half year, from
the Lst day of January, 1858, to the 1st day of July, 1858,
contained in the joint resolution approved on the I4thday
ot February, 1850, there be, and heieby is, appropriated for
the cxpei)bef! of collecting the revenue fioni customs for
said half >ear, the sum of $1,600,000, payable out of any
moneys in the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated, to-
gether vviili such sums as maybe received from storage,
eaitafje, diavn^c, and labor said half year.
Stic. 2. And he it further enncled, Thai there he, and
hereby is, annually appiopnated for the expenses of collect-
ing the revenue from customs, for each and every fUeal year,
from the Kt day of July, 18.58, the sum of $4,000,000, pay-
able out of any moneys in the Tieasury not otherwise appro-
priated, until otherwise oidered by law, together with such
wum« as may be received from storage, cartage, drayage, and
labor, for each fiscal year: Provided, That from and after
the said 1st day of July, 1858, all Jaws and parts of laws
which authorize the payment of the expenses or any portion
of the expenses of collecting the revenue fiom customs to
any port or ports on the Pacific coast of the United States
out of the accruing revenue, before the same is paid into
the Treasury, shall be, and heieby are, repealed."
And I move to insert the following:
That there be, and hereby is, appropriated for the ex-
penses of collecting the revenue ftom eu<toins for each half
year, the sum of $1,500,000, payable out of any moneys in
the Treasuiy not othei wise appropuated, together with such
! um< a-> may be received ftom storage, caitage, and labor
for said half year.
' And be it further enacted, That from and after the said
lt-t day of July, 1858, all law- and patts of laws which au-
thorize the payment of the expenses, or any portion of the
expenses of collecting the revenue from customs, to any
poit or ports on the Pacific coast of the United States, out
of the acciuing revenue befoie the same is paid into the
Treasury, shall be, and hereby are, repealed.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot understand that
amendment. There was so much noise that I
could not hear it read. I should like to hear it
read again, if the Chair can keep order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
remind Senators that more than half the Senate
are now engaged in conversation, and conse-
quently amendments have to be read three orfour
times for the benefit of Senators.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Chair will suspend business until quiet is re-
stored.
„ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
have the amendment again read. It has been read,
but the chairman of the Committee on Finance
could not hear it.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. HUNTk'R. The bill which comes from
the House repeals that, and requires the revenue
bill to be in payment of expenses paid out.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I know how
precious are the minutes of the closing hours of
the session, and no one is less disposed than my-
self to consume by words these crowded moments
which should be given to deeds;. Reluctant as I
am to claim the attention of the Seriate, I am nev-
