1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
« George JlsMey, administrator de bonis non of Samuel Hoi-
gate, deceased^ vs. the United States.
"Judge Blackford delivered the opinion of the court.
«'fhw claim was originally presented to the House of
Representatives by one Samuel Holgate, of Milton, State of
Vermont, in 1825 There have been several adverse reports
jn the case, by Committees of Claims of tiie House of Rep-
resentatives.
"The said Samuel Holgate having died, Harvey Ilolgate,
stating himself to be the heir and legal representative ot the
decedent, filed the present petition in this court. Since the
cause was submitted to this court lor decision, the said Har-
vey Holgate has died, and George Ashley ha° been appointed
administrator de bonis non of said Samuel Holsate, deceased.
  On the 30th of January, 18&), the Committee of Claims
of the House of Representatives reported the facts to be as
follows:
«'That the claim of the petitioner has beeu frequently sub-
mitted to the Committee of Claims, and has been uniformly
rejected. Your committee have again examined the tame,
and it npfpais from the evidence accompanying the peti-
tion that about the l=t of July, 1814, the petitioner was the
owner of a quantity of lumber at Milton, in the State of
Vermont; that he agreed with Ira Hill to deliver to him at
Vineyard, m the State of Vermont, in the course of three
or four weeks, lumber to build a house and bam. About
the same period the petitioner engaged to deliver at Ala-burg,
in Vermont, ^ome lumber to Ephraim Mott; and Amos Ran-
som of Chazy, in the State of New York, about the same
time agreed to receive lumber, to be delivered by the peti-
tioner at the latter place, and to dispose of it for him. The
petitioner procured from C. P. Van Ness, collector of the
customs of the district of Vermont, a written permit to trans-
port lumber from Milton, in Vermont, to Chazy, in the State
ofNew York. The raftof lumber, togethei with ten bairels
of tar, and some other property, was taken off thp^outh end
of Isle La Mott, or Vineyard, sixteen or eighteen miies south
of the Canada line, on the waters of Vermont, by a row
galley belonging to the squadron commanded by Commo-
dore McDonough, on the charge of being bound for Canada,
and brought to Plattsburg, in the State of New York. The
petitioner exhibited his permit to Commodore McDonough,
and, on a second interview with him at Plattsburg, pro-
duced a. letter from Collector Van Ness, a copy of which is
among the papers accompanying the petition, expressing
his di&behef of an intention on the part of the petitioner to
traffic with the enemy. Commodore McDonough,however,
notwithstanding these repieseMntions delivered the ptop-
erty to Peter Saily, collector ot the distnet of Champiam,
who caused it to be libeled tn the diituctcouit of the State
of New York. In due course of law it was condemned, no
defense having been made. Boards and plauks being re-
quired by the commanding ofiicer of the United States at
Plattsburg, the lumber hbelud was delivered to the quarter-
master general at that place, who paid the marshal, or his
deputy, for the same, §416 80. Fiom this sum he deducted
$84 58, the costs of suit, leaving a balance of $032 29 ; for
one moiety of which the collector accounted to the United
States, and the other was equally divided between Com-
modore McDonough and himself. The tar and other article*
were not delivered to the collector, or libeled. The value
of the piopprty taken, according to the estimate of the peti-
tioner, was $] ,187 51.'—See Report of Committee of Jloitse
of Representatives, first session Twenty-First Congress, vol.
1, No. 78.
" The facts stated m that report, except as to some im-
matenal matter, appeal from the evidence m the case.
"It further appears, that soon after the laft arrived at
Plattsburg, the boaids and plank woie conveyed hy the
teams of the United States to the camp-ground at that place,
and were made use of, by order of the pioper authority, lor
the benefit of the United States., in the erection of the mil-
itary works there.
4k There is an account, filed by Samuel Iloigate, the ori-
ginal claimant, of the quantity and price of the lumber. The
fcuin there chargcd for the lumber is .$90801; and that
charge for the lumber is believed to bn eonect
" ItAlso appears that Commodore McDonough, by whose
ordei the lumber and othei gt>ud> were beiz,ed, wass-ucd for
the seizure in a State couit in Vermont, by said Samuel
Holgate, senior: that the suit was removed to fhe circuit
couTt of the United States m that State, and was there tiied
on the plea of not guilty; and that a vcrdict and judgment
were rendeied for the defendant.
"The suit against Commodore McDonough is proved by
a-copy ot the record. T^e other facts aie proved by a cer-
tificate and affidavits not'objectcd to.
" We will first consider the case as respects the boards
and plank.
44 The first objection made to the suit is, that the lumber,
seized as aforesaid, was regulaiiy libeled and condemned
in the United States district couit in New York, and pur-
chased by the Government at the marshal's sale under the
decree.
£k This objection is not well founded. There i* an act of
 Congress which provides 'that the distnct couits [of the
United States] x * * *" shall have exclusive cogni-
zance of all civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdic-
tion, including all seizures under laws of impost, navigation,
or trade of the United States, wheie the seizures aie made
on waters, which aie navigable from the sea by vessels of
ten or more tons burden, within their respective distucts,
as well as upon the high seas.' (1 Stat. atLarge,76.) That
statute applies to this case. The seizure of the raft was
made on waters navigable from the sea by vessels of ten or
more tons buiden, and was made within the district of \ er-
mont; so that the United States district couit of Vermont
had exclusive jurisdiction of the case. The condemnation
of the property by the New York distiict court was coratn
nonjudice and void.
44 Another objection made in the ease is, that a veidictand
judgment had been previously icndci ed m favor of Commo-
dore McDonough, m a suit against him by said Samuel Hol-
gate, for the aforesaid seizin e of the goods in question. But
that objection is nottenabfe. Ins as-uffieientanswer to this
objection to say, that, m this case, the Government oi the
United States, and not Commodore McDonough, is the de-
fendant. It is decided, ©veu in the case of joint trespassers,
that a judgment in favor of one of the trespassers, in a suit
against him alone, is no bar to a. suit against the other tres-
passer. To render a former judgment in favor of the de-
fendant a bar to a subsequent suit, it must appear that the
former suit was against the same defendant, or his privy;
which i* not the present case.
" Another objection to the suit is, that the Government
purchased the property bona fide at the marshal's sale, and
paid the purchasemoney. There is nothing m this objection.
The marshal's sale depends for its support upon the decree
of condemnation rendered by the district court in New STork.
But, as we have already shown, that decree was rendered
by a court having no jurisdiction of the subject matter; and
the sale was consequently void.
" The whole case, as to the lumber, is this: during the last
war with Great Britain, when the town of Plattsburg was
in danger of attacks of the enemy, the said lumber was re-
quired, by the commanding officer of the United States army
there, foi the U:?e of the military works at that place. The
lumber was accordingly made use of by the propei authority
in erecting or strengthening the said military works. The
case, therefore, seems to be clear. It is within the principle,
that, in time of war, a military officer, charged with a par-
ticular duty, may take and use private property for public
use, when his doing so is necessary for the public service,
and the necessity is urgent. The Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States uses the following language:
"c There were, without doubt, occasions in which private
property may be lawfully taken possession of or destroyed,
to prevent it from falling into the hands of the public en-
emy; and also where a military officer, charged with a par-
ticular duty, may impress private property into the public
service, or take it for public use. Unquestionably, in such
cases, the Government is bound to make full compensation
to the owner ; but the officer is not a trespasser. But we
are clearly of opinion that, in all these cases, the danger
must be immediate and impending, or the necessity urgent
for the public service, such as will not admit of delay, and
where the action of the civil authority would be too late in
providing the means which the occasion calls for. It is im-
possible to define the particular circumstances of danger or
necessity in which this power may be lawfully exercised.
Every case must depend upon its own circumstances. Jt
is the emergency that gives the right, and the emergency
must be shown to exist before the taking can be justified.'
—Mttchellvs. Harmony, 13 How., 134.
" We have no doubt, fio r, vhe history of the time, (which
it is proper to notice,) Pa-] the evidence, that the mak-
ing use of said lumber io- '•«. public benefit was justifiable,
and that it ought to be pa:J lor by the Government. It is a
ca e m which the constitutional provision, that private prop-
erty snail not be taken for public use without just compen-
sation, is fctrictly applicable.— Const, U. S., Amendments,
Ait. f>.
" For the other property—namely, the tar, hawsers, and
anchor—the Government does notappearto be responsible.
No emergency has been shown which required the use of
those articles for public purposes; nor is it proved that they
were used for any such purpose. They were seized by
order of Commodoic McDonough, on the charge that the
owner was engaged with them in an illegal trade with Can-
ada. If that charge was true, the seizure was lawful, and
the owner has no reason to complain. But if, on the con-
trary, the owner was pursuing a lawful business—that ic,if
he was onlvon the way to places m New York or Vermont,
as alleged—the commodore might be a trespasser, and per-
sonally liable for the seizure ; but there would be no legal
liability, on the part of the Government, for such seizure.
—Mitchell vs. Harmony, above citcd.
We give judgment in favor of the claimant for $996 01,
that sum being the value of the board* and planks, as proved
by the evidence.
"The claim for interest is refused, on the ground that the
well-established usage of the Government is, not to pay in-
terest m such cases. — Todd vs. the United States, and
JVkite vs. the United States, in this court."
Mr.SLIDELL. I can only understand this case
very imperfectly, from-what I have heard read;
but it appears to" me that this man is now claiming
from the United States damages for the seizure of
property which was condemned by a court, on
tiieground that tlie court had no jurisdiction. His
defense is purely a technical one. We have a right
to presume that if the proceedings had been insti-
tuted against these planks and boards in a court
having jurisdiction of the case, a condemnation
would liave followed. I am very unwilling to ex-
press an opinion abouta case which I have heard
so very indistinctly as I have heard this; but it
seems that to pass this bill would be compensating
a man for property which he lost in consequence
of its being seized in illicit commerce; and the
only plej. which is set up is that of want of juris-
diction on the part of the court which made the
decree of condemnation. I move to postpone it
until to-morrow.
Mr. IVERSON. I shall not object to its going
over. The Senator has a right to put it over by
an objection; but I do not wish the case to be post-
poned with the impression which the remarks of
the Senator from Louisiana may have made on
the Senate. I think, when the Senate comes to
investigate the case, they will find it not obnox-
ious to the objection of the Senator from Louisi-
ana.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
JOHN ERICSSON.
The bill from the Court of Claims (S. No. 90)
for the relief of J ohn Ericsson was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to John Ericsson the sum of fl3,930, in full for the
balance due him for his services in planning the
United States war steamer Princeton, and "plan-
ning and superintending the construction of the
machinery of said steamer.
Mr. PuGH. I should like to hear the report
in that case.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Brodhead on the 13th' of February, 1857:
The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred the
report of the Court of Claims in the case of John Ericsson,
report:
This claim is for services Of Captzttn Ericsson in plan-
ning and superintending the construction of the steamer
Princeton" and its machinery.
The court is unanimous in opinion that the sum of
$13,930 is due to Captain Ericsson, for the payment of which
they resubmit a bill, in which the committee concur. The
opinion of the court is hereto annexed.
" IN THE COURT OP CLAIMS.
Cl John Ericsson t>s. the United States.
" The opinion of the court was delivered by Scarburgh, J.
" By an act of Congress approved March 3,1839, it was
made 1 the duty of the Secretary of the Navy, under the di- «
rection of the President, to make preparations for, and to
commence, the construction of three steam vessels of war,
on 5>uch models as shall be most approved, according to the
best advices they can obtain, or to complete the construc-
tion of one such vessel of war, upon a model so approved as,
in the opinion of the President, shall be best for the public
interest, and most conformable to the demands of the public
service;' and to enable the Department to carry into effect
tftis requirement, an appropriation of $300,000, subject to
certain restrictions, was made.—5 Stat, at Large, ch. 95,
§ 2, p. 364.
" By an act of Congress, approved July 20, A. D. 1840, a
similar appropriation of the lurther sum of $340,000 was
made, for the purpose of completing the two steam vessels
which had been commenced.
u By an act of Congress approved March 3, A. D. 1841,
an appropriation of the further sum of $400,000 was made,
to be expended in building and equipping war steamers of
medium size.
44 On the llth day of September, A. D. 1841, the Secre-
tary of the Navv, by a letter of that date, addressed to the
president of the Navy board, directed the boaid of Navy com-
missioners to cause to be built two steam vessels ot war-
one on Captain Stockton's plan, not exceeding six hundred
tons; and one on that of Lieutenant Hunter, not to exceed
three hundred tons. Afterwards the actingSecretary of the
Navy, by a letter dated the 22d $ay of September, A. D.
1841, addressed to Captain R. F. Stockton, United States
Navy, informed him of the direction which had been given
to the board of Navy commissioners, and ordered him to su-
peimtend the building of the steamer of six hundred tons,
under the direction of the commandantof the navy-yardat
Philadelphia, making to him, from time to time, during the
progress of the work, such suggestions as he (Captain Stock-
ton) might think proper.
" Captain Stockton, in a letter addressed by him to the
petitioner, dated October 2, A. D. 1841, expressed a wish to
see and converse with him on the subject of the construc-
tion of the steamship, the building of which he had received
orders to superintend. An interview took place between
them, and Captain Stockton, in a letter to the petitioner,
dated' the 8th day of October, A. 0. 1841, requested the pe-
titioner to make the drawings of a ship with the dimensions
they had previously spoken of. In subsequent letters,
marked in the printed document (' Exhibit A!) on file in this
case, 4 No. 1G,' 4 No. 17,' 4 No. 18,' and < No. 19,> Captain
Stockton gavp the petitioner further and more particular in-
structions in regard to the drawings which he desired him
to make. The petitioner complied with the request of Cap-
tain Stockton in all respects, and, in conformity thereto,
made the drawings and performed the services specified in
' Schedule A,' to be found in the printed document above
mentioned.
" The ship Princeton was constructed accoidmg to these
drawings and the result was entirely satisfactory to Cap-
tain Stockton, and highlv advantageous to the Untied States.
Captain Stockton leported her to the Secietarvof the Navy
as 4 a full-rigged ship' of great speed and power, able to per-
form any service that can be expected from a ship ot war.
—See • Schedule M' of 4 Exhibit A.'
« On the 14th day of March, A. J). 1844, the petitioner pre-
sented his claim (£ Schedule A' of'Exhibit A') for compen-
sation for his services to the Secretary ot the Navy; and
on the 1 i th day of May, A. D. 1844. it was rejected, on the
around that Captain Stockton, in a letter to the Secretary
of the Navv, had stated as follows: 4In regard toJ?aptain
Eric^on's bill, which was !>entto me at the same tune, I
mun say that, with all my desire to serve him, £ cannot
approve bis bill; it is in direct violation of our agreement,
as fai as it is to be considered a legal claim upon the De-
nartment.'—See 1 Schedule F* oj 4 Exhibit A
«In a subsequent letter from Captain Stockton to the
Secretary of the Navy, he further stated r4 That it has given
me great pleasure to acknowledge, upon all proper occa-
sions, the services of Captain Ericsson's mechanical skill
in carrving«out my well intended efforts for the benefit of
the country.' * * * * * I have invari-
ably given him to understand, in the most distinct manner,
whenever the subject was alluded to, that I hadhio author-
ity from the Government to employ him; and that if he re-
ceived anything, that it must be altogether gratuitous on the
naiE of the Government; that, considering tile great oppor-
tunity that he. as an inventoi, would have to introduce his
patents to ihe'world by the aid of the funds of the Govern-
ment, I did not think it properfor him to make a charge for
their application to the Princeton; m all of which he has
