2898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
be diminished by the provisions of the tariff act
of March, 1857, and he knew that he could reduce,
that he ought to reduce, and that he should re-
duce, the number of persons employed in the col-
lection of the revenues. Instead of making the
needed reduction, instead of devising some plan
for the reduction of the expenses of that branch of
tbe public service, he demands the repeal of the
law of 1850, and complacently assures Congress
thlt the expenses of collecting the customs in 1859,
when they will be millions less than they were in
1857, will be hundreds of thousands more*than
they were even in that year—that the expenses
will not be less than four million dollars. This
is indeed an extraordinary proposition to come
from the head of the Treasury Department, at
this time, and under existing circumstances. The
proposition itself partially reveals to the country
the extent of the influences exerted by these cus-
tom-house retainers over the Administration;
they serve, only to control. It now remains to
be seen, sir, whether their influences are as potent
over Congress as they are shown to have been
over the executive department of the Govern-
ment. The House has submitted to their de-
mands, and we are now to see if the Senate will
yield to their will.
But I may be asked, Mr. President, how the
Secretary of the Treasury could reduce the ex-
penses of collecting the revenue to the amount
allowed liy existing laws ? I answer: let him dis-
charge at once the six hundred men crowded into
the service from 1852 to 1857. Let him go fur-
ther, and discharge one third of the present force
employed in the custom-houses; by so doing,
he can reduce the expenses not less than the
81,000,000 he now asks for. Let him discharge
the three hundred and forty-six men added to the
too large force in the New York custom-house,
since 1852, at an annual expenses of nearly four
hundred thousand dollars. Enough would re-
main to perform promptly the duties of the office
to the satisfaction of the country. Perhaps the
remaining officials of the port of New York would
have less time, if their force should be reduced
one third, to attend to the elections, to take care
of the political affairs of Mr. Haskin's district, or
to engage again in the pastime of bearing through
the streets of the commercial metropolis of Amer-
ica a coffin with the name blazoned upon it of
Horace P. Clark, the independent and inflexi-
ble Representative, who could not be seduced by
the blandishments of power, or driven by their
fierce denunciations, to vote for the Lecompton \
bill of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] '
or the English swindle. Let the Secretary turn
to the Canadian frontiers,Oswego,Niagara, Buf-
falo, Plattsbnrg, and Burlington, to New Eng-
land, to Boston, Salem, Marulehead, Newbmy-
port, Ports mouth, Belfast, Wiscassett, Barnstable,
New Bedford, and New Haven, to Perth Amboy,
Philadelphia, Wilmington, Baltimore, and the
districts of the South and West, and to the ports
on the shores of the Pacific, and he will readily
find, wherever he turns his glance, opportunities
to discharge supernumerary officers, and to re-
duce exorbitant expenses.
Sir, tire Secretary will find, as he surveys the
field, on every hand evidences of grossabuses, of
reeking corruptions. He will find at Niagara
nineteen men employed at an expense of $12,000
to collect $8,000; at Oswego twenty-three men at
$18,000 to collect $6,000; at Buffalo twenty men
at §17,000 to collect $10,000; at Plattsburg twenty-
six men at $14,000 to collect §18,000; at Burling-
ton thirty-three men at $16,000 to collect $8,500;
at Wiscasset eight men at $7,000 to collect $130;
at Portsmouth twenty-one men at §11,000 to col-
lect $5,500; at Newburyport thirteen men at
$6,200 to collect $9,900; at Marblehead nine men
at $'2,200 to collect $250; at New Bedford four-
teen men at $7,500 to collect #4,800; at Peril) Am-
boy thirteen men at $4,500 to collect $1,500; at i
Norfolk twenty-three men at $49,000 to collect '
$61,000; at Ocracoke seven men at $2,000 to col-
lect $82; at Toledo seven men at $4,400 to col-
lect $567; at Detroit ten men at $3,600 to collect
$495; at Sail Francisco one hundred and thirty-
four men at $402,000 to collect $1,580,000; at
Benicid three men at $4,400 to collect $2,300; at
Stockniti one man at $3,100 to collect $143; at
Sacramento one man at §3,600 ta collect $402; at
San Die o four meti at $7,000 to collect £3.011; at
M'iii!fi"v thi'-v men at $7,050 to collei t $1\ at
San Pedro three men at $4,200 to collect >304.
The Secretary, without further legislation, can
cut ofF many of these abuses, without detriment
to the public interests, or inconvenience to the
people. I do not hesitate to declare here, and now,
that the Secretary of the Treasury can discharge
one third of the men employed in the collection of
the revenue, and so reorganize the system that
he can reduce the cost of collection more than one
million dollars, and this without detriment to the
interests of the Government or the people.
Adopt, Mr. President, the amendments I have
proposed, limit the expenditures for the collection
of the revenue to $3,000,000, tell Mr. Secretary
Cobbthathecan,hemust,and he shall,so reorgan-
ize the system that the revenues can be. collected
for the $3,000,000 we have appropriated. Let the
Senate, let both Houses of Congress do this, and
the Secretary will obey the embodied will of Con-
gress, and a needed reform will be inaugurated,
and many flagrant abuses and much corruption
will be arrested. It is in the power of the Sen-
ate, this day, to rebuke this extravagance, to re-
form these abuses, to dry up the welling fountains
of this corruption; and all this it can do by adopt-
ing the amendment I have proposed, limiting the
appropriation for the next fiscal year to $3,000,000,
thus compelling the Secretary to enter at once upon
a comprehensive system of economy in the col-
lection of the customs.
The issue is made up—Senators cannot avoid it.
They must meet it here and now. Shall the de-
mands of Mr. Secretary Cobb be assented to by
Congress, or shall retrenchment and reform be
now introduced into the revenue service ? The
issue is between continued extravagance, abuse,
and corruption on one side, and the proposed
economy, retrenchment, and reform, on the other.
This issue must be met on this question, heie, m
the Senate of the United States, on this the 10th
day of June, 1858. Let honorable Senators look
well to the record they make up; for the search-
ing eye of the American people will resfupon that
record.
I propose, Mr. President, to add an additional
section to the bill, reducing the salaries of the
revenue officers in California to the New York
standard. It costs the Government thirty per
cent, to collect the revenue in California, and this
enormous expense is incurred in part by the ex-
travagant salaries paid to the officers employed.
These salaries were fixed at a time when the im-
ports into California were large, and at a time
when the cost of living there was very great.
Now, we are told by the Senator from Califor-
nia [Mr. Broderjck] that the cost of living in
that State is notgreater than in this city. In spite
of the great reduction in the expenses of living
there, these exorbitant salaries continue to be
paid, and no demand comes from the Treasury
Department for the reduction of these salaries, or
for the dismissal of the supernumerary officials
quartered upon the revenue service in California.
The cost of collecting the $1,600,000 of revenue
in that State should not exceed $150,000annually.
At San Francisco one hundred and thirty-four
men are employed at enormous salaries to collect
$1,600,000 of revenue. Fifty men, at salaries
fifty per cent, lower than are now paid to them,
could perform the duties required in that collec-
tion district.
In the commercial metropolis of the Republic,
where two thirds of the customs of the nation are
collected, the collector, the responsible head of
more than eleven hundred men, has a salary of
$G,400—in San Francisco the collector has $10,400.
The deputy collector in New York has $2,500;
the deputy collector in San Francisco has $4,000;
the naval officer has $4,950 in New York, in San
Francisco he has $8,000; the surveyor $4,900 in
New York, in San Francisco $7,000. There are
four appraisers in the great port of New York,
with salaries of $2,500 each; there are three ap-
praisers at San Francisco, with salaries of $6,000
each. Weighers, gaugers, inspectors,clerks, and
laborers have salaries from fifty to one hundred
per cent, higher in San Francisco than in the city
of New York. Now, sir, I propose, by this ad-
ditional section, to reduce the salaries of the cus-
tom-house officials in California to the New York
standard. If this amendment shall receive the
sanction of the Senate, if it shall be sustained m
the House of Representatives, it will save to the
Treaf-nry fi om one hundred to two hundred thou-
sand dollars, now squandered in extortionate sal-
aries on the Pacific coast.
We are accustomed, Mr. President, to bear in
these Chambers professions of economy, retrench-
ment, and reform. This is one of those opportu-
nities when our professions can be wrought into
acts, when our words can be hardened into deeds.
It now remains to be seen whether, in this time
of general depression, we shall imitate the exam-
ple set us by the people of the country of every
profession and calling, by farmers and mechanics,
by merchants and professional men of every con-
dition, and reduce our extravagant expenditures,
or whether we will not only continue our profli-
gate expenditures, but go on to increase them.
Let honorable Senators look well to the votes
they now give. Whatever others may do, I shall
vote to limit the expenditures for the collection
of the revenues of the country, although by so
doing I may incur the displeasure of Mr. Secre-
tary Cobb, and the hostility of his pet official favor-
ites, who are greedy to devour the $4,000,000 he
now demands of this Congress for them.
Mr. HUNTER. Of course it is my purpose
to say as little as possible in explanation of this
bill. The estimate made by the Secretary of the
Treasury of what the collection of the revenue
would probably cost annually (that is, upon the
presentscaleof expenditure) is $4,000,000. There
is, I know, a little margin. He has sent us a
table, beginning with 1850 and ending with 1857.
It appears that the collection of customs on the
Atlantic coast has grown from $1,966,000 in 1850,
up to $3,162,000. Upon the Atlantic coast, under
existing laws, all customs were paid into the Treas-
ury before the expenses of collecting the revenue
were taken out; but on the California coast they
were paid out of the revenue, and the net sum de-
posited in the Treasury. On the California coast
in 1852 it was $1,316,000, but we have been grad-
ually reducing it since, until in 1857 it had been
reduced to $464,344. The Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Gwin] tells me that the lkst three
quarters show a still greater reduction. Two
hundred and eighty-nine thousand five hundred
dollars is the expense of collecting the revenue of
the last three quarters, as he tells me, from tables
made at the Treasury Department. It is found
that the sum total for collecting the revenue for
the year 1857, on the Atlantic and Pacific coasts,
amounted to something like $3,600,000. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury asks for $4,000,000, which
of course, leaves some margin, but it is to be re-
membered this is a permanent appropriation. It
has been found most expedient to make these ap-
propriations permanent in order to avoid the de-
lays which are incident on the passage of our
appropriation bills. The means of paying the
expenses of collecting the revenue must always
be at hand and within the reach of the Treasury
Department.
With regard to the enormous expense, I admit
at once it is too much. I believe it ought to be
reduced. I believe it has reached the present ex-
tent as much through the fault of Congress as
from any other cause. We have multiplied the
ports of delivery; we have thus added expenses
to collecting the revenue which do not belong to
it; and in order to reach that, the Committee on
Finance reported an amendment, which has been
adopted, allowing the Secretary of the Treasury
to discontinue ports of delivery at which the rev-
nue collected was less than ten thousand dollars.
I know, however, that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury means to take up this subject. He is called
upon to do so by the last section of this bill as
it comes from the House; and I believe he will
endeavor to apply the knife and reduce the ex-
penditure as far as is consistent with the absolute
necessities of the public service. Some of those
expenses were entailed upon the Department, not
at their request, in times past. They are unne-
cessary; but they are here, and we have to meet
them. There are, I believe, more revenue-cut-
tcrs, a larger revenue service than we ought to
keep up. This is not all: we forced on the Treas-
ury Department a steam revenue-cutter for the
port of New York—the expense of which is three
or four times greater than a sail vessel; and we
shall have applications from other ports. Unless
Congress shall aid the Secretary in his efforts to
diminish the expenses of collecting the revenue,
j it will be impossible for tlrem to do ft; to the*,whole
extent to which it ought to be ieduced, and may
