ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
concurred, as far as I know, up to the time of the present-
ment of this extraordinary bill '—See 1 BB> of 'Exhibit*#.9
"in a letter from Captam Stockton to the petitioner, writ-
ten in July, A. D. 1841, he says: ' In making up the esti-
mate for the cost of the ship, it will be necessary to consider
what must be put down for the use of your patent right. It
will be necessary, therefore, for you to wine me a letter
stating your views on that subject. As a great effort lias
been made to get a ship built for the experiment, I think you
had better say to me m your letter that your charge will
hereafter be (if the experint&nt sheuld prove successful)
  ; but, as this is the first trial on so large a scale, 1 am
at liberty jo use the patents, and after the chip id tucd, Gov-
ernment may pay for their use in that ship whatever sum
they may deem proper.3 In reply to this letter, the peti-
tioner. in a letter to Captain Stockton, dated the 28th day
of July, A. D. 1841, said: 1 \ have duly received your com-
munication on the subject of my patent right for the ship
propeller and semi-cylmdiical steam-engine; in reply to
which 1 beg to propose that, mease these inventions should
be applied to your intended steam frigate, all considerations
relation to my charge far patent light be deferred until after
the completion and trial of the said patent propeller and
steam machinery. Should their success be such as to induce
Government to continue the use of the patents for the Navy,
I submit that Iain entitled to some remuneration ; but, con-
sidering the liberality that thus enables me to have the utility
of the patents tested on a very large scale, and the advant-
ages which cannot fail to be derived in consequence, I beg
to state that whenever the efficiency of the intended ma-
chinery of your steam frigate shall have been duly tested,
.1 shall'be satisfied with whatever sum you may please to
recommend, or the Government see fit to pay for the patent
right.'—See' No. 12' and < No. 13,' of * Exhibit A.'
u In a letter from Captain Stockton to the Secietary of
the Navy, dated February 7, A. 0. 1853, he refers to this let-
ter of May 20, A. D. 1844, and, amonsst other things, says:
4 In that letter X stated the nature ofCapiam Ericsson's ser-
vices and the extent of the Department's obligation to hi in,
and admittedhis claim to such compensation from the Gov
ernmentas, under the circumstances,he may be entitled tot
44 'Time and reflection have not diminished, but rather
increased, my estimate of the nature of Captain El tcsson's
services, and I have now the honor to reiteiate my former
opinion, and further to sav, that the Government should
make him a fair and reasonable compensation for his time
and expenses while engaged m superintending the construc-
tion of the Princeton's machinery,' &c.
" The services rendered by the petitioner were reason-
ably worth the amount charged by him, to wit: the sum ol
$15,080.— See the deposition of Chat les W. Copeland.
" The question now presented tor our considetation is,
whethei, under those circumstances, the petitionei is en-
titled to relief. He has shown that it had been determined
by the proper authority, in pursuance of law, to build the
steamer Princeton, and that, to effect that object on the plan
proposed, and on which she was ui fact eonstincted, the
verv services rendered by the petitioner, to be perloimed
eithei by him or some other pc*>on, were indispensable. It
is insisted, however, that the services of the petitioner wcie
rendered giatuitouvly. If this he true, then the petitioner's
claim connot be sustained.
" fn support of the proposition that the petitioner's ser-
vices were rendered gratuitously, it i-= mged, (list, that lie
was not employed by anv person duly authorized to employ
linn ; and, second, that the testimony of Captain Stockton
isduect and positive tli.it the> wvie thus umdried. bcrno
prcesumitur donare; an&this maxim applies with iiieat lorce
to a case like the present, whcie. the object on which the
bounty to he bestowed is a great and powerlul Government,
m possession of abundant mean3 for all its legitimate pur-
poses.
" That the determination to build the steamer Princeton,
precisely on the plan on which she was built, was made by
the proper authority, under an adequate appropriation, is
not disputed, and is, m fact, indisputable. It is equally clear
that it was not expected that her construction could he ci-
fected without an outlay of money, in oidcr to cany out
the object contemplated, it was necessity to employ pioper
agents,"and to invest them with the authority lequisite lor
the purpose. Accordingly we find the Secrctaiy ol the
Navy giving orders to Cup?am Stockton to superintend the
building of the steamer under the direction of the com-
mandant of the navy-yard at Philadelphia, and to make to
him, fioin time to tune, during the progios of the work, i
such suggestions as he might think pioper. H, tlu tin-
order was obeyed, she was lawfully built, and everything
done in connection with her conduction, was lawfully
done. . .
That the petitioner rendeied the services for which he
claims compensation is undisputed; but it is insisted that
Captain Stockton had no authority to make &uch a request
to i\> to entitle the petitioner to compensation, except under
the direction of the commandant ol the navy-yard at Phil-
adelphia. If tins be true, and Captain Stockton made the
requc. t without the dnection of the commandant of the
navy yard at Philadelphia, ho was guilty of a violation of
duty. And, moreover, it this direction was essential to the
validity of such a request, then it was also essential to au-
thorise Captain Stockton to accept the services of the peti-
tioner, though tendered tolnm gtatuttously. But it is to be
piesumed that Captam Stockton, m all that he did, acted
in the line of his duty, and not in violation of it. No com-
plaint has ever been made against him by the Government,
whose agent he was; but, on the contrary, the payment of
the petitioner's claim was made by the veiy authority under
which Captam Stockton acted to depend upon his report.
It must be intended, therefore, that, m making fche request
on which the petitioner's services were rendered, he acted
by proper authority. If the direction of the commandant
of the navy-vard at Philadelphia was necossaiy, it will be
presumed. ^The Secretary of the Navy himself, m reject-
ing the petitionei '$ claim, recognized Captain Stockton as
the trusted and duly authon/.ed agent of the Government
in the premises. There is,then, no room for question that
what the petitioner did was lawfully done, and that his ser-
yiecs were rendered at the request of an officer duly author-
ized to' make it. He did not officiously intermeddle with the
great public work which was going on. It would, indeed,
be a most offensive imputation upon the characters of the
honorable men under whose superintendence and direction
it was carried on and completed, even to suppose that he
could have done so if he had desired. The only point of
inquiry, therefore, is, did the petitioner render his services
gratuitously ? .
" The letter from Captain Stockton to the Secretary of the
Navy, of the 20th Mav, A. D. 1844, is explained by his letter
to the same officer, of the 7 th February, A. D. 1853. If we
take the former according to its strict literal interpretation,
Captain Stockton may be understood not only as having
denied that he had any authority to employ the petitioner,
but also as having asserted that the petitioner volunteered
Ins services, and rendered them gratuitously. Hut he did
not mean either the one or the other, as is apparent from
the consideration that if he did, the two letters would be in
conflict with each other. In his letter of the 7th February,
A. D. 1853, he expressly says, that in his letter of the 20ih
May, A. D. 1844, he stated ' the nature of Captam Ericsson's
services, and the extent of the Department's obligation to
him, and admitted his claim to such compensation from the
Government as, under the circumstances, he maybe entitled
to.' He queant, therefore, in his letter of the 20th May, A.
D. 1844, hot only to state an obligation of some kind on the
part of the Navy Department to the petitioner, but also to
state the extent of that obligation, by admitting that he is
entitled to a reasonable compensation for his services. But
this is wholly inconsistent with the idea that those services
were rendered gratuitously. The first letter, therefore, is
not to be literally interpreted. It may not be impioper here
to add, that the letter of the 7th February, A. D. 1853, was
obviou^lv designed to be explanatotsy of the former letter;
and to re'move all doubt as to his meaning, he, in conclu-
sion, says: 'Time and reflection have not diminished, but
rather increased, my estimate of Captain Ericsson's ser-
vices; and I have now the honor to reiterate my former
opinion, and further to say, that the Government should
make him a fair and reasonable compensation for his time
and expenses, while engaged m superintending the con-
struction of the Princeton's machinery,' &c., &c.
" With the first letter thus explained, the whole case is
leheved from difficulty. If the Secretary of the Navy, when
he received that letter, had understood it according to this
explanation, lie would not have rejected the petitioner's
claim. When Captain Stockton wrote the letterof the20th
May, A. D. 1844, he was manifestly under an impression
that the plaintiff was asserting a special contract for speci-
fied services at fixed prices ; and he meant to state not only
that no sucft. contract had been made, but that he had no
authority to make it. Itis to such a contract that the whole
of the first letter refers. We can very well understand that
the petitioner would gladly have availed himself of such an
oppoitumty < to exhibit to the world the importance of his
various patents,' and that to secure it he would have per-
muted his compensation to depend on the contingency of
their success ; but we do not suppose that Captain Stock-
ton, or any one eUe. de>ired, that, if the result should be
entirely successful, the United States should receive the
benefit of the petitioner's services without compensation
Taking the two letteis of Captain Stockton together, we
have no difficulty in coming to the conclusion that the un-
dcist.mding between the petitionei and Captam Stockton
was, that the petitionei should be permitted c to exhibit to
the world the mipoitance of his various patents' m his
own wav and according to Ins own plans, and that he should
receive iu t s-uch compensation for his service* as should
be ju-titW by the icsult. The petitioner agreed to accept
a (jiamtum meruit, dependent on the success of his labois.
'• The petitioner admits the receipt of$J,l:")0. He claims
$15,080. We shall report to Congress a bill in his lavoi for
the sum of $13,930."
Mr. STUART. If I have understood this case
correctly, from the reading of the opinion of the
court, it scorns to me that the Senate* ought to re-
ject the bill as unanimously as the court have
reported it. The case seems to show a few facts
in connection which, to my mind, arc conclusive.
Congress made an appropriation for the construc-
tion'of certain ships, and directed, of course, the
Secretary of the Navy to order them to be built.
He ordered one of them to be built under the su-
porintendence of Captain Stockton, at a particular
yard. Captain Stockton, it seems, consulted this
petitioner; at the same time he said in his letter to
him that whatever he did must be done gratui-
tously, for he had no authority to bind the Gov-
ernment at all. He but stated then what every-
body knows, that an officer of the Nttvy, acting
under the direction of the Secretary of the Navy
simply to superintend the construction of a ves-
sel, has no authority to make contracts without
the consent and direction of the head of the De-
partment.
It also appears that the petitioner had an object
personal to himself in view, which was to advertise
the efficiency of certain patents that he owned.
The correspondence shows that it was regarded
highly important to him, individually, that his
patents should have an opportunity of being ex-
hibited and tested on so large a scale as would be
done by the construction of this vessel and their
use in it. Now, he comes in, not to ask pay for
his patents, but to ask pay for his services in su-
perintending the construction of the machinery,
which placed his patents in the ship and thus tested
them and exhibited them to the world. If suc-
cessful, he might well afford to pay the Govern-
ment a large sum of money; if the result should
be a failure, nobody but the Government was to
suffer. The case, so far as regards his patents,
presents exactly that state of things: that the Gov-
ernment tested his patents at its own expense, and
at an enormous expense. If successful, it demon-
strated to the world the usefulness of the patents,
and was the best advertisement the owner could
possibly have; if unsuccessful, the Government
footed the bill; it cost him nothing but the time
he spent in the superintendence.
The doctrine of a quantum meruit due to indi-
viduals who act under the request of an officer of
the Navy or Army, without any authority, cer-
tainly will not do to establish in this Government.
The Navy Department has rejected this claim,
and rejected it upon the distinct proposition that
there was no authority on the part of Captain
Stockton to call on this individual at all; and the
additional fact is presented that Captam Stockton
stated in his first letter, that he gave the petitioner
to understand that he had no authority to make
contracts, that whatever he might do must be re-
garded as gratuitous, leaving it, it is true, to the
discretion of Congress at any time to make him
any compensation they might choose. On that
state of facts, as I understand from the reading of
the report, this court has decided that as a mat-
ter of law, the Government is under an implied
obligation to pay this man, upon the principle of
a quantum meruit. It seems to me that it is a case
where Congress ought unanimously to reject the
claim upon general principles in the first place,
and in the next place, from the nature of the facts
incident to the very case itself. He has been
benefited largely, it seems, by using the Govern-
ment as the means of advertising his patents ta
the world. 1 may, perhaps, not have understood
the case; but I paid as close attention as I could
to the reading of the opinion, and it seems to me
that the opinion develops precisely the state of
facts which I have stated. If so, I beg leave to
conclude with the repetition of the remark that the
principle of the claim is unsound as a legal propo-
sition;and as applied to the facts of this particular
case, there is no equity against the Government
of the United States.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to ask for the post-
ponement of the case, because the Senator from
Florida, who is a member of the Committee on
Claims, [Mr. Mallory,] and takes some interest
in the bill, and understands the matter, is sick to-
day. '
Mr. STUART. Very well.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think the Senator from
Michigan cannot have distinctly understood the
reading of the opinion, or he would not have come
to the conclusion to which he has come. There
was some confusion and noise, and I think he
must have misunderstood some part of the evi-
dence.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
CHRISTINE BARNARD.
The bill (S. No. 91) to continue a pension to
Christine Barnard, widow of the late Brevet Ma-
jor Moses J. Barnard, United States Army, was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Interior
to continue upon the pensio,n roll, at the rate of
thirty dollars per month, from and after July 4,
1857, when her pension expired, the name of
Christine Barnard, widow of the late Brevet Ma-
jor Moses J.Barnard, captain in company H, regi-
ment of voltigeurs, who was twice wounded in
planting the American colors upon the parapet of
Chapultepee, while storming that fortress, and
who died from disease contracted in, and greatly
enhanced by hardships and fatigue of, the Mexi-
can campaign. This pension is to be held by her,
or by her children, in accordance with existing
laws in reference to the widows and children of
those who died from wounds or disease received
or contracted during the Mexican war.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to know if this bill
is continuing a pension to this lady, and then to
the children. If so, it is carrying the pension
laws beyond anything I have known. May I
inquire of the chairman of the Committee on Pen-
sions what it, means ?
Mr. JONES. The bill does not come from the
Committee on Pensions, but from the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. PUGH. Let the last clause of the bid be
read.
The Secretary again read it.
