1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1875
merely suggest it respectfully to the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. GREEN. I am one of the parties to whom
it applies, of course, but I do not think the coun-
try will think me at all degraded by the accusa-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
merely made the suggestion respectfully.
Mr. WILSON. I thank the Chair for the sug-
gestion he has so kindly made; but I have made
no charge which 1 do not believe to be true in
substance. I believe the man who got up this
corrupt proposition, the man who has betrayed
the cause of Kansas and the friends of Kansas,
framed this measure so as to secure the power
to the friends of the Lecompton constitution to
carry it through by their fraudulent practices.
Mr. President, the veteran Senator from Ken-
tucky proposed a measure to which we gave our
ready support. We Republicans believe in the
power and duty of this Government to prohibit
slavery in all the Territories of the United States.
We believed the Lecompton constitution was not
the sentiment, the will, of the people of Kansas.
If we had possessed the power we would have
voted it down and crushed it under our feet; we
would then have given an enabling act to the peo-
ple of Kansas, and said to them, " frame a con-
stitution, submit it to the popular vote, and then
come here and ask furadmission into the Union."
But, sir. we were in a minority in this body and
in the other House; we were utterly powerless.
We believed that the people were opposed to the
Lecompton constitution; we had no doubt of that.
We believed that if they could have a fair vote,
they would vote it down. The Senator from Ken-
tucky made a speech condemning in burning lan-
guage this Lecompton fraud. He made a speech
that has been read with tearful eyes by tens of
thousands of men all over this country—men
who differ fiom him in sentiment and opinion
—a speech that has won their love and their con-
fidence. While living, he will have their affec-
tionate regards, and when he sleeps beneath the
soil of his own Kentucky, he will live in their
memory. He made a fair proposition; that pi op-
osition was, to submit the Lecompton constitu-
tion to a direct, fair, and honest vote of the peo-
ple. If they wanted it they would take it, and
they were in the Union. If they did not want
Lecompton, they were authorized to make, at
once, another constitution, and, on proclamation
of the President, they were to come into the Union.
Could we, as liberty-loving men—the friends of
making Kansas a free State—hesitate to accept
this proposition made in good faith by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky?
I admit, sir, that we subjected ourselves to
the risk of letting a slaveholdmg constitution, the ||
creature of fiaud, come into the Union, but we i!
had the best evidence that the people of Kansas h
were against it, and that if they had a fair oppor- j!
turnty they would vote it down by a crushing ■
majonty. Our filends in that Territory have the
county officers. We have the sheriffs, we have ■'
the ballot-boxes; they are all in the hands of the !
free-State men. The Senator from Kentucky, !,
knowing that we did not desire to avaii ourselves ;■
of this ad vantage of having the territorial officers, ■
made this proposition—and a fairer proposition
could not be made—that the Governor and Secre- i:
tary, appointed by the President, and removable
at his will, and the President of the Council, and 1
the Speaker of the House of Representatives rep- :i
resenting the popular will of the Territory, should
be appointed a board of commissioners, and that /
thixe of this board thus constituted shall form a '!
quoi um. We Republicans accepted that as a fair 'i
Mid honest proposition. We knew that the ap- ['
pomtees of the President could not control that
board; we knew that the men who had defrauded ''
the people of Kansas could not control it; we knew ;■
that the board could not be organized for dishon- ;
est purposes. We believed that a board thus con- ■
stnuted would promptly appoint a proper time, I,
and fix upon proper places to hold the election, ;i
and that proper men would be selected to conduct
the election. We knew that under a board thus !;
constituted your Hendersons, your DicfendorfFs,
your McLeans, your Caihouns; the men wiio !
cheated us at Kickapoo, at the Delaware Cross- 'j
ing, at Oxford, and at Shawnee; that the men who ,
took the returns over into Missouri and added
names by the hundreds to the returns j the men .1
who have spent, many of them, the winter under
the shadow of the Capitol, away from the bittter
condemnation of the people whom they have be-
trayed and defrauded; we knew that these cor-
rupt creatures who have defrauded the people at
the ballot-box, and taken false oaths in regard to
election returns; whohave buried returns by night
in candle-boxes, under a wood-pile, and under the
ground, and then sworn that they had sent them
out of the Territory; we knew that those corrupt
and venal creatures who, during the last few
months, have taken shelter here in the capital,
where rascals have recently so much congregated,
would not be appointed by the board constituted
by the Senator from Kentucky. We believed that
the board appointed under that proposition would
choose as election officers to preside over the bal-
lot-boxes, men of all parties, in whom the peopie
would have confidence, and that the frauds which
have been so often committed during the last ten
months at Oxford,Shawnee, Kickapoo,Delaware
Crossing, and other precincts,* would not be re-
peated,and that we should have a fairand honest
expression of the popular will. I avow here to-
day, that a fairer proposition was never made than
was made by the Senator from Kentucky, and
which was adopted substantially by the House of
Representatives, under the lead of Air. Mont-
gomery, of Pennsylvania.
Here is a sort of feeble imitation of that prop-
osition. Senators tell us that it does not sub-
mit the Lecompton constitution to the people of
Kansas, that it only submits ccrtaiu propositions
in regaid to tlm public lands. It submits the in-
ducements to come into the Union; it holds out
the glittering bribe in the one hand and the threat
in the other, and as jf this would not accomplish
their purpose they have added the district attor-
ney to the boaid of commissioners. They offer
to the people of Kansas five per cent, of the pro-
ceeds of ail the lands to be sold: they offer them
four and a half million acres; and then unless
that people take Lecompton they propose to keep
them out of the Union under any constitution,
without these lands, until they have ninety-four
thousand-inhabitants, and they constitute a board
of commissioners to have charge of the elections
a majority of whom are to be appointed by the
President of the United States, mere executive in-
struments, men who can be removed at any time
at his will.
Why is this change made ? Answer, if you can.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] asked, the
other day, why it was made; and the Senator ft om
Missouri [Mr. GreenJ e;ave whnt Major Jack
Downing was wont to call a sharp, knowing look,
as though he would answer—he gave two very j!
significant nods that he would answer m his own j
tune. He followed the Senator fiom Ohio, but ;!
he did not condescend to allude to this very pert- '■
inent question putby the Senator from Ohio. Sir, h
the other Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii] yester- ;
day undertook to explain the reason why; and j1
the reason is this: that a boaid made of four ;
men, Governor, Secretary, Prcsideritof the Couu- ,
Cil, and Speaker of the House of Representatives,
could not do business, and it was necessary to \
make a partisan majority on that board. Then |
why did you not give it to the people? I will tell \
you why: you have put that board in the hands :|
of the President of the United States. The Pres- ;;
ident of the United States, last May, sent Gov- <i
crnor Walkcf to Kansas Territory, with a solemn \
pledge that the people should have an opportunity ,!
to vote on their constitution, on its adoption or
rt jection. I went up the Missouri liver with Gov-
ernor Walker, and he everywhere proclaimed it. 1
I heard his speech to the people assembled at,j
Lawrence. He told thmn that thev should have j
a fair opportunity to vote. He pledged himself i;
to the people of that Tenitory that, if the consti- ;
tution was not fairly submitted, he himself would ;
resist the constitution before Congress. He gave :i
the people to understand that he was backed in '
this by the President of the United States; that he j
represented the President and his Cabinet; that j
he spoke for the Government. Sir, these assur- .
ances had their weight. Men said, " we shall be
cheated if we go to vote under the partial enroll- i
ment; they will give us a chance to vote on the
constitution, and then we will vote down the cor-,,
rupt and dishonest thing and make a constitution ^
which shall reflect the popular will." ..
You will remember, Mr. President, that when ■■
the October election came, the little town of Ox-
ford, which had about forty-two legal voters, gave
over one thousand six hundred votes. Governor
Walker went down there, examined the case, and
threw out the votes. McGee county, that had
hardly any inhabitants at all, gave one thousand
three hundred votes. Governor Walker threw
them out; and for these acts a howl went up from
the States now threatening to dissolve the Union
if you do not admit Kansas under the Lecomp-
ton constitution. They deuied that Governor
Walker had the right to throw out these votes,
and he was denounced for correcting these frauds,
although the correction of the frauds was vital to
the just expression of the public sentiment; for
these frauds gave the Legislature to the minority
of the Territory.
While these threats were borne on southern
breezes to the White House, Governor Wise came
to Washington, saw the President, told the Pres-
ident that he would write a letter sustaining his
policy, and draw this fire upon himself. He did so;
and a day or two after that very letter was written,
the President deserted the Governor and left him
to be shot down. He deserted Walker. The mo-
ment Walker corrected those frauds, the demand
went forth that he should be sacrificed, and the
President was the willing tool to sacrifice a man
for correcting a gigantic fraud upon the people.
That is not all, sir. Mr. Dennis, who was ap-
pointed marshal of the Territory by Mr. Buchan-
an, attended the polls at Oxford, this very precinct
that gave sixteen hundied votes at one election,
thirteen hundred at another, and seven or eight
hundred at another. He was summoned before
the investigating committee of the Territorial Le-
gislature; and he testified that there were loss than
one hundred and fifty voters in the precinct, and
that not over two hundred and fifty votes were
given there on that day, when they counted out
nearly thirteen hundred votes. He gave this tes-
timony, exposed these frauds before the investi-
gating committee, and the President of the United
States removed him. Yes, sir, Mr. Dennis was
sacrificed for exposing the frauds of the friends
of Lecompton by a willing Executive who has
shown that he is but an instrument of the slave
propagandists.
While Walker and Stanton and Dennis were
stricken down, for exposing these frauds upon the
people ofKansas, by your President, Diefendotff
remains a clerk in your land office. Jack Hender-
son, who took the vote at Delaware Crossing, and
who was implicated in that stupendous fraud, is
yet in the public service. McLean, who hid the
returns in a candle-box at night, under a wood-
pile, two feet under ground—this man who then
went before the commission and gave a solemn
oath that he had sent these returns out of the Ter-
ntuiy, and then had to escape from the Territory
to escape from a charge of perjury, and has loit-
ered around this Capitol for the last three months
—tins creature is yet in the confidence of the Ad-
ministration, and I have met him and his com-
peers in the executive mansion. Yes, sir, he is
in office; and Calhoun, the organizer of frauds,
yet has the President's conscience, and is to be
sent up into Nebraska, perhaps to play the same
game in that Territory.
Now, with these lights before us, I have a right
to say that this change in the board of commis-
sioners could be made for no honest purpose.
These three men may be removed by the Presi-
dent; and they will be removed, if their removal
be necessary to effect the purposes of the nvn
who have sustained the Missouii invasion, sus-
tained the violence in Kansas, sustained this Le-
compton fraud, sustained this whole policy that
has disgraced our country for more than tuieo
years. If they demand it, he will remove these
men. lie has given pledges, guarantees; all chord
is of him, and all he hopes to be, he has staked
upon them. He is in their hands. Ho is then-
instrument; and if they demand it, he will see to
it that the three men he appoints, who have the
control of this board of commissioners, who can
fix the day of election as far off as they please,
who can appoint just the men they please to pre-
side over the ballot-boxes, who can count in the
Ovford, Kickapoo, and Shawnee frauds, who can
decide this whole question—he can lemovo thrm
at Ins will, and they are but his tools and ins in-
struments, and he is the tool and^instrument of
the slave propagandists and disuniomsts. Tu^y
