mo
TPE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
of July, 1849. He based St on the expenditure for
the preceding year. That fiscal year ended the
30<h of June, 1850. It was a long session; and
at the termination of the fiscal year, they asked
for a deficiency of $750,000. Here was a limit-
ation imposed,specially and strictly imposed, and
yet the Administration—1 impute no fault to any-
body—went $750,000 beyond that limitation, and
we appropriated the money.
Therefore the prescription of a certain limit docs
not neces anly restrain them. 1 think the better
plan is to take up a revenue system in detail, and
abolish every collection district that is unneces-
sary, either to prevent fraud or collect revenue.
By "taking this systematic course we can bring it
down within the limit of less than three million
dollars, and' as the Senator from Kentucky inti-
mates, if mistaken in this, the time for the next
session will soon be upon us. If the restriction
did restrain them, I would change my opinion
unon the subject, and vote for the limitation of
$3,000,000
Mr. HAMMOND. Asl understand this matter,
the expenditures of the last year were some three
million six hundred thousand dollars. The ap-
propriation proposed now is $4,000,000; and the
S. * ator from Massachusetts pioposes to reduce
it to $3,000,000. I confess I am very much in-
clined to vote with the Senator from Massachu-
setts. I have no doubt that these expenditures
far exceed any of the necessities of the Govern-
ment; but such a proposition suddenly sprung
upon any Government would be calculated to em-
barrass them. I see no reason why the Govern-
ment should have for the next year more than
they have had for the last year. I would, there-
fore, cheerfully vote, if 1 had the least idea that it
would produce any embarrassment, for the same
nmount for next year. I believe that the present
Secretary of the Treasury is disposed to econo-
mize expenditures as much as possible. In that
i have the utmost confidence. I do not desire to
embarrass him. If, at the beginning of another
session, upon an expose about the tai iff on the reso-
lution of the Senator from Missouri, or from any
other cause, we could reduce it still further, I
should go m favor of that. I propose, therefore,
for the present, to make an amendment, or to sug-
gest—for I do not say that I shall offer anything
mvseif—to the Senator from Massachusetts, if he
will place his amendment at the exact amount
appropriated for the last fiscal year, i will vote
for it very cheerfully.
Mr. GWIN. If necessary, I could go into the
value of California to thisConft-deracy; it would
not be hard to be shown in dollars and cents.
When they estimate the amount that is expended
in California, compared to th   amount collected
from revenue there, they do not do justice at all
to the importance of that section of the Confed-
eracy to the rest of the Union. During the last
fiscal year we exported, of gold bullion and coin,
$60,000,000; while the other exports of the coun-
try amounted to $303,000,000. One sixth of the
entire products of the country were produced in
California—California gold; and consequently one
sixth of the revenues that were brought by cus-
toms into the Treasury returned to the country
in ex;hnnge for our products. One sixth of the
revenue was derived from the exports produced
by California. The income, instead of §1,500,000
collected nt our custom-houses, owing to the in-
creased facility of intercourse with t'oieign na-
tion,exchanging our products, made it twelve or
thirteen million dollars. That is the amount
which was brought in.
In regard to the expense of living there, as I
said before,it is entirely ululated by labor, as it
is here and elsewhere; and the labor in the mines,
which is thegreatstandard of value in the country,
averages from two to five dollars a day at this time.
It is well known that labor, in other sections of
the State, is regulated by that. But in regard to
these salaries, U must be known to those who
were here at the last Congress, that the late Sec-
retary of the Treasury revised the whole revenue
system,and broughta bill before Congress, which
was very voluminous, in which he revised these
offices, (it was lost, I know not how—I believe
on account of its being very voluminous,) and
abolished a number of them. The Senator from
Massachusetts speaks about appraisers, and says
there are four on that coast. He is mistaken;
there are only two, There is an appraiser general
for the whole Pacific coast, including Washing-
ton, California, and Oregon; ar.d the bill of the
late Secretary of the Treasury reduced these to
one. This system was adopted in 1850, and has
continued from that time; but whenever the rev-
enue system of the whole country is revised, I
have no douhA the salaiies can be properly re-
duced there. The Secretary of the Treasury now
has a commission of three intelligent gentlemen,
one of them the late commissioner of customs,
who have been sent to that country expressly to
ascertain to what extent the expenses can be re-
duced.
With regard to the bill to which my colleague
referred, increasing the salaries of the officers, I
will speak of that when it comes up.
The bill was informally laid aside to receive a
message from the President.
UTAH AFFAIRS.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United Stales, by J. B. Henry,
Esq., his Secretary.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand the message is
in regard to CJtah. I hope it will be read. I trust
it may save us the necessity of considering one
appropriation bill.
The Secretary read the message, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I tran-imtthe copy of a dispatch from Governor Cumming
to the Secretary o: State, daied at Gioai Salt Lake Ciry, on
the 2d of' Mav, and teeeivod at the Depai tuient of State on
ye<terdu>. From this thi'ie is re.i-rm to behove that our
difficulties with the Territory of Utah have terminated,and
the rci-nt of th«« Constitution and the laws ha-! been restored.
1 eong.atulate you on tin- au>pieious event.
I loa * no tnne in connnuuicdtm; thi- information and in
exprovsmjz the opinion thai there will now be no occasion
to make any appropriation for the puipos-e of calling into
service the two leguuents of volunteers authonzed by the
act of Congress approved on the 7ih April last, For the
purpose of qudium disturb,uices in the Territory of Utah,
for the pioteetion of supply and emigrant trains, and the
hUpptession 01 Indian Inutilities on the frontiers."
I am the more matifi d at this satisfactory intelligence
fiom Utah, beeaiiM* it will nfloid some tefief to the Treas-
uiv at a time demanding ftom u^tlie mi ictftft economy, and
when the question which now ari^e-- upon every new ap-
ptopnanon is*, wh* ther it be of a chaiacter ^o impoitantand
urgent^ to biook no delay, and to ju^tiiy and icqunea
loan, and mo-t prohablv a tax upon the people to rai&e the
money necessary for it;- payment.
In repaid to the legmiem of volunteers authorized by the
same act of Congress to be called into service lor the de
tense of the funnier* ol Tex.ir> agan^t Indian hostilities, I
de^iie to leave tin-, quesiion to Ooneic^, observing at the
same tune that, in my opinion, this State can be defended
for lhe piesent fov the regular troops which have not yet
been withdiuwn tiomits limits.
J\ME3BUCHANAN.
Washington City, June 10, 1S5S.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the message be
pri/ted, and laid on the table.
Ayhe motion was agreed to.
REVENUE COLLECTION BILL.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. 11. No.
46<>) making appropriations for the expenses of
collecting the revenue from customs, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Wilson.
Mr. SIMMONS. The proposition ponding, f
understand, is to reduce the collection of the rev-
enue to $3,000,0.50; but I wish to inquire what is
the amount proposed by the original bill?
Mr. HUNTER. The original bill proposes
$4,000,000. The expenditure for the last fiscal
year was ^3,GOO,000. This year it is a little over
that.
Mr. SIMMONS. This is a very opportune
message when we are talking about reducing ex-
penses; for it is literally true that we make no
appropriation for anything luit salaries to officers
but what there is a loan attached to it. When
it comes to appropriations for officers, however,
there is, somehow or other, every time a necessity
for larger appropriations than ever. I cannot, for
my life, conceive why it should need more money
to collect revenue this year than last. I do not
suppose the Senator from Virginia believes that
the collections will be two thirds of what they
were last year.
Mr. HUNTER. I said when I was up before,
that if it was an appropriation for the next fiscal
year, I could see no reason why it should be
larger than last year. The estimate allowed some
margin, because it was designed to run through
a series of years—a permanent and indefinite ap-
propriation.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is the very reason I do
not want to give a margin if it is for a series of
years. I never knew an appropriation larger than
was needed being made, but what the expenses
would come up to it within a year or two. If we
made it $5,000,000 they would bring the expend-
itures up to it. There is no difficulty in bringing
up the expense, but there is every reason under
heaven to reduce these expenditures.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. SIMMONS. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. By deferringreformuntilnext
year, the Secretary will be able to suggest legis-
lation after taking all the measures by regulation
which are within his power, to reduce the ex-
penses. When that is done, we can revise the sys-
tem fully; but until that is done it will be unsafe
to reduce the appropriation for this service below
what has been actually expended, for we find the
expenditures growing, little by little, and they will
grow with the growth of the country.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to know what
risk we run. Suppose we suggest to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury that, in our judgment, the
expenses of collecting the revenue at its present
amount should not exceed $3,000,000 a year, and
he should come in next year with hi3 report say-
ing that, upon a careful investigation of the mat-
ter, he thinks he ought to have two or three hun-
dred thousand dollars more, what is the trouble?
Mr. HUNTER. There would be no trouble,
if Senators did not object to deficiency bills; but
then there will be the old argument against defi-
ciency bills.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection to a de-
ficiency bill where there is a proper estimate. My
objection is to passing things under the form of a
deficiency bill without an estimate, and putting in
$5,000,000 for the Utah war that I never believed
in my heart would take place. I thought it would
turn out just as it has. I have never known any
modern war about women; though there was one
some three or four thousand years ago that I have
read of; but I never had any idea that the Utah
war would amount to anything. That, however,
has nothing to do with this question.
I say I cannot perceive what ground a man can
take who every day here says he is for retrench-
ment, and that he will go with anybody to reduce
the expenditures, and yet invariably goes for the
highest appropriations asked—goes for every
item, particularly if it is for the support of offi-
cers. I do not understand that kind of logic. I
do not want to make appropriations so as to em-
barrass any Government. I think the appropri-
ations ought to be ample; but I can see no possi-
ble reason for increasing the expense of collecting
the revenue ten percent, when the revenues have
fallen olf one third. If we were not going to be
here again in six years, there might be some rea-
son for allowing a margin; but we shall be here in
six months more, and then not over five months
of the nextfiscal yearwiil have expired; and I do
not see any modesty in presenting deficiency bills
where they are really necessary. The truth is,
the deficiency bill which we passed at this ses-
sion, amounting to §9,000,000, was brought up
after only six months of the fiscal year had ex-
pired. They expended the appropriations for this
carrying trade—I do not know exactly what you
call it—in the first half of the year, and we sup-
plied them with the balance they wanted. We
can do it again. Nobody desires to embarrass
the Government, especially in the collection of the
revenue.
The Senator from California tells us that there
is a proposition to increase the fees of officers
there. 1 like California, and I am disposed to be
liberal towards every State and every department
of the Government; but I should like gentlemen
to read a bill that came here from California for
fitting up a court-house. I cannot undertake to
state it, it was so fabulous, but I think it was
something like seventy-five dollars apiece for
chairs. 1 never saw or heard of such a bill in all
my life before, and I think the chairman of the
Committee on Claims [Mr. Iverson] may per-
haps remember it better than I do.
Mr. BRODERICIC. The Senator from Rhode
Island will permit me to say a word. Notwith-
standing that extravagant price paid for every-
thing, there are one or two gentlemen who have
spent the winter here for the purpose of inducing
the Government to take a new building, one on
