790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
make the motion which I thought he would make,
to refer the bill to the Committee on Pensions. I
now make that motion; and I hope it will prevail.
That committee, as has been suggested, have had
under consideration a general bill tcf embrace all
such cases. They have not matured the bill be-
cause they have notbeen satisfied whether it would
be better to renew all such pensions for five years
or to make tfiem life pensions, as is the case of the
widows of Navy officers; but I do not intend to
commit myself to either of those propositions.
As to there being any peculiar merits in this
case, or any of tliem, I cannot see it; it is all a
pure gratuity. They have no claim whatever
upon the Government; and if I understand the
Senator from Georgia aright, this lady has already
enjoyed a pension for five years, which is more
than has been accorded to many other petitioners
before this body; and inasmuch as she has en-
joyed the bounty of the Government for five years,
she now comes and predicates upon tliat a claim,
as of right, to a continuance of this bounty.
One great objection I have to the whole pension
system is that there is no consistency, no sym-
metry, no form, no method about it. Jt is all a sys-
tem of pure favoritism. One person, perhaps less
meritorious than many others, who can secure the
support of some active friend in this body, and
who may djvert her petition from the proper com-
mittee to which it belongs, and carry it to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, or the Committee on
Military Affairs, may get a bill reported in her be-
half, and it may pass; while many others, which
are subjected to the severer scrutiny of the Com-
mittee on Pensions, are disappointed. I wish to
see some system preserved; I wish to see some
genera! legislation, instead of this continual pri-
vate legislation for individuals, adopted. If this
bill be referred to the Committee on Pensions, I
think it probable that a majority of them will re-
port some general bill which will embrace this
case. At all events, it should not be made an ex-
ception to the general rule of referring all such
bills and petitions to the Committee on Pensions.
I trust that reference will be given to it. I move
so to refer the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know who presented
this case; I do not know how it went to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; but it was taken up in
that committee, carefully considered, and the re-
port made, I think with the unanimous concur-
rence of the committee, as a justcase. It is here,
and I think legitimately here. I think it a good
case—a just one; and I see no reason why it should
be recommitted, and the bill lost, because Sen-
ators desire a general law. Let us pass this bill;
and let the Committee on Pensions report a gen-
eral bill, or make special reports in the several
cases. If they report a general bill, we shall give
it a fair consideration. It may or may not pass.
I doubt very much whether any such bill will pass
this body or the other House. If they report on
the special cases referred to them, I hope we shall
consider each and all those cases on their merits;
but it seems to me that no stronger case can be
brought before the Senate than the present one,
and I hope the Senate will pass it; and then that
the committee, at some future time, will report
the other special cases which are meritorious, or
report a general bill covering them all.
Mr. 1VERSON. I can see no reason why
this bill should be recommitted to the Committee
on Pensions. I do not see that the Committee on
Pensions can do itany more justice than has been
done to it by the Committee'on Military Affairs.
The Committee on Military Affairs have reported
ajI the facts in the ease, and they are before the
Senate.- The Committee on Pensions may have
more ability to elucidate the facts than the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I am willing to yield
them superior claims in this respect; but I rlo not
know that even with their superior ability, if they
have it, they can present the facts in a clearer
li«ht than has been done by the report of the
Committee on Military Affairs.
What is the object of referring it to the Com-
mittee on Pensions ? If the object is to let it stand
until a general bill is brought in, that object can
be accomplished by simply laying this bill on the
table for the present, or postponing it until the
Committee on Pensions introduce a general bill.
If the object be to investigate the facts to enlighten
•the Senate more than it is already enlightened, I
shall object to that, besause I do not think it is
in the power of the committee to do it; and I
think it would be a useless waste of time.
The' Senator from Alabama has somewhat re-
buked the Committee on Military Affairs, and
other gentlemen have done the same thing, for
taking jurisdiction of this case. The fact is, that
jurisdiction was imposed on the committee by the
Senate. But let us see how far the Committee on
Pensions is itself entitled to be exempt from re-
buke. I have before me a petition relating to the
claim of Robert Dixon, of the Kentucky volun-
teers,for an increase of pension. We should sup-
pose that that properly belonged to the jurisdic-
tion of the Committee on Pensions. It is an ap-
plication for an increase of the pension of a Ken-
tucky volunteer, precisely the same as the bill
under consideration. What was done with that
petition ? It is very extraordinary that this Com-
mittee on Pensions, which wants to draw within
its jurisdiction all these cases, should have acted
as they did in this case. I find this entry on the
petition:
" 1857. December 22.—Referred to the Committeon Pen-
sions, with bill S. No. 23.
" 1858. January 25.—Committee on Pensions discharged,
and the case referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia."
You refer these cases to the Committee on Pen-
sions and they will not take jurisdiction, but come
back and ask the Senate to be discharged from
their consideration, and that they be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs; and now they
rebuke the Military Committee, because they have
taken jurisdiction, under an order of the Senate,
of a bill granting a pension to a widow. I hope
the motion will not be sustained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
to refer the bill to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STUART. I fear we shall be without a
quorum. I ask for the yeas and nays, so that
we may know whether there is a quorum here.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 13, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Itiggs, Bigler, Clay, Collamer, Evans,
Fessenden, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, King, P ugh
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wright—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bright, Broderielt, Brown, Chand-
ler, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttlo, Duikoe, Foot, Foster,
Hamhn, Harlan, Houston, ivnrson, Mason, Poarce. Polk,
Seward, Simmons, Shdell, Stuart,Wade, and Wilson—24.
So the motion to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Pensions was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires the
unanimous consent of the Senate to have the bill
read the third time to-day.
Mr, CLAY. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
! go over.
GEORGE A. O'BRIEN.
The bill (S. No. 92) for the relief of George A.
O'Brien was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Itprovides for the paymentof $549 33 to George
A. O'Brien, for his services as clerk in the office
of the Second Auditor, from the 5th of July, X845,
to the 3d of March, 1846.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; was read the third time, and passed.
NAHUM WARD.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
on the Calendar is the bill (S. No. 94) for the re-
lief of Major Benjamin Alvord.
Mr. I PERSON. I see on the Calendar, be-
fore that, an adverse report by the Committee on
Claims, on one of the cases from the Court of
Claims—that of Nahum Ward. I ask that that
case be considered, and the judgment of the Sen-
ate taken on it. The law establishing the Court
of Claims requires that all the bills reported by it
shall go on the docket, and remain there until dis-
posed of. This bill was reported by the Court of
Claims for the relief of this individual; but the
Committee on Claims have made an adverse re-
port. I desire that that adverse report shall be
considered by the Senate, and passed upon. In
order to do that, at the suggestion of the Senator
from Michigan, I move that the bill be indefinitely
postponed.
Mr. MASON. What is the bill ?
Mr. IVERSON. The bill for the relief of Na-
hum Ward.
Mr. PUGH. Let us hear the bill. What is it?
The Secretary read the bill (S. No. 93) for the
relief of Nahum Ward.
It provides for paying to Nahum Ward, of Ma-
rietta, Ohio, the sum of $67,678 27, in full for that
amount due on forty-three loan office certificates
of the United States, dated December 23, 1777.
Mr.PTJGH. I have never looked into the bill,
and know nothing about it; but a constituent of
mine has desired me to look into it, and if there be
no objection, I ask that the bill may lie over. I
have not had an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. IYERSON. I withdraw my motion to
postpone indefinitely.
Mr. PUGH. I move that it be postponed until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MAJOR BENJAMIN ALVORD.
The bill (S. No. 94) for the relief of Major Ben-
jamin Alvord, paymaster United States Army,
was read a second time, and considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It will be a direction to the Secretary of War to
ascertain and pay the value of the property lost
by Major Benjamin Alvord, paymaster in the
United States Army, who was on board the steam-
ship Southerner, on the 27th of December, 1854,
when she was wrecked near Cape Flaftery, in
Washington Territory; but no allowance is to be
made for any property except such as was neces-
sary and proper for, and is usually carried by,
such officers while on such voyages, and ordered
on distant service.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading; was read the
third time, and passed.
CREEK DEPREDATIONS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 26) to provide for the examination and pay-
ment of certain claims of citizens of Georgia and
Alabama, on account of losses sustained by depre-
dations of the Creek Indians. *
Mr. STUART. I suppose it is of no use to
consider that bill to-day.
Mr. CLAY. Do you notcallthataprivatebiil?
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone it until
to-morrow. Let us consider those bills which are
not contested.
The motion was agreed to.
DEMPSEY PITTMAN.
The bill (S. No. 95) explanatory of an act enti-
tled " An act for the relief of Dempsey Pittman,"
approved August 16,1856, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the act of August 16,1856, shall
be so construed as to direct the Secretary of War
to pay to Dempsey Pittman the compensation and
allowances of a colonel of infantry for five months,
in full consideration for his services in Florida in
1838.
Mr. KING. I should like to hear the report
in that case.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Weller on the 7th of February, 1857;
Tile Committee on Military Aifair.^. to whom was referred
the petition ol'i)empsGy Pi ttman, having had the same under
con-iderauon, report:
At the last session of Congress an act was passed (ap-
proved August 16,1856,) authorizing the Sccietary of War
'kto pay Dempsey Pittman such compensation and Allow-
ances as mav be found to be justly due him lor his military
services in Florida m the year 1838: Provided, That the
amount shall in no case pxeeed the pay of a colonni of in-
fantry for five months." The evidence then before the com-
mittee was satisfactory that the petitioner had served as a
colonel of infantry in Flomlain 1838. from May to Novem-
ber—live months or more. It is of record in the War De-
partment, that Dempary Pittman served as colonel of infan-
try during October, 1838, and the affidavit of Quartermaster
Thomas M. BnMi shows that the petitioner also served the
residue of the time for which he claims payment; that the
pay-rolls weie lost by him (the said Brush,) and also that
Pittman was never paid lor any period of his service. With
this proof hefoie the committee, and other testimony cor-
loboratmg it, the bill for the petitioner's relief was reported
to the Senate, and subsequently passed by both Houses of
Congress.
The petitioner states that, on the passage of said act, lie
applied for settlement and payment of lus accounts as a
colonel of infantry for five months, as provided for in the
act. The Second Auditoi of the Treasury, the proper ac-
counting officer in the premises, allowed and parsed his
account as such colonel from 20th May to 19th October,
1838—a period of five months; but the Secretary of War,
to whom this decision was inferred for confirmation, de-
cided that the petitioner was not entitled to pay and allow-
ances for any longer period than was shown by the evidence
in the War Department, viz: for the month of October,
1838. An appeal is therefore taken from the Secretary's
