1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
decision. The committee are aware that no legislation was
necessary to pay tl)Q one month's services as shown by the
rolls; and they intended, in passing the act referred to above,
to allow the petitioner the pay and allowances of a colonel
of infantiy for five months; and, having reexamined this
case, are fully satisfied with their former decision, and con-
sequently report an explanatory act as prayed for, and rec-
ommend its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; was read the third time, and passed.
SUSANNA T.LEA.
The bin (S. No. 96) for the relief of Susanna
T. Lea, widow and administratrix of James Ma-
glenen, late of the city of Baltimore, deceased,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to the legal representatives of James
Maglenen $130, being the value of a horse und
equipments belonging to him, which were im-
pressed in September, 1814, for the purpose of
sending an express to North Point, and lost in
that service.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
DEAF, DUMB, AND BLIND.
The bill (S. No. 99) to amend the " Act to in-
corporate the Columbia Institution forthe instruc-
tion of thp Deaf and Dumb and the Blind," ap-
proved February 16,1857, was read a second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that, in addition to the provision
made in the act of February 16, 1857, forthe main-
tenance and tuition of pupils m the institution,
the sum of $3,000 per annum, payable quarterly,
shall be allowed, for five years, for the payment
of salaries and incidental expenses of the institu-
tion; and the bill appropriates §3,000 for the pres-
ent fiscal year.
It is farther provided that the deaf and dumb
and the blind children of all persons in the mili-
tary and naval service of the United States, while
such persons are actually in the service, shall be
entitled to instruction in this institution on the
same terms as deaf and dumb and blind children
belonging to the District of Columbia. All re-
ceipts and disbursements under tins act are to be
reported to the Secretary of the Interior, as re-
quired in the sixth section of the act to which it
is an amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the bill be ordered to be engrossed?"
Mr. IVERSON. It is with some reluctance
that I make any opposition to this bill, and I do
not intend to make a speech on the subject; but
it appropriates money out of the Treasury for an
unconstitutional purpose. If it was a mere act of
incorporation, I should not object, but I do not
think Congress has the constitutional power to
appropriate money in this way. I wish to record
my vote against it, and I ask for the yeas and
nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 have the materials before
me in relation to this institution throughout, but
I do not think it nccessary to trouble the Senate
with them. The action of the Government, I
think, has very satisfactorily settled this matter
in relation to the insane. We have appropriated
several hundreds of thousands of dollars to create
an insane asylum in this District, and it wasfora
noble and benevolent purpose—one clearly within
our power. I voted for that with great pleasure,
and I shall vote for this upon the very same
grounds. The people of this District stand in
relation to Congress as the people of the States
do to their Legislatures; we exercise the same
power and control over them that the State Legis-
latures do over their people. I hope the bill will
pass. I shall not take up the time of the Senate.
The question being.taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Bayard, Bright, Broderiek, Brown,
Chandlei, Crittenden, Dixon,Doolittlc,Durkee, Fessenden,
Fitch, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, Jones, Ken-
nedy, Peaice,Seward,Simmons, Stuart, Thomson of New
Jetssey. Wade, Wilson, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Clay, Green, Iverson, King, Ma-
son, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, and Slidell—10.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time.
Mr. BIGGS. I should like to inquire from some
person familiar with this matter, whether this is
a private or public institution; whether it is under
the direction of the Government, or the direction
of private individuals?
Mr. HAMLIN. Private individuals.
Mr. BIGGS. And this is an appropriation of
money for the purpose of assisting private indi-
viduals, I understand, in carrying out the charity
of this institution.
The bill was passed.
ELIZABETH MONTGOMERY.
The bill (S. No. 30) for the relief of Elizabeth
Montgomery, heir of Hugh Montgomery, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It was
reported from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, with an amendment to add,
And that the said sum be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
So that the bill will read:
Be it enacted, fyc., That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay to Elizabeth Montgomery,
daughter and sole heir of Captain Hugh Montgomery, of the
ship Nancy, of Wilmington, m the State of Delaware, the
sum of $5,000, as a full compensation for his successful
efforts m saving the powder and munitions of war belonging
to the United States on board the said ship, and for his in-
terest in the value of the said ship, which he blew up to pre-
vent her and her cargo from falling into the hands, of the
enemy during the war of the Revolution; and that the said
sum be, and the same is hereby, appropuated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that that bill be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. BAYARD. I see no reason why it should
be postponed, unless some Senator desires to de-
bate it. It is a bill of extraordinary merit; the
services of the father of the party in whose favor
the bill is, were of an extraordinary character,
and, I think, if any Senator will read the details
of the testimony he will be perfectly satisfied that
the bill ought to have passed long ago. It was
reported at the last session.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have some recollection of
having examined it then, and I am not prepared
to vote for it. I prefer that it should go over.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
JOHN M'NIEL.
The bill (S. No. 100) releasing to the legal rep-
resentatives of John McNiel, deceased, the title
of the United States to a certain tract of land, was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It provides that the title of the United States
to island No. 4, of section nineteen, in township
seven north, of range five west, and the islets ad-
jacent thereto, situated in Michigan, shall be re-
leased to the legal representatives of John McNiel,
deceased, the island having been in the occupancy
of him, and of those from whom he purchased
it, since 1832; but this is not to be construed so
as to interfere with the rights of third parties.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed, read the third time, and passed.
BENEVOLENT CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 07) to incorporate the Benevolent
Christian Association of Washington City.
It provides that each of the Christian churches
in the city of Washington, without distinction of
sect or crced, may, on or before the last day of
August of each and every year, appoint one per-
son, and that the person so appointed, and their
successors, shall be a body-politic and corporate,
under the name and style of " The Benevolent
Christian Association of Washington City," with
the usual powers incident to a corporation. The
! purpose of the association is to relieve the wants
' of the suffering poor.
The Committee on the District of Columbia re-
ported an amendment providing that the corpo-
ration should not hold property of more than
two hundred thousand dollars in value, and also
proposed the following additional sections:
Sec. 3. JJndbe it further enacted, That nothing in this
act shall be so construed as to authorize the said corpora-
tion to issue any note, token, device, scrip, or any other
evidence of debt, to be used as a currency.
Sec. 4. Jlndbeitfurther enacted, That each of the cor-
porators m said corpoiauon shall be hel4 habie, in his indi-
vidual capacity, for all the debts and liabilities of said coi-
porauon, however contracted or incurred, to be recovered
by suit, as other debts or liability, before any court of com-
petent junsdiction.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That Congress may,
at any time hereafter, alter, amend, or repeal the foregoing
act.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole, were concurred in. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read a third time, and passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise for the purpose of
making a statement which, I presume, is to be re-
farded as in the nature of a personal explanation.
notice, in the official journal of yesterday, a
publication signed (< Texas," in regard to which
1 have a few words to say. My political and per-
sonal character is open to animadversion by any-
body; but of my official acts I have a particular
care.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Texas asks the consent of the Senate that
he may proceed to make some remarks on the
subject indicated by him. This requires the unan-
imous consent of the Senate. If no objection be
made, the Senator will proceed with his remarks.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. On Monday last I presented
joint resolutions adopted by the Legislature of
Texas duringthe past month. For the better un-
derstanding of the remarks which I have to make,
I will read the resolutions:
"Section 1. Beit resolved by the Legislature of the State
of Texas, That whereas, divers charges have been mado
against John C. Watrous, distiict judge of the United States
for the eastern district of Texas, before the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States, wuh a view to his im-
peachment, and a committee of said House have reported
the following resolution : i Resolved, That John C. Wat-
rous United States district judge for the district of Texas,
be impeached of high crimes and misdemeanors and it
is required for the honor of the State of Texas, and is due to
the accused, that all of said charges be promptly and fully
investigated and finally acted upon: that without intending
to express any opinion as to the guiltor innocence of Judge .
John C. Watrous, the representatives in Congress from this
State are hereby requested to take such steps as may be
necessary to cause a full investigation to be made by the
House of Representatives of the United States, during the
present session, of all the charges that have been made
agamst said John O. Watrous, and to use their best exer-
tions to cause definite action to be taken thereon.
"Sec. 2. Be it further resolved, That the Governor is
hereby requested to forward to each of the Senators and
Representatives in Congress from this State, and..also to
said John C. Watrous, a certified copy of this joint resolu-
tion.
These resolutions having been transmitted to
me, in pursuance of the direction contained in
them, I presented them to the Senate. I made no
remarks upon them; I presented them in the ordi-
nary course of business. Unless it was intended
that I should make some disposition of them,
there was certainly no use in sending them to me;
and the only course left for me was to submit
them to the Senate. I did so, without expressing
any opinion, or giving any intimation, as to the
guilt or innocence of the accused. The article in
the official paper, to which I have alluded, says:
c< In presenting these resolutionsin the Senate, Mr. Hous-
ton must have misapprehended their purport. Under the
Constitution, the Senate is the body to try an impeachment
when one is preferred by the House of Representatives."
That I was fully aware of.
" In this instance, the Legislature of Texas didnot instruct
their Senator to seek to have the charges against Judge
Watrous investigated, or to do anything else inconsistent
with the delicacy of his position as the contingent judicial
trier of the accused."
Did I do anything (^rogatory to my position,
as one of the triers of the accused, in simply dis-
charging the duty of presenting the resolutions to
the Senate of the United States, without express-
ing any opinion as to his guilt or innocence? I
think not. The article continues:
"Tliey requested their Representatives in Congress to
use their exertions to have these accusations investigated
during the present session,( without intending to express
any opinion as to the guilt or innocence of Judge J. C. Wat-
rous,5 in the very words of their resolutions."
I cannot see that it was necessary to call in
question, and bring before the notice of the pub-
he, an act performed by me, in the discharge of
my official duty in this body, as if I had done any-
thing that could prejudice the individual to whom
the resolutions refer. I think I acted with propri-
ety and with delicacy. The subject is an important
one, and the people of Texas desire to have it de-
termined. I know not that this officer has been
guilty of any offense, nor have I charged him with
any; but the subject has causcd excitement and
