1878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
by Congress as a State, had this instrument any
vitality or validity whatever? I would infer from
the argument of the honorable Senatorfrom Mis-
souri,"that he thought it had. On looking over
his speech this morning to see whether I under-
stood him correctly the other day, I find that he
contends that the constitution formed a State gov-
ernment, and that whether it be admitted now or
not, there is a State government formed in Kan-
sas; and if I were to give a strict construction to
other parts of his argument, it never could be
altered at all, except in the exercise of the sov-
ereignty belonging to the people of a State, after
their admission into the Union.
According to the true doctrine upon this sub-
ject, although this constitution was regularly and
fairly formed under an act of the Territorial Le-
gislature, it had no validity, no vitality, until the
Territory was admitted into the Union asa State;
and what follows from that? That the people
of the Territory might change it, abolish it, and
frame a new constitution, when and as often as
they pleased, before their admission into the
"Union as a State, in the same legal forms, and the
same fairness that the Lecompton constitution was
formed, supposing that one had been fairly and
legally formed? They were not prevented from
doing that in the exercise of theirsovereigntyover
the whole question, until they were actually ad-
mitted into the Union as a State. I predicated
my course in opposition to the Senate bill mainly
on the ground that the Territorial Legislature had
passed an act, about the validity of which there
could be no question, calling the people to vote
upon the Lecompton constitution, and to say
•whether it should be their constitution, and im-
plying, of course, that they were to say whether
they would ask admission into the Union under it,
and thatthevote was taken with fairness—which
has never been seriously questioned by anyone—
and that a majority of ten thousand declared
against it.
Now, according to the constitutional doctiines
and principles contended for bv the moat expe-
rienced and able advocates of this measure, was
the Lecompton constitution, any longer, after that
vote, one of which it could be said that itwas the
constitution under which the people of Kansas
now asked admission into the Union? Some of
the advocates of the measure admitted that this
constitution had no validity until it was accepted
by Congress, and the Territory admitted into the
Union as a State; but most of them forbore to say
anything on the subject. The honorable Senator
from Virginia, I think—certainly the honorable
Senator from Missouri, the organ of the Commit-
tee on Territories—asserted the proposition that
we had no right to approve or disapprove the con-
stitution; that it was not for us to say whether
we adopt it or not, (which is strictly true;) that
we could only look to see whether it be republi-
can or not; that beyond that we had no control;
that the constitution was framed by and for the
people of Kaunas, not for the approval of Con-
gress.
Well, sir, according to those doctrines, how
came the Lecompton const itntumherc0 It was pre-
sented , it is said, by John Calhoun, the president
of the Lecompton convention, because he was
invested with that authority by that convention,
did that deprive the people of Kansas of all powt r
over the constitution? Suppose this question
should lay over five years, as the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri says a constitution framed in
Florida once did: could" the people of Kansas make
no new constitution in the mean time ? Could
they make no changes of it ? Could not they re-
pudiate this instrument? Could they not, if there
was time allowed them, in the same legal form,
through the act of the Territorial Legislature,
make half a dozen constitutions if they chose—
becoming discontented with one and another as
they made them, and only present the last one
,that they approved when they applied to Con-
gress tor admission? Sutely they could.
I have contended that there is now no constitu-
tion here presented by the people of Kansas. I
do not say that under the powers we have under
the Constitution of the United States, we cannot
admit Kansas without any constitution. We could
do po if we thought proper; there is nothing in
the Constitution of the United States to prohibit
it The proposition I state is, that the constitu-
tion which is alleged by the advocates of this
measure, and in the report of the committee of
conference, to be the constitution of Kansas, has
been repudiated and rejected in the same legal
forms by the people of Kansas, and with the same
fairness in and with which it was originally formed.
I say with greater fairness. 1 am admitting that
everything was done fairly and legally in the
formation of the Lccompton constitution; and I
say, that just as fairly, and just as legally, under
the act of the Territorial Legislature, the people
of Kansas have rejected that constitution, and said
they will not stand by it; that it does not reflect
their will; and that whether it did or not when it
was formed, they have changed their opinion; it
is not their constitution now.
How gentlemen of constitutional learning, able
and skillful as they are, on the otlrer side of the
Chamber, have ever recognized this as the con-
stitution of the people of Kansas, according to
their own doctrines, I have not been able to com-
prehend; for the able Senator from South Caro-
lina and others—though I know a good many
have evaded the question altogether—have admit-
ted that this constitution had no more validity
than the paper on which it was written, until
Congress admitted the State into the Union; and,
according to the true, strict, constitutional doc-
trine, as I contend—and it is according to the ar-
gument of the honorable Senator from Missouri",
if not of the honorable Senator from Virginia—
you have no right to say to the people of Kansas,
when you come in this or that shall be your con-
stitution. To bo sure, the Senator fiom Virginia
said we ought to see that she has a republican
form of government; but I shall come to that di-
rectly.
These are the main grounds on which I could
not yield my assent to the proposition made by
the President, and adopted by his supporteis in
the two Houses of Congress, to admit Kansas
under this constitution.
I have stated that subsidiary to the views which
led me to take the course 1 did upon the original
bill, I looked into the evidence, so far as it was
at hand, and so far ns I could procure it, to see
whether the allegations of fraud arid irregularity
had any foundation in truth; for I had heard them
repeatedly denied and as repeatedly reasserted. I
looked into them myself. I know honorable Sen-
ators on the other side did not pay much atten-
tion to that point; and i allude to it now, more
particularly to the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Hammond,] because he was more
emphatic m his statement.-? upon this part of the
subject than others. He said that he knew enough
already about the history of Kansas affairs not
to desire to know any more. [-Je shut his eyes will-
fully to the facts of the case; he abstained from
any investigation. Seemingly to me he feared,
as he did not wish to separate from his friends,
that, as an honorable man, if he should examine
the allegations that had been made of fraud and
irregularity against the formation of the Lecomp-
ton constitution, and the mode of getting it here,
he could not give it his support. Others, I dare
say, have taken the same position; but they all
'! take shelter under the principle, as they call it,
i that they cannot look behind the constitution;
'! that these fiauds are matters of prevention and
!i suppression by tiie territonal authorities; that
;! they cannot look into them; that they can look
'! only to the paper said to be sent here by the peo-
j pie of Kansas. As the honorable Senator from
.! Georgia [Mr. Toombs] said to-day, they trample
i under foot all questions of fraud or it regularities
that may have been committed. That was his
i: language to-day: and they did trample them under
, j foot.
j The gentlemen on the other side, though, felt
| themselves protected from the necessity oflooking
i into the frauds, and, of course, hold themselves
1' irresponsible to the country, and to their own con-
sciences,for theenormity of the frauds and irreg-
j ularities that may have been practiced m connec-
'; tion with the Lecompton constitution. That is a
j happy condition to be in. I should like to oc-
| cupy it in many cases, if I thought it was really
fit to be assumed and occupied; and I do not say
.! these gentlemen took that position for that pur-
| pose. They go upon the ground that this being
! presented, as they say, with all due legal forms,
j and having been framed, according to the prin-
'' ciplcs they adopt, they can look no further; that
1 everything beyond that is foreign to the issue.
I have thus stated the grounds of principle and
of fact on which I opposed the original bill; but
I opposed it for yet another reason. Instead of
bringing peace to the country, by adopting that
bill and enforcing that constitution on the people,
the probability was, in my judgment, that a civil
war might, or would, probably' follow; that it
would give no peace. As to the idea of " local-'
izing"the agitation upon this subject in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, I think that has been proved by
experience, too long, too fatal an experience, to be
too absurd and preposterous to think of. Then,
consistently, with the original object which I pro-
posed to myself as my guide m regulating my
action on this subject, I was bound to go against
the bill.
The question is now presented, Mr. President,
in a new shape; and when I camc to look at it, it
required,as I thought, to be considered more care-
fully than I had first supposed. I allude, of course,
to the question presented by the report of the com-
mittee of conference. I had to consider whether
this, after all, was not in conformity with the main
object which I had in view in forming my opin-
ion in reference to the original project of the Pres-
ident; whether it did not open a 'mode by which
this question could be settled; not only a truce
given, or a lull, because I consider that of little
value, but whether a mode was not provided by
this report by which this question, in some short
time, some reasonable time, at all events, might
be put at rest.
Now, Mr. President, I lay very little stress on
the charge which has been made as to the bribe
which is held out, by putting the question to the
people upon the ordinance instead of the consti-
tution; or on the fact, if it be so, that the consti-
tution is not to be submitted to the people of Kan-
sas by this project of the committee of confeience.
1 should lay but little stress on that, if the other
provisions of the report of the committee were
such as promised to secure the accomplishment
of my original object and purpose in taking my
course upon this subject.
I do not consider that there is much in the ar-
gument as to the bribe—the offer of these lands—
though the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] has stated some things that would
make it an object. There may not be many val-
uable lands left there in a year or two; and it might
be some temptation to get these lands for the pur-
poses of education and internal improvements, and
the otherobjccts proposed to be subserved by these
grants, now while there is a very large portion of
fertile lands to be obtained. Hut as the quantity
offered to them is not more than Congress at all
times would be willing to concede to them when-
ever they may be admitted into the Union, and,
I believe, the same quantity that was conceded to
Minnesota, that u bribe" 1 cannot consider to be
one of very great influence, whatever may have
been expected from it.
Next, us to the question whether the measure,
as now presented, is any material modification of
the original bill, in respect to the question of sub-
mitting the Lecompton constitution to a vote of
the people. Whether there is, m the language of
the day, any backing down on the part of the sup-
porters of the original Senate bill, i do not pretend
to say. I cannot say there is any modification
of the original bill in this respect, which can be
charged as an unequivocal change of the ground
originally assumed on this point by the friends of
this measure, though I think the circumstances
are very strong to show that they are willing to
waive their original policy of fastening this con-
stitution on the people of Kansas. I will not
quarrel with them on that point, or press the ques-
tion of consistency or inconsistency upon them.
The honorable Senator from Virginia was very
earnest and very positive in his statement that
there was no change of principle; that there is no
inconsistency between the present offer in regard
to the submission of this constitution to the peo-
ple of Kansas, and the one which was proposed
m the original bill. I would not quarrel with him
about that. If this bill had been framed, in other
respects, m such manner as to give a close to this
unfortunate and unhappy controversy, I should
not stop a moment to inquire whether the friends
of this measure can maintain successfully that
there is no inconsistency, no change of principle,
between this proposition and that which origin-
ally passed the Senate. I should with pleasure
