1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
KM
Stokely received, in his lifetime, from the Gov-
ernment of the United States, all he was entitled
to for his services in the revolutionary army, and
that he never was entitled to commutation pay by
reason of his continuance in'the army, because
of becoming a supernumerary officer.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to interpose an objection
to the gentleman's line of remark, and Idoitupon
the ground that he is making the most potent ar-
gument which can possibly be made against the
claim, while it is not in order to do so upon this
motion of reference, or in order for me to advocate
it, as I desire to do. I therefore hope the gentle-
man will not oppose it now, or enter into a dis-
cussion of its merits.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Iowa
ought to be aware that, if I pleased to do so,
it is entirely competent for me to make an argu-
ment against the claim, and to move that the
committee concur in the adverse report of the
Court of Claims. But I am not disposed to do
so, for I have intimated already, with, I think, be-
coming modesty, that the present Committee of
Claims may possibly differ in their conclusions
from those arrived at by the committee of which
I was a member some eight years ago. But I
state these facts, because it has been alleged on
all hands that this was a meritorious claim, to
which no other objection was made than that it
was barred by the statute of limitations. I do not
even wish to have my report on that occasion
read to the committee; but I deem it proper (if I
had not so deemed, I would not have said what
I have said) that I, who am, perhaps, the only
member of this House cognizant of the fact,
should state to the committee that this is not a
case presented for the first time, or a case rejected
simply because of the lapse of time, but one which
has already received a deliberate examination by
a committee of this body.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Virginia a question. I ask him whether he
does not know that this claim has been twice re-
ported on favorably by this same Committee of
Claims of two successive Congresses?
Mr. MILLSON. I do not know the fact, but
I am certainly not disposed to question the accu-
racy of the gentleman's statement.
Mr. COX. When I was on the floor a while
ago, I raised a question of order, whether or not,
after a claim has been reported upon adversely
by the Couit of Claims, and placed upon the
Calendar under the law constituting that court,
it can be again referred to a committee of the
House, to be again reported upon ? I do not know
whether that question has ever yet been decided
in the House. Perhaps it has been. Perhapsthe
Chair can inform me whether it has been or not;
for it is of some importance to the committee to
know whether or not claims, which have been
passed upon by a court constituted by Congress
for this purpose, are again to be thrown into the
House, and again to be thrown into the commit-
tees; whether the committees are to be choked
up with business of this character, so that it will
be utterly impossible for them to attend to the
ordinary business of the country in the House?
I should like to know whether or not this question
has ever been decided. I do not want to raise a
question of order captiously, but I raise this ques-
tion for the purpose of saving the committees from
extra labor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware
that the question has been ever decided. He
thinks it has not been.
Mr COX. Then I present the question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] raises the question of order, that the
motion now before the committee is not in order
under the rules and the law. The Chair overrules
the point of order, because the law and the rules
of the House evidently contemplate the power
on the part of the House to reexamine the decis-
ion of the court. There is nothing in the rules,
so far as the Chair understands them, to prevent j
such reports being referred to committees.
Mr. COX. All that I have to say in conclu-
sion is simply this: that, so far as I am concerned,
as a member of this Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, to which itis proposed to refer this case,
I will never sanction the course of reexamining
claims that have been adjudicated upon on proper
legal evidence, with the statute of limitations, too,
operating on that evidence. I think that the rule
applied to private persons in courts of justice
should be applied with more force and cogency
to claims brought against the Government. It
may be dishonest for a man who knows that he
owes a just debt to plead the statute of limita-
tions; but the Government, in these ex parte cases,
should set up some limit to these claims that are
vamped up, and revamped up, year after year. It
has appeared, in the course of this discussion, that
this case has been carefully examined by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] and yet
we are to have it here again. We are to go over
the same thing; and if any defects are found in
the claim,evidence ma'y be supplied,and the com-
mittee will have to go over the same old work, so
that there will be no end to the labors of the com-
mittees.
I, for one, will say, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, that we have al-
ready enough to do in examining these claims, so
musty, so stale, and so worthless, and can hardly
attend to our ordinary business in the House. I
think that the statute of limitations should be ap-
plied; and I know that I speak the sentiments of
other members of that committee, who will rigidly
apply that rule if this claim be referred to them.
Mr. COVODE. If the statute of limitations is
to be applied, I have only to say that I am per-
fectly satisfied that it should be applied in this
case, and carried out for all future time. That is
what I want to get at. The claimant is not a
fiiend of mine; he is a political opponentof mine.
But I am ready to meet the question, and let the
decision of the committee be persisted in.
Mr. MAYNARD. This matter turns on the
law organizing the Court of Claims. By an ex-
amination of that statute, it will be seen that the
practice of that court is, m the first place, to have
presented to it the facts of the case, in the form
of a petition, which is to be considered by the
court, and, for the purpose of that consideration,
is to be taken as true. If, on the facts disclosed
in the petition, the court decides that the claimant
is entitled to relief, it directs that the testimony
be taken to establish the facts. If, however, on
examining the_ petition itself, as on a demurrer
to a bill in chancery, the Court of Claims con-
sider that the petitioner is entitled to no relief,
then an adverse report is made on the case, and
referred to this House. The fourth section of the
statute prescribes the proceedings which are then
to be taken. It is as follows:
" In all cases where it shall appear to the court that the
facts set foith in the petition of the claimant do not fttrmsli
any ground for relief, it shall not be the duty of the court to
authorize the taking of any testimony in the case until the
same shall be reported by them to Congress,as is hereinaller
pi ovided: Prortied, however, That, if Congress shall m such
ease tail to confitm the opinion ot said hoaid, tliey shall
proceed to take testimony in such case."
I understand that in the case now before us—
the facts in the petition being taken as true—the
court held that the petitioner is entitled to no re-
lief, solely and simply on the ground that his
claim is barred by the effect of time, the statute
of limitations—the staleness of his case, or what-
ever term you please to use to designate the neg-
lect to file "it at the Treasury prior to May, 1794.
And the only question now presented for the com-
mittee to decide—sitting as a revising tribunal,
passing on the correctness of the decision made
by the Court of Claims—is, whether this claim
shall be so barred ? And, sir, I must dissen t most
seriously from the position taken by the honor-
able gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] While I
am honored with a seat on this floor, I shall never,
with my present views of duty, be found turning
from this Hall an old revolutionary soldier, or his
widow, or his child, because their claim is barred
by the lapse of time, when, in all probability,
they have been here from the very foundation of
the Government, soliciting their just right—aright
which ought to have been admitted and liquidated
years ago.
This is a question of importance, affecting not
merely the interest of this individual claimant,
but establishing a general principle of action
which is to affect the whole class of demands
against the Government that come up from this
deep recess of times long gone by. I think it
one that we ought to consider carefully and de-
liberately before we determine it; and in order to
do that, I think, with the gentleman who made
the motion now before us, that this case should
be referred to the appropriate committee; either
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, or to
the Committee on Claims. Being a member of
one of those committees, I shall not make even a
suggestion as to which it should be referred.
Let the committee examine it upon the facts di's- .
closed in the record, and report to the House-.
Upon their report, as printed, we can determine
*hat action we ought to take. Prom the limited
knowledge of the claims presented against our
Government which I have gained in the last three
months as a member of the Committee of Claims,
I must be permitted to say that many of them are
of the most frivolous character; but that should
not deter us from considering and allowing those
which are well founded and just.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I did not intend
to occupy the time of the House on this or any
other matter to-day. Nor should I now have risen
had it not been for the remarks of the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] As a member
of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, I deem
it my duty to repudiate the doctrines advanced by
him as the chairman of that committee. The plea
of the statute of limitations has never been favored
in the courts of law. It is looked upon in a very
unfavorable light, if not characterized as a dis-
honorable plea. In this case perhaps there may
be more excuse; but so long as the Government
is able to pay its just debts, and more especially
the debts which it owes to our revolutionary sires,
so long should they be paid without reference to
the time they have remained unpaid. Whatever
the chairman of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims may think on the subject, or whatever
principle he may adopt, I, as a member of that
committee, will never allow the plea of the statute
of limitations to interpose so far as any action of
mine is concerned. Sir, these debts are of the
most sacred character. So long as we feel pride in
the institutions of our country, so long as we feel
honored in defending those institutions, so long
as we look back to our revolutionary sires with
pride, so long as we cherish their memory, so long
should we be willing to render them some return
at least for the many sacrifices which they made
in achieving our liberties, and establishing our
free institutions. I believe that it is the duty of
patriotism—a duty too long neglected by Con-
gress, and by the country—to provide for the pay-
ment of the debts due our revolutionary fathers;
and to see to it, that this injustice to them should
not be longer continued.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Itakeitforgranted
that the gentleman assumes all the claims pre-
sented to be for just debts.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I am compelled
to take it for granted, because I presume that our
revolutionary sires and their descendants, being
patriots, are just in making their claims; and I
presume further, that no person will present a
claim for a debt due by the Government that has
not, at least, some justice in it.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Upon whatground
is the statute of limitations predicated?
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. The statute of
limitations, if I understand it, is predicated upon
the fact, that after a certain period of time, evi-
dence could not be had; from a rule of evidence,
that lapse of time prevented a fair investigation
of claims.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Will the gentle-
man permit me to tell him what I understand to
be the ground for the statute of limitations?
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I shall be happy
to hear the gentleman ?
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Either that the
debt at its inception wa.s not just, or, if just, that
it has been paid; and it is predicated on the nature
of man, and his proneness to look after his rights.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. That may have
been one reason. But, I do not desire to detain
the House. In my opinion, the business before
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims is not so
onerous as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox]
supposes. I am satisfied that, as members of that
committee, we could transact our business in one
tenth of the time, if we would only give our atten-
tion to tliatbusiness, and if members would attend
the meetings of the committee, and not absent
themselves on other business—attending, prob-
ably, to Kansas, or some other exciting political
topic, to the neglect of just private claims, which
we, as an honorable nation, ought to pay.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me a
