796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Single word ? I merely •wish to correct him in
relation to one matter. 1 will say that if the gen-
tleman had been more punctual himself in his
attendance on the meetings of the committee, he
would' have known more as to the amount of
business to be transacted. I believe that I have
missed but one meeting of the committee, and the
gentleman has missed at least half a dozen.
Mr. DAWES. As the members of the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims are defining their
positions, I desire to say a word. I do not un-
derstand the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] to
say that the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
has come to any such conclusion as he has an-
nounced, as to what effect shall be given to the
statute of limitations, or that the matter itself lias
been before the committeeatall; but I understand
him to express his opinion as an individual, and
to assume to speak for some other members of
the committee. To what particular members of
the committee he alluded, I do not know.
Mr. COX. I will tell the gentleman; I alluded
to the gentleman from Georgia and the gentleman
from Alabama.
Mr. DAWES. I presume those gentlemen will
Speak for themselves.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a question
of order. I wish to make the question of order
that this debate has wandered entirely from the
question of reference under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules that the character or
conduct of committees is not in issue before the
committee.
Mr. CHAPPEE. The other members of the
committee have been filing caveats here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware that
' a good deal of irrelevant discussion has been in-
dulged m; but he has sustained an objection when-
ever it has been raised.
Mr. DAWES. I understand it tovhavebeen
Urged in this committee a^n reason why this bill
should not be referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, that some members of that
committee are disposed to enforce the statute of
limitations, and therefore 1 think it is in order for
me, as a member of that committee, to say that if
a just demand were presented againstme, I should
be ashamed to plead the statute of limitations in
bar of it; and I should be just as much ashamed
to setup the statuteof limitations in bar of a just
claim against the United States.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have but a few
words to address to the committee on this sub-
ject. I presume that 1 am entitled to discuss the
question before the committee. It is simply a
question of reference whether the report now
before the committee shall be reported to the
House for reference to the Committee of Claims,
or whether we are now prepared by the material
which we have before us upon the Clerk's desk to
discuss and decide the entire question. 1 am of
the opinion that, under the law and the rules we
have made for ourselves, how is the time, and that
we are amply prepared—quite as much so as we
ever shall be—to dispose of the point whether the
statute of linutntions shall run against a claim
which, in all other respects, has been pronounced
by the committee of this House, and thp Court
of Claims, to be a just one. It is to that point that
I will direct the attention of the committee for a
few moments. We have established by law a
Court of Claims. The duty of this Court of Claims
is to report to this House these claims, together
with the evidence submitted to them, and upon
which they have passed. Not only arc they to
submit the reasons for their decision and their re-
port, but, in addition, are to submit the briefs of
the solicitor and of the counsel for the claimant.
They present their logical reasons upon which
they base their decision. What more can you
procure from the Committee of Claims ? Can you
procure as much ? Are they constituted with ref-
erence to judicial examination?
Mr. COVODE. I must say to the gentleman
from New York that the Court of Claims has not
sent in these reports, as he says that it is their
duty to do. They refer to other cases in which
the statute of limitations was made to run against
the claimants, and decide upon that without send-
ing in the other papers.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If they have sent
no papers here, then they have decided within
the purview of the law. The case does not re-
quire, for its elucidation and the purposes of jus-
tice, that any papers should be sent. In fact, it
may be that there are no papers. The question
arises, whether, having a report from a judicial
committee—a committee authorized by law, and
not simply under the rules of the House—a report
declaring, over the signatures of the court, that
there is no reason or foundation for this claim,
because ofthe running of the statute of limitations
against it—the question is, I repeat, whether that
decision is proper or not? If you send it to
another committee, and to another committee after
that, and so on for a series of Congresses, you
will never have arrived at a point in your inquiry
where you will be more capable of determining
the fact whether the statute of limitations should
run against this claim, than the present time. I
put it to the committee, whether they are not pre-
pared, at this time, to pass on this question in the
negative, that this case shall not be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims ?
Mr. ADRAIN. Mr. Chairman, quite an in-
teresting discussion has arisen here this morning.
An old revolutionary soldier presents his claim.
It is a claim which touches every patriotic heart.
It is a claim which Ought not to be thrown lightly
aside. It is a claim which ought to be considered
calmly, dispassionately, and patriotically; and the
question comes up here this morning, whether we
are to refer his petition to another committee, or
whether we are to reject his petition, and to ac-
cede to a report which has been made by the Court
of Claims adverse to the claim ? Mr. Chairman,
I know nothing about the facts of the case. I do
not know the old petitioner; but it is stated here,
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mont-
gomery,] that this claim is a just one; that there
is no just ground against it, except what is set up
by the statute of limitations. I presume the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, when he made the
statement, made it after an investigation of the
case. But the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill-
son] has said that there is no merit in the claim.
Whether that is so or-not, I cannot determine; but
the fact that he states that there is no merit in it,
and the fact that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
states that there is, and the further fact that the
only objection is the statute of limitations, throw
doubt upon the question. I am not ready to de-
cide on the point now. It shows, then, the ne-
cessity that this matter should be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] the
chairman of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, asks why is his committee to be cloggcd
up with these old stale claims ? Yes, sir, his com-
mittee ought to bp clogged up, He ought to in-
vestigate every claim, I care not how old it is,
if it be the claim of an old revolutionary soldier
who has fought, and was ready to die, in the ser-
vice of his country. I do not suppose,when this
matter is referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, or any other committee, that it
will be reported except upon the true state of the
facts in the case. If this old gentleman is not
entitled to his claim, it will not be admitted. I
understand that there have been but five eases
reported to this House from the Committee of
Claims, showing that there is no disposition on
the part of that committee to report in favor of
any claim unless it be just and honest.
1 do not wish to occupy the time of this House
further than this; we must recollect that our old
revolutionary soldiers are fast passing away from
the stage of action. There are but few of them
remaining with us; but while they do remain,
while they still linger upon earth, and connect the
present with the past, I hope we will smooth their
path to the grave, and .do all in our power to re-
turn the debt of gratitude which can never be paid
to the brave and illustrious men who fought out
so gloriously the American Revolution which has
: given us the civil and religious liberty we enjoy
now, and which makes us the greatest and freest
nation upon the face of the earth.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I agree with
the honorable gentleman from New York, who
addressed the House a few moments ago, that
this is an important subject; and, for one, I am
ready to vote upon its merits. I do not think that
they deserve much discussion. The case is sim-
ply this: according to the organization of the
Court of Claims, when a petition is filed there and
they find a legal bar to the claim, then they do not
go into the proof at all, but. deciding on the legal
bar, send the claim here. This petition was fifed
in the Court of Claims, and that court very prop-
erly decided that the claim was barred by the
statute of limitations. They therefore refused
to take proof upon its merits, and sent it to us.
The question is, whether we should bar the claim
by the statute of limitations? I am ready, as a
member of this House, to say that we should not.
Why? Do gentlemen in this Hall understand
what that limitation was?
The statute of limitations which is attempted
to be applied here, is a statute which ran out upon
the claim in one year from the date of the act.
The class of claims to which this belongs is one
which arises under the resolution of 1780. In
1783, the Congress of the United States passed
an act, that whoever presented a claim belonging
to this class, prior to one year after the passage
of the act, should receive a money commutation,
in lieu of full half pay for life, which had been
promised him by the resolution of 1780. After-
wards, another act was passed in reference to this
commutation claim. One year's limitation was
placed upon those claims, and they were to be
barred, unless presented at the Treasury within
that time. And then, again, Congress gave that
statute a sweep down to 1794; so that if you take
the time from the date of the first act, to the date
of the last act—from 1783, the time of the peace,
down to 1794, the time to which the last act was
limited—you would have upon your revolution-
ary claims a statute of limitations running through
seven years.
Here is a claim which was not presented at the
Treasury within those seven years; a case where
the heirs of the party deceased present it to your
Government, and you send it to the court. The
court say to us, and say properly, " this claim is
barred by the statute of limitations arising under
a law of Congress, and we do not choose to go
further to put this party to the trouble to take
proof, but we apply the statute." The man comea
here for that claim; and it is for us now to say
whether we will act upon the princfple upon which
we direct the court to act; whether we will here
say that we will carry out the law as it existed m
1794, and bar all claims against the Government
which were not settled at the Treasury before
1794. Prior to the organization of this "Court of
Claims, this rule has been violated so often that I
think it would be monstrous in the House of Rep-
resentatives now to attempt to apply it. I do not
choose losing any song ofpraise to the memories
of those who fought m the Revolution. When
one of these claims comes here that is founded in
no equity, that presents no particular call upon
me to do justice, I would as soon reject it as I
would the claim of any other citizen in the Re-
public.
But my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] a mem-
ber of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
rises here and asks us not to refer revolutionary
claims to hiscommittee, because it interferes with
his duty in the House. I will say to him, that
if his committee is not strong enough we will
strengthen his arm by putting more gentlemen
upon the committee; but I cannot listen to excuses
coming from that committee, that they are re-
quired to handle the musty claims of those old
revolutionary soldiers.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Kentucky,
as did the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr.
Adraix,] seems to proceed upon the idea that
these claims are presented here by those old rev-
olutionary men themselves. That is quite a mis-
take. This very claim, I am informed, is pre-
sented by the heirs of an old gentleman who has
been dead for sixty-five years; and the gentleman
from New Jersey wished that the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims should pass upon it in
order to smooth his way down to the grave.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ADRAIN. I was speaking generally of
old revolutionary soldiers, and notof him specifi-
cally.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The expla-
nation of the gentleman from Ohio may go to the
country for what it is worth. I would suggest to
him, however, that it would be better for him to
retract his former proposition, than to attempt to
carry it off upon the idea which he now suggests.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will permit me, I
