1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
Mr. COX. I voted to bring this question to a j
close on Wednesday last. I did it because I was j
prepared to vote. 1
[Cries of " Order ! order!"] ;
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I ask the gen- :
tie man to withdraw the demand for the previous 1
question, and not claim an exclusive monopoly of ;
the business of recantation. Perhaps some of the :
rest of us will follow suit. "Why not give us a
chance ?
Mr. COX. i have renewed the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. It seems that
no one outside of the Democratic party has a right
to be heard here. I think this side of the House
has as much right to be heard as that.
[Loud cries of " Order !" and great confusion.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no right
to be heard out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that there be a call
of the House; and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. GARNJETT. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
give notice that, if the previous question be voted
down, I shall move to postpone this question until
Tuesday week.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
90, nays 119; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews. Bennett. Bilhnghurst,
Bingham, Bit---, Bonham, Biayton, Biyan, Bufiinton, I5ur-
Imguinc, Campbell, Cas.«;, Chalice, Ezra Claik, Hoiacc l\ ]
Clark, Claw^on, Claik 15. Cochrane, Colfax, Comm.*, Oo-
vode, C'rasrm, Curtis, DamicM, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Ootid,
Duifec, Edit', Fenton, Fostei, Guiuett, Oilman, Gilmer,
Gooch, Goodc, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Harlan, llas-
km, Hickman, Hoard, llowaici, Keltouu, KcKey, Jvilgore,
Knapp, Luaeh, Leuer, liovejoy, Melvibbin, Humphrey Mar-
shall. Maj natd, Morgan,Edward Jov Mm us, lt aac N. Mor-
ns, Pjuotnan II. Mor&c, Oliver A. Mor-e, Moir, Munay,
NichoN. Clin, Palmer, Patker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Ritchie, Robbing, Hover, Aai on Shaw, John tfheiman, Jud
son W. fc?lR'imaiij Robeit Smith, Spinnci,Stanton.William
Stewait, T. ppan, Thayer, Tompkins, Wade, \Valiun! e,
Waldton, Walton, Ellihu B. Wa&libume, Israel Waslibuin,
and W tliou—90.
NAYrf—Adtain, Ahl, Andeison, Atkin«, Aveiv,
Rarlv$iiali\ IJi-Oiop, Blair, Bocock, Bowie, Bo\ce, Bianch,
Burnett, Burns, Uarutherrf, Caskie, John B Claik, Clay,
Ch:inen>, Uhiiipnan, Cobb, John Cot hianc, Coc km ill, Com-
ma;, Cox, Jiunes. Cruig, Bmton Ciaige, Ciawlbul, Cmiy,
Davidson, l)avi- of jYIarj land, 1>avi« of Indiana, Davjs ot
Massachusetts, Davis ol Iowa, Dovvart, Dovvdeli, Edmund- ,
t.on, Elliot, Ensrh->h, En.>ti^, Florence, Foley, Gaitrell, !
Giddinjr-, Giilis, Greenwood, Grejig, Gioe&bcek, Lawience i
YV. Hall, Robeit B. II.ill, J. Moinson flams, Thomas- L. 1
Harti^, li uvkins Hopktn^, Houston, Hughes, [Iu>lor. Jack- !
son, Jenkins, Jewott, Gooige \V Jono-., J. Glancy Jone«?, '
Owen Jones, Koitt, Kelly. Lamar, I,andv, Lawrence, 1
Leiilv, L<'tehcr, Maclay, McQueen, Samuel S Maisdiail, ;
Mason, MU<Ts, Millei, Mill-.on, Montr, Niblack, Pendleton, j
Peyton, Phelps, Phillips. Powell,Uuitinan, lleady,Reagan,
XU'illy, Uobetts, Ruflin, Unwell, Sandidire. Savage, Scales,
Scott. Searine, Sewaid. Hemy M SSbaw . Shorter, Sickle:?,
Biujfleion, Sainuol A. Smith, William Smith, St.Wlwoith,
Stephens, Stevenson. Taibor, Tnppe, Umieiwood, Waul,
Watkins, White, Wlnteley, 'Win-low, Woodson, YVoitcn-
dvke, Augustus It. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zoliicotier
—119.
So the House refused to order a call.
Mr. HATCH stated that he had paired off un-
til one o'clock with Mr. Burroughs.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Now York, stated that he
had paired off upon all political questions with
Mr. Wood, or he should have voted " no."
Mr. RITCHIE stated that Mr. Purvtance had
paired off with Mr. Dimmick until Wednesday
next, and not until Tuesday next as stated in the
Globe.
The question recurred upon the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope the
gentleman fiom Ohio will withdraw the demand
for the previous question until I can make a few
remarks. [Cries of " No ! no '"]
Mr. COX. I cannot see that any good can come
of it, and I therefore decline to withdraw the call.
Mr. MARSH ALL, of Kentucky. Then I trust
the House will vote it down.
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a question of or-
der. 1 wish to inquire of the Chair whether, if
the previous question is voted down it will l e in
order to move to postpone the subject until Tues-
day week ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion will he in
order if thfi previous question is voted down.
Air. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded tell-
ers on the second.
TbIWs were ordered; and Messrs. Craice, of
North Carolina,and Bvffinton, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 103, noes 108.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise for the first time since the topic of Kan-
sas has been introduced into the councils of this
country to open my mouth upon the subject.
The bill which is presented by the managers
of the conference is the legitimate fruit of the ori-
ginal Kansas and Nebraska bill that came in with
the face of Janus. This is likely to go out with
the impress upon it that belongs to its origin.
What a spectacle is exhibited to the Ameri-
can people to-day when their Representatives are
engaged over a measure, the authors of which do
not agree, and cannot agree, upon its meaning!
Some of them have addressed this House—one,
whose votes upon the Senate bill indicated a direct
antagonism to that measure, now sustains this
proposition warmly upon the ground that it does
submit the Lecompton constitution to a vote of
the people; while others, who are committed, as
far as language can commit men, to the proposi-
tion that the people of Kansas are bound by the
work of the convention, now sustain this meas-
ure upon the predicate that it does not submit
the Lecompton constitution to a vote of the peo-
ple !
Two of the authors of this measure—the man-
agers upon the part of the Senate—have risen in
their places and avowed that they had carefully
guarded the point of submission, and thatitdoes
not submit the constitution to the people. Yes-
terday the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] who was one of the managers on the pai t
of the House, stated emphatically that the prin-
ciple of non-submission was caiefully preserved
in this bill, while theothcr manager upon the part
of the House, the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr
English,] replies that the Lecompton constitution
is submitted to the people by the repott of the
conferees.
Mr. ENGLISH. I would like to know in
what part of my spccch the gentleman from Ken-
tucky finds authority to make any such state-
ment'1
Mr. MAR-SHALL, of Kentucky. If I have
done the gentleman from Indiana injustice, I will
yield for explanation.
Mr. ENGLISH. That is not the question.
The gentleman ft om Kentucky makes a statement
in regard to my position. 1 call upon him to pomt
to the time and place where I have taken any such
position. I have not yet defined my position on
the point.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. My infer- '
ence of the gentleman's position upon this point 1
was drawn from the remarks made by him; and
I ask the gentleman, since he challenges the in-
ference, whether he understands the bill as the gen-
tleman from Gcoigia [Mr. Stephens] understands
it, or does he undeistand it just the other way?
Mr. ENGLISH. This bill is drawn in tolera-
bly good English, [laughter,] and I suppose the
gentleman fiom Kentucky understands that lan-
guage, and is competent to judge what the mean-
ing of the bill is.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If that is
all the answer the gentleman has to give, it may
go to the country with my mark upon it, that the
author here, when the meaning of this act is chal-
lenged , declines to tell us what he meant by it, in the
face of tht declaration upon the part of his colleague '
that just the opposite is meant by it to what all these
gentlemen pretend to undcistand, who have suddenly
J oxen el peat viitucs in the bill.
When the member from Ohio [Mr. Cox] was
speaking this morning, I could not help thinking
of that old hymn, which I will slightly paraphrase:
£* Why should we mourn departed friends,
Or shako at death's alrums r
'TV but the voice that paity sends,
To bung lain to iu arms."
j We may be defeated in this measure  
1 Mr. LAWRENCE. And I would quote for
1 the edification of the gentleman from Kentucky,
| that—
j While the lamp holds nnt to burn,
j The vilcbt Pinner may return."
i Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Very apro-
I pot. While 1 apply one verse to the gentleman,
, [Mr. Cox,] his colleague, who is in the same cate-
| gory, nukes another for himself. [Laughter.]
! J\Iay it be his epitaph !
Mr. COX. Whilst the gentleman is taking
orders and singing hymns, let me ask him where
is his party, to which he would invite us? I do
not see it in the House. Is it the Republican
party, or is it the American party ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. My party
is the American party—the party of the Union.
Mr. COX. I stand up for the Democratic party,
which always makes compromises, as our fathers
made them in the Constitution, and as they have
been ma^le for the perpetuity of the Constitution.
If the gentleman will allow me, further, I have
made some concession. The gentleman knows it.
Where I see the substance of a thing, I will not,
to the disruption of my party, upon which I think
so much depends, run after the shadow.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I want the
gentleman from Ohio to understand distinctly, as
well as the other gentlemen with whom it was
my fortune to act, that 1 am not here to impugn
motives, and that I am not here to challenge the
purity with which any gentleman has changed his
convictions; for, sir, as I claim integrity of pur-
pose for myself, I will yield the same claim to
others.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman say that I have
changed my convictions ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will not
say that the gentleman has changed his convic-
tions; but certainly he has altered his course.
Mr. COX. I wish the gentleman to understand
distinctly, that from the time that the report from
the confeience committee came in, 1 have had it
under consideration. I had the matter presented
from both sides. We are two hundied and thirty-
four members here, of diverse opinions, and when
we adopt a measure, it cannot be expected that
all who favor it, do so with the same opinion of
it. We must yield some of on r opinions. The gen-
tleman must admit that he did indirectly impugn
my motives. When I come forward and attempt
to sustain this compromise as the very best 1 could
get, I do not, by any means, say that it conforms
to my best judgment; or that it is as perfect as I
could wish it. It is the best, under the circum-
stances, for the country and the party.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I object. My colleague had
the floor this morning, and would not yield to
any of us. He spoke himself, and refusing others
the chance to reply, called for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. All I have
to say about this matter, can be said without any
further interruption.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body insisted on us amendments
to the deficiency bill, and asked for a committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and that it had appointed as managers
of said confeience on its part, Messrs. Toombs,
Biu(xi>,and Fessenden*. Also notifyingthe House
that that body had passed a joint resolution and
a bill, of the following titles, m which he was di-
rected to ask its concurrence:
A resolution (S. No. 33) authorizing suitable
acknowledgments to be made by the President to
the British naval authorities at Jamaica, for the
relief extended to the officers and crew of the Uni-
ted States ship Susquehanna, disabled by yellow
fever.
An act (S. No. 298) for the relief of Catharine
Jacobs, widow of Francis Jacobs, a waiter m the
military household of General Washington.]
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to permit me to make a motion con-
cerning the deficiency bill, which has just been
returned from the Senate.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
caie to have a motion made inside my speech.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House in-
sist on us disagreement to the amendments of the
Senate to the deficiency bill, and that it agree to
the committee of confeience asked for on the dis-
agteemg votes between the two Houses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tions, and it is ordered accordingly.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Several Mrmuf.rs. Too late.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
it is too late.
Messrs. Letcher, Maclay, and Nichols were
appointed managers of the conference on the part
of the House.
