798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
under the law, as strictly construed, are settled
at the Departments. It is only those cases which
are technically defective, and which cannot be
decided at the Departments, which come before
Congress. I understand that this House stands
in reference to the applications that are made here
for relief precisely in the relation of a court of
equity, sitting to do right in reference to the claims
presented against the Government, and to admin-
ister justice upon principles of equity, and not
upon the naked technicalities of law that may be
set up.
• It has been said by the gentleman from Ohio
that in all courts of law this statute of limitations
is considered a defense against a claim. That is
true; but in no court of equity would it be allowed
to be setup as a defense. Surely this Govern-
ment would allow no man to set up the statute of
limitations against itself, and if the Government
is willing to enforce its equitable claims against
others, 1 trust the time has not yet come when it
may be said that the statute of limitations shall bar
the enforcement of an equitable claim against the
Government. "
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Do I understand
the gentleman from New York to state that the
statute of limitations cannot be set up in a court
of equity?
Mr. POTTLE. I understand that the statute
of limitations is of itself an inequitable defense,
always and everywhere.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Do I understand
the gentleman to say that the right to set up the
-statute of limitations as a defense in a court of
equity is not recognized ?
Mr. POTTLE. I mean to say that the statute
of limitations is in itself an inequitable defense
upon the face of it. It is clearly apparent that
when justice demands that you should give relief
the statute of limitations never should, under any
circumstances, prevent it.
Now, sir, I do not know what are the merits
or demerits of this claim. I trust that it will be
referred to a committee where it may receive a
proper investigation. We have no means of
Knowing here, and we have no right to prejudge
it. We have nothing to do but to send it to the
proper committee where it will be investigated,
and upon the report of that committee we may
decide it upon its merits, and upon its merits
alone. But I protest against the merits of this
case being dragged into this discussion. The
precedent should here be established that the Gov-
ernment is not to take advantage of the statute
of limitations. The establishment of the other
ruling would destroy hundreds of equitable claims
against the Government. I believe in the entire
truth and entire justice of the remark of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Wright,] that there
are a very large number of inequitable claims
sought to be enforced against the Government.
That is a necessary part of our system, and forms
no good reason why we should refuse to consider
other claims which are equitable.
Sir, let us examine this claim, let us put it in a
position where we can understand it. If inequit-
able claims are presented, let us reject them; but
do not set up the statute of limitations to prevent
their examination.
Mr. CURTIS. I merely wish to place myself
right in regard to this particular claim. When
I stated to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson] that I wished to say something in favor
of this claim, I supposed it was one of a class of
claims for commutation of revolutionary officers.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. So it is.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I wish to say that I did
not speak of the merits of this particular claim.
I do not know that I shall vote in favor of it, but
I spoke of a class of claims relating to revolution-
ary officers which 1 desired to have fairly inves-
tigated. If this case is included in that class of
claims, then I go for its reference to the proper
committee of the House, which I suppose to be
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
I refer to the class of revolutionary claims that
were commuted, as the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] has explained. This claim now
before us purports to be of that class, but it may
fail on its merits, and as the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] suggests, for the want of
merit on other grounds. I therefore wish that it
may be referred to the proper committee, to be
considered -without regard to the tima elapsed
since it accrued, and without regard to statutes
of limitation. The proper committee is that of
Revolutionary Claims; and I am sorry to hear
the chairman repel the submission because the
claim is old. All the revolutionary claims are old
claims,and the very purpose of the committee is
to investigate that description of obligations. I
am satisfied that such claims ought to be fairly
investigated, and I hope the chairman of the com-
mittee will himself see the propriety of taking
them up notwithstanding they may be old, neg-
lected, oft-deferred revolutionary claims. Other-
wise, I submit that the committee itself ought to
be abolished.
I hope, under the circumstances, that this bill
will be referred and fairly considered. I hope
that the statute of limitations will not be pressed.
We are not here merely for the purpose of taking
into consideration such matters as are not barred
by the statutes of limitation. We are here for the
purpose of making laws as well as to expound
them; and it is our duty to remove all those ob-
structions to justice and equity which ancient
rules and laws seem to intervene, for the purpose
of securing to citizens their just rights. If the
statute of limitations cuts a man off from his rights,
and there is merit in the claim, then that is a rea-
son why we should act, and not an excuse for
refusing to do so. We have sovereign power;
and it is in such cases that we ought to exercise
that power. We have sovereign power under the
Constitution, a gentleman near me remarks; and
I, of course, accept that limitation; and certainly
the Constitution gives us the power to pay all
well-established revolutionary soldiers. If we
find, after investigation, that their claims are mer-
itorious and just, we will allow them, although
they have been barred by a thousand laws. If
the statutes of limitation were always enforced,
as in courts of common-law jurisdiction, it would
cutoff most of the claims which come before Con-
gress; because, as everybody knows, it takes
many years before a claim can be brought to the
final consideration of Congress. Many of the
claims which now come before the committee of
which I am a member, are more than twenty-one
years old. I do not consider myself bound there
or here by the statutes of Henry VIII., or dueen
Elizabeth, or any other statutes which may have
served as a means to retain and transmit these
ancient rules of law. We have a right to con-
sider the equity of the claim, and relieve it from
the strict rules prescribed for courts of law. I
hope that the report will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims; and I know the
chairman of that committee will, after full con-
sideration, report that Congress has the power to
go into the merits of the claims, and to decide on
them.
Mr. COVODE. I have prepared a substitute
for the proposition before the House, which will
authorize the court to decide the case upon'its
merits. I move to lay the bill aside, to be re-
ported to the House with the recommendation
that the House pass this order:
Ordered, That the report of the court be referred back to
the Court of Claims, with directions to take the proof on
the merits of the claim.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, is it
not in order, at this time, to move that the com-
mittee rise, with a view to submit a resolution
"closing this debate ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Then I submit that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Stanton reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had, accord-
ing to order, had the Private Calendar under con-
sideration, and more particularly adverse report
j| (C. C. No. 109) upon the petition of Joseph
;[ Stokely and others, heirs of Nehemiah Stokely,
j| and had come to no conclusion thereon.
j| Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the de-
bate in the Committee of the Whole House on
the adverse report just stated to the House, be
closed in five minutes after its consideration shall
be resumed; and on that motion I call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STANTON. This motion only cut3 off
the hour debate.
The SPEAKER. It is only general debate that
is precluded under it. Special provision is made
in the rules for five-minutes' debate on amend-
ments. The motion does not cut off that debate.
Mr. STANTON. I want the motion modified,
so as to cut off all debate or amendment
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not enter-
tain a proposition of that kind unless by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. Davis's motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Stanton
in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the business before
the committee to be the adverse report of the Court
of Claims on the petition of Joseph Stokoly and
others.
Mr. TAYLOR,.of Louisiana. I wish to un-
derstand the motion now made in reference to
this question. If I remember rightly, the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is not
to report this back to the House, to be referred to
a committee, but to report it back with the rec-
ommendation that it be again referred to the
Court of Claims, with instructions that they shall
take evidence upon the merits of the case.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the motion pend-
ing.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I will make this
inquiry: whether it is not incompetent for the
House to do that, as it will have the effect to
amend an act of Congress by the action of one
House ? It would have the effect to change the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims; to change
the character of the action which it is compelled
to take under the provisions of the law. I am
inclined to think that it would be better to modify
the proposition, and simply refer the case to a
committee of this House.
Mr. COVODE. If my proposition will pro-
duce any difficulty, I will withdraw it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object to
withdrawing it, for I think the proposition'is ex-
actly right. The fourth section of the act declares
that
'• In all cases where it shall appear to the court that the
facts set forth m the petition of the claimant do notluimsll
any ground for relief, it shall not be the duty of the court to
authorize the taking of any testimony in the case, until the
same shall have been reported by them to Congress as here-
matter provided : Provided, however. That if Congress, m
such case, fail to confirm the opinion of the board, they
shall proceed to take testimony m the case."
Mr. TAYLOR, of New Y'ork. I understand
that that section requires the action of Congress,
and not of one House only.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If this House
fail to confirm the opinion of the court, the duty
of the court is then established by the law. If
Congress shall fail to confirm the opinion of the
court, then this is a case finally disposed of, or
it is a case where they have failed to take proof
on account of a legal bar. That is the question.
The court have come across the statute of limit-
ations, and they refuse to take proof, refuse to
hear it, and send the case to us. What is to be
reported to us? The petition, the petitioner's
proof, the brief of the counsel for the United States,
and the decision of the court. There has been
no proof taken, because they found the statute
of limitations in their way. It comes to us; what
shall we do with it? We fail to confirm the opin-
ion of the court. Is that enough ? What are we
going to do with the bill ? I say their decision is
correct, and that we should recommend to the
House that they send the ease back to the court
with directions to hear the case upon the merits.
If the court has finally decided the case, and the
decision is conclusive upon us, then the court
occupy a new position under the law, which, by
its jurisdiction, cuts off the plenary power which
this House has to consider the case.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, moved an
amendment pro forma, and said: do 1 understand
the gentleman-from Kentucky to insist that the
proper course for this House to take, after a bill
comes here from the Court of Claims, would be
to send it back, by an order of this House alone,
without the concurrence of the other branch of
the national Legislature?
