2908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommendedanon-concurrencein this
amendment.
Mr. DURFEE. I hope the House will concur
in that amendment. I call for the yeas and nays
upon it
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DURFEE. X ask for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Peyton and
Foster were appointed.
Mr. FAULKNER. The Senate substituted
two paragraphs for what they struck out—the
third and fourth amendments. They were con-
sidered together in Committee pf the Whole on
the state of the Union, and I ask that they may
be acted on together now.
The Clerk read the fourth amendment of the
Senate, as follows:
For alteration of old arms, so as to make them breech-
loading arms, upon a model to'he selected and approved by
a board of ordnance officers, #25,000: Provided, That any
pojtion of said sum not exceeding §'5,000 may be expended
under the direction of the Secietaryof War, in applying
to the old or new arms the recent improvement of Captain
J. M. Ward, in the mode of applying Muynard's primer.
Mr. DURFEE. I merely desire to say that
this has been recommended by the Secretary of
War.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not under-
stand this question exactly. It seems to me that
the Senate have put in that $45,U00 as an inde-
Eendent proposition to buy breech-loading car-
inas. They have stricken out the appropriation
of $100,000 for altering old arms, and put in a
provision appropriating $25,000 for that purpose.
Let us take the vote on purchasing the new arms
as a separate pi oposition, and then let us take the
vote on striking out the House provision and in-
serting ihat of the Senate.
Mr. DURFEE. I ca'l the gentleman to order.
I was not allowed to debate the question.
Mr. SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman as debating the question.
The Chair, after looking at the amendments,
cannot see any connection between the two prop-
ositions. The vote will be taken separately, first
• upon striking out the provision of the House and
inserting the amendment of the Senate appropriat-
ing $45,000 for breech-loading carbines,and then
the vote will be taken on inserting the provision
of the Senate appropriating $25,000 for altering
old arms into breech-loading arms.
Mr GROW. How, then, after we have voted
on striking out and inserting, can we act on the
$25,000 provision for altering old arms'
Mr. COVODE. It strikes me that it takes
both provisions to make a whole; and that, there-
fore, both should be voted on together. There
should be a vote on striking out, and inserting the
two provisions, one for the carbines, and the other
for altering old aims. I undr rstand that the Sec-
retary of War is satisfied with the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, nf Tennessee. It strikes me that
the question ought to be taken on striking out the
piovision of the House, and inserting the amend-
ment appropriating §25,000 for altering old mus-
kets. Both provisions correspond in reference to
the object aimed at, and the only difference is in
the amount appropriated. The other provision
is for breech-loading carbines.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can only regard
the amendments in the way in which they are re-
ported f:om the Senate. That may have been the
intention of the Senate, but the papers do not
show it.
The House then divided, and the tellers reported
—-ayes 52, noes «3.
So the amendment of the Senate was not con-
curred in.
The recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with reference
to the amendments of the Senate, numbered fiom
four to seventeen, inclusive, was concurred in—
the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth,
eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, and fif-
teenth amendments being concurred in; and the
foui th, sixteenth,and seventeenth, beingnon-con-
cuired in.
Eighteenth amendment:
For the payment of the volunteers operating m Honda,
during the yeai !B5T. £365.000,
The SPEAKER, The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union recommend a
non-concurrence.
Mr. HAWKINS. I have already troubled the
House with some remaiks in relation to this
item. I will now send to the Clerk's desk some
papers which clearly establish the propriety of
this amendment.
The SPEA.KER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HAWKINS. Can I not have the papers
read ?
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
papers can be read.
Objection was made.
Mr. HAWKINS. Then I call for a separate
vote on the amendment.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes nineteen, noes not counted.
So the amendment of the Senate was not con-
curred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
For continuing the construction of the following works
of defense:
For Fort Knox, at the narrows of the Penobscot river,
Maine, ©50,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union recommended a non-concurrence.
Mr. WHITELEY. The next seventeen or
eighteen amendments are all similar in character.
I ask that the vote be taken on all of them to-
gether; and I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
all these amendments are in relation to fortifica-
tions.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
care. I want separate votes on them.
Mr. WHITELEY. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Irenewit. I want
to test tins question.
The yeas nnd nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Can I, by any
means, obtain information as to the work ? for, if
I find it in operation, I am desirous to go for it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 115; as follows:
YEAS — Messis. Ah!, Barksdale, Bryan, Burhngame,
Cavanaugh, Chaflee, IW.ra Clark, dawson, Clay, Comin-s,
Cragin, DavtrUon, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Mis-isstppj,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dick, Dowdell, En-tis,
Faulkner, Florence, Fo^er, Gooch, J. Morrison Hartis,
Hawkins, Keitr, Knapp, Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy, Maclay,
McKibbin, Cdwaul Joy Morns, Freeman I! Moise, Palmer,
Pottei. Reilly, Hit hie, Bobbin.*. flobeiN, Itovce, Sandidge,
Seott. Shoitot, Sickle*, J.tme^ A. Stewart, Tappan. Geoige
T n tor, Mi lee Tavloi. Thayer, 1-tael Washburn, Whiteloy,
Wood, and Zolliootfer—o3.
NAYS—Me^rs. Abbott. Andrew^, Atkins, A very, Ben-
nett, Bilhmihuist, Bingham, Blair, Bh«s, Bocock, Biayton,
Buti'mion, Burnett, Bums. Carnthers, Ca?e, C.iskie, John
B. Claik, Clemens, Cobb, (Mailt B Cochrane, Coliav,
Comma, Cov, Janice Ciaig, Burton Craige, C'tawlord, Cur-
ry. Cuius. Davi-s ot Indiana, Davis-of Iowa, Dean, Dun
mtck, Dodil, Edmtind-on, English, Fenton, Foley, Gainett,
Garitell, Oi<idmg*. Gillie Gilmer. Goode, Goodwin, Groes-
b^ek, Giow. L.iwienee W Hall, Hai Ian, Ilili Hoard. Hep
kins, [iortou, Houston, (Inward, Jackson. lewett, Geoige
W Jone*. J. Glancy Jone^. Owen Jone.-, Kel og<:. Kilizoie,
Leulv, Loiter, Leteiir-1, Lovejov, McQ.iieen, Humphiey
Mai-tiaH. Samuel S Mai-hall. Mason, Mfijniud, Million,
Moigan. Moinl!. Oliver A. Moi>e. Muiray, Niblack. Olin,
Parker, Pendleton, Pes ton, John 3 Phelp*, Phillip*, Pottle,
Quitman, Ready, Reagan. Ruthn, Ku<>eli. Savage. Scale*,
Henry M Shaw, John Sherman, JiuNon W, Sherman,
Pni«]eton, William Smith, Spinner. Stan on, Stephen?!, Ste
vtiHon. \Villnm^5tewai t, Talbot. Thompkm<,Tnppe, I'n-
rtfiwuwil, Wade. Waibinlsjo, W.ddion, Walton, v\aid,
Eilihti B Wavhhnnie, White, Wood.-on, Wommdyke, and
John V. W'nght—115.
So the amendment of the Senate was not con-
curred in.
The amendments of the Senate from number
twenty to number twenty-nine inclusive were
severally non-concurred in.
The thirtieth amendment of the Senate, in
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union recommended a non-concunence,
was then read, as follows:
Fort Taj lor, K<-y West, Flomla, $100,000.
Mr. DO WDELL demanded the yeas and nays,
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in
Thirty-first amendment:
Fort Jefler^n, Garden Key, Tortugas, Florida,§200,000.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
th® Union recommended a non-concurrence.
Mr. DOWDELL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with reference
to the amendments of the Senate numbered from
thirty-two to thirty-eight inclusive, was con-
curred in, and the said amendments were disa-
greed to.
The thirty-ninth amendment of the Senate was
then read, as follows:
For the construction of bridges, and the improvement of
the crossings of streams on the road from Fort Smith, in
Arkansas, to Albuquerque, in New Mexico, $)0,0J0; and
that the sum of 1,000 he, and the same i-5 hereby, appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to be expended in completing connected ve-
nous of the road extending from Albuquerque, in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, westwaid on the route of the Col-
orado river, and on or near the thirty-fifth parallel of north
latitude.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hawkins
and Burlingame were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
seventy-five in the affirmative.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. A drain, Aid, Andrew-, Arnold, At-
kins, Blair, Bliss, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Buffinton, Bur-
hngame, Bums, Carutheis, Case, Cavanatigh, Chaffee,
Chapman, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, Claw -on, Clay,
Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Corning, Co-
vode, Curtis, Davidson. Davis of Massachusetts. Davis of
Iowa, Dawes, Dimmiek, Dodd, Durfee, Eu-tis, Florence,
Foley, Foster, Gtddins-^, Gilmer. Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan. J. Morrison Harris, Hawkins. Hoard, Iloiton,
Hughes, Hujler, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Jacob M. ICunkei,
John O. Kunkel, Landy, Leidy, Lovejov, Maclay, McKib-
bm,'Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maynard,
Motgatt, Edward Joy Morns, Freeman H. Mor*e,'Mott,
Murray, Ntblack, Pendleton. John S. Phelps, William W.
Phelp-*, Phillip-*, Pottle, Ready. Roberts, Royce, Russell,
Sandidge. Scott, Spinner. Stanton, Stephen*, James A.
Stewait. William Stewart, Tappan, Geoige Taylor, Miles
Tay'or, Thayer. Walton, Waid, Ellihu "B. Washburne,
Wood-on, and Zoiiieoftei—92.
NAYS—Mes.-rs. Abbott, Barksdale, Bennett, Billing-
hurst, Bingham, Bocock, Bf\an, Burnett, Clemen®, Cobb,
Coimns, Cia«in. Burton Craige, Crawford, Curty, Davis of
Indiana, Davis of Mi-^i-^tppi. Dick, Dowdell, [£dmund>on,
Fenton,Garnett, Gaitrell, Gillih. Gooch, Goode, Goodwin,
Grangei, Gregg, Hill, liopkin.-, Houston, Howard, Jackson,
Jcwctt, George W. Jones J Glancy Jones. Kilgore, Knapp,
Letter, Letcher, Mason, Matter*on. Million. Mot nil, Oliver
A. Morse, Ohu, Palmer, Parker. Peyton, Powell, Quitman,
Rutfin, Savage, Scale-., Henry M. Shaw, John Sheunan,
Shorter. Singleton, William Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson,
Talbotf, Tompkins, Trippe, Wadf', Walbi idge,Waldron. Is-
rael Washburn, White, Wortendyke, and John V.- WnglH
 7o_
So the amendment was concurred in.
Pending; the call of the roll,
Mr. MARS11 ALL, of Illinois, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Shaw, had paired olf with Mr.
Ptke, of New Hampshire, for the rest of the ses-
sion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, as
we are now paying seven hundred and odd thou-
sand dollars for transporting the mails to Califor-
nia by way of Panama; three hundred and odd
thousand for the same service over the Tehuante-
pec route; and six hundred and odd thousand for
the overland route, to which we have added over
one hundred thousand this morning, I shall vote
" no."
The vote was announced as above reported.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The action of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on Senate amendments,
from the fortieth to the forty-ninth inclusive, was
concurred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to recon-
sider the several votes on concurring in the Senate
amendments; and also move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CASE OF JUDGE WATROUS.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I wish to call up the case
of Judge Watrons, with a view to move a post-
ponement of the furthei consideration of the case
until the second Thursday of December next.
No objection being made, the case was taken
up.
