1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
the position of every gentleman upon this floor
on a motion to postpone?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; and I do not intend
to go into the individual motives that control the
action of gentlemen upon this floor. I propose
to take them in gross.
Now, I have no desire to raise unnecessary con-
troversy about this matter, but I ask gentlemen '
to show what is to be accomplished by a post- !
ponemcntof this question. If they have got any
new light upon the subject, I shall be ready most
cheerfully to listen to any one of them. I am
ready and willing to be enlightened upon the great
principle involved in this measure, which I am not
permitted to discuss now. I would like to hear
from some gentleman upon the Republican side of
the House, or from the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall,] or from the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Garnf.tt,] or from the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman]—these conflict-
ing elements that are all standing together when
we come to get a direct vote—if they have any
new light upon this question. And, if arvalid rea-
son exists why the bill should be postponed, I
will vote with those who desire the postpone-
ment. I do not wish any gentleman to vote here
under circumstances such as shall compromise
his opinion or subvert his judgment, or to act in
the absence of any information which would en-
lighten him, or enable him to come to a correct
conclusion. I do not think human ingenuity can
present any now phase in connection with this
question; nor do I think that, in the absence of
any new aspect of this question, and in a business
view of the legislation of the country, any gentle-
man can say that this subject ought to be post-
poned for a moment, not even for the half hour
it would take to call the yeas and nays.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the mo-
tion of my colleague [Mr. Garnett] by striking
out " Tuesday week" and inserting " to-morrow
at one o'clock."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Why postpone it
until that time?
Mr. LETCHER. I see no reason why it
should be postponed at all; but the time I have
named is better than that proposed in the motion
of my colleague.
Mr. KEITT. I desire very much to vote in
such a way as shall giatify the member who has
made the motion to postpone, and the few on this
side of the House who act with lutn. My personal
and political sympathies are almost uniformly
with that member,and those now associating with
him. And while I think differently from him
upon the merits of this bill, 1 should be very glad,
as far as 1 can consistently, to gratify him m re-
spect to the time ot postponement. If debate is
closed, I think the postponement is a very long
one, considering the tract of time already covered
by this discussion, and the searching debate
which has been had upon it.
if time ik needed to makeup one's mind, the bill
has been before us for nenily a week, published,
printed, and subjected to examination. Gentle-
men have a.^kod too much time, if they desire to
debate it. If they have made up their minds, then
what need is there of fuither delay ?
If the motion of the member Irom Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] had prevailed, the whole matter
would have been in just the condition it would
have been in if the bill had been defeated. We
cannot get back to the House bill, no matter what
course we toko upon this report. We cannot get
back to the Senate bill, no matter what course we
take upon this report. The question is upon this
bill, and this bill alone. You cannot get at either
of the other bills, for the House has put itself be-
yond the power to get at them.
The Senate cannot get back to either of these
bills except by sending to this House for them.
In no other way can they be reached by the ac-
tion ol either House. Another conference can be
had just as well after this report is laid on the table,
as after it has been disposed of m any other way.
Then the question upon laying upon the table
was a test vole. If gentlemen had made up their
minds against the bill, why there was a vote to
be east and a record to be made. If they have
not made up their minds, then there is, perhaps,
pome need of a postponement, it it is ask nl for
the purpose of debate, th"n, I repeat, the time is
too long. We have agreed to adjourn on the 7th
of June. Wo ha've appiopriation bills yet
i unacted upon. This question has been before us
| for months. In some one phase or other, it has
| been before us for years. What new lights have
j we to expect? What new views can we expect
j to elicit ? Nothing, that I can see, can be gained
! by discussion. If I understood the other side of
the House, yesterday, they desired to come to a
vote at once, upon the bill itself. Why not take
the vote to-day ? You wanted to vote yesterday;
why does not the same reason induce you to de-
sire it to-day? You charge us with desiring de-
lay.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must confine
himself to the motion to postpone.
Mr. KEITT. I desire that the House shall
put itself in such a condition that it can adjourn
finally on the 7th of June. I think the passage of
this motion to postpone will defeat that object,
with seven appropriation bills before us, unacted
on. We all know that this exciting question at-
tracts all the discussion to it when it is before us,
and will until it is disposed of. We may go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon one of the appropriation bills, and all
the speeches will be made upon this subject. That
has been the result hitherto, and will continue to
be, as long as the Kansas question is pending.
Just as all the diseases in a city where an epidemic
is raging run into that, so all discussion in this
House runs into that one channel. If, therefore,
this motion to postpone prevails, we must either
act upon the appropriation bills without discus-
sion, or we cannot adjourn on the 7th of June.
And, therefore, as I do not see any end that is to
be attained by this postponement, while I am de-
sirous of gratifying those members with whom I
usually act, I cannot,unless some reason is given
for it which I have not yet heard, vote for the
motion.
M r. GARNETT. My object in moving a post-
ponement of this question is because I believe a
full, fair, and free discussion upon it is due alike
to the subject, to the friends and to the opponents
of the measure. I believe it is a measure differ-
ing widely from either of the propositions which
were sent to the committee of conference, and
unlike any which has been before the House dur-
ing the session. Therefore, I think it very proper
that there should be a full discussion upon it.
I moved to postpone because I foresaw that,
unless a fixed time was agreed upon to take the
vote, we should not have such discusston upon it.
I saw what was seen before on the former Kansas
bill, that the only way to get that discussion was
to fix upon a certain day to take the vote, and, in
the mean time, allow the discussion to go on in
Committee of the Whole upon other bills.
My motion was fixed, upon consultation with
numerous friends, as to the time that would be
most convenient for taking the vote. I had some
1; doubt :is to whether it should be fixed for some
j! day m the middle or latter part of next week, or
!! whether it should be upon the day I havenam<-'d.
[j Upon consultation, I found that the day which I
11 have named suited mostgcntlemen, for it was lm-
1! possible to suit all.
!| I have no desire by any factious proceeding or
.1 by any dilatory motion to prevent this House
fiom coming to a vote this hour or this minute, if
j' the majority so will it. My colleague has moved
jl an amendment to my motion to take the vote to-
; j morrow. That would give one day's discussion .
!! My motion to take the vote on the lltli of May,
would leave ten days for discussion. It is for
i- the House to say which of the two propositions
\\ they piefor, and I will acquiesce, although I
!i think my motion best. But I ask gentlemen on
:j all sides whether it is not more consonant with
j: the fair, open, and manly way in winch ourwholc
'j course on this Kansas question has been con-
!] ducted heretofore, to fix some day when the vote
shall be taken, and postpone the question until
!' thatuay? If you prefer having it to-morrow, adopt
|i the amendment of my colleague. If you prefer
,! having it the day 1 name, vote down his amend-
j; ment and for my proposition. Either way, is it
'i not fair, is it not wise, is it not politic, for all sides
if to take a vote on this question, and not by dila-
;! tory proceedings, or I would say by factious pro-
'! ceedmg*, prevent our having- a vote?
Mr.'CLINGMAN. Is not the gentleman's
'i motion a dilatoty proceeding? Doesituot throw
!j the question over to another day—a distant day >
'i Mr. GARNETT. No, sii. X>y a dilatory
proceeding, I mean those motions the object of
which is to prevent the will of the majority of the
House from being carried out. I have no such
purpose. If a majority of the House wants a
postponement, that majority certainly has a right
to have a postponement. I ask gentlemen to let us
have a vote on the proposition.
Mr, HOUSTON. I will say to my friend ftom
Virginia, that the House has already been brought
to a direct vote on a postponement to within a day
or two of the very day named by him in his mo-
tion. The proposition then was substantially
what his is now. The sense of the House was
taken on that proposition by yeas and nays.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It was a postpone-
ment to the very same day.
Mr. HOUSTON. It does seem to me, that if
it is the object of the gentleman from Virginia to
ascertain only the will of the House on the prop-
osition, he will, by reference to the Journal of the
House, perceive that that has already been done.'
Mr. GARNETT. There were, as I am in-
formed, two votes; one by which the House
agreed to the postponement, and another by which
it disagreed to it; and, sir, I might beat a loss to
know which of those votes to take as the sense of
the House in the matter. If the gentleman has a
majority here against the postponement, then let
the proposition oe voted down. If he is right in
his impression, why then object to a vote? On
the other hand, we who wish for a postponement,
why should we be prevented from having a vote
on the proposition to postpone, if it is not the
purpose to defeat the will of the majority?
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope that my friend does
not intend to give out. the impression that I am
trying to defeat the will of the House. If the
gentleman makes his motion now, and it be de-
feated, then to-morrow it may be made again with
the same propriety by any of the gentlemen who
are acting with the gentleman on one side or the
other; that is, according to the argument of the
gentleman and the history of this proceeding.
Then that is not a termination of it; it is not a
settlement of it. The question is open to motions
to postpone until the time to which he proposes.
Mr. GARNETT. I will reply to the gentle-
man, and I think that I can satisfy him on that
point. If this motion to postpone be voted down,
I, for one, shall vote against any subsequent mo-
tion to postpone. I shall receive it as an expres-
sion of the will of the majority of the House, and
shall acquiesce in it. All I want is a vote on the
motion to postpone. And I will say, although
I am not in the habit of speaking for anybody
other than myself, that I am at liberty to say
that the gentlemen with whom I am acting will
pursue the same course. Is not that fair ? Is it
not fairer than the effort to prevent us from hav-
ing a vote on this motion to postpone? If the
bill before the House is right and proper, has it
anything to apprehend from discussion? I do
not make the motion to postpone as being friendly
or unfriendly to the bill. I make it because I be-
lieve that it is right and just. And, sir, while I
am pained to find myself separated from those
with whom I have acted 
Mr. BARKSDALE. I want to know from my
friend whether he has not made up his mind as
to how he shall vote on this bill?
Mr. GARNETT. I have not; and let me say
that I will decide for myself the manner in which
I shall make up my judgment on this or on any
other question; and when I have made up my
mind, when I have concluded what it is right and
proper to do, what I believe to be due to my con-
stituents and to my sense of right, though every
man in the United States were on the other side,
I should preserve my position unshaken.
[Cries of " Good !"]
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Garnett] asks
that tins question shall be postponed for ten days.
He has informed us that he has consulted with
those who agree with him, and that they desire
this postponement, in order that the subject may
be discussed, and that they may have time to
consider it. Sir, on a vote just taken, on a mo-
tion to lay the whole subject on the table, one
bundled and one gentlemen have voted m the af-
firmative; thus indicating, m an unmistakable
manner, that they have formed their opinions on
the report of the conference committee, and that
th'oy are op'pose'd to it. (Jn another Vtfte just
