THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1858.
New Series....No. 51.
ed in this House that he came here as the repre-
sentative of foreigners mainly 
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know by what right the gentleman
from North Carolina is speSking?
Mr. GILMER. By the leave of my friend
from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina is not in order.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I will say in conclu-
sion 
Mr. GILMER. When thegentleman from New
York-
Mr. BURNETT. #I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina will suspend; he is out of order.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I must hold gentlemen upon
the opposite side of the House strictly to the
terms upon which I withdrew my objections.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to the
gentleman from Tennessee speaking, and I will
listen to him with great pleasure; but I do object
to the gentleman from North Carolina speaking.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Mr. Speaker, I will say
in conclusion, that it has never been my purpose
to make a personal issue with any member, upon
any question, if I could well avoid it. Rut I felt
that an exigency had arisen in this casein which
I owed it to myself as a man to make a personal
issue; but if I misapprehended the gentleman from
New York, I have nothing more to say upon the
subject.
Mr. GrARTRELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. GARTRELL. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I renew the motion that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I beg to re-
mind the gentleman from Kentucky that the ob-
jection made on this side of the House, to the per-
sonal explanation of a member on the other side,
was withdrawn on the understanding that gentle-
men on this side were to be at liberty to exercise
the same privilege.
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; only
eighteen members voting therefor.
The question was taken; and the motion was
notagreed to; there being, on a division, ayes 57,
noes 87.
Mr. HOARD. I desire the consent of the House
to follow up the reading of the letter this morn-
ing, with a few remarks in the shape of a personal
explanation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to the persona! ex-
planation. I have not withdrawn my objection.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask whether my
resolution for the close of debate on the Indian
appropriation bill is not pending?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Does the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] ob-
ject to the gentleman from New York making a
personal explanation ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands.
The pending question is on the proposition of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J. Glancy
Jones,] thatall debate m Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the Indian appropria-
tion bill, terminate at two o'clock to-morrow; and
on that the previous question is demanded.
Mr. WA.LBRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kelsby,
and Craige of North Carolina were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 44, noes 82.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr. J.
Glancy Jones to close debate.
Mr. J. GLANCY .TONES. The motion made
SI
by me this morning was to terminate debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the Indian appropriation bill, to-morrow at two
o'clock. 1 propose now to fix Wednesday at two
o'clock. That will allow the whole of Tuesday
and part of Wednesday. On that I demand the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. J. GLAINC Y JONES. On that I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the gentleman [Mr. J.
Glancy Jones] to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, and I will renew it.
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able anyhow.
Mr. SICKLES. I want to make a statement
to the House, which will not occupy a moment.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken4, and the motion was
notagreed to; there being, on a division—ayes 59,
noes 87.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask permission to make a
statement, in reference to the misunderstanding
under which my colleague [Mr. Hatch] was al-
lowed to make his explanation.
Mr. BURNETT. T object.
Several Voices. Withdraw your objection.
Mr. BURNETT. I have reasons satisfactory
to myself for making the objection, and I do not
withdraw it.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to state that the terms
on which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. (bid-
dings] withdrew his objection to the personal ex-
planation of my colleague, [Mr. Hatch,] were
that objections should be withdrawn to the per-
sonal explanation of my colleague, [Mr-. Hoard.]
I desire to see that arrangement honorably carried
out by this side of the House. T therefore ask
that the same courtesy shall be extended to one
gentleman as was extended to the other.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman cannot proceed with his personal ex-
planation.
Mr. HOARD. Then I only wish to say that
I am surprised that" this small courtesy should
not be allowed me.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. HOARD. Then 1 rise to question of privi-
lege. I submit the following- resolution:
Whereas, a statement has bren made by a member of
this House, importing that the Hon. Mr. Burns, of Ohio,
had stated to him, m a conversation on the subject of hi^>
vote on the resolution of Hon. Mr. Harris, of Illinois, to
commit to a select committee the President's message on
the Kansas investigation, that he was to have certain ofii-
cial patronage, oi appointments to office, at his disposal;
and wheicas, the Hon. Mr. Bciivshad previously been hee
in his avowal of sentiments, with which hid vote on that
subject wuri in conflict, thus furnishing ground to sufrpeei
that some improper influence had been exerted to bias the
said member's olficial action as a member of this House:
Theiefore,
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed by the
Speaker to inquire and investigate whether any improper
attemptshave been or are being made, directly or indirectly,
by uny persons connected with the executive department
of this Government, or by any other person, witl\ their ad-
vice or consent, to influence the action of .my member oi
this House upon any question or raeasutc upon which the
Hou«e has acted, or which it has under consideration, with
power to send forpeisons and papers,, and with leave to
report at any tune, by bill or otherwise.
Mr. Speaker, the letter which was read at the
Clerk's desk this morning, though dated yester-
day, was received by me night before last.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
Is the private letter to which the gentlemafi refers
a matter of privilege to which the gentleman can
speak, and has he a right to answer that private
letter in a speech upon this floor?
Mr. HOARD. X am explaining my rcsolu-
tion. „ .
Mr. SICKLES. Under the precedent of the
other day, it will be for the House to decide
whether it is a question of privilege or not.
Mr. BURNETT. I have not asked the gen-
tleman from New York for his opinion about the
matter. I make the question that the resolution
presented by the gentleman is no question of
privilege. There is no charge contained in the
preamble or resolution whatever against any mem-
ber. It cannot be made a question of privilege
unless a direct charge is made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, following the
precedent which was adopted the other day, and
which he finds, upon examination of authorities,
is fully sustained by the precedents of the House,
will submit the question to the House in this form:
" Shall the resolution be received and entertained
upon the ground that the privileges of the House
are involved The Chair is of opinion that the
question is debatable, and the gentleman from
New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOARD. Mr. Speaker, the letter read this
morning by the Clerk, although datgd yesterday,
was received by me night before last, and I en-
deavored, yesterday, to obtain the floor, to reply
to it. I take the earliest opportunity to respond
to it.
I am informed that the Hon. Joseph Burns, of
Ohio, had been open in his condemnation of the
Lecompton constitution, and that, after the vote
upon raising the select committee for investjgatipn
upon that subject, on which occasion he voted
against the friends of the resolution, he [Mr.
Burns] said that certain executive patronage, or
appointments to office, were to be at his disposal.
This is the substance, according to my informa-
tion, of the admission made by Mr. Burns to an
honorable member of this House, upon being
inquired of how he came to give such a vote.
In calling the attention of the House, the other
day, to the subject out of which this letter has
grown, I was actuated by no feelings of personal
unkindness towards any one, and especially to-
ward Mr. Burns, whom I do not know by sight.
The charge that I made on Friday last, was,
thai I believed the executive department was at-
tempting to influence the votes and action of mem-
bers of this House, by improper offers of the
patronage of the (Government; and I cannot con-
sent that attention shall be diverted from the real
and important questions" to any incidental side
issue that may spring out of it. This opinion was
founded upon various circumstances which had
transpired, and some of which I stated when the
resolution was offered for a committee of investi-
gation. For reasons then expressed, I thought
these circumstances and reports involved the digni-
ty, prerogatives, and independence of this House,
and that it"Vas essential that the House should in-
stitute an investigation, in order that those who had
been implicated might have the opportunity to
clear themselves of suspicion, if innocent, and
that this House might assert its constitutional
rights and independence.
So far as I had given any currency or counte-
nance to these reports by bringing them to the at-
tention of the House, I'should have felt myself
bound to make the most ample reparation in my
power, if the charges contained in those reports
had been found to be groundless. But so far as I
have beenableto investigatethecaseofMr. Burns,
the information justifies the charge made here on
Friday last.
The honor of this House, and justice to ltsmem-
bers, in my opinion, now demand an investigation
of the facts in this, and in every other case of_a
similar character that may come to light; and in
the hope that the House will concur in that opin-
ion, X have offered this resolution.
Mr. Speaker, the Administration have the ma-
jority in this House; and it is for that majority
to decide whether these charges shall be investi-
gated or smothered.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman will yield
to me for a moment, I will renew the motion to
adi°rrMTAYLOR, of New York, withdraw the
motion to adjourn.
