&02
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Mr. BURNETT. I do not intend to occupy
the time of the House but for a moment or two.
The reason why I objected to a personal expla-
nation by the gentleman from New York was,
that I well understood what was to follow-it. I
aiti opposed to gentlemen bringing their personal
difficulties upon the floor of this House. If a man
denounces me as a slahderer, and charges that. I
have traduced his character, I know how to meet
that sort of charge; I will never seek to stab him
iridirectly. I will meet him face to face, to settle
it as all such questions ought to be settled by hon-
orable men.
I knew this thing was to come up under the guise
of a privileged question. I_knew that an effort
was to be made, under the pretense of a question
of privilege, to raise a committee to investigate a
charge made against a member of this body, who,
in a private letter, addressed to the member from
New York, told him: " Sir, the charge you made
on last Friday is false and slanderous in its char-
acter, and I hold myself responsible for what I
say." The gentleman who wrote that letter is
absent. The gentleman from New York, instead
of responding to the letter addressed to him as an
individual,as it should have been replied to, brings
it into this House; and, without any action on the
part of the gentleman from Ohio, and without his
consent, makes it public. It was a private letter
to the gentleman from New York, who made the
charge, declaring that that charge was false and
slanderous, and that for so branding it the writer
was responsible. Instead of responding to that
letter, the gentleman from New York comes here
and spreads it upon the record, and makes it a part
and parcel of our proceedings. Then, he claims
the right to make a personal explanation to meet
that private letter. I am always ready to give
every man a fair and full opportunity to vindicate
himself from charges of a public character. I will
never hesitate, by my vote, to vindicate the char-
acter and reputation of any member upon this
floor; but I will never permit any man, by my
vote, to raise a committee, without good cause,
to blast and ruin the character and reputation_of
one of my peers.
In the response read by the gentleman from
New York to this House, what is the charge ?
The charge is, that in a private conversation with
some honorable member upon this*floor, (I do not
know who,) the gentleman from Ohio admitted
that he was to have the control of some executive
appointments. Admit that the member under-
stood the member from Ohio to make such an ad-
mission: it is a well known rule of law that such
testimony is of the weakest character. In what
can it result? Here stands the assertion of one
member upon one side, who is entitled to credit,
that the charge is false and slanderous; and on
the other, the gentleman' from New York does
not take the responsibility of saying that he has
any knowledge of the fact charged. He does not
come here and say that he knows this man to be
guilty of these things, and for that reason de-
mands an investigation. No, sir; he says no such
thing; but he becomes the accuser. So long as
I have a seat upon this floor I will never give any
aid or countenance to such a system of warfare
against any man.
This much I wanted to say in vindication of my
position in objecting to the personal explanation
of the gentleman from New York. I did not
want these private matters between the gentlemen
brought here. I knew that it was not with the
consent of the gentleman from Ohio that it was
done. In fulfillment of my promise to the gentle-
man from New York, I renew the motion that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes after four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned until Tuesday next.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 23, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. J. R. Eckard.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PITCH presented the petition of Jane
B&nstead, widow of James Ranstead, a revolu-
tionary soldier, praying to be allowed the pension
due her under the act of 1838; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of Grin-
nell, Minturn & Co., and numerous other mer-
chants and ship-owners of New York, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill before the
Senate to repeal the laws allowing fishing boun-
ties; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of me-
chanics of the District of Columbia, praying for
the enactment of a law for the enforcement of
mechanics'liens on buildings in the District of
Columbia; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia. *
Mr. HAMMOND presented additional papers
in support of the claim of Richard W.Meade,
for the repayment of expenses incurred by him
in consequence of the refusal of the commander
of the Pacific squadron to allow him to take com-
mand of a vessel, in obedience to an order of the
Secretary of the Navy; which were referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. KING presented the petition of E. G.
Spaulding and others, citizens of the United
States, praying that the public lands may here-
after be held for the use of actual settlers, at the
lowest possible rates; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. IVERSON presented an additional paper
in relation to the claim of Richard G. Dove, to
compensation as messenger in the office of the
Third Auditor; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of Edward
Merritt, late an army express rider, in the Mex-
ican war, praying to be allowed a pension or other
compensation, for services rendered and injuries
received in public service; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. JONES presented a memorial and joint
resolution of the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of
additional mail facilities in that State; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legislature
of Iowa, praying for a grant of land to aid in the
construction of the McGregor, St. Peters, and
Missouri River railroad; which was referred to
| the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
| primed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it wa8
Ordered, That the memorial of Isaac Varn, sr., and the
petition of David It. I'ahner, of the tiim of rainier & Ferns,
on the fill's, of ihe Senate, bo releireit to the Committee on
Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. POSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Eliza
A. Merchant, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 163) for the relief of Eliza A.
Merchant, widow of the late First Lieutenant
and Brevet Captain Charles G. Merchant, United
States Army. The bill was read, and passed to
a second reading; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. IV'ERSON, from the CommitteeonClaims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Mrs. Jane
M. McCrabb, submitted a report, accompanied
by a biX (S. No. 164) to provide for the settle-
ment of the accounts of the late Captain John W.
McCrabb. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Ordered, Tliat two thousand additional copies of the re-
poit of the Committee on Territories on the message of the
President communicating a constitution for Kansas, with
the views of the minorities of the said committee, be punted
for the use of the Senate.
MAP OP FLORIDA.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Ordered, That five thousand extra .copies of the map of
Florida, accompanying the repoit of the Secretary of War,
illustrative of the recent surveys for a canal in thatState,
| communicated to the Senate the 11th of June, 1850, be
' printed.
| BILL INTRODUCED,
j Mr. JONES asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
! R. No. 19) toextond the limitations of theaeten-
titled " An act for the relief of citizens of towns
upon lands of the United States, under certain cir-
cumstances," approved March 23, 1844; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
INDIANA YEARLY MEETING OF FRIENDS.
Mr. PUGH. On Friday, on the motion of the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] Senate
bill No. 46 was laid on the table, instead of being
postponed. I move that it be taken up, and re-
stored to its proper place on the Private Calendar,
simply that it may not lose its chance. I sup-
pose the Senator intended to move to postpone it
until the next private bill day. It is a bill to grant
the right of preemption in certain lands to the In-
diana Yearly Meeting of Friends.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and its farther consideration was postponed until
to-morrow.
LAKE PEPIN RESERVATION.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the bill (S. No. 82)
to amend an act entitled "An act to authorize the
j President of the United States to cause to be sur-
! veyed the tract of land in the Territory of Min-
| nesota belonging to the half-breeds or mixed
i bloods of the Dacotah or Sioux nation of Indians,
| and for other purposes," approved July 17,1854,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to amend the act of July 17,1854,
so that the body of land known as the half-breed
tract, lying on the west side of Lake Pepin and
the Mississippi river, in the Territory of Minne-
sota, and which is authorized to be surveyed by
that act, shall be subject to the operation of the
laws regulating the sale and disposition of the pub-
lic lands, with a proviso thai when any of these
lands are claimed by preemption, under settle-
ment and cultivation, heretofore made, proof and
payment shall be made within three months after
the passage of the act; and when any of the lands
come within the provisions of the act of 23d May,
1844, " for the relief of citizens of towns upon
lands of the United States, under certain circum-
stances," such proof and payment shall be made
within three months after the passage of the act;
and, in either case, if the entries are not made at
! that time, the claim shall be forfeited.
I The provisions of this law are not to extend to
I any tract or subdivision which may have been
i settled upon, in good faith, by, and is in the oc-
! cupancy of, any of the half-breeds or mixed
i bloods, which lands, so settled upon and occu-
I pied by the half-breeds, are expressly declared to
| be subject to no other disposition than location by
i the "certificates" or "scrip" authorized to be
issued by the act of 1854, for the benefit of these
Indians.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed by the commit-
tee to offer two or throe small amendments. The
first is in line fourteen, to strike out " three" and
insert " twelve" so that it will read, " proof and
payment shall be made within twelve months."
Then, in line two of the second section, I move
to strike out the word " law" and insert " act."
I also move to add at the end of the second sec-
tion the following:
Nor shall the provisions of this act extend to any lands
located prior to its passage on half-breed scrip, without the
consent of the settler or settieis thereon.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in. The bill was ordered
t^be engrossed and read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
LIABILITY OP SHIP-OWNERS.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Senate to take up
. another bill of an important character, reported
from the Committee on Commerce. It is the bill
S. No. 77.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 77) to amend an act entitled
" An act to limit the liability of ship-owners and
j for other purposes," approved March 3, 1851.
! Its object is to declare that the provisions of the
! "act to'iimit the liability of ship-owners, and for
I other purposes," approved March 3, 1851, shall
| be applicable to the owner or owners of steam-
i boats, sail vessels, and propellers used in the nav-
