2912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
Third amendment:
For of five extra clerks employed in the
Crnlian oilier under thp acts of 5tU March, 1854, and 3d
RJarth. Ick">5, and under appropriations made from year to
year, #7,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It is represented
by the Indian department that temporary clerks
are necessary; but the Committee of Ways and
Means, not perhaps having sufficient information
on the subject, did not deem it expedient at this
time, and recommend a non-concurrence.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Pa'mec?.—For fulfilling the stipulation oftltfe treaty with
the Pawnees on the "24th of September 
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The amendments
from number four to number twenty-five all relate
to one treaty with the Indians. The Government
of the United States entered into a treaty with the
Pawnee Indians on the 24th of September, 1857.
That treaty has been ratified by the Senate tins
session; and hence this appropriation could not
come into the original Indian appropriation bill,
and had to be put into the supplemental bill. This
treaty, however, is now ratified, and is the high-
est law of the land. The amendments from four
to twenty-five inclusive, are for appropriations in
accordance with the stipulations of the treaty, and
admit of no debate. The amount of the whole is
#87,230.
The question was taken on the amendments in
gross, and they were severally concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior is hereby authorized to release the Ameucnn
lioaid of Commissioner.-. lor Foreign Missions from their ob-
ligation*, under the fourth aiticle of the Oheiokee treaty, to
expend the value of the Unum and fl.uinony mission ies-
orvathms awarded tluMii,ou sehooN among the and
in nnprovingthen condition : Provided, That the rfeeie ary
of tin; In tenor may, at hi.- discretion, direct what other des-
titute tube or tribci among whom t<aid money hluill be ex-
pended bv tttid board for Mirli pin pose.-, and make Mich
othei regulations a*, will beeure the pioper and faithtul ap-
plication ot said fund.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This beingan In-
dian supplemental appropriation bill, and not a
bill to regulate public lands, the Committee of
Ways and Means think it is not proper to legis-
late in this particular, and lecomuienda non-con-
currenco.
Mr. MORGAN. Is the amendment right in
itself, or is it objected to because it is in the wrong*
bill ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The committee
have great doubt about its being right, and it is
not a pressing case.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred m.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
And he it further enacted, That where, by or pursuant to
the pioviMon-oi any treaty with any tribe of Indians, tracts
ot land ouHide ol the limits of any tribal reservation have
been or .shall he set ap-irt for the u*e of individual Indians,
to be held in seveialty, and the p.n\ er revived to Cougies^,
or ihe Pro-idem ot the I rnitod States, to authorize the li-sue
of patent!- th 'it'lor, and io make regulations re-pectmg the
pale or alienation ot such tiacts, or where the treaty is hlent
on the subject, it shall and may be lawlul lor such I'eservees
to sell and convey Mich tracts of land, whether they bo lie Id
as re-ervanoii-s by the uMial Indian title, or hy grant and
deed ot eonvevunce ot *ueh lands, duly executed by the le-
bervee, shall be ?o construed a* to ve^-t in the put chaser a
title and tee-simple to the lauds so conveyed: Provided,
That such sales -hall lie made in eonfoimity to such tulcs
and regulations, for the purpose of pieventmg fraud and im-
position, and (>f securing lo and tor the reservees the full
and lair value of the land*, as may be piesenbed by the
Commissioner of Indian Allans, with the appioval of the
Secretary ol the Jntonor: And provided further, 'i'hat no
sale oi conveyance of Mich tracts shall be of any validity,
except the -amo shall have been submitted to, or received
the appioval of, the Secretary of the fnteuor.
Mr. J GLANCY JONES. Mr. Chairman,
there is a considerable amount of legislation in
this amendment. It is well known to the House
that under the present system of conducting our
relations with the Indians, we grant reservations
to the tribes. In some few cases, however, in
making treaties with the Indians, there has been
a stipulation to apportion the lands among the In-
dians individually, and not to give them to the
tribe. This amendment proposes to allow each
individual member of the tribe to dispose of his j
own real estate without the advice or consent of j
any one. In some cases it might be important: :
but it is a very dangerous change in the law, un- j
less it should be well matured, and very carefully 1
examined. For this reason the Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
And he it further enacted, That the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs'shall be, and he hereby is, authorized,whenever
the interests of the reservee render it expedient, to require
the purchase money for any such tract of land to be paid
to the United States agent foi the tribe to which the reser-
vee belongs, or other officer ofthe United States authorized
to receive it, and to retain the same, to be afterwards ap-
plied. under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
for the ben^t of the reservee, in such manner as may be
deemed best for his interests and welfare.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. That amendment
is open to the same objection as the last; and the
Committee of Ways and Means recommend a
non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
And he it further enacted, That, where the tribal reserva-
tion of anv tribe of Indians is, or shall be, in pursuance of
the provisions of any treaty with such tiibe, divided among
the individual member* of the tribe, to be held by them tu
severalty, no sales by individuals of the tracts assigned to
them shall ever be made, except to members of the tribe or
to the United States; and if any person not employed under
the authority of the United States should attempt to tieat
or negotiate, directly or indirectly, with any individual In-
dian, lor the pureha&e of any tract of land held or claimed
by him, such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of ft 1,000,
to be lecovered before any court ol the United States having
jurisdiction, m the manner presenbed by the twenty-sev
enth section of the act of Congress of June 30, 1834, com-
monly called the intercourse act.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means rccommend a non-concurrence
in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirtieth amendment:
And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs be, and he heiehy is, authorized, with the ap-
pioval ofthe Secretaiy ofthe Interior, to remove fiom any
tubal reservation any peison found therein without au-
tlmuty of law, or whose presence within the limits of the
leservation may, in his judgment, he detrimental to the
peace and weltaru of the Indians, and to employ for the
pui pose such foice as may be necessary to enable the agent
to eff ct the removal of such person or persons.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, The Committee of
Ways and Means think thisa very good amend-
ment. It will enable the Indian agents to expel
from the Indian territory all persons who have
no right there, and to use sufficient force to drive
them out. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend a concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. I do not know but that this
may be all right; but it seems to me to be placing
very great power in the hands of these Indian
agents; and I know of some of them who ought
to be kept out of the Indian country themselves,
and who are very incompetent to put off otheis.
I hope the amendment will not be concurred in.
Mr. LEITER. I hope the provision will be
agreed to. There is immense trouble growing up
in the western country, owing, to the fact of
squatters going upon the Indian reservations in
violation of law. I hope, therefore, that this
amendment will be agreed to. $
Mr. CCJRTIS. I wish to amend the amend-
ment so as to require the Commissioner to re-
move all persons. This leaves it in his discretion.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Indian agent
has no discretionary power. The Secretary of
the Interior may instruct the agent to remove
persons who are in the Indian country in violation
of law, or who are deleterious and injurious to the
Indians. The agent cannot remove a single man,
but he may report to the Secretary of the Interior,
and if the Secretary thinks that they ought to be
removed, he will so instruct the agent.
Mr. CURTIS. I move lo amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word " any," and in-
serting " all," so as to make it " all persons." I
understand the operation of the amendment per-
fectly well, because 1 am familiar with the front-
ier. I know rerv well that men have heretofore
gone, and will hereafter go, to the Indian agents
and obtain their permission to remain in the In-
dian country, and I think this would be a very
i dangerous power to place m the hands of Indian
j agents. Persons can go into the Indian territory
i for the purpose of trading lawfully, under certain
[ restrictions; but all persons who aie m the ter-
; ritory unlawfully ought to be removed thence,
j Mr. KUNKRL, of Pennsylvania. I would like
| to ask the gentleman from Iowa the purport of
I his amendment ? The Senate amendmentauthor-
1 iaes the removal of any person found to be inju-
rious to the Indians. The gentleman proposes
to amend it by striking out" any"and inserting
" all." What is the force of his amendment?
Mr. CURTIS. It proposes that all persons
who are there contrary to law shall be removed.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. The amend-
ment of the Senate provides that any person there
contrary to law, or who is found to be injurious
to the Indians, shall be removed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suggest that in-
stead of granting permission to the officer to do it,
he be required to do it.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to strike out the word
"any" and insert " all," so that it will apply to
the removal of all.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I suggest that in-
stead of reading " that the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs be authorized," &c., it read, "au-
thorized and required."
Mr. CURTIS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move mine in-
stead of it.
Mr. COLFAX. By the first clause he may
remove all persons there contrary to law, and by
the latter clause he may remove such other per-
son or persons, as he may consider detrimental,
j! I think that it gives him too much power.
Mr. GROW. iN'o person has a right to go upon
Indian lands now, without permission. Any
persons who go there without permission can be
put off by military force.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The amendment
only reenacts the law now upon your statute-
book. Our Indian agents are required to remove
all persons who may attempt to settle in the In-
dian country, or upon any of the Indian reserva-
tions, unless they have licenses from the Indian
agents. Persons can go there for trade, but they
must be licensed. Military force may be used, m
cases of extremity, to put off intruders.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Davis, of Maryland, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. The first branch ofthe amend-
ment authorizes him to remove all persons there
contrary to law; and the second branch author-
izes him to remove everybody else that he chooses.
I am opposed to that latter branch, and I move to
strike it out.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If my friend does
not want every person removed who, in the opin-
ion of the Secretary of the Interior, is detrimental
to the Indians, then he had better have the amend-
ments voted down.
Mr. STANTON. The effect is to give Indian
agents the control of the settlement of the Indian
country—to decide what class of white popula-
tion shall settle there. It may be used for polit-
ical purposes or any other purposes. He"may
select his own political friends. He can permit
one class to go there to the exclusion of all others.
I do not know what the law has been heretofore,
but that is the effect of it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. As it strikes
me here, the Indian agents have nothing to do
with it. The Indian agent has no power at all
until the military force comes to be used. The
discretion and judgment aie to be exercised by
the Secretary of the Interior. The Commissioner
! of Indian Affairs, with the approbation of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, has a right, to remove from
the Indian reservations any persons found there
without authority of law, and any person who, in
the opinion of the Secretary of the Interior, may
be injurious to the Indians; and he has the right
to use such force a.- may be needed for that re-
moval. The agent is notanactoratall until there
is a determination on the part of the Secretary to
I use force. The-discretion is with the Secretary
only.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to strike out
" agent,55 and inserti( superintendent.55
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the Senate, as amended.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
G2, noes 22.
Mr. BUFFINTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton,
and Ckaige of North Carolina, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 77, noes 48.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-first amendment:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
