1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29.
a lofty tone. They complain of wrongs! The
North complains of wrongs ! grievous wrongs !
I see very clearly that the policy of northern gen-
tlemen is to stir up the resentments of theNorth,
and produce the impression that a great injury
is attempted to be done to northern interests, and
great violence to northern sentiments. Sir, with
my consent they shall not succeed in such an
effort. There is nothing in any of these propo-
sitions which have been before the House—the
Senate bill, the House amendment, or the bill
recommended by the commilteR of conference—
which involves any loss or injury on the part of
theNorth; or which involves any advantage or
good to the South. It is simply a question of the
degree in which the North is to be benefited; it
is simply a question of the degree in which the
South is to be injured. I wish to vindicate the
good sense of the South; nay, sir, not even their
good sense; I wish to show that they are not ab-
solutely blind and stupid.
I do not know a gentleman here from the South
who supposes that there is anything of advantage
or gain to our section of the country in any one
of the three propositions which have been before
us for the settlement of this Kansas question.
These plans leave us free to do little more than to
select the mode of our execution. All that we
have attempted to do is to choose the easiest death.
To the South, the choice between these three plans
involves only the question as to which is the most
graceful form of submission. To the North, it
presents only the inquiry as to which is the most of-
fensive mode of triumph. Sir, as a representative
of Virginia I have 110 special reason for desiring
the admission of Kansas as a State of this Union
under any form of government. To me there is
nothing alluring in the prospect. There is noth-
ing in the political opinions, the sentiments, or
the history of the people of Kansas to make the
South court an association with them as a State
of this Union.
Sir, the South has, and ought to have, grave
objections to the admission of Kansas—objec-
tions of a national charactcr; objections of apolit-
ical character, and objections of a sectional char-
acter. Objections of a national character, because
wo do not desire, nor should the people of any
State desire, the multiplication of small States.
We do not want the number of Senators unduly
increased. It is now large enough, if not, indeed,
too large already. We do not want the sense of
personal responsibility to be diminished and lost
among the large number who share it. We prefer,
or ought to prefer, that there should be in the Sen-
ate of the United States a small number of great
men rather than a great number of small men.
We have objections of a political character, for,
as members of the Democratic party, wo are too
well aware that Kansas would bring to us no
stiengtli in our political relations. We have ob-
jections of a sectional character, because we know
that so long as Kansas remains in her territorial
condition, she must, by an unchangeable law, re-
mam a slave Territory; and that slavery can never
be excluded until we confer upon her, as a State,
the capacity to exclude it. But we surrender these
grave objections for the common good of the whole
country.
Let not the attempt be made, then, to fix upon
the northern mind the impression that the south-
ern members, in voting fur the admission of Kan-
sas as a State,are proposing anything which can
result in loss, injury, or wrong to the North. The
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] this
inclining complained—-reiterating the complaints
made yesterday on this floor—that the bill report-
ed by the committee of confcrence proposed to ad-
mit Kansas into the Union with one population,
under a constitution allowing slavery, and to re-
quue a larger population, with a constitution pro-
hibiting slavery. Sir, 1 say thatno fairconstruc-
tmn of the bill could justify any such criticism.
There is nothing in the terms of the bill, there is
110 thing in the spirit of 1 he bill, which could justify
such a conclusion. What is it that the bill pro-
poses? Simply that if the people of Kansas ac-
cept the terms tendered to them by Congress, they
may be admitted into the Union as one of the
States of the Confederacy. If they reject the terms
tendeied to them by Congress, they are not to
(■film' into the Union, until they have a population
Biitiicient to entitle them to one Representative
upon the iloor of this House.
These are the words of the law. Now, sir, is
there anything concealed beneath these words
which will justify the conclusions arrived at by
the gentleman from Kentucky ? I defend the lan-
guage of the act. But the gentleman asks, why
not exclude them altogether, until they have a
sufficient population to entitle them to a Repre-
sentative ? Why admit them now, if they accept
the terms of the proposition made them by Con-
gress? Does not the gentleman from Kentucky
know that, during the last three or four years,
various movements have been made to admit
Kansas into the Union as a State ? Does he not
know that almost every gentleman upon the floor
of this House, stands committed to the admission
of Kansas as a State? Does he not know that
the gentlemen now acting with him in opposition
to this measure, all voted for the. admission of
Kansas, under the Topeka application ? Does
not the gentleman know that most of the gentle-
men 011 this side of the House voted, or were
ready to vote, for a bill to enable the people of
Kansas to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, and to be admitted into the Union under
what is commonly termed the Toombs bill?
Here, then, were inducements held out to the
people of Kansas to form a constitution and State
government, and apply for admission into the
Union. Under these inducements, the Territorial
Legislature of Kansas passed an act for taking the
sense of the people of Kansas, whether they de-
sired admission into the Union as a State.
Now, the gentleman has said, and I will not at-
tempt to controvert the position, that that was
not a rightful act of legislation; that it conferred
no authority upon the people of Kansas to demand
admission into the Union. Butl will remind the
gentleman of one thing which he seems to have
overlooked: I presume the gentleman will not differ
from me, when I say that, although in the organic
act of the Territory of Kansas, the acts of the
Territorial Legislature were not required to be
submitted to Congress for revision, yet it was
competent for Congress to annul any act of the
Territorial Legislature of Kansas, as they may
the territorial acts of Utah or New Mexico. But
Congress did not repudiate any of its acts. This
law was passed by the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas. It might have been disapproved by
Congress. It was not disapproved. If that act,
then, had any validity, it owed it to the acquies-
cence or the implied consent of Congress, by its
failure to annul it.
Mr. MAI1SHALL, of Kentucky. I would
like to know how Congress is to know anything
about it?
Mr. MILLSON. How was Congress to know
anything about the other laws which were pro-
posed to be annulled by the bill introduced into the
Senate by Mr. Toombs, and passed by that body?
It is true that there was no clause in the Kansas-
Nebraska bill requiring the territorial laws to be
sent to Congress for revision; but it is equally true
that that does not prevent us from inquiring into
their legislation. W e can know their laws as a mat-
ter of history, as we may know the laws and under-
stand the legislation of any other legislative body.
I say, then, to the gentleman that we know the
existence of the law to which I have referred ex-
actly as we have the right to know the existence
of any other law passed by the Territorial Legis-
lature of Kansas. The gentleman would have
encountered no difficulty of this sort in voting for
the bill, which I presume lie approved, proposing
to annul certain of the acts of Kansas.
Then, sir, I say that the people of Kansas had
a right to regard themselves as authorized to seek
admission into the Union; authorized by the
general assent of both branches of Congress, at
different times, and on different propositions,
and all acknowledging their right to apply for
admission into the Union. And they had the
right so to regard it, from the fact that Congress
did not interfere to annul the law passed by then-
own Territorial Legislature, giving them the au-
thority. We stand committed to the people of
Kansas. They would have a right to complain
if they were lefused admission, on proper terms
and conditions. They would have a right to say
to Congress, "yon encouraged us to make this
application; you, by your silence, approved the
law which gave us the right to hold the conven-
tion which framed a constitution at Lecompton;
and you will act in bad faith towards us, if you
now reject our application, merely on the ground
that wehave not sufficient population. Youknew
our population when you gave an implied, if not
an express, consent to our admission."
Congress, then, being committed to the accept-
ance of Kansas if she proposes such terms as are
admissible by the Representatives of the people,
wo cannot refuse her admission into the Union,
simply because of a want of population. But she
haa no right to make unreasonable exactions of
us. We may refuse them, and propose reason-
able conditions. If she will not accept them, we
may then say, " if you will not now come into
the Union, except upon terms that we cannot
yield, we tell you that we give you no further au-
thority to become a State; and we mean to treat
you,as we treat all the otherTerritories;and you
shall not be entitled to come into the Union until
you have sufficient population."
I believe that it is impossible for gentlemen to
give the construction to this bill which has been
given by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall,] by the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Howard,] by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingiiam,] and by other gentlemen in this
debate. It is nothing but a simple submission of
a fair proposition to the people of Kansas. If
they object to it, they are no longer to demand
admission into the Union. If they accept it, they
come into the Union, not because they come with
the constitution made a^Lecompton; but only,
because, before we knew what constitution they
would adopt, we pledged our faith to them that
they should come. That is the answer to the
gentleman's complaint.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis]
said yesterday, and challenged the citation of any
instance to the contrary, that there never had been
any case in which the admission of a State into
the Union was made to depend upon a precedent
assent to a condition imposed by Congress. I will
tell the gentleman that he will find in the joint
resolution authorizing the annexation of Texas,
exactly such a case as he denied to have existed,
That joint resolution expressly provided, that,
certain conditions should be proposed to the peo-
ple of Texas, and their admission into the Union
was made to depend upon their acceptance of these
conditions. And it was only after the acceptance
of these conditions that they were admitted into
the Union. Was it supposed that that was any
derogation from the sovereign rights of Texas?
Unquestionably not; for the act admitting her, ex-
pressly stated that she was admitted upon an equal
footing with all the other States of the Union.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shall] asked, why not let the State of Kansas come
in with any constitution she pleases? I was forci-
bly struck with the inconsistency of the argument
of the gentleman. He said that this bill ought to
have allowed the State of Kansas to form another
constitution, in the event of her rejection of the con-
ditions proposed to her. Yet a few moments af-
terwards he stated that the population of Kansas
was hardly forty thousand. He has answered his
own inquiry. If there be, as the gentleman states,
only forty thousand people in Kansas, that is the
reason why the alternative consent was not given.
We have acquitted ourselves of our obligation to
Kansas, by agreeing to admit her upon the appli-
cation which she made at our own instance. If
she rejects that, then we have the right to say that
she shall not come into the Union except upon
such terms, just and reasonable, as are prescribed
by ourselves. These terms have no sort of refer-
ence to the character of the institutions of Kan-
sas. We have nothing to do with any particular
form of constitution for Kansas.
Sir, I will tell gentlemen that Congress cannot
prevent them from having such a constitution as
they choose. Congress has no right to judge of
the constitution of Kansas. It is not one of the
functions of Congress to approve or disapprove a
State constitution. Gentlemen have talked here,
in louse phraseology, about Kansas coming in
under the Lecompton constitution, or not coming
in under it. I will tell gentlemen that the power
of Congress is simply to admit a State. They
have no control over a constitution. I will go
further, and say that it is not a part of the busi-
ness of Congress, nor is it the right of Congress,
in its collective or corporate capacity, to know
what constitution is the constitution of the people
of Kansas.
