•i -> -x r.itf
THE COIGRESSffl
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, W^SHTMSTONcP'.1-'G-L:
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 12, 1858.
NEW SERIES. .. .No. 183,..
the Interior be, and he is Hereby, authorized and directed
to pay to such persons of Miami blood as have heretofore
been excluded from the annuities of the tribe, since the re-
moval of the Miatnies in 1846, and since the treaty of 1854,
and whose names arc notiucluded m the supplement to said
treaty, fhpir proportion of the tribal annuities from which
they have been excluded; and he is also authorized and
directed to enroltsuch persons upon the pay-list of said tribe,
and cause theirannuities to be paid to them mfuture. Pro-
vided, That the foregoing payments shall be in full of all
claims for annuities arising out of previous treaties. And
said Secretary is also authonzed and directed to cause to
be located for such person55, each two hundred aeres of land
out of the tract of seventy thousand acres reserved by the
second article of the treaty of June 5, 1854, with the Mi-
amies, to bo held by such persons by the same tenure as the
locations of individuals are held, which have been made
under the third article of said treaty.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Upon examina-
tion of the matter, it was ascertained that some
of the Miami Indians were omitted from the list.
The amendment provides that they shall be reck-
oned m. It brings in a few Indians who were
unjustly left out. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in-
All the amendments having been disposed of,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Faulkner reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the Senate amendments to a bill (H. R.
No. 557) making supplemental appropriations
for the support of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with certain Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30,1859, and had
directed him to reportthe same back to the House,
with the recommendation that some be concurred
in, and that others be non-concurred in, and that
others be concurred in with amendments.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I demand the pre-
vious question upon the amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. If it is the pleasure of the
House, the Chair will put the question first upon
all the amendments in gross in which the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
recommend a concurrence.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to say that I am
opposed to the first amendment, though I do not
propose to call the yeas and nays upon it.
No objection being made to the suggestion of
the Chair, the question was taken upon the first,
second,fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh,eighth,ninth,
tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth,
fifteenth, sixteenth,seventeenth,eighteenth, nine-
teenth, twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-second,
twenty-third, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, and
thirty-first amendments of the Senate; and they
were concurred m.
The third, twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, twen-
ty-eighth, and twenty-ninth amendments of the
Senate, were severally non-concurred in.
The thirtieth amendment of the Senate was re-
ported with the following amendment:
Line three, after the word " authorized," insert the words
" and required," so that the amendment will read:
And be it farther enacted, That the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs be,sand he herebyis, authorized and lequired,
with the approval of the Secretary of the Interior, to re-
move from any tubal reservation, &.c.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it Vvaa agreed t#.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment, as amended.
Mr. STANTON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 66, nays GO; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ahl, Arnold, Bowie, Boyee, Biyan,
Burnett, Rums, Caskie, Chapman, Clemens, John Coch-
lane, Coining, Cox, James Crnig, Kurion Oiaijre, Claw-
ford, Outry, Davis oflndtnua. Edmundson, Eu^us. Fau'k-
ner, Foley, Gartrell, Giegg, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch,
Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jewett, Geoige W.
Jones, J. Ghtncy Jones, Owen Jones, Jacob M. Kunke\,
John C. Kunkel, Leidy, Leitcr, Letcher, Humphrey Mar-
183
shall. Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Millson, Morrill, Nib-
lack, Pendleton, Peyton, Phillips, Powell, Rufiin, Russell-,
Savage, Scales, Scott, Henry M,_Shaw? Singleton, William
Smith, James A. Stewart, George Taylor, Miles Taylor,
Walton, Wmslow, Woodson, worteridyke, and John V.
Wright—66.
frAYS — Messrs. Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst, Bing-
ham, Blair, Brayton/Buffinton, Biirhngame, Case, Oav-
anaugh, Chaffee, Horace F.Clark, John B. Clark,Clark B.
Cochrane, Colfax, Cornins, Covode, Cragtn, Curtis, Davis
of Maryland, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Fenton,
Foster, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow,
Ilailan, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Lovejoy, Matieson, Mor-
gan, Edward Joy Morns, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A.
Morse, Mott, Murrav, Olin, Palmer, Parker, William W.
Phelps, Purviance, Roberts, Rovce, Judson W. Sherman,
Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, William Stewait, Thayer,
Tompkins, Wade, and Ellihu B. Washburne—60.
So the amendment, as amended, was concurred
in.
Pending the vote,
Mr. MORGAN stated that Mr. Kelsey had
been detained from the House, yesterday and to-
day, in consequence of sickness in his family.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that if he had been in
the Hall when his name was called, he would have
voted in the negative.
The SPEAKER. The hour having arrived
(four o'clock, p. m.) for the House to take a re-
cess, the House takes a recess till six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at six o'clock.
SHERLOCK AND SHIRLEY.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads, Senate bill (No. 287) for the
relief of Sherlock & Shirley. The committee
recommends its passage. It appropriates no
money, but is simply to provide for reopening
and adjusting the account of these men on prin-
ciples of equity and justice. It is very carefully
guarded, and will work no injustice to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. ENGLISH. The bill makes no appro-
priation of money.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But it releases
money forfeited to the Government.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to suspend the rules;
and call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes-51, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 have no desire to embar-
rass the House, and therefore withdraw my mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I would inquire of
the Chair if there is a quorum present?
The SPEAKER proceeded to count the House;
and announced that there were one hundred and
twenty members (a quorum) present.
HEIRS OF JOHN PAULDING AND OTHERS.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report a bill from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, in order that it may be
placed upon the "Calendar. I ask nothing more.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. A great
many of us here have bills which we desire to
report.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended—ayes 101, noes 24,
Mr. DAWfiS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, then reported a bill for the relief of
John Paulding, David Williams, Isaac. Van Wirt,
and John Champ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. GILMER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee on Public Lands
be discharged from the further consideration of
House bill (No. 368) to prevent the accumulation
of an unnecessary surplus m the Treasury, and
to equalize the grants of land to the several States.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee* I'object.,
Mr. GILMER. I move to suspend the'Yules,-
and on that motion I ask the yeas and nays. * • -
The yeas and nays were ordered. I'"*
Mr. ATKINS (at twenty-five minutes afteirlix
o'clock, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn, and on that motion! ask the yeas ami
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. "
The Ilouse refused to adjourn.
WILLIAM S. BRADFORD.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 610) for
the relief of William S. Bradford; when the
Speaker signed the same.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC LANDS—AGA!IN.
The question recurred on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, for the introduction of a motion to
discharge the Committee on Public Lands from
the further consideration of House bill(Nov-§®3)'
to prevent the accumulation of an unnecessary
surplus in the Treasury, and to equahze!the grants
of lands to the several States.
Mr. LEITER. I ask that the bill be read.
The bill is as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of America in Congress assembled', Tliat
hereafter, whenever, at the end of any and each fiscal year,
there shall remain in the Treasury of the United States a
sin plus over and above the immediate demands on the
Tieat-ury, and the sum of $6,000,000, subject to the Treas-
urers. drafts, in payment of warrants, such surplus shall be
deposited with such of the several States, in proportion to
their respective representation in the Senate and-Houfce of
Representauve* of the United States, as shall,' by law, au-
thoiize then tiea&uters, or other competent authorities, to
receive tin? same on the terms hereinafter specified; and
the Secietaiy of the Treasury shall dehvertbe same to such
treasurers, or other competent authorities, on receiving cer-
tificates ol deposit therefor, signed by such competent au-
thorities, m such lorm as may be prescribed by the Secre-
tary aforesaid ; winch certificates shall express the usual
and legal obligations, and pledge the faith of the State, for
the safe-keeping and repayment thereof, and shall pledge
ibe faith of the States receiving the same to pay the. said
moneys, and every part thereof, from time to time, when-
ever the same shall be required by the Secretary of the
Tieasuiyfoi the purpose of defraying any wants of the pub-
lic Treasury beyond the amount of the $6,000,000 aforesaid :
Provided, That if any State declines to receive its propor-
tion of the surplus aforesaid on the termsbefore named, the
same shall be deposited with the other Statesjagreemg to
accept the same on deposit m the proportion aforesaid:
And provided further, That when said money, or any part
thereof, shall be wanted by the said Secretary to meet ap-
propriations by law, the same shall be called for in ratable
propoi tions. within one year, as nearly as conveniently may
be, fiom the different States with which the same is depos-
ited, and shall not be called for, m sums exceeding ten thou-
sand doljars from any one State in anyone month,without
pievious notice of thirty days, for eveiy additional sum of
$20,000 which may at any time be required: And provided
further, That the surplus moneys m the Treasury hereby
j required to be deposited shall not exceed the proceeds of
I the sales of the public lands from and alter the passage of
! this act.
Skc. 2 Jind be it further enacted, That from and after, and
dining tins Congress, in all cases, when any portion of the
| public lands is granted or given by Congress to any State,
I or to any county, township, school, company, or corpora-
| tion, in said State, there shall, also, at the same time, be
due, and granted to each of the other States respectively,
other public lands in quantity, so that each State, at the
same time, shall leceiveof the public lands equally,in pro-
poition to the representation of said States in Congress:
Pro cided, however, That a giant of the right of way for roads
of all kinds through the public lands in any State, and the
lands given to any State on its admission, shall not entitle
the other States to have or receive any lands as an equiva-
lent therefor.
Src. 3. -2nd beitfurther enacted, That the Commissioner
of the Public Land*, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, shall issue to each of the Slates, respectively,
land warrants to the amount m a!!, to which each State is
j respective!}*entitled under this act, and said States aresev-
1 erallv authonzed to leceive and to sell and dispose of said
landwarrants foi their own useful purposes, and said wai-
rants are to be valid and effectual in the bands of any owner
or holder thereof, and may be located by such owner or
holder upon any public lands for sale, or subject to private
emrv, and the same fees to be paid therefor by the holders
therpof. And the tide of the land so located by any owneror
holder of said land warrants, shall be secured and perfected
to such owner or holder in the same manner as other land
warrants issued by the United States. Said land warrants
shall be engraved and printed, so us to pi event deception
and counterfeiting; shali be signed by the Secretaiy of the
Interim, ur Commis-uonei of the Public Lands, or for them
by surh other persons as the said Seeietary may direct, and
countersigned by the Governor of each State receiving the
