1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
that in consequence of the apathy or over confi-
dence of his friends in one or two counties of a
district which embraced seven or eight. What
"effect it ought to have I will not say; but I will say
that, in 1855, eighteen months after tl^e vote given
by that gentleman against the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, he carried his district and was reelected by
an increased vote; getting at that time a vote ex-
ceeding his proper party strength in his district.
In 1855, 1 ought to have stated in fairness, that
two of the members of Congress who had voted
against the Kansas-Nebraska act, were defeated;
but from the inquiries I made at the time, I came
to the conclusion, which I have notsince changed,
that their defeat was not the result of their course
on the Kansas-Nebraska act as upon the question
of the American principles and formula, which
was the main point on which that election turned.
Prom this revie# of the three several elections
in their order which have taken place since the
passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, I think I am
warranted in saying that upon no fair rule of in-
terpretation applicable to such questions, can it be
said that my countrymen of Tennessee have de-
clared against my course. But I pass on, sir.
In one of the garbled extracts quoted in the
preamble of these resolutions and taken from a
speech I made in the closing debate on the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, in the Senate, in 1854, and in
which I stated the circumstances under which I
should feel bound to resign my seat in the Sen-
ate, I said, that " if, upon this, or any other great
question affecting the interest of the South, I
should find my views conflicting materially with
what should appear to be the settled sentiment of
that section, 1 should feel it my imperative duty to
retire;'5 implying clearly that to such a sentiment,
fixed and settled in the way which I must have
had in my mind when I made lhat declaration, I
ought to defer, holding that it was more likely to
be sound and correct than my own individual
judgment, however well considered; and that if I
could not conscientiously conform to such senti-
ment, I ought to retire. Wow, as to the question
whether at any time since the passage of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act there has been any settled sen-
timent in the South in relation to the wisdom of
the Kansas-Nebraska act, I venture to say that
at no time since the passage of that measure has
there been any settled sentiment 'of the people of
the South in its favor. If you take the result of
the several elections which have taken place dur-
ing the last two or three years in the South as a
test of the sentiment of the people on this ques-
tion, I grant you that a large majority would ap-
pear to have been in favor of it; but what aie
those elections in general, and in almostevery in-
stance, but a trial of strength between parties in
which many other questions are mixed up with
this, both in the South and in ihe North, so that
they show nothing conclusively as to the number
of citizens anywhere who approved or disap-
proved of such a measure? Besides, in several
States of the South, it may have been that the
sentiment in favor of the repeal of the-Missouri
compromise appeared too strong to be resisted,
and that the opposition, upon principles of expe-
diency, might not choose to make any issue with
them upon that subject.
Again, theie is another consideration, entitled
to great weight, in showing whether these elec-
tions afford any proof whatever of a settled sen-
timent on the part of the people in relation to the
Kansas-Nebraska act. There is, in every State
of the South, in every community, a large class
of quiescent citizens, who follow their party lead-
ers, and vote with them in all elections, and who
cannot be moved to investigate or take any inter-
est in questions having only remote consequences.
Whatever may have been the sentiment of a ma-
jority of the people of the South in the last two
or three years on this subject, I venture the as-
sertion now, that if they were all polled, and their
free opinions, uninfluenced by party considera-
tions, or interest, or associations, ascertained, an
overwhelming majority would pronounce the re-
peal of the Missouri compromise the most unfor-
tunate measure ever sanctioned by Congress.
I said that the extracts quoted in the preamble
from my speech in 1854, were garbled. They are
so, as every gentleman will find who will take the
trouble to read the whole of thatspeech. In that
speech I said, in reply to the charge of the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] that I was misrep-
resenting my constituents—I do not refer to it
with any displeasure now, but I speak of it as a
fact; I stated then that I had but little doubt—I
am not certain that I did not state that I believed—
that the impressions of the people of Tennessee,
my constituents, were at that time in favor of the
measure which I was then opposing. In several
other passages of that speech I stated in sub-
stance that I took my course, relying on the in-
telligence of the people when time could be al-
lowed them to exercise their judgment in relation
to the subject, in the confidence that when they
came to understand the provisions and probable
objects of that bill, and to see its mischievous con-
sequences, they would sustain me in my course,
whatever their impressions might be at thattime.
There were parts of the context that ought to have
been quoted or referred to in the preamble to those
resolutions, as furnishing the true interpretation
of the extent of what I said in relation to resign-
ing my seat in Congress; but it did not suit the
purposes of those who got up this proceeding to
do so. I do not wish to speak of any portion of
the members of the Legislature with disrespect;
but I must say that the preamble and the first two
resolutions of the series were got up for the pur-
pose of disparaging me with the public, by giving
the solemnity of a legislative declaration to the
charge of violated pledges. But, sir, I thank God
that neither my character nor my honor is in the
keeping of such men. I regard the preamble and
first two resolutions as a gratuitous insult in all
its circumstances, entirely characteristic of those
who plotted it. I do not say this of all who voted
for or supported those resolutions.
Now, sir, it gives me pleasure to advert to the
third resolution, instructing my colleague and my-
self to vote for the admission of Kansas under the i
Lecompton constitution, because I can speak of
this with all the respect and consideration with
which I would desne to speak of all the acts and
proceedings of the Legislature of my State. I
have been foralong period of years in the public
service as a representative of the people in one
or the other branch of Congress; but I have never
had occasion to speak publicly of my sentiments
on the subject of the right of the Legislatures of
the States to control the course or vote of their
Senators upon all or any of the questions which
may arise in that body, nor shall t enter into the
subject at large now. I will not so far trespass
on the indulgence of the Senate. This doctrine
had its origin, as those who are intimately ac-
quainted with its history well know, under the
Confederation, when the States not only claimed,
but had the power, to instruct their representatives 1
in Congress, and to recall them too, they being I
nothing more than embassadors from independ- j
ent sovereignties attending a general Congress of j
the States. That is the origin of the popular no-
tions which have prevailed on this subject. Prac-
tically, we know that this doctrinehas long ceased
to be of any great use in protecting the public in-
terests of the country. I believe (I speak with-
out perfect knowledge on the subject) that this j
doctrine is incorporated as an article of faith ill
the creed or political platform of none of the po-
litical parties of this day. The late Whig party
discarded italtogether. The Democratic party, I
believe, still profess the doctrine, particularly in
some of the States; but from my observation here,
I beg leave to fsay that I find Democratic Sena-
tors obeying or disobeying instructions at their
discretion. The truth is, that its generaluse may
be aptly termed an abuse. It is resorted to for
the most part as an engine of party and to pro-
mote party ends, instead of protecting the public
interests of the country. This doctrine, so far
from having any support in the Constitution, in
my judgment is directly at war both with the
spirit and literal provisions of the Constitution as
I interpret them. A principal aim of the framers
of the Constitution; in giving to the Senate its
peculiar structure and organization, was to secure
greater stability to the policy of the Government,
and greater consistency to the national legislation,
than could be expected were both branches of Con-
gress so constituted as to admit an entire change
of its members every two years.
The advocates of this doctrine have contended
that the right of instruction springs naturally from
the relation which exists between the constituent
and the representative—a plausible argument; but
Senators do not represent the Legislature of their
States. They represent, it is true, the sovereignty
of their States—all that portion which is reserved
to them after carving out that portion which is
conferred on the Federal Government; but, oil
fundamental principles, that reserved sovereignty
does not exist in the Legislature: it is in the peo-
ple of the State. From my observation of the use
which is made of this doctrine of instruction, I
should say that the people would be, ip general,
a much safer depositary gf the right of instruction
than the Legislature; especially in times when the
Legislatures become bu t little more than political
juntas to manage the interests of a party, and to
promote party ends.
Then, again, if the position that the right of
instruction follows from the relation of constit-
uent and representative, and that the Legislature,
having the power to appoint Senators under the
Constitution, must be regarded as their constit-
uent, be well founded, it would follow, upon the
same principle, that the electoral colleges of the
States ought to have the right to control the pol-
icy and the measures of the President. They are
as much the constituents of the President as the
Legislatures are of Senators.
Again, the Constitution expressly provides that
all the legislative powers granted by that instru-
ment are vested in a Congress of the United States,
to be composed of a Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives. If the Legislatures of the several
States have the rightful power to control the votes
and the course of their Senators upon all questions
which may arise in the Senate, that provision of
the Constitution ought to be amended, so as to
read that all the legislative powers herein granted
are vested in a Congress of the United States, to
be composed of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, and in the Legislatures of the several
States. That would follow as an inevitable corol-
lary. The true theory of the Constitution upon
this subject, I think, is, that the Legislatures have
been selected as the most convenient and proper
instruments, by the framers of the Constitution,
to appoint or choose the representatives of the
States in the Senate; and that when they have
performed that duly, they have no longer any
control over them.
From these views it will bo seen that I do not
acknowledge the instructions of my Legislature
as carrying with them any obligation of obedi-
ence; nevertheless, there is no member of this
body who would be less willing to detract from,
or to disparage, or to treat with indifference or
disrespect, any expression of the opinions of a -
legislative body, in whatever form such opihions
may be addressed tS their Senators and Repre-
sentatives, whether in the language of instruction
or that of recommendation, or any other form
which they think proper. Their views and opin-
ions, in all cases, are entitled to respect; and when
their opinions, expressed in the form of instruc-
tions, or any other form, appear to have proceeded
from convictions springing from a full understand-
ing of the subject in hand, in all its bearings and
consequences,'I would say they were entitled to
great weight and influence with the Senator in
deciding upon his course in relation to it—nay,
sir, m whatever case the expression of the opin-
ions of the Legislature should come to me, formed
upon such an understanding of its bearings and
consequences as I have described, and involving
no constitutional difficulty, I should shape my
course in deference to, and in conformity with,
that opinion.
But, sir, that is not the present case; and it is
unnecessary to inquire under what circumstances
of knowledge or of influence this instructing res-
olution has been adopted by a majority of the mem-
bers of the Legislature of Tennessee. I know, we
all know, that we have not full and satisfactory
knowledge of many material and important facts
connected with the Lecompton constitution and
its presentation here; and I have no reason to sup-
pose that the members of the Legislature of Ten-
nessee had more light or better information than
we have here. But if, after availing myself of
all the information within my reach, I should find
myself constrained, by a sense of duty, to takpa
course adverse to that recommended by a majority
of the members of the Legislature of Tennessee,
it will be some consolation to me to know that
when the proposition to instruct their Senators in
Congress was first debated and brought to a vote
in the House of Representatives of the Legislature
