806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
of my State but a few weeks ago, it was- voted
down; and it will still be greater consolation to me
to know, under all the circumstances, that at least
three fourths, so far as I am informed, of my po-
litical friends in the Legislature, and perhaps even
a greater proportion to the last, manifested their
confidence in me by deciding that, on a question
so great and involving such consequences as the
present, eftid in the absence of full information
upon the subject, I- should be left free to take
whatever course, in my judgment, should be best
and safest for the protection of all great interests
of the country. This they did under circumstances
which warrant me in declaring that, by their con-
duct, they furnished an example of moral courage
rarely, if ever, equaled and never surpassed, in
the'political history of the country.
They represented slaveholding communities;
they were themselves at the same time sensitively
alive to the consequences of any error they might
fall into, which course might compromise south-
ern rights. They sat as members of the Legis-
lature, in the midstof a slaveholding community;
and any one can appreciate the embarrassments
and obstructions which they had toencounterfrom
the sansitiveness of the owners of slaves, engen-
dered and created by the long-continued agitation
of the subject of slavery, to every step or move-
ment of their representatives on a question touch-
ing even remotely their rights and interests. To
add to theembarrassmentsarisingfrom this cause,
private advices and assurances from persons in
Washington, said to be well informed and relia-
ble, were circulated, to the effect that the admis-
sion of Kansas, with the Lecompton constitution,
would not only make it a slave State for the pres-
ent, but that it could be maintained permanently
as such. Meanwhile, one of the most influential
and leading journals of Tennessee, in the interest
of the American and Whig parties, took decided
ground in favor of the admission of Kansas under
the Lecompton constitution, announcing that the
time had come when the South must stand up
against the North, come what might, and at the
same time pointing its battery on every southern
man who should dare to take an opposite course;
and, in effect, denouncing them as recreants to
southern rights, and allies of northern Abolition-
ists. Sir, it is not surprising that under such a
fire there should be some faltering in the ranks of
the minority of the Legislature; but yet the great
body of that minority moved steadily on in their
course of opposition to the policy of instruction.
I will endeavor not to disappoint their generous
confidence in me, and as the best assurance I can
give of my gratitude and my high appreciation of
their noble daring, I will try to imitate it; and I now
declare that, whatever might have been done under
other circumstances, when 1 behold the angry
storm cloud which now lowers over my country
and theirs, if I should cower to it, and desert my
post, I should consider myself self-abased—un-
worthy the confidence of such friends, and false
to the great trust confided in me by my constit-
uents. I move that the resolutions be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I regret, sir,
that the remarks which have been made 011 this
occasion compel me to say a few words in vindi-
cation of the State which I have the honor, in
part, to represent. It is a very delicate thing to
be compelled to make an issue with a colleague,
on this floor or elsewhere; but 1 do not feel that I
should be doing justice to what is commonly de-
nominated the Democratic party of the State_of
Tennessee, if I were to remain silent and abstain
from any reply to, or explanation of, what has
been said by my colleague.
In making his remarks, my colleague has taken
a course by which he intended to justify himself;
and the conclusion of it was that he felt that the
instructions of the Legislature of Tennessee were
not binding upon him. He acknowledges no ob-
ligation of obedience to their instructions. He
endeavored to prove, by a history of parties and
events there, that the Legislature was not reflect-
ing the popular sentiment. When we come to
examine the history of parties in Tennessee,
going no further back than 1854, we find that the
Kansas-Nebraska question was then a matter of
discussion throughout the State of Tennessee. I
again repeat that I regret that this discussion has
been imposed upon me; but, painful as it may be,
I shall not shrink from a duty when it is imposed
upon me. But for the remarks made hy the Sen-
ator himself on the resolutions which have been
presented, I should have been spared the perform-
ance of this painful duty.
The honorable gentleman undertakes to show
that the Legislature of Tennessee, or the people
of the State through their Legislature, have slept
too long; that the Kansas-Nebraska bill was passed
in 1854, and thatitis strange, remarkably strange,
that they should have waited until the present pe-
riod of time before they instructed him. When
we go back to the proceedings of the Legislature
in 1854, we find that the subject was then before
the Legislature prior to the passage of the bill in
this House; and the Senate of Tennessee then
passed the following resolution:
"Resolved by the General Assembly of the State of Tennes-
see, That the* bill now pending before Congress, called the
Nebraska bill, the leading principle of which is that Con-
gress has no right to legislate on the subject of slavery, but
that the same is an institution over which the people alone,
in forming their organic law, have fujl power and control,
meets our cordial apptoval and is sanctioned eleaily by the
principles of the bills creating territorial governments for
New Mexico and Utah, and we earnestly request our Sen-
ators and Representatives to give it theii hearty support."
This resolution passed the Senate with but
only one dissenting voice: it went to the House
of Representatives; and there Mr. Lamb, a mem-
ber of the Legislature, introduced a resolution in
substance the same. Mr. McKnight, a represent-
ative from the county of Rutherford, moved a
resolution in lieu of Mr. Lamb's, as follows:
''Resolved by Ike Genei'al*ftssemblyofthe State of Tennes-
see, That we cordially approve ot tlie amendment proposed
by the Hon. Aichibald Dixon, of Kentucky, to the bill re-
ported to the Senate ol'the United State.- by the Committee
on Territoues, for the organization and government of the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska. That we believe the
principle involved in £>aid amendment—that is, the extension
of the principles of the comptomise to those Terntories—
just and equitable m itself, and that it is m conformity with
the Federal Constitution, with the treaty by which thu&e
Territories were acquired, and with the compromise of
1830."
This was introduced by a Whig member of the
House of Representatives, and voted for by every
Whip: in that body. In 1854, while the Kansas-
Nebraska act was pending beforfc Congress, the
instructing resolution which I first read was
passed in the State Senate. The resolution went
to the House of Representatives, and there a sub-
stitute was offered by Mr. McKnight, who was
a Whig member, and every Whig m the Legisla-
ture voted for that amendment, which expressed
approval of the proposition of Mr. Dixon, of
Kentucky, to repeal the Missouri compromise.
When we take these two resolutions together, one
passed by the Senate of Tennessee in 1854, and
the other voted for by every member of the VV hig
party, to which my honorable colleague belongs,
in the House of Representatives of Tennessee,
can there be any mistake about public opinion
there? Can we pause, for a single moment, in
reference to public opinion on that question ? It
seems to me not.
But my honorable colleague spoke of the con-
test of 1855. He will pardon me for making the
allusion, but I was engaged in that contest, lwas
one of the candidates for Governor. I canvassed
the State from the mountains of Johnson county
to the Chickasaw Bluffs in Shelby county. I was
in nearly every county in the State; and well do
I recollect the exciting events that took plape dur-
ing that canvass. 1 had a competitor who was
eloquent, who is known to many members of this
House, who was with me on every stump in the
State. One of the leading issues in thaj. canvass
was the Kansas-Nebraska bill. I pressed my
competitor upon it before every audience, and
there were scarcely ever such turn outs in the State
as during that canvass. It was one of the main
issues between him and me. I pressed him upon
it in every single spe^h I made in the State; and
he uniformly declined to take ground. He was
afraid to take ground against it or for it, as was
then believed, for fear it would injuie him in the
canvass. He was afraid of coming in conflict with
my honorable colleague and others in the State.
There was no doubt, in fact,that he harmonized
and agreed with the Democratic party on this
point; yet he shrank-from the responsibility with
a view of getting many votes by taking a non-
committal course'. If he had taken bold ground
against the Kansas-Nebraska bill, with the other
issues pending in that canvass, he would have
been beaten thousands and thousands throughout
the State; but from the fact of his taking a non-
committal position on the Kansas-Nebraska act,
he was enabled to get many votes which he would
not have received if he had taken bold ground on
that question.
So far as^the canvass of 1855 is concerned, can
there be a doubt as to what the popularsentiment
was? Can there be any mistake about it? After
one of the most bitter and vindictive, and I may
say malignant canvasses ever conducted in any
State of this Confederacy, the Democratic party
were triumphant throughout the State of Tennes-
see; the popular vote decided that the Democratic
party was right. Then there can be no mistake
in the history of the question thus far.
In November, 1856, we had another election.
Prior to that election, however, the respective par-
ties laid down a platform, and they took ground
upon that platform. At Cincinnati, in June, 1856,
upon the Kansas-Nebraska question, the Demo-
cratic party passed the following resolution:
iC Resolved* That we recognize the right of the people of
all the Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting
thiough the legally and fairly expressed will of a majority
of actual residents; and whenever the number of their in-
habitants justifies it, to form a constitution with or without
domestic slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon terms
of perfect equality with the other States."
This was laid down as one of the tenets in the
Democratic creed. Mr. Buchanan, in his letter
accepting: the nomination, referred to this ques-
tion, and placed himself upon that precise issue.
In*the fall of 1856 the canvass came on, with this
as one of the mam issues discussed in every dis-
trict, in every county, in every town throughout
the State. Mr. Buchanan's committal to the res-
olution adopted in 3856, m the Cincinnati conven-
tion, was well known, and it was the main issue
throughout the State. We had carried the State
in 1855, by a handsome majority under the cir-
cumstances; and with this the main issue in the
canvass of 1856, the electors in the fields, and
hundreds of other speakers throughout the State,
Tennessee was carried for Mr. Buchanan, on the
Kansas-Nebraska issue, by 7,500 votes. In our
elections which took place last summer, following
| the popular impulse, and the decision made by
the people of the State m the preceding year, the
majority of the Democratic party was increased,
and our present Governor, after canvassing the
State fiom one extreme to the other, was elected
by a majority of 10,000 votes.
Then can there be any port of doubt, can there
be the slightest semblance of a doubt, as to the
opinion of the people of Tennessee on the Kan-
sas-Nebraska question? Can we hesitate for one
moment? Can we hesitate as to the opinion on
this great question that has distracted and divided
the public mind from one extreme of the country
to the other? Can we believe for a moment that
the people of Tennessee have not made up their
minds on this subject ? In addition to that, after
the recent election for Governor, in which the
Democratic candidate triumphed by ten thousand
majority, we find both branches of the Legisla-
ture reflecting that popular sentiment*, and sending
it here in the shape of resolutions.
It is of this that my honorable colleague seems
most to complain. The Legislature, having a ma-
jority of Democrats in both Houses, have by res-
; olutions undertaken to reflect what they conceive
to be the will of the people; and to this he ob-
jects. Can the Legislature be mistaken as to the
will of the people? Have they misrepresented
the people? Have they done any injustice in de-
claring that the will of the people of Tennessee
is in favor of the Kansas-Nebraska act, and the
admission of Kansas into the Union under the
Lecompton constitution?
But my honorable colleague states that these
resolutions contain a garbled extract of his speech,
and he complains of that. Whether he intends
it or not, his remarks are calculated to make the
impression that there has been some portion of
his speech taken from its context, and that by the
separation of some material part he has been
represented as meaning something that he did not
mean. When we turn to the speech and examine
it, we find that no injustice has been done to the
honorable Senator. I have before me a pamphlet
copy of his speech on the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
revised and corrected by himself, I presume, and
circulated all over the State of Tennessee, in
which i find this declaration:
I was told; by some of my fiiends, tbat if I opposed the
bill, such a course would be utterly destructive to me; that
