1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%
was to have ninety-three thousand before the bill passed
the two Houses, and one hundred thousand m a'few months.
When it coracs to Lecompton, whenever somebody else's
bill comes up, they object, because Kansas, two years after
all these statements and prophecies, has only lorty thou-
sand people. Had she forty thousand then ? Had the those
magnificent numbers promised us by the Senators from
Massachusetts and New York two years ago? If she had,
she has been decreasing in population ever since. I think
we had better admit her very quickly, for after a while
thf-re will not be anybody there, at tins enormous late of
decrease.
" This shows thatwhen it comes to any assertion of fact
that it is necessary for a political purpose, there will be
somebody to manufacture it, and that even Senators repre-
senting the sovereign constituencies of this Union will stand
up heie to asseit as true that which turns out to be a great
perversion."
In the reply which I made to the honorable
Senator, I stated what I understood to be the facts
from my recollection then, that the principal trou-
bles which occurred in Kansas occurred after the
delivery of those speeches in the Senate of the
United States by the honorable Senatorfrom New
York and the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts. I will refer to the 14 History of Kansas,"as
published by the private secretary of Governor
Geary,to show the time when certain transactions
occurred in that Territory. It was on the 19th of
May, 1856, that the forces were gathering about
the city of Lawrence. On the 20th of May, 1856,
on the very day when the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts delivered his speech, this occurred:
" On the following morning, the 20th, several young men,
hearing of this tiansaction, left Lawrence to visit the scene
of the tragedy. One of these was named Stewart, who had
but lecently aruved fiom the State of New Yoilc. They
had gone about a mileand a half, when they met two men,
anned with Sharpe's lifles. Some words passed between
them, when the two strangers raised their rifles, and, taking
deliberate aim at Stewart, fired. One of the balls enteied
his temples. The work of death was instantly accom-
plished, and another accusing spirit stood before the bar of
God
" Soon after sunrise, on the morning of the 21st"—
the day after the honorable Senatorfrom Massa-
chusetts delivered his speech—
"an advance guard of the marshal's army, consisting of
about two hundred horsemen, appeared on the top of Mount
Oread, on the outskirts of the town of Lawrence, where
their cannon had been stationed late on the pieceding night.
The town was quiet, and the citizens had resolved to sub-
mit without resistance to any outrage that mi?ht be perpe-
trated. Aboutseven o'clock Dr. .Robinson's house, winch
stood on the side of the hill, was taken possession of, and
used as the headquarteis of the invaders." * * *"
" Atchison then addiessed his forces, m language not suffi-
ciently well selected for ears polite, and then matched the
whole column to within a short distance ol the hotel, wheie
they halted."
After proceeding with the particulars of the
manner in which the deed of destruction was ac-
complished, the historian further states:
"And then followed scenes of reckless pillage and wanton
destiuction m all parts of that ill-fated town. Stores we're
broken into and plundeiedof their contents. Bolt^and bais
were no ob<aae!e> to the entrance of drunken andintuiiated
men into private dwellings, fiom which mo^tof the inhab-
itants had fled m tenor From fhet-e eveiything of value
was stolen, and much that was useless to the marauder
was destroyed.3' ***■>-*•***
" The closing act of this frightful drama was the burning
of the house of Dr. liobinson,on the biow of' Mount Oiead.
Tins was set on fire alter the fun had gone down, and the
bright light which its flames shed ovei the eotniitv illumin-
ated the paths of the letrealing army, a* they piocoeded
toward tlwsir homes, pillaging house?, stealing horses, and
violating the person t  of defenceless women. All tlie^e diead-
ful deed* wete done bv human asuho' ity. Tnere is yet an
account to render to a Higher Powei
It was in the month of June, 1856, that Whit-
field gathered his army for the invasion of the
Territory. Let us see what happened on the 5th
of June, 1836. Restates:
iC This was the state of affairs near Hickory Point, on the
morning of the nth of June. Whitfield was encamped be-
hind Palmyra with near three hundred men." * * *
"Eatly on the following morning, (June 6th,) this army
separated into two divisions"—
speaking of the army of Whitfield—
"one half of it under General lieid, with Captains Pate,
Bell, Jenigen, and othet prominent leaders, moving towards
Osawattomie, whilst the others, under Whitfield, started for
Westport."
And again:
" On the 7th, Iteid, with one hundred and seventy men.
marcned into Osawattomie, and without resistance entered
each house, robbing it ol everything of value. There weie
but few men in the town, and the women and children were
treated with the utmost hi utalitv." * * * *
" On the 21st of June, an Indian agent named Gay was
tiavehng in the vieiruty of Westport, and wa* stopped by a
party of'Buford's men, who asked him if he was in tavor of
making Kansas a free State. lie piomptiy an>\veied in the
aflhmative, and was instantly shot dead. Such was the
only crime for which this soul was hurried imo the eternal
•world
" Wlul«t these events were transpiring on the south side
of the Kan&ao iiver, Colonel Wilkeo, Captain Emciy, and
other prominent pro-slavery men, were actively employed
in persecuting the free-State citizens of Leavenworth." No-
tices were served on them to quit the city; some were vio-
lently seized and imprisoned, and still others earned to the
levee, having been deprived of all their property and the
greater part of their clothing, placed on board of steameis,
and thus compelled to leave the country. At the same time,
the steamboats comingupthe river continued to be hoarded
at every stopping place, the free-State passengers insulted,
their trunks broken open and robbed, and their arms taken
fiom them; after which, they were put upon return boats,
and forced to go back."
But, Mr. President, I will not detain the Sen-
ate by reading at length. I rose simply to refer
to the facts as stated'by the private secretary of
Governor Geary, in his "History of Kansas," to
show that it was after these speeches and predic-
tions were made by the honorable Senators from
New York and Massachusetts, that these trans-
actions occurred in" that Territory which aroused
that people and prevented an inpouring of that
immigration into Kansas, which, if it had not been
interrupted in the spring and summer of 1856,
would have realized, and fully realized, in my
opinion every prediction which was made by those
honorable Senators. Mr. President, I have done.
Mr. PUGH. The statement which the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin has taken so much pains to
read, instead of helping him out of the difficulty
which he undertook to correct, in my. judgment,
precipitates him further into it. What was the
point of fact which he undertook to controvert with
me the other day? I read from a speech of the
Senatorfrom New York, delivered in April, 1856,
alleging that there were then forty thousand in-
habitants in Kansas, and that his information as
to the immigration pouring into the Territory at
that time, satisfied lam that probably in four
months, certainly in a very short period, there
would be one hundred thousand. That was his
statement. The Senator from Massachusetts, on
the 20th of May, 1856. m his speech, estimated
that there was not, at the lowest calculation, less
than forty thousand, and he cited a calculation,
made by a Boston newspaper, which earned the
population up to sixty thousand, and said that the
immigration pouring into the Territory, accord-
ing to his information, would give ninety-three
thousand before the bi! I could pass the two Houses
of Congress. These statements, being in part
assertions of fact then true, and in pait prophe-
cies based on infoimation which they said was
correct, were made m April and May, 1856.
The Senator from Wisconsin said that the rea-
son why the prophecies were not fulfilled, was that
great troubles occurred in Kansas afterwards, and
he located them m the winter of 1856-57. That
was his excuse. I said to him then that all these
allegations—for 1 do not take them for truths;
there may be some truths m them and probably
are—were made during that session of Congress
repeatedly, and every Senator heard them. All
this story about Lawrence, all these allegations of
the interruption of highways through Missouri,
were repeated hero in every form and shape which
the imagination of men could suggest at that very
session. AU these allegations relative to the
troubles in Kansas, or many of them, were before
the Senate at the very time the Senators from Mas-
sachusetts and New York spoke. They were he-
fore us m answer to the President s special mes-
sage of January, 1856. Now, how late does the
Senator place the latest disturbance on which he
relies? The 7th of June, 1856; that is the latest
period.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I could read 
Mr. PUGH. Well, the whole month of June
then; will that satisfy the Senator'? The Toombs
bill was introduced on the 24th of June, and was
committed to the Committee on Territories and
came back here soon after, and after these other
transactions to which he alludes,^those Senators
nevertheless persisted m otFenng tne Fopekacon-
stitution as an amendment to the Ton rubs bill, and
they earned on the discussion during the whole
month of July, and in the latter pait of thatmonth
the House of Representatives passed the Topeka
bill and sent it hero. If the population had been
driven out of Kansas, if she no longer^ had the
number which they suggested, or if their proph-
ecies were not to be fulfilled, why did they per-
sist in the Topeka constitution at a period subse-
quent to the very disturbances of which the Sen-
ator speaks?
But I did not care about this. How mnny men
v/ere driven out of Kansas? 1 recollect that mat-
ter was alleged thep.;&ng in,July,:while -\ye were
debating the Toombsr bill, X^thrnk, oti a r^otlon
to print copies,'when this sillegatidri was giafte,'!
asked the Senators where were all-the§£:people
who had been driven out'.* 1 called oijiseveral o„f
them,"by name, to tell pie how m&ny.;of fc&egs w^re
in their States." Nobody answered; There frnght
have been half a dpzen people driven out; but
does any Senator seriously pretend;, does any man
pretend, with the least.regard to truth, that twenty
thousand people were driven out of th'fe Territory?
If such a transaction as that occurred; if such a
body of people had been driven out of the Ter-
ritory, everybody would know where they were.
I say it was upon the faith of those represent-
ations as to population, (and I stated so' at the
time,) supposing those Senators to be well in-
formed in that regard, it was in the expectation
that the population of Kansas, at that time, was
about forty thousand, and was increasing very
rapidly, that 1 yielded against my convictions of
right, and voted for the Toombs bill; otherwise,
1 would not have voted for it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A single word,Mr.Pres-
ident. The question I put to the honorable "Sen-
ator was, whether he had forgotten that it was
duting the summer and fall and winter of 1856
that these troubles occurred. I read, it is true,
only of troubles which occurred in the months of
May and June; but I excused myself from read-
ing further, for I did not desire to trespass oh the
patience of the Senate. I will, however, read,
now, one or two sentences further from the same
history of Kansas affairs:
" A detachment of Atchison's army under General Keid,
munbeung about tlnee hundred men, with one piece of ar-
tillery, attacked 0->.awattonne on the 30th of August."
That was the last day but one of the summer
of 1856. Again, m speaking of these same trans-
actions on the 4th of September, and from that
period onwaid, he says:
"At Leavenvvoith and vicmuv outrageslmd been renewed
and weie being committed, if possible, with increased fero-
city. As Governor Shannon afterwaids remaiked, < the
roads were literally stiewn with dead bodies.' A United
States ofliccr discoveied a number of slaughtered men—
thirteen, it h staled—lying uubuned, who had been seized
and brained; some of them being shot in the forehead, and
others down tuiotigh the top of the skull, whilst some were
cut with hatchet* and their bodies shockingly and disgust-
ingly mutilated. On the 1st of September"—
That is the beginning of the fall of 1856—
" On the 1st of September, Captain Fiedei ick Emory, a
United States mail contractor, rendered himself conspicu-
ous m Leavenwoith. at the head of a band of rufharus,
mostly fiom we.-tern Mis^oui i They cntcied houses.stores,
and dwellings of fiee State people, and, in the name of
Maw and ordeiabided and lobhod the occupants, and drove
them our into the loads, inospctive of ago, sex. or condi-
tion. Under pietenscoffeearchm* foi arnw, theyappicached
the hou-e of Wilham Phillips, the lawjci who had previ-
i on-lv been taired and ieatheifd, and c<mied to Mfcsouii.
j Phillip^, *nppo-m<4 he u -i- to be Mihpcted to a fimilni out-
. j i.me, and ievolved not to -nlimit to the indignity, stood Upon
! his detense. In repelling the assaults of the mob. he killed
; two of them, when the'otlu'is buist into the house, and
I poured a voil« y of ball.- into his body, killing him instantly,
1 in the p'e-en'-e of 1>h wife and anodiei lady, lbs brother,
I who was ;il<o pi^senf. had an arm badly broken with bul-
i lets, and wn« compelled to submit to an amputation. Fifty
I of the tree-State nri<ouer-4 weie then dnven on board the
Polar ?t.n. bound'for St. J,oui«. On the next day a hundred
more w<?ie embarked bv Emorv and his men.on the steam-
iioir Emma. Dunns.' the-c pioceedm^s, an election was
li^id foi mayor, and William E JVIurphv. since appointed
Indian agent by the President, was elected 4 without oppo-
sition '"
tc At tin- time oiviI war ruzed in ail the populous districts.
Women and clnldien had fled from the Tei ntor\ The roads
were imp liable. No man's hfe wa-- -ale ; and eveiy per-
son. when lie lay down to rest at nisrl't. bolted and baried
In- door^j and fell asleep grasping thinly his pistol, gun, or
kniK'."1
This was the condition of things in September,
1856. in coald take up the time of the Senate,
Ij 1 could read the whole history of the transactions
j! of the fall and winter of 3856, and prove beyond
j1 all dispute that the civil war raging in that Ter-
!! ritory btoke up the iniungiation to it, drove out
j j hundred* of people from the Territory of Kansas,
!' and prevented thousands from wintering in it; but
:, I have already taken up more time than 1 intended.
,'! Mr. POLK. 1 should like to ask the Senator
!; from Wisconsin if he does not know that the man
!! who wrote that book, Dr. Gihon, did notgetinto
!| Kansas until the fall of lb56' The Senator has
! read of transactions that are said to have occurred,
1 some of them, as early as May, 185G. Does lie
| not know that Dr. Gihon, the secretary of Gov-
,! t rnor Geary, who wrote that book, did not arrive
i: in Kaunas until late in the fall ol lS56r
