2918
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
June 10,
proposition is to allow the Collins line, a third
line, to go to Southampton, at a compensation of
over nineteen thousand dollars a trip, while the
other two lines are compelled to do the same ser-
vice for postages only, which amounts to $7,000
a trip.
Mr; "DAVIS, of Mississippi. You say that
there are two other lines. What two other lines ?
Mr. SICKLES. The line from New York to
Havre, via Southampton, and the line from New
York to Bremen, via Southampton.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. And is there any
law which will authorize the Postmaster General
to renew the contract which will shortly expire?
Mr. SICKLES. Yes, sir. In the first place,
the bill, as it passed the House originally, author-
ized the continuance of his services for postages,
and the amountappropriated, $230,000, was the
estimated amount of the postages for both lines;
whereas the proposition now before the comtnit-
tee, in the Senate amendment, is to give $346,000
for the same service to one line.
• Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The gentleman
says that there is a law, and then refers to a pend-
ing bill, and which has not yet passed.
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman will hear me
through, he will see that his interruption was not
necessary. The laws of 1836 and 1845 give the
Postmaster General authority to make these con-
tracts for postages, and under those laws he has
made the contracts under which this service is
now performed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. ■ I deny that the
gentleman can produce any such law.
Mr. SICKLES. I have only five minutes, and
the gentleman will excuse me if I do not consume
it in sending.off to the library for the laws; but I
will produce them at my leisure, and satisfy him
of his error.
I was proceeding to say that the service to
Southampton is performed creditably to the lines
of steamers engaged, and to the satisfaction of the
Government; and 1 wish to impress upon the
House again the importance of continuing, not
abandoning, the very important service between
some one of our commercial ports and Liverpool
—New York and Liverpool*as the contract now
stands; and it is entirely true, as the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] suggests, that, if
the terminus of the Collins line on the other side
is changed from Liverpool to Southampton, the
contract necessarily falls with it; if so, the Col-
lins line, as well as all other lines, ought to he
placed on the footing required by the new prin-
ciple embodied in these amendments—to wit, that
the service shall be performed for postages. It
seems now to be the policy of the Government to
try this experiment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hope that we will
come to a vote on this proposition. The commit-
tee seems to be substantially divided on two sys-
tems; one to continue the Collins contract under
this Janus-faced amendment of the Senate to this
bjll, and the other to fall back upon our own prop-
osition in regaid to the Collins line, and to permit
the Southampton lines to continue as they are
now. I am entirely opposed to the Senate amend-
ment, from the beginning to the end. The ques-
tion will be put on the two propositions; and I
think that the committee have discussed them
sufficiently to understand them, if they are going
to understand them at all. The same remarks
are made over and over again by gentlemen, and
they add nothing. They may he a little better
said by one than finothor, but there is nothing
added to the information of the committee by thts
discussion. I hope, therefore, we will come to a
vote, first on the pending amendment, and then
upon the Senate's amendment. If the Senate's
amendment be non-concurred m, and our own
provision retained, I shall be satisfied; but I am
anxious to see the business progress. We are
not gaining an inch.
Mr. ENGLISH. I agree with the gentleman
from Illinois; and I hope we'will vote, and not
talk.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. When the
vote shall be taken on the proposition of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Sicklks,] will it be
in order to move to insert matter behind that?
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
35, noes 47.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered,,
Mr. SICKLES. I withdraw my amendment.
The question recurring upon concurringm the
the Senate's amendment,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded tellers.
Mr. MORGAN. What became of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York?
Mr. SICKLES. I withdrew it.
Mr. MORGAN. Well, I renew it. I propose
to make no remarks upon it, but I want a vote.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Clemens and Kelly.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 88, noes 33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was then
non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
Strike out the following t
" For contingencies in the mail service between New
York and Europe, §120,000."
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The committee
recommend a concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 believe that on
a former occasion, when this bill came from the
Committee of Ways and Means, and we had it
under consideration-, the Committee of Ways and
Means reported this very paragraph. It was
voted in by the committee and retained by the
House. Now, sir, I would like to be informed
by my friend, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, why it is now that the same
committee recommend that to be stricken out
which they then recommended should be retained?
I am in favor of its retention.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I can answer my
friend from New York, by saying that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, like all other com-
mittees, sometimes changes its mind; but the
reason why it does so is beyond my knowledge
or comprehension. The Postmaster General sent"
us his estimates asking for this, and the Commit-
tee of Way^md Means approved of the estimates
and recommended the appropriation to the House.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union and the House agreed to it, but the Senate
has stricken it out. The Committee of Ways and
Means now recommend a concurrence with that
amendment of the Senate; but the reason why it
does so, it is not for me to give.
Mr. SICKLES. Was there not a letter from
the Postmaster General road when this matter
was up before, recommending that appropriation
for contingencies?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. There was.
Mr. SICKLES. I had it read as a-part of my
spcech. I stick to the action of the House, and
hope the clause will be retained. *
The question was taken, and the Senate amend-
ment was concurred in.
Thiid amendment:
Sfc.4. Jlnd he it j art her enacted, That it shall not be
luwiul lor the I'o-niuasiter General to make any stcatrwhip
or other contract (or c.urying the mails on the sea for a
longer period jlian five yeais.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend non-concurrence.
I believe the reason for the recommendation is,
that they do not propose to have any contract for
any number of years. The old contract allowed
a period not exceedmgten years. This fixes it at'
five years. I believe it to bo the opinion of the
Committee of Ways and Means that it is better
not to have any for any longer period than one,
so that the whole system may be revised.
Mr. GARNETT. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Stakeout the words " five years," and insert:
One year, or for any other compensation on lines to Eu-
rope than the sea and United States inland postages, if by
aa Anvnean vessel; and if by a foreign vessel, the sea
postages only on the mails so conveyed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. j^Xy friend from
Virginia has got hold of the wrong amendment.
That is the fourth amendment.
Mr. GARNETT. The difference between the
fourth amendment and mine is this: I have ex-
amined it and know what I am about. The fourth
amendment authorizes the Postmaster General to
make contracts for the postages. If you add my
amendment to the third Senate amendment, you
say it shall not be lawful for him to contract for
any other compensation. I wish to limit the Post-
master General .in his contracts to the postages,
and nothing more. And I desire to Remind the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
that in the Senate such an amendment as this was
reported by the unanimous vote of the Finance
Committee, and was carried in the Senate, but
that it was subsequently reconsidered and lost by
a majority of two onlyrsimply because the South-
ampton clause had been put into the bill; other-
wise the Senate would have sent us what I now
propose, as their amendment. We have stricken
out the Senate clause in regard to Southampton,
and I now propose to restore the bill to the con-
dition in which the majority of the Senate had
once placed it. I am willing to comply with ex-
isting contracts; but when the contracts are out, I
wish to declare that it shall not be lawful for the
Postmaster General to make any contract provid-
ing for any compensation more than the postages,
because I do not believe that any other contracts
are expedient, and most certainly they are not
constitutional.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am opposed to
the amendment and ask the gentleman if he pro-
poses now to enter upon a system of legislation
on the whole subject of ocean mail service in an
appropriation bill ? -
Mr. GA.RNETT. I will say this; our rules, it
is true, have forbidden us to enter upon any sys-
tem of legislation in an appropriation bill, but the
practice of the Senate is different, and I am not
willing that this House shall stand in an inferior
condition of power to the Senate. The gentle-
man himself has reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means, recommendations to concur in
divers amendments to other appropriation bills
which inaugurated systems of legislation. He
should not have urged this objection against an
amendment looking only to reform and retrench-
ment when he did not urge it against amendments
leading to reckless extravagance.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. There can be no
disparity except to the advantage of the House,
because we originate all the appropriation bills,
while the Senate have only the privilege of amend-
ing them. I concur with the gentleman from Vir-
ginia as to its being the will of the country that
we should get along for one year, and merely ap-
propriate money to fulfill contracts, and to give the
proceeds of the mail service to the vessels carry-
ing the mails.
Mr. GARNETT. How stands the appropria-
tion for the Havreand Bremen line ? is that to ful-
fill a contract? Has not that contract expired?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The oirly appro-
priation for those lines is the proceeds of the post-
age, and that is for one year only. The object
here is to get along temporarily for this year un-
til a general system that would be self-supporting
is established.
Mr. GARNETT. If my friend will refer back
to the bill he will find that there is an appropria-
tion here for those lines of $220,000, and not a
word about postures.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. But if my friend
turns to the estimates he will find that that is the
estimated amount of receipts. -
Mr. GARNETT. And these* estimates are
usually proved to be wrong, and the gentleman
will come in next year with a deficiency bill and
say that they were wrong.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Very well; let us
have a vote.
Mr. SICKLES. I propose to amend by in-
serting two years instead of one. 1 am opposed
to the Senate amendment, and also to the amend-
ment proposed by my friend from Virginia. I
think that this is not the period of the session to
initiate a policy with respect to these steam lines,
and I protest against the coordinate branch of
Congress seizing such an opportunity, while con-
sidering an appropriation bill at this period of
the session, to establish a permanent policy. It
has been the understanding all through the ses-
sion, in view of the embarrassed condition of the
Treasury, and of other circumstances not neces-
sary now to allude to, that it was inexpedient for
Congress at this* session to go into this question
of establishing a permanent system for the regu-
lation of this service. Such has been the under-
standing, I know, in this House. I believe it
was the view of the Post Office Committee, and
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and, I be-
lieve it has been the general expectation of the
