1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2919
country, that this subject would be postponed
until the next session of Congress.
Mr. GARNETT. I ask my friend from New
York if he wiil allow us to take this amendment
into the House, so that gentlemen may have the
satisfaction of recording their names on the yeas
and nays, either for or against this steamship sub-
sidy system?
Mr. SICKLES. I have no objection, at any
time, to give gentlemen an opportunity of putting
themselves on record when they desire to do so.
But I appeal to the gentleman from Virginia if it
is fair or just to these interests or to the country,
when it Has been the understanding throughout
the session that we were not to make up a record
on this subject, that, at this time, a snap-judgment
of this kind should be taken ? Whether an op-
portunity should be seized, in the last days of the
session, when there is no time for a full and fair
discussion of this subject, to establish a policy or
make up a record? 1 would go with the gentle-
man from Virginia, at the proper time, to make
up a record. I would have gone with him at an
earlier period of the session. I will go witl^y^fi
next session. I invite the fullest discussii^rof
this subject; but this is not the proper time for it.
Mr. GARNKTT. That was the very argu-
ment made at the close of the last short session.
We were assured then that the whole subject
would be taken up at this session.
Mr. SICKLES. And so it would have been,
but for the condition of the Treasury.
[Here the hammer fell.] -
- Mr. DAVIS, ofJMaryland. I do not think that
this is the time for us to initiate a new policy with
reference to the lines of steam communication for
our foreign mails. Tt was the opinion of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, earlier in the session,
that it would be impossible, at that time, owing
to the condition of the Collins contract,, and
others, to make a satisfactory arrangement; and
surely we are in no better condition now to per- j
feet one than we were at that time. It is, there- j
fore, greatly to be regretted that the Senate should i
have seen fit to send to us material modifications j
of a bill which was intended only to be temporary j
in its character, providing only for the present |
emergency, and looking to an ulterior arrange-i
mentat the next session. j
We all know that one of the committees of this
House is now engaged in earnestly elaborating a i
system. Gentlemen are investigating with great i
care the system the English are pursuing by I
which they have successfully spread then* net- i
work of steam lines all over the world. They are j
preparing a system by which we may imitate the '
English system, and at a less expense accom- j
plish the great result they are accomplishing, in i
placing on a firm footingour own steam marine, j
m securing our own interests against foreign com- ;
petition, in aiding our own companies in great'
steam enterprises, and in laying the foundation
here for that great arm of modern defense, a steam
Navy; and any hasty legislation at this time which
would complicate the arrangements with contract-
ors, or further entangle the Government, is by all
means to be deprecated.
I therefore trust that the committee will come
directly to a vote, and that that vote will result in
a refusal to concur in the crude suggestions of the
Senate, thrown out here in the last hour& of the
session, to be considered in a five minutes' de-^
bate —hasty conversation—to effect great national]
interests, the magnitude of which no man can ever j
state in the time allowed for their consideration.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Garrett] by striking out all after the words
" one year." I olFcr this amendment with a view
of proposing to the sense of this committee the
adoption of the views which have been ptesented
by the gentleman fiom Maryland, [Mr. Davis,]
who last occupied the floor, and of my colleague
from New York, [Mr. Sickles.] It is now for
tins committee to decide, m the first place, whether
thry are Willing to take the policy proposed as
the basis of a policy to be inaugurated, furnished
to us by the Senate at this late stage of the ses-
sion. To my knowledge repeated application has
been made to the Postmaster General by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Ronds of this
House for a system of ocean postal communica-
tion, and as steadily and repeatedly has there been
a failure to communicate to them any proposed
system. And now, at this late hour, when we
are mooting current questions in short and rapid
moments, is a policy here thrust upon us for our
adoption-which is not only to influence, but to
control, our commercial and postal communica-
tions with Great Britain and Europe for years to
come. Sir, it is not the proper time for us to de-
liberate upon the subject. We are not prepared
for it, in the first place, by reason of the magni-
tude of the interests presented to us in these steam
lincs;'and, in the next place', because of the hurry
and dispatch attending upon the business of this
late period of the session. Therefore it is that I
have risen to add my voice to the voices of those
who have preceded me, and to protest against in-
considerate action. I now withdraw my amend-
'ment.
The question recurred upon Mr. Garnett's
amendment to the Senate amendment.
Mr. GARNETT called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and Mr. Garnett's
amendment was not agreed to, only thirty-one
members voting therefor.
The amendment of the Senate was then non-
concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause the mails
to be transported between the United States and any foi-
Btgn poit or ports, by steam&hip, allowing and paying theie-
foi, out of any money in the Tiea>ury not otherwise appro-
pi lated, if by an American vessel, the sea and United States
inland puftage^and if by a foieign vessel, the&ea po=tage
only, on the mmis so conveyed: Provided, That the piefor-
ence shall always be given to an American over a foreign
steamship wh^n departing from the same port for the bamc
i destination willun tlmje days of each other.
j Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This amendment,
i if there was to be any legislation on the subject,
j perhaps would be a good one; but, for reasons I
| have already assigned, the Committee of Ways
; and Means thought there should be no legislation !
! on the subject in this bill, and therefore recom-
| mend a non-concurrence.
! The amendment was non-concurred in.
j Fifth amendment:
| Sec. 6. And be it further enactcd, That the Postmaster
! Geneial be, and lie V; hereby, directed to piovide for and
i maintain, if practicable, at a cost not to exceed, in any m-
| stance, the sea and United States inland postage on the
j mails conveyed, a weekly mail to and from Euiope by Uni-
! t<jd States mail packets, to alternate at rt^ular inteivajs
wiili ihe Uiitiah mail packets plying between New Yoik
and Liverpool, and Boston and Liverpool, the prefeience
to be given to such line or lines of American steamships,
suitable m all ropcets for the &ervicc, a3 shall offer the bes-t
peimanent contract: Provided, That no contract shall be
made, undei the piovisions of tins act, for the same service
on the same week lor which E. K. Coilms and others have
contracted, during the continuance of that engagement.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This amendment
is of the same character as those the committee
have already voted on. I hope they will vote on
it without further discussion. The Committee of
Ways and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The amendments
of the Senate have now all been acted on; and I
move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Mill son- reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly the amend-
ments of the Senate to th^ bill of the House (No.
j 5.j8) making appropriations for the transportation
| of the United States mail, by ocean stealers and
; otherwise, during the fiscal year ending the 30th
| of June, 1339, and had directed him to report the
!j same back to the House, with the recommenda-
ii tion that one be concurred, and that the others be
.i non-concurred in.
I j Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I demand the pre-
' vious question on concuiring m the amendments
| of tiie Senate.
; The previous question was seconded; and the
'! mam question ordered to be put.
! The first, fourth, and fifth amendments of the
!j Senate were non-concurred in without division.
|l The second amendment was concurred in, as foi-
:! lows;
j. Strike out the following;
\\ <• Cor contingencies in the mail service between New
it Yrork mid Europe, $120,000.53
Thethird amendment was reported, as follows:
u Seo. 4. And be it further enacted, That it sliail not be
lawful for the Postmaster Genera! to make any steamship
or other contract for carrying the mails on the sea for a
longer period than five years."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I demand
the yeas and nays upon concurring in that amend-
ment, with the view of giving so strong an ex-
pression of opinion upon the part of the House
as to control the action of the House committee
of conference upon it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Tellers will an-
swer the same purpose, without consuming as
much time. I demand tellers.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Howard and
Bryan were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 4, noes 140.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY" JONES. I move to recon-
sider the seveial votes upon concurring in the
Senate amendments; and also move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States*by Mr. J. B. Henry,
his Private Secretary.
The message was read, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I transmit the copy of a dispatch from Governor Cum -
ming to the Secretary of State, dated at Great Salt Lake
City, on the 2d of May, and received at the Department of
State on yesterday. From this there i<? reason to believe
that our difficulties with the Territory of Utah have termin-
ated, and the reign of the Constitution and the laws has
been restored, i congratulate you on this auspicious event.
J lose no time in communicating this information, and in
expressing the opinion that there will be no occasion to
make any appropiunions for the purpo^e^f calling into ser-
vice the two legnnents of volunteer* authorized by the act
of Congress appioved on the 7th April lastlor the purpose
of quelling disturbances m the Territory of Utah, for the
protection of supply and emigrant trains, and the suppres-
sion of Indian hostilities on the frontier."
I am the more gratified at this satisfactory intelligence
from Utah because it will affoid some relief to the Tiea&uiy
at a time demanding fiom us the strictest economy, and
when the question which now arises upon every appropna-
tion U, whether it be of a character so nnportamand urgent
as to biook no delay, and to justify and requne a loan, and
most pmbably a tax upon the people to raise the money ne-
' cessaiy for its payment.
In legaid to the regiment of volunteers authorized by the
same act of Congress, to be called into service for the de-
fense of the frontier of Texas against Indian-hostilities, 1
desire to leave this question to Congress, observing at the
same time that, m my opinion, this State can be defended
for thetnesenf by {he regular troops, whicn have not yet
been withdrawn from its limits.
JAMES BUCHANAN,
Washington, June 10, 1858.
On motion of Mr. Sickles, the message was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
committee of the whole.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES,. As we have now
disposed of all the appropriation bills before us,
if it is the pleasure of the House, I will move to
suspend the rules, and go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, for the pur-
pose of taking up the loan bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to amend
that motion by inserting House bill (No. 483)
\ making appropriations for the improvement of
' certain rivers and harbors.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules is not amendable.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I only wish to
amend that portion of it.
Mr. STANTON. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet at ten o'clock to-mor-
row morning.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
HEIRS OF GENERAL PORTERFIELD.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask,the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion to go into
i the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
jj Union for the purpose of allowing me to ask the
;j unanimous consent of the House to take up and
!! put Oil its passage the Senate bill (No. 903) for
11 the lvlief of the heirs of General Porterfjeld. If
M the House will hear the report read, there will be
' no objection. -An elaborate report was prepared
in the other, end of the Capitol by the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] and it was,
j I believe, unanimously concurred in by the com-
I rruttee in this House. It is the only request of the
