1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
the tijilit and the dutv of Congress to prohibit in the Torn
roups those twin relies of baibari&m—polygamy and s)a
very "
I ask our southern friends as well as our north-
ern friends, where does this principle carry us?
] know those in hot pursuit of the slavery ques-
tion are willing to assume, and have assumed,
because they have the power, that Congress is
sovereign, and therefore has jurisdiction of the
question of slavery in the Territories; but the
time will come when negroes get out of the way,
when a large portion of that party will abandon
that principle, and deny that any such power is
conferred on the Congress of the United States
as sovereignty over the Territories. Every man
who denies the exercise of power by the people,
and claims it on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment, is led naturally to the platform of the Black
Republicans adopted in 1856, in the nomination
of Mr. Fremont. Where else does it carry you?
It carrics you back to that position which was
maintained and exercised by the Parliament and
Crown of Great Britain in reference to the colo-
nies. We might as well get right in reference to
first principles. The time will come when a large
portion of the Republican party, when negroes
get out of the way, when the question of slavery
is removed, and they begin to analyze the great
principles of free government, will repudiate the
doctrine that Congress is sovereign in the Terri-
tories. I deny it wholly. It comes in conflict
with the first principles of free government. I
care not whether it is exercised or claimed by the
Black Republicans of the North, or any other
description of party, North or South, East or
West.
I have said more than I intended, Mr. Presi-
dent, but I have been induced to speak at this
length because we have before us the subject of
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompto n con-
stitution, and the doctrine of instructions, which
together embrace the first principles of this Gov-
ernment. I did not hear my honorable colleague
state what would be his position as to the last res-
olution. He will not understand me as improp-
erly asking the question, what is his position in
regard to it?
Mr. BELL. I will answer my colleague with
precision. After stating the grounds on which I
thought the doctrine of instruction was not sol-
idly founded, I said that it would be pcrceivcd
that I did not acknowledge the instructions of the
Legislature of my State as imposing on me the
obligation of obediencc; but, nevertheless, I would
defer greatly to the sentiment of my Legislature
on any subject in regard to which I believed their
views to be founded on a knowledge of the sub-
ject in all its bearings and conscqucnccs; and in
such a case as that, unless there was some con-
stitutional difficulty in the way, I would defer to
their sentiments. My colleague, T hope, is now
thoroughly informed of my true position on this
subject. I say the sentiments of the Legislature
should be treated with respect in all cases where
they appear to have been founded on a full knowl-
edge of the subject on which they instruct their
Senators, in all'its bearings and consequences;
and 1 would be disposed to conform mycouise
according to them.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Tennessee. I do not wish
to travel out of the way to interrogate my col-
league; for, if 1 know myself, it is my intention
to cultivate those relations which should always
subsist between men who occupy places on this
floor; but i confess that 1 do not know whether I
understand my honorable colleague now or not.
it may be my fault, though, and not his. It may
be my misfortune, and not his fault.
Mr. BELL. I ask my colleague to state any
difficulty, and I will answer him with frankness.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Throwing in
a good many contingencies, he says that if there
were no constitutional difficulties in the way, he
would be inclined to defer it to the will of the
Legislature; but there are so many conditions—
" ifs," and "ands,"and "buts"—that 1 am at
a loss to understand his true meaning.
Mr. BELL. But I will take all conditions
away, except the question of constitutional right.
Now understand me.
Mr. JOHNSON, t>f Tennessee. Then do I
understand my colleague as saying there is any
constitutional difficulty in the way of the present
question of the admission of Kansas?
Mr. BELL. Not at all. My colleague now
understands me.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. I am verymuch
gratified at that.
Mr. BELL. I do not go into details. There
might be questions which I should suppose the
Legislature did not understand. I have predicated
the course which I should adopt under instruc-
tions, upon the idea that their instructions should
appear to be in pursuance of convictions founded
upon a thorough understanding of the subject on
which they undertake to instruct, in all its bear-
ings and consequences. Now I hope my col-
league understands me.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. Not quite.
Mr. BELL. I will explain further. I do not
mean anything equivocal at all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. As we have
got into this colloquy on this question, and as it is
going on pleasantly, and nothing unkind is meant
or intended, I wish to know whether my colleague
will vote for the admission of Kansas into the
Union under the Lecompton constitution in con-
sequence of the instructions, or will vote for it
without regard to them. I want to get at the pre-
cise point of the extent to which the instructions
bear on hia-course.
Mr. BELL. I will gratify my colleague in any
reasonable wish or'desire he can have. I will
answer that I would not, in consequence of any
instruction of the Legislature of my Slate, act as
the Legislature desired, unless I should be con-
vinced or believed that those instructions were
founded on a full understanding of the subject in
all its bearings and consequences. Now, 1 hope
my colleague understands me. If he does not,
and will state his difficulty, I will answer it or
explain it. I say this with a perfectly friendly
feeling.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. The position
of my honorable colleague, if I understand it, is
this: in the first place, to the instructions as to
the will of the people, expressed in 1854, and re-
peated m 1855, and again in 1856, and in 1857, he
does not acknowledge obedience.
Mr. BELL. Will my colleague allow me to
explain that ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. He understands that I say I would
not defer to any opinion of the Legislature ex-
pressed in 1S54, wlulethat bill was pending before
the Senate. Do I understand him to say that he
wants to know that?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. BELL. I assuredly would not, upon the
ground that I considered then, as I consider now,
that they had no such knowledge, or reflection,
or understanding, of the tendencies of thatmeas-
uie, as could authorize them to instruct me under
such circumstances as to make me feel morally
bound to defer to their opinion, independent of any
question as to the right of instruction. I would
respect the resolutions of my Legislature, when
not only passed by my friends, but even by my
opponents. I should not wish to treat them with
disrespect; but when I came to act on the subject
I should treat them with reference to the founda-
tions on which I supposed their opinions to have
been expressed and their instructions given. I
should inquire whether they understood the sub-
ject properly or not.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understood
my colleague then to state, that the instructions
in reference to his course in 1854 have no influ-
ence upon him whatever.
Mr. BELL. I do not say so, and I do not au-
thorize my colleague to say so.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understood
my colleague to say he would disregard them.
Mr. BELL. No, sir; I do not mean to say that
I shall disregard them. Whatever I have uttered
on this subjcct, and whatever I propose to utter,
I do not mean shall be misrepresented m this body.
I have said that there is a certain respect due to
the expftssion of the opinions of a Legislature in
all cases and under all circumstances. I have ex-
pressed that opinion heretofore, and I do not mean
to take any ground inconsistent jvith it. I do not
think my colleague can misunderstand me, if he
is disposed to understand me. I do not say this
with any unfriendly feeling, but I have stated dis-
tinctly the ground on which I act in this case.
When the Legislature of Tennessee express their
views, or wishes, or instructions, or recommend-
ations, to me as the representative of the State,
which they represent, I feel bound to treat thepi
with a certain degree of respect in all cases; and
when I perceive that those instructions have pro-,
ceeded from convictions founded on a full exam-
ination of the subject in all its bearings and con-
sequences, I ought to defer to them, and 1 suppose
that I ought not to set my individual opinions
against them.
But the case is different as to opinions such as
those hastily formed when the Kansas-Nebraska
bill was under consideration in the Senate; and
although every friend I had in that Legislature
voted in favor of such a measure as that, under
the circumstances under which I presume they
must have voted, without reflection, from sudden
impulse, on the question being proposed to them
suddenly, and never having been mooted or con-
sidered by the people before the moment when it
was introduced into this body; though I should
respect my friends in the Legislature, and my
political opponents, and should not speak harshly
of them, I should say that these were not ex-
pressions of opinion founded on such examina-
tion and investigation of the question, in all its
bearings and consequences, as ought to induce me
to defer to it. I acknowledge a moral obligation to
act reasonably on all questions of*this kind—not
to act merely on my opinions, which may be
formed upon prejudice. I ought not to be bigoted
and obstinate in setting up my own judgment
against the deliberately formed-opinion ofa whole
community, or of all my political friends, as would
seem to be the case in the instance referred to by
my honorable colleague, in regard to the amend-
mcnt offered by Mr. McKnight. I feel great kind-
; ness and respect for their views in all things; but
i I should utterly disregard them in the formation
I of my opinion as to the course to be pursued in ref-
j erence to the great interests which I should know
i they wanted to advance and protect as well as
I myself. Without treating them with the least dis-
. respect, I would not be governed by their opin-
i ions, formed under such circumstances, partic-
I ularly in relation to the question of slavery in a
I community.
j I have already expressed my thanks to those
| friends who stood by me in the very breach, and
j said, " We will leave our Senators to decide as in
their judgment they shall think best, with confi-
I dence: those Senators are as much interested in
protecting the great rights of the South on the
question of slavery as we are." My colleague
probably knows that a great many men in the
South arc more deeply interested than I am in the
protection of that peculiar slave jntercst; but I
presume he knows that I am largely interested
myself. If he does not, I now inform him so;
and I inform him further, that 1 have suffered in
my property by the continued and eternal agita-
tion of the question; by the very course pursued
by the party to which he belongs, in consequence
of the declarations and the declamation and the
announcement of the leaders of his own party in
the election of 1856. The result of their course
then was, that the prospect of freedom was dis-
cussed in every kitchen and every slave cabin in
the State of Tennessee, and, I presume, in most
of the other slave States of the Union.
I stand here unimpeachable on that ground.
What I contend for, as the great interest of the
owners of slave property m the South, is peace.
The hinge on which my course will turn as to the
question of which my colleague has inquired of
me, is whether or not the admission of Kansas
under the Lecompton constitution will give peace
and quiet on the subject of slavery? I am deeply
interested in the question.
My colleague has spoken about the principle
of popular sovereignty, and I congratulate the
gentlemen from the South who have listened to
him with so much attention. I think he has made
the strongest argument against the admission of
Kansas under the Lecompton constitution, that I
have heard in this body; but that is not the point
which I make now. 1 say that the pivot on which
my whole policy turns, is to have peace on this
question. If I can be made to believe that the
admission of Kansas, under the Lecompton con-
stitution, will give peace, I am for it. My great
object is to have peace and quiet on the subject
of slavery, between the North and the South. I
know very well that I take a totally different view
from some of my southern friends m reference to
