1896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 80,
mockery. When they come here with a free
constitution','they will do only what they did two
years ago; you refused them'then. They will only
have in that constitution what they had in the
Missouri prohibition, thirty-eight years ago; and
you struck th.at prohibition from the statute book.
They will only repeat what they demand now, to
be aaraitted as a free State; you refuse now to ad-
mit theoi in this character. Sir, it is offering a wa-
fer against chance, backed by device and fraud,
lere is a piece of silver of the coinage of the Uni-
ted States. On the one side is the eagle, on the
reverse is the emblem of liberty; you say to Kan-
sas choose, wager, whether the eagle or liberty
is uppermost; say eagle and it is slavery: say lib-
erty is uppermost; still slavery wins the wager.
Sir, this bill is nothing butLecompton over again.
Lecompton with a new variation, but the abhor-
rent air pervades the entire arrangement of this
composition.
I beg now to ask the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bigler,] himself a represent-
ative of the first State in this Union that, after the
Revolution, moved for universal freedom, what
Kansas has done that her people shall not be
indulged, at least in an equal choice between lib-
erty and slavery? I ask my venerable and es-
teemed friend from Rhode Island, [Mr. Allen.]
the land of Roger Williams, how he supposes he
can reconcile that proud and patriotic free State,
most and earliest completely free of all the States
of this Union, to this bill, which gives State power,
State prestige, and a dowry in lands, to Kansas,
if she will choose slavery; and gives her provin-
cial degradation and debasement, with poverty,
if she elects freedom ? i ask my excellent friend
from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,] he that represents a State
carved out of that rich and beautiful domain dedi-
cated to freedom by the Missouri compromise, by
the same great act which originally guarantied
freedom to Kansas, but which guarantee was
broken to Kansas, though preserved to.Iowa—I
ask him what answer he will give to that gallant
people for having planted on their borders a State
which was denied the liberty to choose on equal
terms between freedom and slavery? I will not
ask the honorable Senator from California, [Mr.
Gwin,] whose State was saved to freedom by
efforts other than his own, but who knows that
Californiahas been, by that very salvation, further
saved, with all its advantages of power and of
strength and wealth, to the Pacific coast, and made
so strong that it is self-sustaining, and almost de-
fiant—I will not ask him for an explanation. I
said, when California was admitted; that the slave
States need not fear her; that California, though
filled with immigration, chiefly from the free
States, tyould prove for years to come the strongest
slave State in this Union. I will .not ask the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, [Mr.Puuu,] for I have al-
ready interpreted, according to my humble ability,
the views by which he reconciles this measure to
the judgment of his great constituency. I would,
indeed, ask the honorable Senators fiom Indiana;
but they may have that question to settle at home,
speedily, without being prematurely interrogated
here. 4
My honorable friend from Vermont [Mr. Foot]
reminds me that I have forgotten New Jersey.
Sir, I will speak for New Jersey myself. The
blood of men who hazarded life, fame, and for-
tune, for freedom in the Jerseys, courses through
my own veins. I know the blue lulls of the Jer-
seys well. They are mingled with all the fond
recollections of my childhood. I willanswer, that
votes which are given here for this Lecompton bill
are the last votes in ten years that will be given
for slavery by Representatives of New Jersey.
Mr. President, 1 have shown that this bill gives
to the people only a show of choicc between free-
dom and slavery. I have next to show that it
provides for overriding, counteracting, and defeat-
ing that very shadow of a choice if it shall be
in favor of freedom. The bill provides, not that
the people of Kansas, or their Legislature, or
their authorities, shall appoint the commissioners
under whom the contemplated election shall be
held, and its results ascertained, but it constitutes
a board, to consist of five persons; and while it
allows two to be named by the people of Kansas,
it asks three for the President of the United States.
Now, sir, there have been five agents appointed
by the President of the United States to hold elec-
tions, and return results in the Territory of Kan-
sas already, and every one of them has been dis-
honored and disgraced for having struggled to pre-
vent fraud, and to certify the truth about these
elections. The ghosts upon the banks of the Styx
constitute a cloud scarcely more dense than the
spirits of the departed Governors of Kansas, con-
demned to exile and ruin by the President for hav-
ing certified the truth against falsehood in regard
to the elections between freedom and slavery in
Kansas.
Sir, I am accustomed to measure my word
when I speak of other men,even of public men. I
know how liable I am to err myself. I think that
I have so much of charity as will induce a favor-
able judgment of a political adversary to the full
measure that I expect and ask it for myself. But,
sir, though it is with pain, and shame, and mor-
tification, yet I do confess that I cannot trust the
President of the United States. It is the most
humiliating confession I have ever made in the
presence of my countrymen and the world; for,
when I have looked over the long roll of kings,
princes, doges, and emperors, and have seen how
their careers began in fraud, culminated m assas-
sination j and ended in violence, I have said a com-
plete demonstration of the success of the Ameri-
can Constitution is found in the fact that, with all
the defecis of theinstrument, and amid the often
tumultuous movements of the people, there is a roll
of names of those who have filled the Presidency
whose virtues outshine those of any dynasty that
has ever ruled any nation on the face of the whole
earth. Sir, if the President of the United States had.
even allowed, no t to say if he had enforced, fairness
in the elections in Kansas,she would not be a sup-
pliant, trembling with dismay and apprehension,
in the Senate of the United States to-day. 1 know
that, in speaking thus plainly, I shall wound the
sensibilities of some public and patriotic men.
They will cry shame upon me, when I disparage
the fame of the President of the United States.
But, sir, I am used to that. The world is used
to that. I remember that there were patriots in
Virginia who cried shame on Patrick Henry when
he denounced Geoige the Third. There were not
wantingpatriots in the Senate of Rome who heard
with pain Cato denounce the first Cccsar. Sir,
those who have brought liberty down and tram-
pled it in the dust have never been those who, in
Senates, accused emperors, kings, or Presidents.
Upon what grounds is this bill, thus shown to
be so deeply objectionable, recommended to us ?
First, it is lecommendcd as a compromise. The
honoiable chairman tells us that when there is a
difference there can never be a settlement unless
there is compromise; the House of Representa-
tives has given away something; the Senate has
given away something, though everybody, except
myself, has failed m finding out what there is
given or gotten. Still we are to accept it as a com-
promise. If it is a compromise at all, to bo urged
on me, it must be a compromise that gives me
something of freedom in exchange for much of sla-
very. What do Iget for freedom in Kansas? The
privilege for that people to make a.constitution
when they shall have a population of one hundred
thousand, and coming here and presenting it to
Congress. Very well; what then ? lsittobe-a
free State then ? No. Then it shall be " admit-
ted free or slave, just exactly as the people shall
desire." Well, sir, that is just what we had in
1854, when the original Kansas-Nebraska bill was
passed. We have had that privilege ever since.
We could always mnke a constitution, and come
here and obtain admission free or slave, as we
pleased, according to the text of your statute-book;
i but we have come here and demanded freedom,
| and have been contumeliously spurned from your
j presence. They refuse to be admitted as a slave
| State, and they are remanded home to try it over
I again,and reconcile themselves to slavery, on the
i penalty of coming no more, or not until they num-
' ber one hundied thousand souls. If Kansas shall
do this, and be docile and quiet, you think you
will admit her when she comes as a free State, a
half dozen or a dozen years hence, but you hope,
nevertheless, that in the mean time she will be de-
moralized, and come at last a slave State, I tell
you, moreover, that when she shall corneas a free
State, as she will, you will be unable to satisfy
yourselves upon the forms she has gone through
with m attaining that happy condition. Sir, we
shall not deceive ourselves. Theie is no freedom
for Kansas under this bill.
But, sir, a compromise offers equivalents to two
contending parties, and it is made by and between
representatives of those parties. Who are the par-
ties here ? The real parties in this dispute are, on
the one side, the free-State party of Kansas and the
Republican party of the Union; and on the other
side, the slave-State party of Kansas and the De-
mocracy of the Union. The Democracy of the
Union are, by the creeds of their party, the rec-
ognized defenders, and only defenders, of slavery
in the Union. This compromise is a compromise
made between two factions of the Democratic
party, excluding every free-State man of Kansas
and every Representative of the free-State or Re-
publican party in Congress. There is not one in
our whole number who consents to this act.
It is, therefore, just no compromise at all; it is
a pretense of compromise. ' Sir, I was born sus-
picious of legislative compromises. That temper
has grown on me more and more everyday of my
life. I have seen the dangers and the evils that
have followed them; and I made up my mind when
I came heie, that I would harden my face as a flint
against any compromise whatever between free-
dom and slavery. This compromise, however, in-
spires me with hope unknown before. I look on
it with more complacency than on any other, for
it is such a miserable imitation of the compromises
which have been hallowed in the respect and af-
fections of the people of the United States for gen-
erations, that it will bring the whole system of
compromise henceforth and forever into ridicule,
and unmitigated contempt.
The honorable Senator from Virginia, and the
honorable Senator from Missouri, commend this
bill to us as a measure of peace—at least the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia promises that it will
bring a truce for four or five years. Sir, there is
no peace in this world for compromisers; there
is no peacc for those who practice evasion; there
is no peace in a republican land for any states-
men but those who act directly, and boldly abide
'the popular judgment when it may bo fairly and
clearly and fully ascertained, without attempting
to falsify the issue submitted or to corrupt the
tribunal. Sir, beneath the white gauze that is
spread over this signal of truce I see distinctly the
mingled stains of fraud and blood—black spots
and red, the true, unerring marks of a piratical
flag. If you mean, by troubles, apprehensions of
civil commotion, of violence, of turbulence, of
sedition, of faction and civil war, I tell you frankly
you need be at no pains to avert those dire evils.
This cause of equal and impartial freedom in the
States has at last become strong enough to work
its way through constitutional forms to its des-
tined and final triumph. But if you mean agita-
tion, which is to be avoided or suppressed by this
legislative or any other device, then let me assure
you plainly that you reckon altogether wildly.
I smile when I hear Senators talk about the
people getting tired of Kansas and tired of this
eternal agitation about slavery. They look into
the city press of Philadelphia, of Baltimore, of
Washington, and of New York, and of Boston,
and they find there assurances that the people arc
getting tired of agitation, and willing to have the
Kansas question settled with freedom or with
slavery, one way or the other. Sir, they look only
at the eddy while they overlook the tide. They
make the mistake that the felon did a few months
ago upon the banks of the Genesee when he slew
his brother and precipitated him from the bank
into the river, just below the first fall and just
above the other, thence to float down the last cata-
ract, and be buried forever in the lake below; but
when the morning came the corpse of the victim
lay floating on the river side. He had mistaken the
eddy near the shore for the full and ever swelling
tide which man, by no art can compress or restrain.
But, Senatois, you shall have peace in Kansas; you
will have peace in Kansas; it will come to you in
spite <>f yourselves; but it will come only in tho
triumph of peace-giving principles. How do you
expect to get peace by this bill? You willgeta slave
State one way or another. You will get a slave
State by the popular election if you get it fairly
under the operation of bribes and menaces. Will
the people of Kansas remain corrupted, after they
have accepted your bribe and escaped your terrors?
That is not the character of the American peo-
ple. You willgetit by fraud, by a certificate from
the President, that popular sovereignty has gone in
favor of Lecompton, when, in fact, it has gone
