1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
the other way. Will that make pence ? I think
I should like to be near by and see this slave State
attempted to be organized under the Lecompton
constitution. I remember that legislators as wise
as we—the world thought them much wiser—
who had seats in the British Parliament, and had
a President, whom, however, they called a King,
insisted that the people of New York should live
under what, to them, was a slave constitution,
while they had made up their minds to have in
its place a free one, established by themselves.
The provincial British government went on board
the brig Halifax, and sent forth its remonstrances
and denunciations safely from the decks of his
Majesty's armed ship. They were, however,
brutum fnhnen. After a short time, the British
Government and the ship disappeared *be!ow the
Neversink, to return no more forever. The Brit-
ish Government undertook to rule Virginia under
a slave constitution, as it was regarded by them.
But, as the strife rose higher, the whole provin-
cial government, with the prestige and power of
the British Empire to back it, took refuge on board
the schooner Fowey, and descended to the Hamp-
ton Roads. There it committed a few pitiful inva-
sions upon the property of the patriotic planters
and citizens of that great State, and then disap-
peared forever.
Sir, your Lecompton government of Kansas
will be afloat on the Missouri river; when it be-
gins. The Missouri river will notbe wide enough
for it; it must go down for stxiely until it reaches
the broader channel of the Mississippi, and when
you next look for it, you will find it stranded on
the beach of the Gulf of Mexico. There is to be
no Lecompton State, no slave State in Kansas.
Nevertheless, you enact, by this law, that there
shall be a slave State m Kansas, and there shall
be no other. Well, sir, if you pass the bill to-day
as you say you are going to do, it will reach Kan-
sas"m about ten days; in about ten days after that,
the new State of Kansas will be organized under
the new Leavenworth free-State constitution, and
about the 7th day of June, when you are impa-
tient to go home, Kansas will be beleagurina: you
here for admission as afiee State. She will be
telling you she does not know anything about
your slave State that you have ordered to be
erected within her borders; you will, of course,
spurn her from your path, and will go home. The
people of Kansas will then appeal to the popular
elections which are to elect twenty Senators and
a whole House of Representatives about the first
Tuesday in November next. Now, I ask the hon-
orable supportersof this bill here, belonging to the
free States, about how many Democratic Senators
are going to be returned into this body through
the action of the State Legislatures, to he chosen
this year just after you have passed this bill. I
ask for information. The honorable Senator from
California has spoken of the only State that 1
thought was hopelessly lost to slavery. For all
the rest, 1 think, if it were not presumptuous, that
I might speak myself; but I leave the represent-
atives of those States to speak for themselves.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator from New
York allow me to interrupt him for one moment ?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. I do not desire to interrupt the
Senator more than one moment; but I thought
perhaps it would be well for him to know that the
bill which we are discussing here has passed the
other branch of the Legislature.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, Mr. President,then the
people of Kansas will come here under the Leav-
enworth constitution, and meet you on the first
Monday in December next when you assemble
here, and they will ask you to admit them as a
free State. Have you any law that will prevent
there coming herein that character? The Con-
stitution of the TTnited States says that the peo-
ple of the United States may petition, and they
may petition for what they please. The people
of Kansas can petition to be admitted as a State
under the Leavenworth constitution. Then there
is no obstacle in the way of their coming here.
Have you any constitutional prohibition to pre-
vent me from voting for them? I shall vote for
them as a free State, in spite of a thousand such
laws as this. I tell you more, you yourselves
will vote for them too, a large number of you, in
order to prevent the question going over to the
next Congress, then already elected, because that
Congress will vote for them if you do not, and
you will then seek to save for yourselves the
credit of stanching the wounds of bleeding Kan- (
sas, and establishing forever the cause of freedom. |
All this will happen, unless you invoke armies i
to suppress such proceedings by the people of '
Kansas. Well, I should like to see the bill intro-
duced into Congress now to levy an army or pro-
vide supplies for an army to control freemen and
extirpate freedom in Kansas. You cannot even
pass a bill to maintain your authority in Utah,
against polygamists, without infinite trouble. I
think 1 can take up the list of yeas and nays, and
call them over. I think my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler] will vote ay, because
he always stands squarely up to the Administra-
tion. It is a tower of strength to the patriotic
statesman! It is calculated to fortify his courage
and sustain his devotion to human rights and pop-
ular liberty!—so long as- it lasts. I think that
my honorable friend from California [Mr. Gwin]
would also give it his vote, for, like myself, he
is apt to favor appropriations, and not very par-
ticular about the object to which they go. But
when these responses are pronounced in favor of
the measure, there will be an end. I rather think
my honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] will
hesitate for want of instructions. My two excel-
lent friends from New Jersey would be found in
the negative on that vote, because things are al-
ready coming to a head at home. As to my hon-
orable friends from Indiana, they will, of course,
be absent, securing a reelection.
Mr. President, you will fail in this contest, be-
cause for the first time you will go before the peo-
ple of the United States stripped naked of every
pretense of equality or impartiality between free-
dom and slavery, much more of that virtue which 1
is the only mantle that can cover the faults of par-
tics in this country—devotion to freedom. The
honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
the honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stu-
art,] and the honorable Senator from California,
[Mr. Broderick,] with their associates in the
other House, ami the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] and the honora-
ble Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] have
stripped you bare of all pretenses to fairness in
the maintenance of popular sovereignty. You go
before the people, no longer in the character of a
party that balances equally between freedom and
slavery, but m the detested character of a party
intervening for slavery against freedom. When
you go before the people now, you will meet there
not as heretofore, two or three factions, dividing
and giving you a triumph by reason of their di-
visions, but you will meet one party only, and that
party combined, resolute, and directed by a sin-
cere and common devotion to the principles it
maintains. Of course I speak of the Republican
party, and no other. But you go not only in that
way, you go for the first time divided into two
parties, two factions, one of you maintaining sla-'
very absolutely and without regard to parties or
popular consent, the other hesuaung and standing
upon the position of no slavery anywhere, unless
the people choose it.
Mr. President, let me try for a moment to lift
this debate up from these temporary, ephemeral
incidents, to the height of the argument where it
belongs. The sixteenth century dawned on the
decay, throughout Europe and the world, of a
slave civilization derived from an early antiquity,
and left as a legacy by the Latin or southern
States of the continent of Europe oti the fall of
the Roman empire. But it dawned also upon the
rise of a new and better civilization—the civiliza-
tion of freedom; the civilization, since developed,
of the German and Sclavonic races; the civili-
zation of Germany and of England, of Scotland
and Ireland, and Switzerland,the modern civiliza-
tion of wsrern Europe. The principle of the old
Latin civilization winch was passing away, was
that labor must be involuntary; must be secured j
by fraud and force, and must be converted into \
property. The new civilization was based upon
the principle of the freedom of labor, that it must
be voluntary, and that it should be not only a po-
litical power, but that it should become the as-
cendent and dominating political power through- :
out the world. While Spam and Portugal proved j
themselves competentto open the way of discov- 1
cry at the beginning of the sixteenth century, j
and the one revealed Africa and the other Amer- j
ica to the eyes of an astonished world, these two !
nations were of all others those who were least
fitted, least qualified to inaugurate civilization on
either continent. The Portuguese doomed Africa
to remain in the perpetual barbarism, with which
she had been cursed from her earliest history /fry-
establishing there the odious and atrocious slave
trade; and the Spaniards doomed America tore*
ceive, and for a while to be incumbered with-
the civilization of African slaves, captured arid
brought there by the Portuguese. Our Constitu-
tion and our Union came into being seventy years
ago, when it was necessary to decide between,
these two systems of civilization which were
found among us. The States which were founded
upon the new civilization stand before you. Con-
template them; say whether the world has ever
seen such States? You see also the States which
were founded on the old declining civilization of
the Roman empire. AH newStates have to elect
between the two systems. We have a voice and
influence in determining their decision. You are
determined to force that old and effete and obso-
lete civilization upon regions where it has never
been known.
This question ought to have been decided fifty-
five years ago, in 1803, when Kansas was added
to the national territory by the treaty with France,
as part of the Louisiana purchase. It was omit-
ted then. Again, the question returned in 1820,
and then it was well and wisely settled by dedi-
cating Kansas forever to impartial freedom. In
1854, you repealed that law; but the law of Kan-'
sas was written in the very rocks and .upon the
rivers and prairies of Kansas, as well as in the
constitution of American society. All you have
done since has consisted in fruitless efforts to
carry that ill-judged repeal into effect in defiance
of the laws of nature. For what you have done
heretofore you have had what the whole world
received as an excuse. It was the action of the
slave States', but it was not on not their own mo-
tion; the suggestion came to them from Senators
from the free States, and it was not in human na-
ture that the slave States should resist it.
So in 1856, when Kansas came here as a free
State, under the Topekaconstitution, and you re-
jected her, you still iiad the show of excuse, for
these same Representatives of tiie free States ad-
vised that the people of the free States,as well as
of Kansas, would acquiesce. But you are now,
after having failed in these two efforts, persisting,
without that excuse. Two of the Senators, one
the leader in the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, the other hardly less effective in that trans-
action, now remonstrate with you against the
further prosecution of this attempt as impossible.
Still another, from Michigan, remonstrates; I
mean the late distinguished Senator from Michi-
gan, now at the head of the Department of State.
1 do not say that he remonstrates in words, but I
do say that the retirement of that eminent man
from this Chamber, so suited to his talents, his
genius, and his fame, into a closet m the Depart-
ment of State, under an appointment of the Pres-
ident of the United States, is a louder remonstrance
than any words he could utter, if his constituents
had allowed him to retain his place among us, the
representatives of the States.
That is not all. At lasta new voice issues from
your own region, from the South, from the slave
States, and protests against your further persist-
ence in this mad enterprise, and admonishes you
that it must and will fall. The cohorts are gath-
ering in the South; the men of modeiation and
conservatism, who, as they have heretofore mod-
erated in $tvor of slavery against freedom, will
nowbe obliged,in consistency with their justand
well-established character, and their habitual pat-
riotism, to moderate against you in favor of free-
dom, when the people demand freedom, and rise
up unanimously against slavery.
Sir, this whole controversy is contracted intp
a quarrel for revenge against these wise advisers.
Instead of listening to their counsels, it results in
this: that you wiil suppress their remonstrance,
punish their authors as mutineers. Weil, sir, that
is a matter of small consequence to me. To me,
personally, the future of these distinguished Sen-
ators and their associates in the House of Rep-
resentatives is nothing, except so far as the polit-
ical positions which they maintain in the country
and before the world shall bear on the future of
the country. I know not whether, hereafter, I
shall be found laboring with them in efforts for
