1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
throwing- out, as it were, tubs to the whale, lures
to the North? holding on to the South with one
hand and throwing out inducements to the North
with the other? Have 1 ever done that? Have
I ever given any vote or made any speech in the
Confess of the United States that indicates any
such thing? .
Pardon me if 1 am inclined to be egotistical.
Though I may not own quite so many slaves as
some others, though I may not have quite so deep
an interest in the subject as some others when you
measure interest by dollars and cents, yet I claim
to understand the philosophy and the basis of the
institution of slavery as well as, and I do notknow
that it ivould be very vain in me to say better than
some who own their hundreds. My position is
more defensible, if it required defense. I think it
is the most unfortunate thing thatever befel Sen-
ators here that they become candidates for the
Presidency. Whenever a Senator fixes his eyes |
upon the presidential mansion as the acme of his ;
ambition, nineteen times out of twenty he falls j
by the way side. It has been so with the most
distinguished men that have ever gone before us,
who have participated in the most trying scenes
and struggles of the country—bidding for north-
ern and southern votes. I avow my sentiments
here; I have avowed them in the other end of the
Capitol; 1 have avowed them at home in reference
to the great question of slavery; and I will say,
as ray honorable colleague has lugged it in, or
thrown it in, that I think I understand the basis
on which the institution of slavery rests. We
may make our speeches to please the North, or
notown quite so many slaves, because my interest
in the institution is not quite so deep as that of
some others, my position is not as sound on the
question as that of any other member of the Sen-
ate ' Where has my honorable colleague been on
the question of slavery? He assaults the Dem-
ocratic party and charges it with being the cause
of (he agitation that has occurred on this subject.
Who has been looking in that direction; the Dem-
ocratic party or my honorable colleague? Go back
to his course in reference to abolition petitions,
and where does he stand ? Looking North. Who
that lives at the South has ever gone further
North than my honorable colleague on this sub-
ject? I should like to know the man who has ever
bid higher? I want the North to know what a
good candidate they would have had if they had
been disposed to select my honorable colleague.
On all questions connected with slavery, begin-
ning with the abolition petitions, his leaning has
been to the North; and in 1850, when the com-
promise measures were before the country, I ask
my fnend^rom Alabama to read a few paragraphs
of what he then said.
Mr. CLAY read the following extracts from a
speech made by Mr. Bell on the 14th of Septem-
ber, 1850;
"With regard to the constitutional power of Congress
over this subject, I would say Mat the only doubt I have of
the existence of the power either to suppress the slave trade
or to abolish slavery in this District, is mspii ed by the re-
spect t have for the opinions of so many distinguished and
eminent men, both in and out of Congress who hold that
Congress has no such power. Heading the Constitution for
myself, i believe that Congress Ikh alt the power over the
subject in this District which the States have within their
please the South, as may suit us best, and sub- respective jurisdiction
serve our interests most; but just so Ions; as men j| J* But, howevei great my respect may be for the opinions j
are organized as they are, physically and mental-
ly, ond having more brains and more intellectual
power than another, there will be different classes |
in society. Take the physical man alone, without i
reference to the intellectual, and force him in con- j
tact with the principles of production, and you j
will see that, under certain circumstances, one is j
enabled to produce more than another. This re- j
suits from our organic structure.
Let me illustrate my meaning by an example:
Here are two men, one of whom has double the
physical strength of the other. Let us talk about
things plainly and homely. I know this may be
considered in bad taste by some; but sometimes
the simplest similes best explain a subject. Take j
these two men, the one having twice the physical j
strength of the other, and put them to making ,
rails. I know that is not a senatorial term, but ,
it is a common thing in this country. The man j
of double physical strength will make twice as .
many rails m the course of aday as the other. Is .
not that a difference between men ? The man of :
double the physical strength will increase in |
wealth, in anything to which you apply his labor, ,
twice as rapidly as the other man. So it is with •
the exercise of his brain. This grows out of the
o.rganic structure of mankind. When you form |
a community out of individuals, they commence
the work of production, intellectual and physical;
and, as society moves on through time, we find
some occupying the lower places and some occu-
pying the higher places. I do not care whether
you call it slavery or servitude; the man who has
menial offices to perform is the slave or the serv-
ant, I care not whether he is white or black. Serv-
itude or slavery grows out of the organic structure j
of man. All the talk which we hear in deprecation
of the existence of slavery is idle, and a great por-
tion of it mere twaddle. Slavery exists; it is an in-
gredient of society, growing out of man's mental
and physical organization; and the only question
for us to discuss is, what kind of slavery we shall
have; not the existence of slavery, for it is in so-
ciety; it is an element, an ingredient that you can-
not get rid of so long as man's organic structure
is what it is. Will you have white or black sla-
very? Shallit be voluntary orinvoluntary? These
are the only questions. As to the great thing it-
self, about which there seems to be so much dif-
ficulty, it exists beyond the reach and the control
of man, unless he can reconstruct society, and,
after lie has done that, reorganize the material of
which society is composed.
I know where I stand on this question. I know
what { could have done if I had been disposed to
pander and appeal to the fanaticism that exists on
this question,even m my own State. Shall U be
given out here to the country that, because I do
j of others on the question of power, there <ue some consid-
erations of such high account as, in my judgment, to make !
it desirable that, unless by common consent the project of ,
abolition shall be wholly given up and difbamb'd, the rem j
r.ant of slavery existing m the District should be abolished j
at once ; at ih'e piesent moment,however,Uk* excited stale j
of public sentiment in the South, growing out of terntori-tf |
nutations, seem* to foibtd such a coui&e. For myself, it :
the feeutitnent oT the adjacent State* and of the South gen-
eially were less inflamed, I would prefer that course to keep-
ing it an open question. Slaveiy ui the District of Columbia
is now the only remaining giound of contention, the only
remaining pointof objection and assault, on the part of the
anu-slavory North. I do notmclude the fanatics. They will
be satisfied with nothing short of the extinction of slavery
in the States ; but all others at the North disclaim any in-
tention, or design, or any constitutional power, to interfere
with slavery anywhere but m the District of Columbia. I ,
would be glad to see all cause of di-stmbance and conten-
tion in the District wholly removed ; but letm? «ay thatthi*
can never be done by the abolition of slavery, unless it be ;
accompanied by some adequate provision foi the leinovrtl .
or the effective control of the slaves after they shall have ,
been emancipated. With tbi* qualification, and in oider
to te?t the deteimination of the North m regard to any tur-
fhei and continued aggression upon southern feelings and
the spomiiv of southern property, I would be content to
see slaverv'in the Di«tuct abolished to-day. In one aspect
of the subject. 1 am not sure that it would not be a si cat
con«eivative measure, both a=< regard.-* the Union and the
interests of the South: tlus Distnct once relieved of all
sources of dissension, we should be speedily enlightened
upon the question whether the North would stop the;e, or
raise new and more dangerous issue*, ?•'
Mr. JOHNSON,ofTenncssee. Connecting Uiat
speech, which was made on the bill before the Sen-
ate to abolish the slave trade in this District, with
his uniform course on the reception of petitions
on the subject of slavery, we find that my col-
league makes greater concessions than I know of
any other southern man ever having made After
throwing in a good many conditions and pro-
visoes, and ifs and ands, he concludes that- he
would be willing to see the institution of slavery
abolished in the District of Columbia to-day.
First, he would concede the power to abolish sla-
very in the District of Columbia; and second, he
was willing to see that power exercised, and then
he could test how far the North would go in ref-
erence to southern institutions. You concede the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia
for the sake of malting a test how far the North
will go; you will concede the constitutional power
for the sake of seeing how far they will go ! If
he concedes it here, would it not be reasonable to
infer that he would favor the abolition of slavery
in the Territories ? Most clearly.
Who then has been compromising with the
North? Who has been holding*out inducements
to the North to encroach upon the South ^ Is it
the Democratic party? Have they been doing it?
Have not southern men been cateringfor northern
strength until the whole northern wing of their
own party has been abolitionized? I have no un-
kind things to say towards the Abolitionists. I
am speaking of them as a party. Wtio has held
out inducements? Who has invited them to en-
croach? My honorable colleague. Then he talks
about the deep interest, the great interest that men
feel m slaves. Who has been throwing his banner
to the North to get northern votes and northern
strength, and then talks about the Democratic
party producing all this agitation? The bill to
abolish the slave trade in this District was one of
the compromise measures of 1850. I voted for
most of those compromise measures; but I want it
understood now, as it was then, that 1 did not vote
for them because they were compromise meas-
ures. Those for which I voted (for I voted for
each measure by itself) I voted for because they
were right in themselves; those I voted against 1
voted against bf cause I believed they were wrong
in themselves. Compromise! Ah, yes; compro-
mise with the North, and abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia, and exercise the constitu-
tional power in the Territories, and all for what?
In the language of my honorable colleague—to see
how far the North will go I
I was no compromise man then. I was for each
of those measures which I sustained because I
believed it to be right. I think it is time for the
North and the South to abandon the idea of com-
promise. You have a Constitution which guar-
anties certain rights to all the States composing
this Confederacy. Stand by the Constitution.
Make no compromise by which the North wiH
concede its rights to the South, or the South con-
cede its rights to the North, but maintain the
Constitution as it is, and thereby secure to each
and all the States of this Confederacy their con-
stitutional rights. Was there ever a compro-
mise made in which some one was not wronged,
in which some one of the parties did not lose?
There is a great principle of right somewhere; let
us ascertain where the right is and let the North
and the South maintain it, neither making con-
cessions.
What has been the history of compromises in
this Government? In 1820 we had a compromise.
The nation was agitated; dissolution was threat-
ened before the compromise was made; and after
the compromise was made, it became a fixed, per-
manent subject of contention and agitation and
discussion, until it was repealed. You get up a
great agitation, and settle it by a compromise; and
then you keep up an agitation as to what the com-
promise means, or what is the extent of its obli-
gation. I think it is time to quit compromising.
In 1850 several measures were passed as com-
promise measures. They produced a great agi-
tation. A dissolution of the Union was threatened;
and in 1851 some great pacificators came forward
—men who were willing to be sacrificed upon the
altar of their country on another compromise.
*17hat compromise has since been a continual and
unceasing source of agitation. Is it not time for
the North and the South to quit compromising?
There is a great principle of right somewhere.
Let us find out what is the right, and abide by
it.
Wheneverthere is a difficulty between vice and
virtue, vice can get up an agitation, an issue with
virtue, and of course vice is always ready to com-
promise; but whenever virtue compromises with
I vice, vice obtains the ascendency. Whenever
there is a contest between truth and falsehood,
i and it is settled by a compromise, truth gives way
i and falsehood triumphs. Is it not time to stop
I compromising? I think we_ have compromised
j enough, and I will say here in my place to-day,
; that I believe the agitation which has taken place,
| first, in getting up compromises, and then upon
the compromises after they are made, has done
more to make the institution of slavery permanent
than all the other action of the Federal Govern-
ment. The constant outside pressure, the agita-
tion of the question in the free States, has done
more to give the institution of slavery strength
and solidity in the southern States than anything
else that has taken place in the country. Among
southern men the philosophy, the nature, the
character of the institution of slavery are better
understood than formerly. The southern mind,
to-day, is more reconciled to the institution of
slavery, and better satisfied with it, than it ever
has been since the institution has existed. This
is the fact, and it is not worth while to disguise it.
Then let us agree, North and South, to abide
by the Constitution of the country, and have no
