1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not. I do not think
there is ever worse legislation than that done in
confcrcncc committees. I think the judgment of
each member of the Senate ought to be given on
the questions upon which he ,is called to vote.
Some of these amendments! am in favor of, and
some I am against. The result of rejecting them
in gross, will be to put them all in the power of a
committee of conference. I do not wish to en-
large the legislative power of any six gentlemen
of the two Houses to do important legislation for
the country.
Mr. HUNTER. I propose that the Senate
should determine without submitting the matter
to a conference.
Mr. TOOMBS. But if you force me to vote on
al! the amendments together, I cannot vote prop-
etly. Some of them I approve of, some of them
I disapprove of, and therefore I want a separate
vote on each, so as to vote for what [ approve,
and against what I disapprove. If we disagree
to the action of the House in a bunch, the com-
mittee of conference makes the bill, as has been
usual in our legislative history for the last six or
eight years.
Mr. HUNTER. If we agree to the action of
the House at once, there will be no conferencc at
all, but the bill will be passed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know that, but some of these
provisions I do not want to pass.
Mr. MALLORY. It seems to me to be a very
extraordinary proposition on the part of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, to propose a
departure from the usual course of asking for a
committee of conference at this stage of the bill.
I suppose it is made in view of the agreement to
adjourn on Monday. I have voted unifoimly
against adjourning on so eaily a day as Monday,
because I foresaw that towaids the end of the
session we should be hurried into votmgformeas-
ures about which we really knew nothing. Now
we are called upon to vote on these amendments
in gross. I am totally opposed to such a course.
I have no idea that it will be advantageous to the
country. I mean to act on these questions with-
out reference to the adjournment at all; I think
the day fixed for adjournment is premature. I
desire to have a conference in this case, because,
on hearing the reasons which the House of Rep-
resentatives may assign on some of these amend-
ments, I may be willing to recede, or may be
more determined to adhere to them. I should not
feel myself bound by the action of a committee
ofconteience, but I should like to have that inves-
tigation in the usual form.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senate will not concur
in the amendments of the House of Representa-
tives, one of which is to strike out all appropria-
tions for fortifications, which I consider the most
important feature in the bill. I would rather
abandon the whole bill than lose that item. They
have spnt us no fortification bill; and unless we
provide for the fortifications in this bill, the con-
sequence will be that works will be arrested which
cannot be arrested without serious injury and
future increased expense.
Mr. HUNTER. Will my friend from Missis-
sippi allow me to suggest—and I suppose that
would probably be the sentiment of the Senate—
that he ask for a committee of conference. I do
not believe I sympathize with the action of the
Senate in regard to most of the amendments to
the Army hill. I moved to concur in the action
of the House, because I thought in the mam it
was right. I suggest to the Senator from Missis-
sippi that he may move for a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. DAVIS. I do move for a committee of
conference.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will suggest to gentlemen
whether we might not take a vote on some of
these amendments, recede from some, and send a
message to that effect to the House of Represent-
atives: and perhaps they may recede from their
action on others; and m that way close the bill
without a conference. We may perhaps give
way on some of these amendments; and if the
House of Representatives find that, they may be
willing to give way on others.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not believe you will ever
settle it in that way. You must either a^ree to
what the House of Representatives has done, or
have a committee of confcrcncc. I agree myself
to what the House has done m taking off three
millions, and I think it is taken off in but a single
instance where I would not concur with them.
Mr, BENJAMIN. That is for fortifications ?
Mr. HUNTER. No. I concur with them in
that. I think they have taken off in one instance
where they ought to have left the appropriation;
but that can be provided for.
Mr. BA YA RD. I hope the vote will be taken
separately on the amendments, so that we may
say whether we shall recede from each one or not.
There may be some which the Senate may not
sustain by a decided vote, and some on which
they may yield. There are others that the Sen-
are, by a decisive vote, may show their determ-
ination to insist upon. If, however, we insist on
all the amendments in a lump, and leave the mat-
ter to a committee of conference, they have not
the distinct judgment of the Senate to guide them
on each point. My friend from Virginia was
opposed, as we all know, to what I consider the
most important amendment made by the Senate
—the appropriationsforfortifications. Of course,
if we insist on all our amendments, in a lump, we
leave them to a committee of conference, and those
that they think of less importance they will re-
cede from and take others.
Mr. HUNTER, I said that I did not intend
to be connected with the committee at all. The
Senator from Mississippi, who represents the
feelings of the Senate on this question, has moved
for a committee of conference.
Mr. BAYARD. I place that aside. Still it
comes to this: the sense of the Senate ought to be
expressed 011 these several amendments, so that
the committee of conference may know what it is
that we really desire to insist upon. I think it is
better to take the vote separately.
Mr. HAYNE. This bill lias been fully dis-
cussed in the Senate, every item in it, and after
a great waste of time we came to the conclusion
that the bill ought to pass as it is. In my hum-
ble opinion, the only mode of carrying our point
is to face the question, send the bill back to the
House, and say we adhere to it as it is. It has
been debated fully; and if we go 011 discussing it,
we shall never adjourn.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am adverse to testing
the sense of the Senate on all the amendments to-
gether. I concur with the S<matoi ftom Missis-
sippi, that the provision for fortifications is of
more real importance to the country than all the
rest of the bill; and I trust that the course pro-
posed by him will be pursued, and that we shall
insist on our amendments, and ask for a commit-
tee of conference in the usual course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
the position of the question. The Senator from
Mississippi moves that the Senate insist on its
amendments, disagree to those of the House of
Representatives, and ask for a committee of con-
ference. Several Senators have asked for a divis-
ion of the question, and the vote will be taken on
the amendments separately.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose if I withdraw my
motion to enable the Senator from Mississippi to
make his, which I do, the Senate will be willing
to take the question at once on his motion, as that
is the usual way to settle such things.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is that
of the Senator from Mississippi, but still a Sen-
ator may ask for a division on each amendment.
STUART. I desire to move that the Sen-
ate recede from its amendments. I agree with the
Senator from Georgia, that the time has arrived
when we ought to legislate for ourselves and not
legislate by committees of conference. I stated
yesterday, in the discussion, that it was time to
stop the system of putting the whole legislation
of the country into the hands of five or six mem-
bers of the two Houses. I therefore move that
the Senate reccde from its amendments to this bill.
That will bring us to the question, and it can be
taken separately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
clined to think that the motion of the Senator
from Michigan is first 'n order.
Mr. STUART Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT, It is moved and
seconded that the Senate recede fiom its amend-
ments. >
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand a division of the
amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the vote must
be taken on each amendment separately. The
Secretary has already read the first amendment
of the Senate, which h$s been disagreed to by the
House of Representatives. The question is on
receding from that amendment.
The motion to recede was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know whether the Sen-
ate understood the question; if so, I have nothing
to say.
Mr. MALLO.RY. I move a reconsideration.
No one understood the question.
Mr. SEWARD. I move a reconsideration-
The motion to reconsider wets agreed to; and
the question recurred, " Will the Senate recede
from its amendment?"
Mr. DAVIS, f will merely state to the Sen-
ate—I shall not detain them by going into a full
explanation—that this amendment involves a very
small amount of money, and no additional appro-
priation; the appropriation being adequate to the
whole want. Iteffectsa very great improvement
in the organization of the Military Academy,
which has been recommended from time to time
for the'last twenty ycais, and for the want of
which it has been twice necessary to brevet the
superintendent, so that he might take the brevet
rank of colonel to the Army when he left the acad-
emy. This is a proposition not to confer a brevet,
not to confer lank temporarily, but permanently.
It is believed it will benefit the academy. I hope
the Senate will not recede from, but will insist on,
this amendment.
The question being taken, the Senate refused
to recede from the amendment.
The Secretary read the next amendments to
which the House of Representatives disagreed,
(the third and fourth,) which were to strike out
the following clause:
"For the alteration of old arms, so as to make them
breech loading: guns, m accordance with the recommenda-
tion of the Secietary of War, $100,000
and in lieu of it, to insert:
For the purchase of breech-loading carbines, of the best
niod<;l, to ho sclccted and appioved by a board of ordnance
olficeis, S'-J5,000.
For the alteration of old arms, so as to make them breech-
loadinsr aims, upon a model to be •-elected and approved by
;i hoatd of ordnance officers, ^3,000: Provided, any portion
of said sum, not exceeding «.">.0U0, may be expended under
the direction of the Sccretaiy of War, in applying to the old
ot new anxmhp reccnt improvement of Captain J. N. Waid
in the mode of applying Maynaid's primer.
Mr. DAVIS. If we recedc from these amend-
ments, we leave the Secretary of War no money
with which to purchase the improved arms that
are made from time to time in the country, but he
will have $100,000 to convert the old muskets into
breech-loading arms. I think the amendments of
the Senate greatly improve the mode of applying
the money. They allow him to purchase, from
time to time, as ingenuity devises something
which promises to be useful, a small number for
actual test in the field; and I think we should do
no more upon any plan which is new until that
actual test has been applied to it, and we have
thus been able to determine this point m a man-
ner which will not render us liable to ruin the
arms we have, and introduce something which
will have to be thrown away, as we have done on
several former occasions.
Mr. PUGH. I would suggest to the Senate
that these amendments call for a less amount of
money than the provision of the House bill for
which they arc a substitute. I think we had" bet-
ter adhere to these amendments.
The Senate refused to recede from the amend-
ments.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. If we desire to econ-
omize time, 1 suggest that we had better resort to
the usual course of insisting on our amendments
and asking for a committee of conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] insisted on a separate
vote upon each amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw my demand
for a division, as it appears to be the sense of the
Senate to insist on all its amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Louisiana withdraws his demand for a divis-
ion, the motion of the Senator from Mississippi
stands.
Mr. STUART. But that does not dispose of
my motion to recede.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
pardon; it docs not. If there be no further de-
mand for a division, the question will be on the
