812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
more compromises. We have been compromised
and conservatised until there is hardly any Con-
stitution left. We first compromise and settle a
question wrong, and then we must all turn con-
servatives and stand by the wrong that has been
accomplished by the compromise. Compromise!
I almost wish the term was stricken out of the
English language. Conservatism ! It is the argu-
ment of despots and tyrants, one that entails an
existing institution in its present form, whether
it be right or wrong. We mustcompromise, and
inflict great wrong on the country; and then all
are to turn conservatives, and stand by the wrong
that has been inflicted on the country. So we see
where this compromising spirit has carried us.
We see the lure that has been thrown out by my
honorable colleague and others, to induce northern
men to encroach on the South. Notwithstanding
his allusions to his deep interest in slavery, and
all that, we see where he stands.
The Legislature of Tennessee have manifested
no disrespect in these resolutions. They have
exercised the privilege and power that has been
exercised by most of the States of this Confed-
eracy.
But, my honorable colleague would seem, in
his concluding remarks, to have a desire to draw
me off from his pursuit by throwing out a com-
pliment, with the remark that I had made one of
the most powerful arguments against the Lecomp-
ton constitution he had heard. I am at fault here
again. It is my misfortune, I presume, not his
fault. I did not understand myself that way, and
how he can make such an application of my ar-
gument is a matter of profound astonishment to
me. What was it, I said, that could convey, in
the slightest degree, the idea that I was against
the Lecompton constitution; or what position did
I take that would demonstrate that I was against
the Lecompton constitution? It would require a
man with magnifying glasses, it would take a mi-
croscope that would multiply millions of times,
to discover anything in the remarks 1 have made
to-day which would seem to indicate opposition
to the admission of KanSisunder the Lecompton
constitution. No, sir; and in continuation of
what I was saying on that point—I will occupy
the Senate but a few moments longer, for I have
spoken three times as long as I intended—1 shall
vote to let Lecompton in; not because my Legis-
lature has instructed me to do so, but because I
believe it is right, and the most effectual means to
settle and put down the agitation that is now per-
vading the whole country.
What is it that I have said which would come
in conflict with my going for the admission of
Kansas into the Union as a State? Because 1 ar-
gued that power was with the people ? Does that
make an issue with the admission of Kansas?
Not in the slightest degree. The only question
for Congress to determine when Kansas applies
for admission is, is it a State? Whether it has
got to be a State by a regular process or by irreg-
ular process, so the end is reached that it is a State
and has a republican form of government, it is
entirely competent for Congress to admit her with-
outrcference to her irregularities or informalities.
Many States have been admitted into the Union
in this way, and the chances are that others will
be. ,
What is there that I have said as to sovereignty
abiding with man that comes in conflict with the
admission of Kansas now? Go to the organic
law and you find that the power is conferred oil
the people of Kansas to legislate. Was the pass-
ing of a law under the territorial government in
conflict with the Constitution of the United States,
which provided for the calling of a convention?
Go back to the bill reported to the Senate during
the last Congress, omitting the provision that the
constitution should be submitted to the people.
Who reported that bill ? The honorable Senator
from Illinois, chairman of the Committee on Ter-
ritories. He reported a bill to the Senate author-
izing the adoption of a constitution without being
submitted to the people. That bill when it first j
went to the committee had in it a clause providing
that the constitution should be submitted, and it
was reported back without that clause. Was it
not intended by this enabling act, or whatever
name you may properly call it, that the people
may mout in convention, and when in convention
may form a constitution, and may or may not, as
circumstances may'require, submit it to a popular
vote at the polls, or adopt it as a constitution,
without submission ? That is what the commit-
tee must have intended. We find the Minnesota
enabling act requiring the constitution to be sub-
mitted to the people. That bill came from the
same committee. The committee must have un-
derstood the subject. They reported one bill re-
quiring it to go to the people; the other bill came
back from the committee with that clause out of
it. The bill was lost in the other House, and
then Kansas proceeded, through her Legislature,
to pass a law authorizing the convention to be
called, and the people elected delegates. I know
the question is to comeup here, and when it does,
I will show gentlemen who make these insinua-
tions, whether there is any conflict with my po-
sition.
Whence does the convention derive its power ?
Some say from the Legislature, and some trace it to
one source, and some to another. I say the Legis-
lature took the regular steps, in an orderly, peace-
able manner, for the election of delegates to the
convention. The people elected delegStes. The
delegates being elected, met in convention, de-
riving their power from the people that elected
them, and not from the Territorial Legislature.
The convention was the representative of" the sov-
ereignty of the people; it was, in fact, the people
assembled in their highest political attitude, acting
in convention to prescribe the nature and charac-
ter of their institutions. That convention being
the people assembled in their highest political
attitude, had the power to submit a constitution
back to the people for ratification, or the power
to adopt it at once, or to submit part of it. This
was discretionary with them. If I had been a
member of that convention, I am free to say I
should have been in favor of the submission of the
whole constitution to the popular vote; but the
people were present in convention, and they de-
termined this point for themselves. In that con-
stitution they have made an express reservation
of the right to alter or amend. In my judgment,
without that reservation, they would have, in the
language of the Declaration of Independence, the
power to alter, amend, or abolish, their form of
government at any time, in such manner as they
may prescribe. But to make the point clear, the
constitution of Kansas, in the bill of rights, ex-
pressly reserves to the people the right of altera-
tion.
Then 1 should like to know how anything I
have said conflicts in the slightest degree with
the admission of Kansas into the Union as a
State? 1 contend that the only question for Con-
gress to determine is, whether a State has been
formed, and whether it has a republican form of
government. That being settled, Congress is
either to admit it or keep it out. If Congress
can assume as cause for sending the constitution
back to the people, that the proceedings have
been irregular and informal, Congress may as-
sume as a cause that this provision, or that pro-
vision, or the other provisionals not right, and
send it back to the people; and the result is, that
Congress makes the constitution; Congress, not
the people, exercises the power. When the State
is admitted, the subject of her local policy belongs
to her people. There may perhaps now be a ma-
jority of the actual persons in Kansas against
some of the provisions of the constitution; but,
if so, they have power, at any time they may
think proper, to change that constitution, and
change the institutions established by it. Here
I desire to inquire what will be gained by keeping
Kansas out of the Union? Do you thereby ex-
pedite the proceedings of the people there m re-
forming or altering the constitution ? Can they
not proceed as readily and as speedily after they
are admitted into the Union to change the consti-
tution if it is wrong, as they can proceed before
its admission? The idea of Congress forcing a
constitution on the people of a State is an absurd-
ity. Congress doesnot force it on them at all;
Congress does not make it; Congress takes the
constitution as an evidence that a State lias been
formed, and says to her, " Walk in with your
constitution, and afterwards change it in your
own way, and at such time as you may select
and piescribe."
What can be the objection to the admission of
Kansas ? This question is more clear as to a State
than as to a Territory. No one has a right to inter-
fere with the people of a State in regard to their in-
stitutions ; but no w the idea is suggested that when
the people of a Territory have taken the necessary
steps towards becoming a State, the constitution
they may make is to be regarded as a petition,
and that they do not become a State until Congress
gives its assent. What does this imply ? If it is
not a State until Congress gives its assent, is not
this an admission that sovereignty is here ? If it
cannot be a State until assent is given by Con-
gress, Congress has the sovereignty, and must
impart it to the State. I eay it does not reside
here; I say Congress cannot make a State; Con-
gress cannot impart sovereignty, for it does not
possess it. A State must emanate from the people;
and whether they act regularly or irregularly, all
that is necessary for us to do is to ascertain that
a State has been formed, and has a republican
constitution, and then to admit it into the Union,
or keep it out.
I am as unfortunate in understanding gentle-
men's notions in this respect as I was in not un-
derstanding precisely the definition which my
honorable colleague gave of his position; but I
think I understand myself. There is a principle
in this matter; and if you will pursue principle,
you will arrive at a proper conclusion.
Mr. President, I have said all that I intended to
say upon the resolutions of the Legislature of
Tennessee, and a great deal more on other mat-
ters. I did not intend to take the range which I
have taken; but I have been led off into saying
thus much without great order or method. I
think I understand the principle which lies at the
bottom of this controversy. I wish to act on that
great principle. I desire to admit Kansas and
allay agitation and strife. I want the North and
the South alike to stand upon the Constitution.
Let us make no compromises; but let us stand
by the Constitution as it is. Though we may differ
in reference to a local institution here and another
there, let us act as lovers of the Constitution, in
the North and in the South, neither conceding its
rights, but both standing by the great principles
of free government. Let usadmit States into the
Union, recognizing the great source of power by
which States are made. Let us admit Kansas and
Minnesota, whether they come hand in hand or
separately, I care not. I stand ready to receive
them both. I shall vote for the admission of Min-
nesota because I believe it is right in principle,
because I believe it is for the interest of the Con-
federacy. I shall vote for the admission of Kan-
sas because I believe it is right to do so. As other
States may be formed in the progress of this Gov-
ernment, I shall vote for their admission when I
am satisfied that States have been formed, and
that their constitutions are republican. I hope
that I have succeeded in making myself under-
stood by my competitor 
Mr. BELL. No competitor in any respect or
in any way.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. My colleague
says he is not my competitor in any respect.
When we are in the habit of particular kinds of
discussion we are accustomed to use certain re-
marks; and by a slip of the tongue we sometimes
use them inadvertently. Having had a good
many competitors to contend with, the term has
become familiar to me in speaking in opposition
to another; and when one gets in the habit of
using such terms, they are repeated sometimes
unconsciously.
Mr. BELL. I excuse it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. My colleague
says he is not my competitor in any respect.
Mr. BELL. 1 do not mean it in any offensive
S6J1SG
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. When the
Democratic State convention met in our State the
gauntlet was thrown out, and we could have had
a fuller demonstration, if one was needed or could
be had, of the opinion of the people of Tennes-
see on these questions. .My honorable colleague,
with all his power, with all his information, and
all his tact as a debater in Congress and out of it,
was invited to participate in that struggle; and if
public opinion was wrong, the opportunity was
tendered to him to go before the people and make
public opinion right. Here, as it occurs to me,
I will remark that when the convention nominat-
ing the opposition candidate for Governor sat, it
was given out that he had made a speech in that
convention, in which he declared that he was
going forth, trident in hand; that he was going to
