1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$13
put down everything that came in contact with
him—yes, that the Hon. John Bell was to be in
the field, and the smaller aspirants had better get
out of the way.
He was to be in the field with his armor on; and
it was given out in a boasting and taunting man-
ner that it made no odds whom he met, whether
it was Richard or Saladin, whether it was Saxon
or Saracen; if he came m contact with the Hon.
John Bell, his casque was sure to be crushed.
These things were all given out; public opinion
was to be set right. The gauntlet was taken up;
contests were solicited and sought, and, in fact,
the Democracy tried to provoke their opponent so
as to g^t him into a fight. How many Demo-
crats did he meet before the people of Tennessee
in that canvass to set public opinion right? We
have not many Richaras and Saladins, or Saxons,
or Saracens there. We have some few who try,
and i think most of them do understand most of
the questions that are discussod generally, and
can take care of themselves. Who was crushed ?
1 know some that were anxious to meet the hon-
orable Senator on the stump in regular set-tos, if
necessary, though they would have been crushed
in the first tilt, but they were never afforded that
opportunity. I have had competitors again and
again, and many of them not inferior in ability
and reputation even to the honorable Senator's
own conception of himself. I will not refer to
the result of the issues that took place between
those competitors and myself. I leave that for
the history of the country to tell. I have had
competitors who were foemen worthy of my steel,
and they have met their fate like honoiable men,
and recognized mo as such. A gentleman and
weU-frred man will respect me, and all others I
wili make do it:
'• (Jpon what meat doth tln^ our Ca^ar feed,
That he js giown bo gieat?"'
Is he beyond the reach of popular sentiment?
In rather a taunting and sneering manner he says
he is not my competitor in any sense, if you
have never been my competitor, your equals have;
and in the conclusion of their contest they adjusted
their robes and prepared themselves for their fate;
and, I repeat again, fell like honorable men. I
stand here to-day not as the competitor of any
Senator; but I stand here, in a senatorial sense,
the compeer of any Senator. I know my rights,
and I intend to try to learn the proprieties of the
Senate; and in compliance with those proprieties,
my rights, and the rights of the State which I
have the honor in part to represent, shall be main-
tained (to use terms very familiar with us) at all
hazards and to the last extremity. So much for
" competitors."
In the first place, wc have gone over these in-
structions; in the next place, we have gone over
the proper lodgment of sovereign power; and in
the third place, we have gone over the idea thrown
out about " competitors." I must say, m conclu-
sion of these desultory remarks, that I have been
forced before the Senate more and oftener than I
intended to have been, under any reasonable cir-
cumstances, for the first twelve months or two
years of my service here. My intention was to
come here and pass through that probation which
older and more expenenced men and Senators
more talented than myself should assign and pre-
scribe for me. I have, however, been forced thus
often before the Senate. It has been contrary to
my inclination; but I believe that duty to myself,
duty to my State, duty to principle, required me
to do so; and acting under this impression I have
ventured to trespass on the patience and time of
the Senate. I did not intend to trespass on the
Senate. I have come here to vote and act, and
shall try to do so. I thank the Senate for the at-
tention they have paid me.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President 
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator allow me to
move an adjournment?
Mr. BELL. I cannot yield the floor now If
must be obvious to the whole Senate that I could
hot have expected this course of remark from my
honorable colleague from Tennessee. I am taken
wholly by surprise, but I ask for no time. I feel
fully prepared and competent now to answer all
that he has said, so far as I can remember it; and
if he has said anything which I do not now re-
member I am willing that any gentleman shall
suggest it to me.
I must be permitted to say, that the course of
my colleague has been wholly inconsistent with the
sentiments and feelings he has professed towards
me since I have met him in the Senate. I con-
fess, sir, that I have formed a very different opin-
ion of him. He said to me, in express terms:
"If I could have understood you, and you could
have understood me, there never was any occa-
sion for any unfriendly feelings between us." He
will not deny that. I dare him to deny it. I
further said, that whateverdifferences there might
be between him and me—and I said it in mild and
courteous terms—though they might be radical
differences, yet, as colleagues, as Senators from
the same State, we should not exhibit those scenes
which have sometimes been exhibited between
colleagues from the same States. I have the ut-
most abhorrence for this species of collisions be-
tween Senators representing the same sovereignty,
the same State. I have always regarded it as a
principle that I would endeavor to conciliate, and
act with Senatois opposed to me in this body in
a courteous and fuendly spirit. I have always
thought that we should never exhibit our States
in an unfriendly attitude, although we maintain
firmly our own opposite sentiments. I had trusted
never to witness this sort of collision and conten-
tion, which, I beg my colleague's pardon for say-
ing. I think degrading alike to both. I thought,
from my conversations with my colleague since
he has been here, that he concurred with me, that
if there was anything on earth that ought to be
avoided, it was the collisions and contentions that
have taken place, sometimes perhaps necessarily,
between Senatois from tiie same Slate. I have
the utmost abhorrence for violent—1 will not say
vulgar—collisions and passages between Senators
from'the same State, on the floor of the Senate of
the United States; but I must express to you now,
sir, and to the Senate, my deep mortification to
see that I have been misled.
I believe there were no two men between whom
there could be a more determined opposition of
opinions and sentiments in regard to the princi-
ples by which this Government is regulated
and controlled, than Mr. Turney, my late col-
league in the Senate, and myself. lie was a self-
educated man, a man of naturally great powers
of intellect. He had no academical education, no
education at ail except that which he denvd from
his intercourse with society, lus observation of
men, and his own reading. When he came into
the Senate, there are some here now who will
bear witness that, although he was one of the
most decided men m opposition to my course
and views on this sectional question that I have
ever met with, although he united with the ex-
I tremeultraistsof the South in their protest against
| the compromise measures of 185:), yet there was
never one word from him to disturb the courte-
ous relations which ought to cxiat between Sen-
ators from the same State m this body, in my
opinion. Other gentlemen may have different
views on this point, but I cannot alter mine.
I must further say that it is apparent, from the
course and tenor of my colleague's argument and
the time which he occupied, fully three hours, m
answer to what I supposed was a very temperate,
moderate, inoffensive exposition of my course and
a review of the action of the Legislature in rela-
tion to me, that he was carrying out a precon-
ceived purpose. I studied what I should say
in presenting the resolutions; although i could
not speak in the language my own mind would
have dictated, because I was anxious to do noth-
ing inappropriate to the subject or inconsistent
with the feelings and principles I have felt, and
was particularly desirous of not going beyond
such declarations of opinion as I thought my col-
league would not feel himself bound to reply to.
But, sir, notwithstanding my conservative feel-
mgs,and, as I thought, courteous tone, (and I beg
to say again, with a disposition not to conflict
in any way or trespass on the feelings of my col-
league in the slightest degree,) in expressing my
sentiments in relation to the preamble and resolu-
tions which have been presented to-day, he has
most unexpectedly made one of the bitterest, one
of the most insulting, and most personal replies in
every respect, that malice, premeditated malice,
and determination could invent. My colleague
has replied u. use to-day with books all marked
down/with ih"ir cur-marks accompanying them.
As he continued in a three hours' speech, occa-
sionally throwing in the most insulting personal
allusions, the assignment of motives, that any
man could possibly conceive, no one who heard
his enunciations on this floor in regard to md
could doubt the feeling which prompted them.
Wholly unexpected are they to me. I regret
it, deeply*, sincerely, not <^ily with reference to
my own self-respect and the respect which is due
to this body, but on every other ground I regret
it deeply. Some of the gentlemen around me
have said: "Defer this until to-morrow; think of
it, and see what you will do." Sir, I am ready
now to go on. I ask no time to consider the re-
plies which are due to such assaults as have been
made on me by my colleague or any other mem-
ber of the Senate who chooses to support hira-
and back him. Now or at any other time, I am
ready to meet him. It requires no reflection.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. BELL. No sir; if you please, allow
me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Biggs.]
The Senator from Tennessee is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BELL. I am ready now, and I will pro-
ceed, if it is the wish of the Senate that I shall.
Mr. SEWARD arose.
Mr. BELL. No, sir; I will have no interven-
tion in regard to the course of my colleague on
this subject.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. BELL. I am bound to vindicate my honor.
Mr. FOOT. I hope the Senator from Tennes-
see will, on a moment's reflection, yield to the
general desire of the Senate to adjourn, and stop
this discussion for to-day right here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the gen-
tleman from Tennessee yield the floor ?
Mr. PUGH. With the permission of my friond
from Tennessee, ns he can speak to more ad-
vantage to-morrow, I will move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. BELL. I will yield, on condition that I
have the floor for to-morrow.
Several Senators. Of course,
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator withdraw hia
motion for half a minute, with the same under-
standing, to permit me to make a motion which
I think will meet the unanimous consent of the
Senate ? „
Mr. PUGH. With the understanding that the
Senator fiom Tennessee shall have the floor to-
morrow.
Mr. GREEN. That is the undeiStanding. I
wish merely, before we go into executive session,
to make a motion, by unanimous consent, to take
up the bill for the admission of Kansas, and make
it the special order for Thursday next, at one
o'clock, it is important to get that question out
of the way. We talk on the question, whether it
is before us or not; and ltis best, therefore, to dis-
cuss the subject explicitly and directly. I make
that motion.
Mr. GWIN." Does that precede the other
special orders on the Calendar?
Mr. STUART and Mr. GREEN. It leaves
them under the rules.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
cannot now be entertained except by unanimous
I consent.
i Mr. KING. I object.
i Mr. GREEN. Does the gentleman from New
Yoik object?
Mr. RING. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
Question before the Senate is on printing the les-
olutions intioduced by the Senator from Tennes-
see, from the State of Tennessee, and upon that
the Senator from Tennessee is entitled to the floor.
It is moved by the Senator from Ohio that the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope not.. At this
hour of the day it is hardly proper to go into
executive session for the purpose of doing busi-
ness. [" Adjourn!"] I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
! adjourned.
