1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
2923
Mr SEWARD. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill for the relief of Mrs. Jones and Mrs.
Gaines. There will now be no opposition to the
measure, as I understand, inasmuch as I have
agreed to the amendments that were suggested.
Mr. PUGH, I cannot consent to take'up that
bill now, though I am in favor of it. I think the
question of privilege ought to be disposed of.
Mr. SEWARD. ( move to postpone the spe-
cial oider, and take up the bill which I have m-
dicated.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My vote will be governed
entirely by the wish of the Senators who are in-
terested in the question of privilege. If they agree
to give up their time, I have no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. It will take no time.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have given up day after day,
and week after week, until I have reached this
hour, which has been specially fixed for the con-
sideration of the case. I am unwilling to yield
any further. All I ask is for a vote on the report
of the Judiciary Committee.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I have the permission of the
honorable Senator from Ohio, and the honorable
Senators from Indiana, to ask that the resolutions
of the Committee on Foreign Relations in rela-
tion to the recent proceedings in the Gulf be taken
up for the purpose of making them the order of
the day for to-morrow at twelve o'clock. ,
, ^ The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no oh^
jection, the resolutions'will be taken up. /
Mr. HALE. I object. l/
indiana senatorial election. *
The Senate proceeded to considef the following
report of the Judiciary Committee, which was
made by Mr. Pugh on the 24th of May:
The Committee on the Judiemiv, to whom woo referred
the credentialsot'graham n Fitch and Jkssk ij. IUuc.ut,
Senator* iron) the State of rndiana, together witli tin* doc-
uttj^nt-j and tfitimony t dative to that > object. have had the
^same under consideuition, owl iqiort, by ies.oiuuon.ai fol-
lows : ' ,
Resolved, That Graham n. Fitcii and Jesse d. Bright, j
Senators letuined and admitted fiom the State of Indiana, j
ore entitled to the seat-? which tiiev now hold ui the Senate '
as such Senator-* aforesaid, the former until the 4:h of !
Mnicb, 1861. and the latter until the 4th of March, j863, j
accoiding to the renor of their respective credentials*. i
Mr. PUGH.- Mr President, when the Com- j
mittee on the Judiciary decided in favor of this !
resolution, I was instructed, at the same time, to ,
submit a written report to the Senate; but after- j
wards, fearing that the session was about to close
prematuiely, it was judged mostexpedient simply j
to report the resolution, and let members of the i
committee individually express the views which
they entertained as to the matters of fact involved.
I had at that time prepared a narrative connec-
tedly, of the facts, as I understand them, and as I i!
believe the majority of the committee understands jj
them, on which the validity of this election de- [j
pends, and that statement I will now proceed to 'j
make. ||
The Legislature of Indiana consists of a Senate h
and a House of Representatives. The Senators [j
are fifty in number, and the Representatives one j;
hundred; the Senators chosen for a term of four :!
years (one half biennally) and the Representa-
tives for a term of two years. The Legislature
holds its regular sessions at Indianapolis, com-
mencing: the Thursday next after the first Mon-
day in January of the alternate year.
On the second Tuesday (14th) of October, 1856,
twenty-five Senators and one hundred Repre-
sentatives were elected in the seveial districts or
counties of Indiana; and these were to assemble
at Indianapolis on the 8th of Januaiy, 1857, in
order to be inducted into ofRce,arid, with twenty-
five Senators elected in October, 1$54, to compose
the Legislature of the State.
On that day, January 8th, the Representatives
convened, and the'House was duly organizfd,
at once, for the transaction of public business. !'
The Senate, however, became a scene of disor-
der and turbulence. By ihe constitution of In-
diana, article fifth and section twenty-first, the
Lieutenant Governor is, " by virtue of his office,"
the President of the Senate, and, as such, the :
person to call that body to order, receive the ere- ;
dcntiah of Senators newly elected, and direct the j
adnmuhtrarion to them of an appropriate oath of i
cilice. On tins occasion, at the usual hour, Ash- !
bei P. Willard, Lieutenant Governor, took the j
chair, and called the Senate to order, requesting i'
the.Senators elect to produce their credentials, and
receive the prescribed oath. Immediately several
of the Senators elected in October, 1854, com-
menced a disorderly and factious course of pro-
ceeding out of which all the present difficulties
have arisen. One of their number, Lewis Burk,
took a chair by the side of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor, and assumed to be the President of the Sen-
ate; appointed a clerk; called the roll of the Sen-
ators in office; required those newly elected to
deliver him their credentials, and be sworn under
his direction. Several of the Senators elected in
October, 1856, recognized Mr. Burk as President,
delivered their credentials to him, and, by his di-
rection, were sworn or affirmed. The aisles of the
Senate chamber, as well as the galleries, seem to
have been crowded, for the occasion, by violent
men, some of them armed, and all acting in con-
cert. The object of such a violation of order and
public peace, at variance with the duty of the Sen-
ators by whom it was instigated or countenanced,
is proven to have been that the organization of the
Senate of Indiana should be seized by mere tu-
mult, and the Lieutenant Governor deposed from
his constitutional authority, with a view to secure
the admission of three persons assuming to be
Senators (respectively) for the counties of Rush,
Marion, and Fountain, and, by means of their
admission, to obtain a majority of the Senate, and
prevent any election at that session of the Legis-
lature of Senators to represent the State oflndiana
m the Congress of the United States. For one
of the prominent duties of the Legislature, so re-
quired to convene on theN8lh of January, 1857, was
the election of two Senators m Congress; the first
to fill a vacancy at the time, and the second to suc-
ceed Hon. Jesssb D. Bright on the 4th of March
the rcufter.
In the disorder and confusion thus induced, the
Senate of Indiana took a recess until two o'clock
_ m Ihe afternoon; nt which time, fortunately, I
I better counsels prevailed. Mr. Burk and his sup-
porters abandoned their factious course; recog-
nized the Lieutenant Governor as rightful Presi-
dent of the Senate; caused the credentials of such
of the newly-elected Senators as had acted with
them t<
competent for the transaction of business. To
usurp this right of the LieutefiantGfovernor,an3,
through Mr. Burk's agency, foist"Messrs. Coop-
er, Bobbs, and Rice into the Senate, with or with-
out credentials, appears to have been a scheme
premeditated, attempted, and fortunately at length
abandoned. The illegal character of such pro-
ceedings has been repeatedly decided. I refer to
the case of Field vs. Field, (9 Wendell ,394,) which
arose upon a division of the religious society
commonly called Quakers; and to the case of the
Commonwealth vs. Green, (4 Wharton, 531,)
which arose upon the celebrated division in the
General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church.
On the 14th of October, 1856, a Governor and
a Lieutenant Governor of Indiana had likewise
been elected. The present constitution of the
State, which took effect November 1, 1851, pro-
vides in its fifth article: .
"Sec. 4." * * * * «The returns of every
election for Governor and Lieutenant Governor shall be
sealed up and tian^initted to the beat of Government, di-
rected to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, who
shall open and publish them in the presence of both House?
of the General Assembly,
<•' Sec. 5. The person, respectively, having the highest
number of votes for Governor and Lieutenant Governoi
shall be elected ; but in case two, or more, persons shall
have an equal, and the highest, numbei of votes for either
office, the General Assembly shall, by joint vote, forthwith
proceed to elect one of the said pei^ons Governor or Lieu-
tenant G.overnor, as ihe ease may be."
The constitution required also, in the ninth
section of the same article, that " the official
term" of the Governor and the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor should commence on the second Monday in
January after their election; which, in the present
case, would be Monday, January 12, 1857. On
that day accordingly, the House of Representa-
tives sent a message inviting the Senate " to at-
tend in the hall of the House of Representatives,
at half past two o'clock this afternoon, to open
and publish the returns of the election for Gov-
ernor and Lieutenant Governor, as required by the
fourth section of the fifth article of the constitu-
tion of the State of Indiana."
It seems that previously t on the 9th, a message
had been sent fiom the House " inviting the Sen-
riem to be again presented, and the oath of office i| ate into the hall of the House of Representatives
uly administered. Stanley Cooper, who had been I; to hear the annual message of his Excellency Gov-
swom as a Senator from Rush county, under the
direction of Mr. Burk, could furnish no creden-
tials of his election; but he was admitted, and
a®am sworn in the ahernoon, pursuan t to a special
oi der of the Senate. With this addition, the Sen-
! ators present numbered forty-nine; one of those
; elected m October, 1854, Mr. Alexander, being
i absent.
| It appears that in three senatorial districts,
1 namely; the counties of Rush, Marion, and Foun-
tain, Stanley Cooper, John S. Bobbs, and'Laac
A. Rice were returned as Senatois elect, in Oc-
tober, 1856, by bare pluralities, and in such cir-
cumstances as to induce a suspicion that they had
not been elected by the qualified voters, but by
the aid of persons non-resident and others not
qualified. I do not here assume to say that these
suspicions were well founded; inasmuch as the
decision of each House of the Indiana Legislature
(whether a decision wrongfully or rightfully made)
must be taken as conclusive on all questions
touching the election of its own members. But
the fact that Messis. Cooper, Bobbs, and Rice, ;
as well as those who sympathized with "them, !
resorted to such conduct on the 8th of January, !
1857, shows that they had little confidence m the !
truth of their own claim to be Senators elect. !
The statute of Indianaregulating general elec- !
tions and prescribing the duties of officers in re- !
lauon theieto," approved June 7, 1852, provides
(section thirty-eight) that: ' j
" When any peison is elected to an office by the voters '
of a county, not to bo commissioned by the Governor, and |
ytieh election is not contested, the cleik of the cncim court [
shall, aitei ten and uitbm twenty days fiom the time the
boai J of canvd-?-er& have m.ule their return, make out and
deliver, on demand, to such person a certificate of his elec-
tion," &c.
The election of Messrs. Cooper, Bobbs, and
Rice had been contested; and hence a question
would properly arise, upon the meeting of the
Senate, whether they had any credentials; and if
so, whether their credentials had been issued be-
fore or after the notice of contest. Such a ques-
tion must needs have been decided by the Lieu-
tenant Governor in the first instance, and until
the Senate had become an organized body and
lency (
ernor Wnght,'' to which the Senate had not paid
the least attention.
The message of January 12 shared no better
i fate; it became the subject of discussion and at-
j tempted amendmentin the Senate, protracted until
almost or quite the time appointed for the Speaker
of the House to discharge the duty enjoined on
him by the constitution of the State. One amend-
ment proposed was the addition of these words,
inappropriately enough, to the invitation sent to
the House:
u That, m said joint convention, no other business shall
be tian^aetcd except that of opening, counting, and pub-
lishing the returns of votes for Governor and Lieutenant
Governor, witnessing the inauguration, and the adimnis-
trauon of ihe oaths of office; and when that is done,such
joint convention shall stand adjourned sine die. without
numon."
In this emergency, the Senate refusing to act
on the invitation of its coordinate branch, and
thus effectually disorganizing the whole State
government, the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives (as the officer upon whom, by name,
the constitution of Indiana had devolved a spe-
cific duly in the premises) caused a formal sum-
mons to be served upon the Senators in session:
Hall o* the House of Representatives,
Indianapolis, January 12, 1857.
Sir : Please lay before the Senate, over which you pre-
side, the loliowmg communication.
BALLARD SMITH,
Speaker of the floutc of Representatives.
Hon. a. p. Willard, President of the Senate of Indiana,
Hall of the House of Representatives,
Indianapolis, Januaiy 12, IPoT.
Gentlemen of the Senate of Indiana : The constitu-
tion of the State devolves upon the undersigned the duty of
opening and publishing the election return*? for Governor
and Lieutenant Governor" of ihe State in the presence of
both Houses of the Gcneial Assembly.
i A> thp terms of office of tho^e functionaries begin on this
J day, by appointment of the constitution. F intend topei foim
I that duty in the hall of the House of Representatives in-
\ stantej, and le&pecttully invite you to be pieseut With the
j Huus-o oI Representatives now in session.
I KALLARD SMITH,
j Speaker of the House of Representatives.
j It appears in this connection that the Speaker
i aetcd in pursuance nf the order of the House of
1 Representatives. From the journal of the House
