1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
difficulty, I hope the Senate will leave no ques-
tion open. I hope we shall just lay the report
of the committee of conference on the table, take
up the message of the House, and then make a
motion to concur in that. [" No, no !"]
Mr. GREEN. 1 object to that. If we lay the
report on the table, the bill 13 lost, unless we take
it off the table a^ain, and pass it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, will the Senate agree to the report of the com-
mittee of conference?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move that we proceed to
the consideration of the message from the House
of Representatives.
Mr. GREEN. There is a question pending,
and that motion is not in order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose I am in order in
moving to postpone this subject informally, for
the purpose of considering the message from the
House of Representatives. That will relieve the
difficulty.
The PRESIDING"OFFICER. The question
is oil the motion to postpone the pending report
of the committee of conference.
Mr. HUNTER. "YVe cannot postpone the re-
port without postponing the whole subject. Here
is the condition of the question: It is a jointcom-
mittee, which committee reports the same thing
to the two Houses; and the universal mode in
which the question is taken, is upon concurrence
in the report of the committee. We have accom-
plished ail that the Senator from Illinois and those
who think with him desired, by waiting to take
up the question until we received the message
from the House of Representatives. The papers
have come back. The report refers to those papers.
They are before us. The only objection made be-
fore to taking the question on the report was, that
the papers were not here. That was the objection
taken by the Senator from Michigan. Now the
papers are here; the report refers to them; and
the question is, do we concur in the report of the
joint committee of conference? It is the same in
both Houses.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is this difference, how-
ever: we were considering the report of the com-
mittee of conference separate from any bill, or any
other paper. It is announced now that the House
of Representatives have concurred in the report,
and send us the papers, and it is not proposed to
take them up. Therefore, they are not before
the Senate for action; they are absent from us as
though that message had not been received, unless
the Senate take up the message from the House
of Representatives.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Can this be
done by general consent without producing fur-
ther delay ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope so.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am satisfied
that is all we wish; but, if it is the desire to pass
from one point in this case to another, and have
a new discussion, of course this side of the house
cannot consent to it. If the Senator from Illinois
only asks general consent to take the vote in the
mode he suggests, I doubt whether there will be
any opposition.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not aware that there is
a Senator on the floor who desires-a moment's
delay. Iam not aware that there is a Senator here
who wishes to utter another word on this subject
except to record his vote. My only object in
making the suggestion was simply to have our
proceedings regular, and take the vote instantly,
without any objection from any quarter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Well, let us
have the vote.
Mr. GREEN. The parliamentary law does
not permit tis to vote upon concurring with the
House of Representatives, but the parliamentary
law makes it our duty to vote upon the report of
the committee of conference, to concur or non-
concur in that report. There was a question
whether we could vote on that report before we
had the papers from the House. That objection
is now lemoved; but if you lay the report of the
committee of conference on the table and vote to
concur with the House according to parliament-
ary law, this bill is not passed. I do not care to
raise technicalities. I do not believe any Sena-
tor here desires to interpose any obstacle to the
passage of the bill. Since there is so general a
sentiment here in favor of taking the vote, let us
take the vote in the ordinary way. I have prece-
dents here showing that that is the only question
which can be put; it has uniformly been put, and
no other form of question ever has been put.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am informed by parlia-
mentarians around me, that the strict motion is to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill num-
ber so and so, being the Kansas bill, and the re-
port attached to it. That course would obviate all
difficulty. I modify my motion that we proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 161, for
the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union. By taking that up we shall avoid all diffi-
culty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question is, " Will the Senate agree to the report
of the committee of conference?"
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to postpone that, and
take up the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. We can take up the bill by
general consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. KING. I do not consent.
Mr. BROWN. Then I move to postpone. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Mississippi moves to postpone the pending
question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. For the purpose of consid-
ering Senate bill No. 161.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. For the pur-
pose of considering the bill which has just been
returned from the House of Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. If we postpone the confer-
ence report and take up the bill, what becomes of
the conference report? The two go together, un-
doubtedly. The universal practice is to take the
question on the conference report.
Mr. DOUGLAS. When the bill is taken up,
the question will arise on the conference report.
That accompanies the bill, and is an incident to
it.
Mr. HUNTER. But you propose to postpone
it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. No; we only postpone the
consideration of this paper at this time; and by
doing that, we bring up the bill with the confer-
ence report from the House of Representatives,
as an incident. There is no trouble or confusion.
I propose to take up the bill and report.
Mr. SLIDELL. Say so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well; I will alter the mo-
tion, to consider the bill and report.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot see that we have
anything to do with the bill. The question form-
erly raised was, whether the papers were here.
Nowthey arehere. Theonly question we have to
decide is, whetherwe will agree ordisagreeto the
report of the committee of conference. That has
been the invariable form of putting the question
We cannot act on the original bill unless we dis-
sent from the report of the committee. Then the
bill will come up; but in older to reach it, we ,
must first dispose of the report of the committee, !
The objection formerly made was, that the papers 1
were not here, and that therefore we could not
act upon the report of the committee. Now we
have the papers here; but because the papers are
here, I do not see that there is any other subject
to be considered than the one which was under
consideration before—the report of the commit-
tee. If you assent to that, then the subject is
ended. If you dissent from it, then of couise the
bill of the Senate will come up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Mississippi, as the Chair understands him,
moves to postpone the consideration of the pend-
ing question.
Mr. BROWN. I withdraw the motion. I want
to take the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is," Will the Senate agree to the report of the com-
mittee of conference;'' and on this question the
yeas and nays have been ordered. |
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have not withdrawn my ,
motion to postpone the subject which was under
consideration at the time this announcement was ;
made, and to proceed to the consideration of Sen- |
ate bill No. 1G1, and the report accompanying it ;
from the House of Representatives. |
Mr. GREEN. I hope that will be voted down, i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question :
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois, to
postpone the consideration' of the pending ques-
tion.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that. ■ •
Several Senators. Oh, no. '
Mr. KING. Let us have them,
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is: "Will the Senate agree to the
report of the committee of conference? On this
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have been requested
by Mr. Bell to say that he would vote, if here,
against the bill; but he has paired off with Mr.
Pearce on this subject.
Mr. HALE. I have been requested by my col-
league, [Mr. Clark,] who has been taken sud-
denly sick, and is confined to his room by sick-
ness, to make that excuse for his not voting. If
he were here, he would vote against the bill.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Fitch, of Indiana, has
paired off with Mr. Sumner, of Massachusetts.
He has been called home on account of illness in
his family, and Mr. Sumner has been detained
in Philadelphia by a relapse in his case.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 22; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Allen, Bayaid, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Bright, Brown, Clay, Davis, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Green,
Gwm, Hammond, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Mal-
lory, Mason, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Sliduli, Thomson of
New Jersey, Toombs, Wright, and Yulee—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Brodertek, Cameron, Chandler, Colla-
mer, (Jrittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Douglas, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Seward,
Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—22.
So the Senate concurred in the report of the
committee of conference.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion, and move to adjourn over to
Monday. I move that when the Senate adjourns,
it be to meet on Monday.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Executive
business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama moved to adjourn.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw that motion for the
Senator from Virginia.
Mr. MASON. I move that when the Senate
adjourns, it be to meet on Monday next.
'Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. To-morrow we
ought to act on the deficiency bill,and I am wait-
ing for the papers to be sent here from the House
of Representatives. The bill is there. We ought
to give one day to private bills.
Mr. IVERSON. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
token, resulted—yeas 21, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Broderick, Chandler,
Clav, Cuttenden, Dixon, JSvans, Green, Hale, Hamlin,
Hammond, Kennedy, King, Mason, Seward, Simmon*,
Thomson of New Jeisey, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wade—
21.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bigg-s, Bigler, Bright, Brown,
Cameron, Collamer, Doohttle, Douglas, Durkee, Fessen-
den, Fitzpati ick, Foot, Foster, Gwm, Harian, Hunter, tver-
son, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson or Tennessee, Jones,
Mallojy, 1'olk, Pugh, Sebastian, Slulell, Stuart, Wright,
and Yulee—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise for the purpose of sub-
mitting a motion that the Senate recede from its
amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 306) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 30, 183S. it is true
the papers are not here; they are in the House;
but it is obvious that the motion I make puts an
end to the question, ond it seems to me that we
have the right; it certainly has been the practice
heretofore.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
infotm the Senator that the papers are here.
Mr. HUNTER'.' Then I move that the Senate
recede from its amendments.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion. I hope the Senate will not recede
from its action.
Mr. STUART. When the question was taken
before upon the motion to recede, I did not vote
at all, and I cannot vote to-day. I do not wish
