814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 23, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. P. D. Gurley, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communications;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed:
A communication from the War Department,
transmitting the official Army Register for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1857; and
A communication from the same Department,
transmitting a statement of the expenditures du-
ring the year 1857, from the appropriation for the
contingent expenses of the military establishment.
PRINTING DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow me to introduce a bill
to pay for the printing, binding, paper, lithograph-
ing, and engraving, which is due to the various per-
sons who have furnished materials or done the
work under contracts which have been made with
their various departments. The House will re-
member that a bill for this purpose was intro-
duced some three weeks ago, and that it was de-
feated by the House. I have in my hand the
memorials of the various parties to whom this
money is due, asking that Congress will pay the
amount now owing to them by the Government, j
I ask that the bill may be read, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
that the bill is reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means, or is it introduced by the gen-
tleman himself?
Mr. CRAWFORD. It is reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means.
No objection being made, the bill appropriating
money to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for paper, printing, binding, and engraving
ordered by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth
Congresses, and which has been executed, was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask, in this connection,
to offer a resolution, not fiom the Committee of
Ways and Means, but from myself, individually.
Mr. FOSTER. I object, and call for the reg-
ular order of business.
QUESTION OP PRIVILEGE.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the following resolu-
tion offered by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Hoard] on Fndav last:
Whereas, a statement lias been made by a member of
tins Hou?e, importing tliat the Hon Mr Bukns, of Ohm,
hail stated to him, in a eouveisauon on the subject of Ins
vote on the lesolution ot Hon. Mr Harris, ot Illinois, to
commit to a select committee the President's message on
the Kansas investigation, thfit he was to have certain offi-
cial patronage, or appointments to otliee, at ins di?posai;
and whereas, the Hon. Mi BeRNS had previously been fiee
in lus avowal of sentiment*, with wlneh his vote on that
subject was m conflict, thus furnishing ground to suspect
that some improper influence had been exerted to bias tiie
said member's oliicia! action as a member of lliU House :
Thcieltire,
Retinal, That a committee of five be appointed by the
Speaker to inqune and investigate whether any improper
attempts have been oi aio being made, dneetly or indirectly,
by any person-- connected witll the executive department
of this Government, or by any othei person, with then ad-
vice or consent, to influence the action of any member of
this ftou^e upon any question or measure upon which the
House has acted, oi winch it has under consideration, with
power to send lor persons and papers, and with ieave to
repoit at any tune, in biil oi olheiwise.
And the pending question is, " Shall the reso-
lution be received and entertained on the ground
that it is a question of privilege?"
Mr. PHELPS. The pending question is one
which may involve a question of privilege, or not,
according to the decision of the House on the res-
olution. Now the House is not full to-day. and
if we proceed to the consideration of this question
we cannot have a proper expression of the sense
of the House upon it; and if we proceed to the call
of committees for reports, the committees will not
exhaust themselves in making reports, by reason
of the absence of a large number of the members |
of the House; and, therefore, I submit to the |
House whether it would not be better to allow the j
question to go over until to-morrow? Being of !
that opinion, 1 submit a motion that the rules be |
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into j
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the '
Union, for the purpose of proceeding with the dis-
cussion on the Indian appropriation bill.
I understand, in connection with that matter,
there was a resolution submitted by my colleague
on the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. J.
Gi.ancy Jones,] whom I do not now see in his
place, to terminate debate on this bill, and that he
called the previous question upon it; but I have
the impression that the Hoi\se did not order it I
have no power to withdraw that demand at this
time, and I do not purpose to press that resolu-
tion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman will
move to close debate to-morrow.
Mr. McKIBBIN. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr. PHELPS. I would yield to my friend, but
the regular Older of business has been called for,
and I presume it will be insisted on if I yield.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
called for the regular order of business.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the motion to go into
Committee ofthe Whole be withdrawn, I will move
to postpone the pending business a day or two.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that such
a motion would be in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw my motion, then.
Mr CLINGMAN. I now move that the pend-
ing question, arising on the resolution of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Hoard,] be post-
poned until the day after to-morrow. By thattime,
I presume, absent members will have returned.
The motion was agreed to.
CLOSE OP DEBATE.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business is a mo-
tion to lay upon the table the resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. Gi.ancy
Jones] to terminate debate on the Indian appro-
priation bill at two o'clock to-morrow, upon winch
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit to the gentleman who
made the motion to lay the resolution on the table,
that he withdraw it, and move to amend the res-
olution, so as to close debate on Thursday at two
o'clock.
The SPEAKER.. The motion was made by
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman from Maine
is not present. I("that motion is voted down, then
an amendment can be offered.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. By general consent the
yens and nays can be withdrawn, and then we
can vote down the motion.
M r. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have no objection
to allowing the call for the yeas and nays to be
withdrawn, if it is the understanding of the gen-
tleman who made the proposition that he will
move to extend the time for debate upon the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. Tile gentleman who submitted
the resolution is not in the.House, and I have no
control over it; but I hope the House will vote
down the motion to lay the resolution on the table;
that they will not sustain the call for the previous
question; and that then they will amend the reso-
lution, so as to close debate at two o'clock on
Thursday. I trust that will meet the approba-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mi. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have no objection
to make, if that is done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman from Illinois that it is entirely com-
petent for him to renew the motion to lay upon
the table, if his views are not carried out, and
upon that motion he could demand the yeas and
nays.
No objection being made, the demand for the
yeas and nays was withdrawn.
The motion to lay the resolution on the table
was then disagreed to.
The House refused to second the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move to amend the reso-
lution, by striking out "Tuesday at two o'clock,"
and inserting "Thursday at two o'clock;" and
on that I demand the previous question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish the gentle-
man to modify it still further, for 1 think it prob-
able that a privileged question will intervene be-
tween this time and the time indicated for the
close of debate, which will occupy a day, or a
part of a day. I refer to a case of a contested
election. I should therefore prefer that the gen-
tleman would modify his amendment, so as to
give at least another day for debate on this bill;
and if Friday is to be occupied with private
business, I should prefer having still another
day.
Mr. PHELPS. The objection to the modifi-
cation suggested by the gentleman from Illinois,
is that Friday next is private bill day, and ob-
jection day, and I think that the House ought to
proceed to the consideration of private business.
To continue this debate until next week would be
encroaching too far on the time of the House; and
it is not necessary to do so, for the purpose of de-
bate, because this bill will be followed by other
appropriation bills, on which debate can be con-
tinued. Besides,-as has been remarked by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
this bill contains nothing but the appropriations
necessary to carry out existing treaties, and ne-
cessary for the administration of the Indian de-
partment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. My object is to
have the bill submitted to a little more scrutiny
than such bills have been accustomed to receive
in this House. For this purpose alone I desire to
have time for investigation. I have given notice
to the gentleman, [Mr. Phelps,] that the House
and himself might be apprized of business which
will probably intervene within the time to be al-
lowed for this debate. The fact that Friday next
is private bill day is not a reason why we should
not have proper time for the examination of this
bill. I hope the House will give such proper
time. I am not going to enter into the discussion
of this question, but I think the House is aware
of the importance of this bill.
Mr. PHELPS. If it be any accommodation
to the House to fix Friday, I am willing to say
Friday at two o'clock. I offer that as an amend-
ment to the resolution, and call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the amendment was agreed to; and the
resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote hy
which the resolution, as amended, was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I now submit the motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to; there being, on a division, ayes 88,
noes 42.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Greenwood in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
Indian appropriation bill, on which Mr. Bur-
roughs was entitled to the floor.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. BURROUGHS. It is with a good deal of
diffidence and embarrassment, Mr. Chairman,
that I rise now to address the committee, because
1 have seen a number of gentlemen on my side of
the House attempting in vain, within the last
twenty-five or thirty days, to obtain the floor-
gentlemen who would have discussed the ques-
tion,which I propose to consider, with much more
ability than I can hope to bring to the subject.
Sir, I have felt myself exceedingly mortified,
from time to time, in this House, at the remarks
that have been made on the left side of the Hall,
to the effect that the Republican party was a sec-
tional party. We have not unf.equently been
