Sit©
TH® CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 80,
to detain the Senate; but I desire to explain, in, a
word, the reason why I did not vote. I am op-
posed to this bill as a whole. I am, however, in
favor of the House amendments, under the pir-
cumstances. I can not vote to recede withoutvoting
for the bill—that is if the Senate recede, that action
passes the bill—therefore I cannot vote at all.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays-21; as follows:
YJEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bigler, Bright, Brown, Clay, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Evans, Fuzpatrick, Green, Gwin, Ham-
mond, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas,
Jones, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, Polk, Sebastian, Slideil,
Thomson of New Jersey, Wright, and Yulee—25.
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Broderick,
Chandler, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkee, Foot, Foster,
Hale, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, King, rugh, Seward,
Simmons, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wade—21.
So the motion to recede was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope my friend from Ark-
ansas will give way for an instant. I voted against
the adjournment over until Monday, bccause I
desired to have the deficiency bill disposed of.
That having been done, I will now, if the Senator
from Arkansas will yield me the floor, make the
motion that when the Senate adjourns to-day it be
to meet on Monday next.
Mi". JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 know we
ought to have an executive session; but I will yield
to the motion of the Senator from Louisiana, as
my motion can be made after his has been dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Louisiana,
that when the Senate adjourns to-day it be to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust the Senate will not
entertain that motion. The Senate will remember
that they agreed some time ago to devote every
Friday to the consideration of the Private Calen-
dar; but I yielded this morning, that the Kansas
question might be taken up, with the understand-
ing that to-morrow should be allowed for the con-
sideration of private bills. I trust if we are .to do
any thing with the Private Calendar we shall meet
to-morrow. [" We will give you two days next
week."] That is not a promise I can'rely upon.
I tiust the Senate will sit to-morrow; I ask for the
yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn over, that
we may see who are disposed to do the public
business and who are not.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. KING. Is that motion now in order? Has
not the motion to fix the time to which we shall
adjourn precedence?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn is always in order.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Slidell's motion, resulted—yeas 24, nays
20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bavard, Benjamin, Bigler, Brod-
erick, Clay, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Evans, Fuzpatrick,
Green, Halo, Hammond, Kmc. Mason, Fugh, Sebastian,
Seward, yiidell,Thompson ot New Jersey, Toombs, Trum-
bull, and Wiigiu—24.
NAYS-—Messrs. Biggs, Bright, Brown, Chandler, Col-
lamer, Doolittle, Durkre, Fes&cndeu, Foot, Foster, Harlan,
Houston, ivenon. Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Mallory,
Polk, Stuart, Wade, and Yulee—20.
So it was ordered that when the Senate adjourns
to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
the Senate proeceded to the consideration of exec-
utive business; and after some spent therein, the
doois were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 30, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. W. D. Haley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the bill (S. No. 76) " to in-
corporate Gonzaga College, in the city of Wash-
ington, and Distnctof Columbia;5' and that that
body had passed a resolution (S. No. 21) devolv-
ing upon the Secretary of War the execution of
the actof Congress entitled " An act supplemental
to an act therein mentioned," approved Decem-
ber 22, 1854; in which he was directed to a|k the
concurrence of the House.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
Mr. ENGLISH. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The first question in order
is the conference report on the Kansas bill, and
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Clark] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
when I sought the floor yesterday, it was my in-
tention to occupy my hour in giving briefly the
reasons why I should vote against this conference
report; but I find myself this morning physically
unable to undertake the task. I shall seek the
floor to discharge this duty on another occasion;
but, sir, lest the call for the previous question
shall be made before I shall again obtain the floor,
an£ thus put it beyond my power to make the
remarks which I design, I will in one word say
that I regard this new scheme as eminently ob-
jectionable in form, and as still more dangerous
in substance. If I live, I shall vote against it; and
if opportunity be afforded me, I will, on some
other occasion, assign my reasons for that vote.
Mr. BONHAM. Mr. Speaker, the honorable
member from Mississippi, [Mr. Q,uitman,] with
whom I have acted on this subject, is not m his
place. I understand that he, would, if here, have
sought the floor this morning with a view to call
for the previous question. 1 now seek the floor
for that same purpose, and I therefore call for the
previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. BRYAN. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw the call for the previous question for a mo-
ment. I will renew it.
Mr. BONHAM. I withdraw it for the gentle-
man from Texas.
Mr. BRYAN. Mr. Speaker, it is due to my-
self and due to the people whom I represent, who
have passed through the ordeal of revolution, and
all the consequences of asserting the rights which
belong to a free people, that I should be heard as
to the position I have occupied on this question.
I have acted, upon collateral questions, with a
gallant band from the South in opposition to the
majority of the members from that section. One
of them, the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Quitman,] has his hair silvered through long years
of service, and has fought in behalf of the inter-
ests and the rights of his sunny land. Another,
with whom I have acted, has been ever true to the
South—the accomplished author of the " Union,
past and future, how it works, and how to save
it." I have acted also with one who represents
the district of Preston S. Brooks, whose brother
gave up his life in fighting in the van of the war
for the extension of the institutions of the South—
the associate of Travis, and of Crockct, who fell
at the ThermopylcC of Texas. " Thermopylae had
her messenger of defeat; the Alamo had none."
I have acted with &Goode from Virginia, a Stall-
wortk and a Shorter from Alabama; and higher
than this, I have acted under the resolutions of the
sovereign State of Texas. I will read those reso-
lutions:
Joint resolution in response to the Governor's message on
Kansas affairs.
Whereas there exists, and has existed, a violent dcterm-
| mfltion, on the part of a poition of the inhabitants of the
Territory of Kansas, to exclude by force the citizens of the
slaveftolding States from a just, equal, and peaceful parti-
cipation in the u«e and enjoyment of the common property
and territory of the membeis of the Confederacy; and
whereas, this determination, owing to the state of political'
feeling in the not them States of the Confederacy operating
upon the Federal Government, may become effectual, and
the exclusion perpetual: Therefore,
First, Be it resolved by the Legislature of the State of
Texa\. That the Governor of this State is heieby authorized
to ord^r an flection for seven delegates to meet delegates
appointed by theothersouthern States? m convention, when-
ever the Executives of a majority of theslaveholding States
shall expie&s the opinion that such convention is necessary
to preserve the equal rights of such States in the Union, and
advise the Governor of this State that measures have been
taken for the appointment of delegates to meet those of
Texas ; and that the sum of §10,000, or so much thereof as
is necessary, be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
pay the mileage and per diem of such delegates, which shall
be paid at the rate paid to members of the United States
Congress, according to the law in force in the year 1854.
Second, That, should an exigency arise, in the opinion of
the Governor, in which it is necessary for the State of Texas
to act alone, or by a convention representing the sovereignty
of the State, lie is hereby requested to eallaspecial session
of the Legislature to provide for such State convention.
Third, That the Governor is requested to transmit copies
of these resolutions to the Executives of each of the slave-
holding States, and to our members of Congress.
Sir, upon what were these resolutions based ?
Upon the declarations of the President of the Uni-
ted States; upon the language of the southern
Democratic Senators in the other wing of the Cap-
itol; upon the language of the southern Repre-
sentatives here, and the Democratic Represent-
atives of the North, who acted with them early
in the session, when they declared that the legal
will of the people of Kansas had been expressed
in the Lecompton convention which framed their
constitution.
Sir, in our own State of Texas, a few months
since, an election was held to fill a vacancy for a
judge of the supreme court. Out of sixty thou-
sand votes in our State, not more than .twelve
thousand votes were cast to fill that office. The
judge who received the majority of those votes
is now upon the bench, deciding the rights of the
people of that State. If a majority of the people
of Kansas stayed away from the polls, they did
what the people of Texas did. As I said before,
the action of the Legislature of Texas was based
upon the language of the Representatives of the
South, and the Democratic Representatives of the
North, who acted with them upon this floor; upon
similar language uttered in the other wing; of the
Capitol, and upon the language of the Chief Ex-
ecutive, that Kansas should be admitted under the
Lecompton constitution, without referring the
question of admission back to the people of Kan-
sas. Sir, what is the state of the case now? In
the proposition that is presented to us, we refer
back the question to the people of Kansas. I, for
prudential considerations, which can be under-
stood by southern members here, will not enter
into the discussion of that proposition. But I in-
tend to acquiesce in the action of the majority of
the Representatives of the section from which I
come, for this reason: I find, since I have been in
Washington, that new party ideas are promulged,
and, to some extent, a new party doctrine has
been established. The great party which prevails
in the North, through their great leader in the
other end of the Capitol, has said:
" 1 regard this battle as already fought; it is over. All the
mistake is that the honorable Senator and otheis do not
known—we are fighting for a majority of liee States. There
aie already sixteen to fifteen, [f that is so, what dangers
are we exposed to ? And whatever the Administration may
do, whatever anybody may do, before one year from this
time, we thail be nineteen to fifteen."
Again, he says:
"Let the court recede; whether it recedes or not, we
shall reoigamzo the court, and thus reform its political sen-
timents and practices, and bring them into harmony with
the Constitution and with the laws of nature."
Speaking of free States, he says:
" They have an easy and simple remedy, namely: to take
the Government out of unjust and unfaithful hands, and
commit it to those which will be just and faithful. They
are ready to do this now. They want only a little more har-
mony of purpose and a little more completeness of organi-
zation.55 *********
" Freedom is the common right, interest, and ultimate
destiny of all rrtankind. All other nations have already abol-
ished, or are about abolishing slavery. Does this fact mean
anythingV>
Again he says:
" Free labor his at last apprehended its rights, its inter-
ests, its power, and its destiny, and is organizing itself to
assume the government of the Republic. It will hence-
forth meet you boldly and resolutely here ; it will meet you
everywhere, in the Territory or out of them, wherever
you may go to extend slavery. It has dnven you back in
California and m Kansas ; it "will invade you soon in Dela-
ware, Maryland, Virginia, Mi->soun, and Texas. It will
meet you m Arizona, in Cential America, and even m
Cuba. The invasion will be not merely harmless, but ben-
eficient, if you yield seasonably to its just and moderated
demands. It proved so in New Yoik, New Jersey, Penn-
sylvania, and the other slave States, which have already
yielded m that way to its advances. You may, indeed, get
a start under or near the tropics, and seern safe for a time,
but it will be only ashoit time. Even there you will found
States only for free labor to maintain and occupy. The in-
terest of the white lacedemandstheuhimateemaneipatton
of all men. Whether that consummation shall be allowed
to take effect, with needful and wi«e precautions against
gudden change and disaster, or be hurried on by violence,
is all that remains for you to dccide. For the failure of
your system of slave labor throughout the Republic, the
