\mtA
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
of that day, it appears—I read from the journal,
as set forth on pages 48 and 49 of the report of
the committee—that the Speaker made the follow-
ing announcement from the chair:
" Gentlemen of ike House of Representatives:
" The constitution <jf the State of Indiana requires that
the Speaker shall open and publish the returns of the elec-
tion for Governor and Lieutenant Governor, in the presence
of both Houses of the General Assembly; and as -the official
term of the Governor and Lieutenant Governor elect com-
mcncc this day, I have communicated an invitation to the
Senate to meet the House in this hall, and, in obedience to
the constitution, I shall, so soon as the Senate appear, pio-
ceed to publish the mums for Governor and Lieutenant
Governor,
" Mr. Kerr offered the following preamble and resolution:
" Whereas, the Speaker of this House has announced his
intention to proceed forthwith in this hall to open and pub-
lish the election returns for Governor and Lieutenant Gov-
ernor, m pursuance of the requisitions of the constitution,
and has given the Senate notice thereof.
(i,Resoloed, That the Iiou«e will attend upon the appoint-
ment of the Speaker in the discharge of the duties devolved
upon them by the constitution, ana that seats be provided
foi the members of the Senate'on. thought of the Speaker's
seat.
" Resolved further, That the Senate he informed of the
same, and that the House is now ready to pioceed to said
business.
" Which was agreed to."
Upon the receipt of this summons from the
Speaker of the House, Lieutenant Governor Wil-
lard announced to the Senate that his term of of-
fice was^about to expire, and required the Sena-
tors to proceed with him to the hall of the House
of Representatives, in order to dischaige tlxe last
duty imposed on him, and one of the most im-
portant duties enjoined on them, by the constitu-
tion of the State. Twenty-six Senators followed
him; and a convention of the two Houses was
thereupon duly organized, the Lieutenant Gover-
nor, as President, in the chair. The Speaker of
the House proceeded, as appears by the journal,
to count the votes for Governor. The journal of
the House of Representatives says:
"Ttie Speaker of the House of Ucpie^entatives, then, in
the presence of both [lou ea ot the- Gonoial Aisembly, pro- >
ceeded to open the returns of the voles cast toi Governor '
and Lieutenant Governor of tlie State of Indiana, on the
l'lth day ot October, 185f>; and, on counting all the votes
returned, it appeared therefrom that, for the office of Gov-
ernor, Aslibel P. YVillard had received 117,961 votes ; Oli-
ver P. Morton had received 112,139 votes.
" A^hfool P. Willavd, having leceived a majority of all the
votes cast, was, by the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives, m the presence of both Houses of the General As-
sembly ot the State of Indiana, declared duly elected Gov-
ernoi of tin: Slate of Indiana, to serve a*.such fnr the teim
of tour veais, from and after the second Monday m Janu-
ary, A. D. 18.T7."
That announcement having been made, Gov-
ernor Wiliard resigned the chair of the joint con-
vention to one of the Senators, Mr. Tarkington,
and thereupon was sworn into office by one of
the judges of the supreme court, and delivered
his inaugural address. The Speaker of the House
proceeded further to count the votes for Lieuten-
ant Governor; and the journal says:
<c For the ofiiee of Lieutenant Governor it appeared, from
the returns aforesaid, that
Abram A. Hammond had received ! 116,717
Coniad Baker had received 111,6*20
u Abram A Hammond, having teceived a majority of all
the votes cast, was, by the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentative^. m the presence of both Houses of the General
Assembly, declared duly elected Lieutenant Governor of
the State of Indiana, for the term of four vear*, from and
after the second Monday of January, A. D. 18.>7.
" Abram A Hammond wa<? then sworn into office by the
Hon. Samuel E. Perkins, one of the judges of the supreme
couit."
The presiding officer of the joint convention,
Senator Tarkington, then adjourned the conven-
tion until the 2d day of February, 1857. Tn the
afternoon, Lieutenant Governor Hammond, who
"Was thus inducted into office, returned with the
twenty-six Senators into the Senate Chamber, and
took his seat as President of the body in the pres-
ence of all the members, and delivered his inaug-
ural address. He continued to preside, without
dispute as to his title, to the end of the session,
and is at present in office.
On the 2d of February, 1857, when the time
arrived for the adjourned session of the joint con-
vention,LieutenantGovernorHammond required \
the Senators to repair with him to the hall of the '
House of Representatives pursuant to the ad-
journment. On this occasion, twenty-four Sen-
ators accompanied him. The convention was
then, by the order of its presiding officer, again
adjourned until the 4th of February, 1857, at nine
o'clock in the morning. When that hour ar-
rived, Lieutenant Governor Hammond required
the Senate to repair to the House of Represent-
atives, in pursuance of the adjournment; But
twenty-four Senators attended on that occasion.
Being assembled, I read, from the journal of the
House:
" Wednesday Morning, 9 o'clock,
" February 4, 1857.
" The hour for the meeting of the joint convention of
the two Houses of the General Assembly having arrived, the
Senate, preceded by the Lieutenant-Governor, appeared
within the hall of the House, where seats were piovided for
them on the right of the Speaker's chair.
" Upon calling the convention to order, the President,
with the consent of the joint convention, appointed Solon
Turman, secretary thereof, who wasduly sworn in as such
by the Hon. Samuel Perkins, one of the judges of the su-
preme court, and entered upon the discharge of his duties.
"The chairman addressed the convention as follows :
"'Gentlemen: Pursuant to adjournment on Monday,
February 2, 1557, we are assembled in joint convention,
under a provision of the constitution of the State of Indiana,
and you will now proceed to choose a United States Sen-
ator by a viva voce vote, to serve as such until the 4th of
March, 1861.'"
They proceeded to vote; and it appears that
Graham N. Fitch received eighty-three" votes,
and George G. Dunn two votes. Mr. Fitch was
thereupon declared elected by the President of the
convention. They then proceeded to choose a
Senator for the term ending March 4, 1863; and
Jesse D. Bright received eighty-three votes, and
Richard W. Thompson two votes; whereupon
Mr. Bright was declared elected.
The question occurs, in these proceedings,
whether here was a sufficient legal election under
the Constitution of the United States, and under
the constitution of the State of Indiana. I will
remark, in this connection, that at the time of the
election there was no law in force in the State of
Indiana prescribing the time, place, and manner
of electing Senators of the United States, except
that the General Assembly should meet at the seat
of Government. There was a statute, approved
January 7, 1831, which was superseded by the
act of June 18, 1852, repealing all former acts not
therein excepted; but this repealing act did not
take effect until after the election of the last Sen-
ator from that State, Mr. Pettit, for this reason:
the constitution of Indiana has a provision that—
" No act shall take effect until the s-anie shall have been
published and caculated m tho seveial counties of this
State, by authouty, except in case of emergency; which
emergency "Shall be declared m the preamble, or in the body
of tho law."
This general revision of the statutes was not
circulated, as the supreme court of the State has
decided in a case arising under this section, until
a period subsequent to Mr. Pettit'a election, so
that this was the first casein which there was no
statute regulating the election of Senators in the
State of Indiana.
The question recurs, what is the constitutional
method of electing United States Senators, in the
abs&nce of any law or usage, for there was no law
at this time, nor had there ever been any usage
in the State on the subject of electing Senators,
separate from what the former statute imposed ?
It is not necessary that the Legislatures of the
States should provide by law the time, and place,
and manner, of electing Senators; but it is neces-
sary that Congress shall proceed by law, if it at-
tempts to interfere; and this distinction is quite
remarkable in the language of the Constitution of
the United States. The provision of the fourth
section of the first article is:
" Tlje times, places, and manner of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed in each
Slate by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at
any time, by law, make or alter such regulations, except
as to the place of choosing Senators."
And, accordingly, in the State which I have the
honor to represent, there never has been any law
on the subject from the time she was admitted
into the Union; and I assume, from a variety of
cases which have been decided by the Senate,
that it is competent for the Legislature, in the
absence of any constitutional provision in the i
State, or of any law, to fix the time, place, and '
manner of election by a joint resolution, or by
separate concurrent resolutions, or by a consent
given at the time. In fact, we can stand on no j
other basis. Let me invite the attention of Sen-.
ators to the case of California. Up to the time of '
the admission of California, in September, 1850, ;
there was not, legally, any Legislature in that'
State; there could be none. There might be a dc 1
facto Legislature, good as among the people liv-!
ing there; but it was not a State Legislature within |
the meaning of the Constitution of the United
States, for no such State was in the Union until
the passage of the act of admission; and yet, upon
a solemn discussion in the Senate, the two Sena-
tors elect from that State, chosen by a body which
was riot legally a State Legislature, were admit-
ted to their seats, and qualified. . So in the case
of Minnesota, and so in the case of most of the
new States.
This uniform course of action must have pro-
ceeded upon this proposition, that the persons
constituting the State Legislature being the body
qualified to elect Senators, the time, the place,
and the manner of such elections arc left wholly
to their own discretion in the absence of an act of
Congress; and, therefore. I conclude—and that
is t;he proposition which I shall endeavor to dem-
onstrate to the Senate—that an election of Sena-
tors of the United States can be made in any
reasonable method which a majority of the quali-
fied electors choose to adopt at the time on due
notice to all the rest. Observe, sir, that I specify,
first, that the method must be reasonable. Second,
that all the electors, if they choose, can attend and
vote, for this gives us the substance of the elec-
tion; and form is only material to guard against
fraud, and to insure the substance. If there be
no law, if there be no usage, if there'be no author-
ity to prescribe the form, it is impossible to say
that the act is irregular, for you can predicate
irregularity of nothing which is not prescribed
according to some form, and I say, that in all cases
of election, and, in fact, in ail transactions, we
lo\)k*to the substance, and the form is only useful
as ptablishmg the truth of the substance. There
is no principle known to the law, there is no prin-
ciple in any affair of life, on which a minority of
the electors can be favored for mere faction and
disorganization.
Now, I ask, who are the qualified electors of a
Senator in Congress? and that, in my judgment,
is the most important question concerned. Are
the qualified electors—the two Houses of the Le-
gislature, as two separate corporate bodies, or all
the members of the Legislature collectively? That
is the real question involved. It has been stated
several times, on former occasions, that, accord-
ing to the Constitution of the United States, the
original, the well-understood method of electing
Senators was by a separate vote of the Houses;
sftid that the practice which has lately been estab-
lished of bringing the members of the two Houses
together was a corruption, but one which had
been established so long that it could not be dis-
pensed with. Let us see.
The Constitution of the United States, article
first, section third, provides:
" The Senate of the United States shall be composed of
two Senator from each State, chosen by the Legislature
thereof, for six years, and each Senator shall have one
vote."
When the Constitution was ordained, Septem-
ber 17, 1787, the Legislature of every State, ex-
cept Pennsylvania and Georgia, consisted of two
branches; the more numerous called the Assem-
bly, the House of Deputies, the House of Dele-
gates, the House'of Commons, or the House of
Representatives, and the other called the Council,
the House of Assistants, or the Senate. In sev-
eral of the States, also, the Governor had a neg-
ative, more or less qualified, upon every act of
legislation requiring the assent of both branches.
A question must have arisen, therefore, immedi-
ately after the adoption of the Federal Constitu-
tion, as to the meaning of the term " Legislature"
in the section just quoted. Did it contemplate
the choice of Senators as an act of legislation ?
If so, manifestly, the Governor would be entitled,
in many States, to a negative on whatever choice
the Legislature might make; and yet, as Mr. Jus-
tice Story observes, it has been " silently and uni-
versally settled" otherwise. (Commentaries, vol.
2, page 184.)
The election of Senators, in truth, seems to
have been a mere continuation of the system by
which delegates were chosen under the Articles
of Confederation, adopted in Congress Novem-
ber 15, 1777, and signed, after ratification by the
State Legislatures, July 9, 1778. Mr. Justice
Story declares " tiie only difference" to be that
in one the vote was by States, and in the other
it is by individuals. (Commentaries, vol. 2, ch.
10.) The fifth of the Articles of Confederation
provided:
" For the more convenient management of the general
interests of the United States, delegates shall be annually
