1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8U
charged with the grossest selfishness. We have
not unfruquently been charged with having at-
tempted to curry measures that were calculated
to break the lastties which bind together the States
of this Union.
Sir, from my earliest days I have learned to
love this Union. I have learned that it was
my first duty as an Ameiican and as a citizen, if
need be, tolaydown my life for the Union which
was purchased at the cost of so much blood and
treasure, and I had hoped that the ties which
hound us together, and which taught us the
great doctrine of brotherly love and fraternity,
would not so soon have been forgotten by Ameri-
cans. Now, it is part of my purpose this morn-
ing to introduce some few reasons here to sat-
isfy those gentlemen that they ought to take
back these unjust charges. Well, sir, what are
they? In the first place, sir, the great doctrino
which lies at the foundation of our Republic, 1 un-
derstand to be this, that we are all of us as Ameri-
cans, in all our acts and in everything that we do,
to consult the greatest goo'd of the greatest possi-
ble number. That is Democratic doctrine. Yes,
sir,it is Democratic doctrine as ourfathers taught
it. It is the doctrine for which our fathers fought,
and it is the doctrine by which I kopg the Re-
public of America will ever stand.
Now, sir,letuslookinto this subject. We have
at the North a population of something over thir-
teen million, most of them white men; you have at
the South, gentlemen, but a little over six million
white men. I do not take slaves into account,
because they have been denominated property.
Youbave,in thefifteen slave States, eight hundred
and thirty-eight thousand square miles of land;
we have, in fifteen States, four hundred and forty-
seven thousand nine hundred and ninety square
miles of land. We have got more than double j
your population, but we have got only less than j
half the amount of land that you have. I tell gen- j
tlemen that this is not a sectional question. It is !
simply a question whether we shall have homes j
for our children; and I propose to address myself .
to that view of it. You have in the South, or had [
in 1850, a population of six million four hundred ;
and twelve thousand six hundred andfive; we have i
in the North, or had in 1850, a population of thir- J
teen million threehundredand forty-two thousand !
and eighty-nine. I say nothing about the slaves. '
You,.gentlemen, have your negroes, who till and I
cultivate your soil; but we hare our cattle on a !
thousand hills, and an industrious yeomanry who 1
cultivate our soil. I propose now to ask who paid
for the land we have, and how we came by it,
and what would be a fair, honest, and equitable
division of it? Why, sir, I recollect that that little
strip of land upon your southern coast, Florida,
was bought at an expense of something over three ;
million dollars, if not over five million. You
recollect, also, sir, that we purchased Louisiana !
at a cost of $15,000,000, besides what we have 1
paid for the extinction of Indian titles. The gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr.Shorter,] who spoke i
the other day, and who is one of those who made i
this charge of sectionalism and injustice, lives in !
a State upon which we have expended untold mil- I
lions—yes, sir, and northern blood, too—in her j
Indian,wars. I hope the gentleman will be mag- I
nanimous enough, when he looks into the facts, [
to take back the charge of sectionalism and bad !
faith. We profess to be friends of the Union, '
and friends of every human being in the Union,
black as well as white; and we do not like to be
charged with bad faith and illiberality.
But again, we got into a war about Texas. Do
gentlemen know how we got into that difficulty ?
We admitted Texas into the Union, and took
upon ourselves the war with Mexico, and in car-
rying on that war we expended nearly two hun-
dred million dollars, to say nothing of the precious
blood which men of the North and men of the
South shed upon the battle-fields of Mexico. AH
the wars in which this country has been en-
gaged for the last twenty-five years have been
mainly with the Indians on our southern border,
though, to be sure, the Black Hawk war was not
a southern war. If gentlemen will take the pains
to examine into the subject, they will find that
since the purchase of Florida we have expended
on the purchase of lands from foreign Govern-
ments, from Indians by treaty, and m various
other modes of expense, over eight hundred mil-
lion dollars—a sum which would purchase some
j of the States of this Union, with all the property
! within them, real and personal. Now, sir, I pro-
| pose, in a spirit of all kindness, to ask gentlemen
: who make this charge of sectionalism against us,
j to tell us where this money—this eight hundred
millions—came from? Where did the money come
from I have facts and figures here to satisfy any
gentleman where it came from. Look to the im-
portingand tax-payingStatesofthisConfederacy.
j In the State of New York we have a population
| of over three million, nearly half as much as the
j population of the whole southern States.
| Now, sir, I have not time to-day to present the
careful calculations by which I arrive at the fact ]
that the northern fifteen States of this Confederacy |
j have paid three fourths of the entire amount ex- i
J pended for the purchase of these lands. Six hull- !
, dred million dollars have been paid in the form of j
: indirect taxes for that purpose. I make this now !
; simply as a general statement; and I tell gentle- i
| menthatif they doubt the correctness of the state-
; ment, I will, at a future time, present the facts
and estimates in careful detail.
Well, sir, I now come herewith the complaint
that the northern States have not quite half the
territory you of the southern States have; and 1
say further that our land is not as good as yours.
I know it, for I have been upon your southern soil;
I have been over most of the States of this Union,
and gathered the means of forming a correct opin-
ion, and believe that, with the exception of the
mountain ranges of the South, you have much
better land than we possess.
And now I see over the way a gentleman who
made some remarks the other day, to which my
attention is called by seeing him m his seat. I
do not propose, however, to talk about Kansas,
except as it is connected with the point to which
I have just adverted. We do not claim Kansas
solely upon the ground that we are entitled to it
as a matter of equity, and upon the ground that
we paid for it, but we want it also upon the ground
that we do not like your kind of civilization. The
gentleman [Mr. Lamar] said the other day:
" Eft could do so con-MenUy with the honor ot'my coun-
try, £ would plant Anieiiean liberty, with southern institu-
tions, upon every in ell of American soil. T believe that tliey
give fo us the highest type of civilization known to modem
times."
Well, sir, the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Gartrei-i.,] a few days afterwards addressed
the committee, and not satisfied with resting the
question upon us mere ground of civilization, went
into the consideration of patriarchal usage. He
said that the time had gone by for making apolo-
gies for slavery; that the time had come for de-
fending it upon high grounds. I listened to his
remarks with pleasure, and I have ever since felt
to appreciate the ability, the skill, and the genius
with which he managed the subject. I was pleased
with his speech for its flank and manly tone; he
went back to earlier times to find arguments and
a foundation for the peculiar institution which ex-
ists in the South—he might have found examples,
also, of another institution, which exists in Utah
Territory. But we live in an age when we have
in some portion of the country been led to culti-
vate a different degree of civilization. I do not pro-
pose, in running a parallel between northern and
southern civilization, to offend the most sensitive
feelings of any man. I introduce it simply for the
purpose of illustration, and in order that gentle-
men looking over the subject candidly may see
whether our views deserve their consideration;
whether we are right or wrong. Not intending to
I go over the whole field, I find myself with a mass
1 of figures, which I shall not be able to present
to-day. I shall bring only a few of them to the
notice of the House. When the gentleman from
' Georgia [Mr. Gartrell] addressed the House
I about the patriarchal institution, and the gentle-
i mail from Mississippi [Mr. Lamar] in reference
' to those existing at the South, as presenting the
I highest form of civilization known to modern
terms, I felt called upon, as a student of civiliza-
' tion, to look into the facts and asceitain the basis
, upon which they rest that high claim.
j I took the census report of 1850, and I beg the i
j attention of the gentleman while I introduce afew i
I facts, and ask gentlemen themselves to draw'the
1 contrast.
I desire to call the attention of the House first
• to public schools. The district represented by the
1 gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Gartreil] has one
hundred and eighty-eight public schools, one hun-
dred and eighty-nine teachers,and five thousand
five hundred pupils. In the counties which com-
pose ray district we have three hundred and six
public schools, three hundred and seventy-five
teachers, and nineteen thousand seven hundred
and seventy eight pupils. This,in my poor judg-
ment, is some evidence of the comparative civili-
zation of our respective districts.
Now let us tuj-n our attention to the district of
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Lamar.]
In that district there are one hundred and forty-
four public schools, one hundred and forty-seven
teachers, and two thousand nine hundred and
sixty-six pupils. I have already told you how
many of each my district contained—I refer, of
course, to the public schools as classified in the
census report.
I next turned my attention to another item—
school libraries, not libraries in academies and
colleges, but school libraries, acccssible to all the
people. In my district there are two hundred and
eighty-five school libraries, containing thirty-six
thousand three hundred and twenty volumes. In
the district of the gentleman from Georgia there
is one school library, only containing five hun-
dred volumes. In* the Mississippi district re-
ferred to, not one library of this class.
Again: I, in the next place, looked a little to the
vaj.ue of church property in the respective dis-
tricts. The total value of church property in the
district of the gentleman from Mississippi, is
§118,285; in that of the gentleman from Georgia,
$127,520; and in my own district, $276,850. In
one county of Mississippi, constituting a part of
the gentleman's district, I found but one single
church, which church was worth one hundred
dollars. This county, Tunica, has a population
of thiee hundred and ninety-six whites, and nine
hundred and seventeen slaves
Running this parallel a little further, I propose
to call the attention of gentlemen to some other
facts.
Mr QUITMAN. Will the gentleman from New
York state whatdistrict in Mississippi he refers to?
Mr. BURROUGHS. I do not know the number
of the district. It is that represented by the learned
and eloquent gentleman on my left, [Mr. Lamar,]
who addressed the committee a few days ago
Mr. QUITMAN. If the gentleman from New
York will permit me, I will state, for the correc-
tion of the statistics, that in our section of the
country wc act individually; and I will venture to
say, that if the gentleman and myself occupy seats-
on this floor at the next session of Congress, I
can show him then that there are more books in
the libraries of private individuals, in my district,
than there are m those of private individuals in
his district.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I cannotextendany more
of my time to the gentleman, though no one re-
spects him more than I do. I wish, sir, that the
gentleman could point me to libraries for the use
of the people.
I have already given the number of the white
population of the fifteen southern States. The
slave population is three million two hundred
thousand. The number of public schools in the
fifteen southern States I find to be nineteen thou-
sand four hundred and eighty-eight. In my own
State alone the number is ten thousand eight hun-
dred and two. The number of persons—native
white population—in the fifteen slave States who
cannot read and write is five hundred and sixty-
eight thousand two hundred and forty-eight. The
number of native population in the fifteen free
States who cannot read and write is two hundred
and seventy-eight thousand three hundred and
seventy-five.
Now, passing these figures, I desire to call the
attention of the committee for a.moment to some
other facts; and in passing, I wish to make a ref-
erence to the State of Texas. I hold in my hand
a paper characterized certainly by very great sim-
plicity of language, and no doubt entitled to re-
ceive the consideration of every member of the
House. Here is a State which came into the
Union in 1844.
Mr. REAGAN. In 1846.
Mr. BURROUGHS. In 1846. I had 1844 in
my mind, because I recollect very welt that I la-
bored on the stump for " Polk and Texas" that
year. I expected, when Texas came into this
Union, that she wouid have had the kindness to
