1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBIT.
appointed, in such manner as the Legislature of each State
shall direct, to meet in Congress on the first. Monday in No-
vember in every year, with a power reserved to each State
to recall its delegates, or any of them, at any time within
the year, and to send others in their stead for the remainder
of the year."
All of the States, except Connecticut and Rhode
Island, had formed constitutions for themselves
previous to the adoption of the Constitution of the
United States, and most of them had therein pro-
vided for the manner of choosing delegates to Con-
The Legislature of Pennsylvania originally con-
sisted of a single House; and therefore, the first
constitution,adopted on the 28th September, 1776,
provided that delegates to Congress should be
"chosen by ballot by the General Assembly, an-
nually, at their first meeting, &c." Pennsylvania
adopted another constitution September 2, 1790,
after the adoption of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
The Legislature of Georgia also consisted of
one House until May 30,1798. The first consti-
tution of that State was adopted April 20, 1776;
and afterwards, more formally, Februarys, 1777.
It provided that delegates to Congress should be
" annually appointed by the House of Assembly
by ballot," and " deemed a part of that House,
and have the right to sit, debate, and vote there."
In all the other States, as I have said, the Le-
gislature consisted of two branches.
The first constitution of New Hampshire,
adopted January 5,1776, provided that all public
officers should be chosen " by the two Houses,"
without any further specification. That was su-
perseded by the constitution of February, 1792,
which declares that " the Secretary, treasurer,
and commissary general, shall be chosen by joint
ballot of the Senators and Representatives as-
sembled in one room."
The first constitution of South Carolina was
adopted March 26, 1776, and the second March
19, 1778. The latter provided that delegates
should be " annually chosen by joint ballot of the
Senate and House of Representatives," &c. It
was superseded by another constitution, June 3,
1790.
The first constitution of Virginia was adopted
June 29, 1776, and remained in force until 1830.
"The delegates for Virginia to the Continental
Congress, ""it declares, "shall be chosen annually,
or superseded in the mean time, by joint ballot of
both Houses of Assembly."
The first constitution of New Jersey was adopt-
ed July 2, 1776, and remained in force until 1820.
It provides for the choice of a Governor by " the
Council and Assembly, jointly, at their first meet-
ing aftereach annual election,"and " byamajor-
ity of votes," &c.
The first constitution of Maryland was adopted
August 14, 1776, and its twenty-seventh section
provides, "that the delegates to Congress from
this State shall be chosen annually, or Superseded
in the mean time by thejoint ballot of both Houses
of Assembly," &c.
The first constitution of Delaware was adopted
September20,1776, and superseded June 12,1792.
It provided that delegates to Congress should be
chosen " by joint ballot of both Houses of the
Legislature," &c.
The first constitution of North Carolina was
adopted December 18,1776, and remained in force
until 1835. Its thirty-seventh article provided:
" That the delegates for this State to the Conti-
nental Congress, while necessary, shall be chosen
annually by the General Assembly, by ballot,
but may be superseded, in the mean time, in the
same manner," &c.
The same constitution, articles thirteen, fifteen,
and sixteen, specifies in what manner the General
Assembly must ballot for officers:
"Art. 13. That the General Assembly shall, by joint bal-
lot of both Houses, appoint judges of the supreme courts
of law and equity, judges ol admiralty, and attorney gen-
eral " &c.
"Art. 15. That the Senate and House of Commons,
jointly, at their first meeting, after each annual election,
shall, by ballot, elect a Governor for one year," &c.
"Art. 16. That the Senate and House of Commons,
jointly, at their first meeting after each annual election,
shall, h'y ballot, elect seven persons to be a Council of btate
for one year," &c.
The first constitution of New York was adopt-
ed April 20, 1777, and remained in force until
1822. Its thirtieth article provided:
"That delegates to represent this State in the general
Congress of the United States of America, be annually ap-
pointed as follows, to wit: The Senate and Assembly shall
each openly nominate as many persons as shall be equal to
the whole number of delegates to be appointed; after winch
nomination they shall meet together, and those persons
named in both lists shall be delegates; and out of those per-
sons whose names are not in both lists, one half shall be
chosen by the joint ballot of the Senators and members of
Assembly so met together as aforesaid."
The first constitution of Massachusetts was
adopted March 2, 1780, and remained in force un-
til 1821. Its fourth chapter provided:
" The delegates of this Commonwealth to the Congress
of the United States shall, some time in the month of June,
annually, be elected byjoint ballot of the Senate and House
of Representatives, assembled together in one room, to
serve in Congress for one year, to commence on the first
Monday in November next ensuing. They shall have com-
missions under the hand of the Governor and the great seal
of the Commonwealth; but may be recalled*at any time
Vmh the year, and others chosen and commissioned in the
same manner in their stead."
Connecticut remained und«r the charter of
Charles II., April, 1662, until 1818; and Rhode
Island, under a charter from the same monarch,
April, 1663, until, I think, 1845. It is evident,
from this recital, that the established, uniform,
notorious method of election, by " the Legisla-
ture" of a State, at the time when the Constitu-
tion of the United States took effect, was by a
joint meeting of the members of the two Houses,
(wherever there were two,) and a majority vote
of the number of electors so convened. The
States merely pursued, in the election of Senators,
after the Constitution of the United States, an
ancient form, theretofore well understood, for the
choice of delegates to Congress; and that form still
prevails in more than three fourths of the States.
Certainly, therefore, it was not intended that
the " Legislature" of a State should act legisla-
tively under the first article, section third, of the
Constitution of the United States; forasmuch as
no choice of Senators has ever been made by bill,
or joint resolution, read three times, and then sub-
mitted to the Governor for his approval. The
" Legislature" is specified, in that section, as a
word of multitude, nomen collectivism, to signify
the members of both branches. When those
members have, to use the language of the consti-
tution of Massachusetts, " assembled together in
one room," they are not as two corporations
which act by the will of a majority in each. They
emerge into a college of electors, and act by the
will of a majority of the whole number.
I do not say that no other method of electing
Senators than by joint ballot, and the majority
of a quorum of all the members of the Legisla-
ture duly convened, is admissible under the Con-
stitution of the United States; but onlythatsuch
is the ancient method, coeval with the adoption
of the Constitution and of universal acceptation
at that time. Accordingly, when the people of
Indiana, by their delegates, assembled at Cory-
don, June 29, 1816, to form the first constitution
of the State, they adopted it as the method for
electing State officers. The fourth article of that
constitution provides:
" Sec. 21. A Secretary of State shall be choscn by the
joint ballot of both Houses of the General Assembiy, &c.
" Sec. 24. There shall be elected, byjoint ballot of both
Houses of the General Assembly, a Treasurer and Auditor,"
&c. *
And at the first session of the first Legislature
of Indiana, January 3, 1817, an act was passed
to provide for the election of Senators in Congress
by a joint ballot of the members of the two Houses
assembled in convention. That was reenacted
January 7, 1831, in a general revision of the stat-
utes, but was superseded under the act of Janu-
ary 18, 1852, as already mentioned.
I ought to say, furthermore, that in the con-
vention which formed the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, at Philadelphia, the first plan for the
election of Senators was by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and the second byacoilege of electors,
in each State, chosen by the-people in districts.
Finally, the Legislature of each State, was made
the college of electors; not with any view of in-
troducing another principle, but of interesting the
members of the several Legislatures in the organi-
zation of Congress, and thus uniting more thor-
oughly the Federal and the State Governments.
This will appear from the Federalist, No. 62, as
well as from the reported debates of the conven-
tion.
At the previous session of the Legislature of
Indiana, in January, 1855, theSenate of that State
attempted, by resolution, to change the- method'
of election from a joint ballot to separate votes,
but that proposition was rejected by the House
of Representatives.
Now, sir, having established, as I'think, the
proposition that the qualified "electors of a Sena-
tor of the United States are the members of the
Legislature as an electoral college assembled to-
gether for the purpose; that that was the universal
practice of the States, so far as I can find, without
one exception, I say that the other methods are
all departures from the original design, and that,
in the contemplation of the Constitution of the
United States, all the members of the Legislature,
without reference to their membership in this
House or that House, are the qualified electors
for a Senator of the United States. Therefore,
the true test of all this transaction is, whether the
first jointconventio'n, which assembled at Indian-
apolis, on the 12th of January, 1857, could elect
a Senator? If it could, in my judgment there is
an end of the question; for the adjournments are
immaterial. They are immaterial because, even
if they were done by the presiding officer as his
own individual act, no objection was made to
them at the time. Like questions that are put
here, when no Senator votes on either side the
Sresumption is that silence means the affirmative,
fo objection was made to the adjournments at the
time, and if they were irregular, the time to make
the objection was then. Once passed over, it ean
no longer be brought up in judgment. But, sir,
I need not stand even there. It is a settled ori-
ginal right of a body corporate or an electoral
body, in the absence of a prohibition, to adjourn
from day to day until it can complete its business.
I find that that was decided in the State of Ver-
mont, contrary to the opinion of my friend, the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] when
he presided in that State as a judge. I refer to
the case of Warner vs. Mower, (11 Vermont Re-
ports, 391,) where the court say:
" it is too well settled to requne comment, that all cor-
porations, whether municipal or private, may tian«act any
business at an adjourned meeting which they could have
done at the original meeting. It is but a continuation of
the same meeting. Whether the meeting is continued with-
out interruption for many days, or by adjournment from day
to day, or from time to time, many days intervening, it is
evident it must be considered the same meeting, without
any lo^s or accumulation of powers."
I have two or three decisions from the State of
New York to the same effect. In the matter of
the Mohawk and Hudson Railroad Company,
(19 Wendell, 147,) a controversy arose as to an
election of directors. The resolution of the board
of directors under which the election was held,
fixed the hours of election; and yet, the trustees
or inspectors, or judges—whatever they were
called—went on to receive votes after the hour
when it was declared by resolution the election
should be held. What did the court say?
u The trustees acted properly in taking the requisite time,
notwithstanding they were called on to close the poll at one
o'clock. I much doubt whether the time could, in virtue
of a by-law, be tied tip to a certain hour of the day; but, in
this case of actual necessity, the business might have been
extended even to the next day. Every principle of con-
struction is in favoi of full time, otherwise business may be
badly done by being huriied 01 embarrassed, and defeated
by the raising of dilatory objections, and protiaeted exam-
ination and discussion."
The same principle was decided in the matter
of the Chenango Mutual Insurance Company, in
the same book. (19 Wendell, pages 636 and 637.)
I say, then, the question of the adjournment of
the convention is wholly immaterial. If they had
the power to elect the first day, they had the
power to adjourn to another day; and I recur,
therefore, to the question, had this convention,
assembled at Indianapolis, on the 12th of January,
1857, the power to elect a United States Senator;
and, first, was it a convention of the two Houses?
The act of Indiana, of June 9, 1852, after de-
fining the oath to be taken by all the officers of
the State of Indiana, provides:
"Sec. 3. Members of the General Assembly shall take
such oaths, before taking their seats, which shall be en-
tered on the journals; and the Governor and Lieutenant
Governor shall each take such oath in presence of both
Houses of the Geneial Assembly, in convention, and the
same shall be entered on the journals thereof."
The fifth section of the fifth article of the con-
stitution of Indiana provides that if two of the
candidates for Governor or Lieutenant Governor
have an equal and the highest number of votes,
