1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
M¥
responsibility will rest, not on"the agitators you condemn,
or on the political parties you arraign, or even altogether on
yourselves, but it will be due to the inherent error of the
system itself, and to the error which tlnusts it forward to
oppose and rcsut the destiny, not more of the African than
that of the white race."
I take it that this is the doctrine of the great party
which is, I fear, to rule this country. The union
of the South, for the protection of the South, is
what will be required to stay, the progress of these
doctrines; and that I may not throw a straw in the
way of that union, I shall acquiesce in the action
of the South; at the same time, however, not with-
drawing my objections to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South j
Carolina demands the previous question.
Mr. SHORTER. Will the gentleman yield
me the floor ? 1 will renew the demand.
Mr. BONIIAM. With that understanding, I
will.
Mr. SHORTER. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise
for the purpose of discussing the merits of the
bill  
Mr. BONHAM. I have been appealed to to
yield the floor to the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Shorter] on account of the peculiar posi-
tion which he occupies, coming as he does from
a State which has spoken upon this question; and
those appeals have been so earnest that I feel con-
strained to yield to him for a few moments. But jj
I take occasion to say that when he has concluded '
I shall insist on the previous question. I have de- I
sired to make some remarks upon this question i
myself, but I have waived the privilege. j
Mr. SHORTER. Mr. Speaker, I do not desire 1
to discuss this question at length; but I feel that
justice to. myself requires that I should be allowed
a few moments to explain to my constituents and j
to the country at large the reasons that have op- ;
eratod upon my mind, in adopting the course that :
I have seen proper to pursue during the last week, j
and also in vindication of the vote that I intend 1
to give when this question is brought to a final
issue. It is well known to those who are around ;l
me that in company with four other southern gen- j j
tlemen I have, for some days past, voted with the |
opposite side of the House against the enfoice- 1'
nicnt of the previous qucstio'n. h
Sir, what were the motives that prompted me
in taking the position which I occupied, and what
the motives that influenced gentlemen upon the
opposite side of the House in their course in this
matter? While in ordinary cases we cannot un-
dertake to judge of men's motives, yet the discus-
sion which has ensued in consequence of the post-
ponement of (his vote, has tended clearly to define
the position occupied by the Republican party,
and their allies upon the opposite side of the House.
My objection to the bill was, sir, that the language
employed in icferring the question as to the grant
of lands—the ordinance, as it is called—is either
by accident or by design, left so ambiguous, I was
fearful that, after the law was passed, it might be
construed one way at the North, and another way 11
at the South. Sir, I am tired of that system of ,j
legislation. I remember the discussion that sprung 'j
up in the South growing out of the passage of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, owing to its peculiar
phraseology, one pottion of the people contending
that it embodied squatter sovereignty, and the other
party denying it. One wing of the party, with >
which I was acting, contended at the South that it
meant one thing, and the other wing, at the North, '
that it meant another. If it was the purpose of the
committee of conference to leave this question be- •
yond doubt; and, if it was their intention, as they ,
assert here upon this floor and in the Senate Cham- '
ber, not t) refer the constitution back to the people of :
Kansas for their ratification or rejection, it occurs ,
to me that it would have been a very easy thing j
to have made it plain and unmistakable. But, sir, 1
if there was any doubt as to the true construction '
of this bill, the discussion which we have had here ;
has in part accomplished my purpose in voting j
against the previous question. I wished the rec- |
ords of Congress to show, whether the bill "was i
passed or defeated, that the party with whom I [
cooperate construed it all in one way. I was un-
willing that a portion of the northern men who j;
act with me should go home and contend that this j:
bill meant a direct submission of the constitution i|
to the people; while I, cit the South, would con-
tend that it meant no submission of the constitu-
tion.
Well, sir, the Republican party now deny that
it submits the constitution; they claim that it at-
tempts to force the Lecompton constitution upon
Kansas, by telling the people that they may come
into the Union as a slave State, but that if they are
unwilling to do that, they shall remain out of the
Union as a slave Territory. Those are the prom-
inent objections that the Republican party urge
to the bill. Now, I do not object to that feature
of it at all. AVhatever there is in the bill that I
approve, the Republican party condemn; what-
ever there is in the bill that I condemn, the Re-
publican party approve. Thus it is that, in voting
againstenforcing the previous question during the
the last week, extremes seem to have met; but our
motives have been different—very different.
Well, sir, my object in resisting the enforce-
ment of the previous question was that we might
have discussion, in order that we might see how
the Democratic party of the country, North and
South, construed this bill—how its framers con-
strued it; and, sir, I And now that the general
construction of the bill is, that it does not refer*
and is not intended to refer, the constitution back,
but the ordinance only, to a vote of the people of
Kansas. If it did—if I believed that itdid, though
I stood solitary and alone upon this side of the
House, f would continue to vote with the Black
Republicans against the bill. But the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] on the part of the
House committee, declares emphatically here in
his placc, that it was not his intention, in agree-
ing to the report, to refer the constitution back to
the people. He says that the bill does not refer it
back, but that it recognizes the validity of the Le-
compton constitution. This position was not con-
troverted by either of his associate conferees  
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
Alabama yield to me ?
Mr. SHOIITER. No, sir.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would like to know
whether my colleague, [Mr. Cox,] who spoke
yesterday, did not understand that the constitu-
tion was to be submitted ?
Mr. BONHAM. I must ask the gentleman
from Alabama to confine himself to the under-
standing he made with me. If he continues to
urge the views which he is now urging, he will
constrain me to present my views upon this ques-
tion.
Mr. SHORTER. I thank the gentleman for
calling me back to the recollection of my promise.
Mr. Speaker, every State-rights Senator fiom the
South favors this bill. Every State-rights Rep-
resentative in this House from the same section,
with the exception of only two, intend to vote for
it; and, whatever doubt may exist upon my mind
as to its propriety, I intend to sacrifice to this
perftct unanimity among the Representatives of my
section.
I have thus stated the reasons which operated
on my mind in changing the position which I have
been holding for the lost few days. I shall to-
day cooperate with the friends of the measure in
enforcing the previous question, and shall vote
for the bill. I now move the previous question.
Mr. C 1\! PBELL. I would ask the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Boniiam] to allow me
to say a few vvoids. He has yielded to gentle-
men upon his own side of the House.
Mr. BONHAM. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Air. Shorter] demanded the previous
question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As the gentleman from
Ohio desires only a few moments, I hope that by
general consent they will be conceded to him.
Mr. BON HAM. As I have yielded the floor
to gentlemen upon this side of the House, I think
it only fair that it should be yielded to the gen-
tleman from Ohio for the same purpose, to make
a few remaiks and not to make a speech. I have
some views myself that I have wished to present
to the country, but I have waived the privilege.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand my colleague
[Mr. Shorter] to have demanded the previous
question, and the gentleman from South Carolina
has, therefore, no power to withdraw it. I object
to any further yielding of the floor to anybody.
I want to make a speech myself, if I can get a
chance.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I asked the gentleman from
South Carolina to yield the floor. I am not de-
pendent upon the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] for the courtesy.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware that the gentle-
man is not asking me, But I liSve"1tW "rigHt to ob-
ject to any such arrangement,'ani} I insist upon
my objection.
Mr.'SHORTER. I cannot witMraw.my ,de-;
mand for the previous question.
Mr GOODWIN. I mov.e a call of the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I think the only dif-.
ficulty on this side of the House is, that the same
privilege of debate has not been extended to this
side of the House that was extended to gentlemen'
on the other side.
Mr. ENGLISH^ I appeal to the gentleman
frsm Alabama to withdraw the demand for the
previous question for five minutes, for the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. HARLAN. We want more than that.
Mr. MORGAN. Five minutes will not an-
swer.
Mr. SHORTER. "Will the gentleman from
Ohio renew the demand for the previous question ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will accept the floor upon
the same terms as the two gentlemen who last
occupied the floor, and upon no other terms.
Mr. COBB. What are the terms?
Mr. SHORTER. I took the floor upon the
condition that I should renew the demand for the
previous question. If the gentleman from Ohio
will renew the demand for the previous question,
I will yield the floor to him.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I accept the floor upon the
same conditions. I want terms of equality, and
nothing else.
Mr. SHORTER. Then I withdraw the pre-
vious question.
Mr. GOODWIN. And I withdraw the motion
for the call of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I have no
disposition whatever to prolong this unfortunate
controversy. I have not spoken upon the subject
of Kansas affairs during the present Congress,
for reasons which I do not think it necessary or
proper now to give.
In 1854, when it was proposed that a time-hon-
ored compromise upon the subject of slavery, of
thirty-three years' standing, should be repealed,
I resisted it; and, in the course of the debate upon
that measure, I recollect well saying to the hon-
orable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
who was one of the leaders in that controversy,
that I believed the measure was full of evil to our
common country, with the promise of no good to
any party or section of it. The friends of the
measure declared that it was their purpose to re-
move an odious restriction, in order that the prin-
ciples of the great compromise of 1850 might be
carried out and spread over that Territory, by
which the people, when they came to form a State
constitution, might regulate their own domestic
affairs in their own way.
Subsequently, the Supreme Court of the United
i States, the highest judicial tribunal in the land,
I and beyond whose decree there is no other remedy
| but revolution, asserted that that restrictive clause
i of 1820 was unconstitutional.
I therefore did not enter this Congress with
any hope or any purpose of proposing the reen-
actment of that clause; but finding that the peo-
ple of Kansas had been refused the right of form-
ing their Slate constitution in their own way, I
readily united with thedistinguished Senatorfrom
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] and his compeers of the
Democratic party in this House, m asserting their
right to vote upon their constitution prior to their
admission into the Union.
A scene whs presented by my honorable col-
league from the metropolitan district of my State
[Mr. Cox] the morning when we first entered this
new Hall. He then took the banner of popular
sovereignty, and nobly defended that principle up
to a very recent period. His debut in this Hall
commanded the admiration of his former politica.
enemies as well as many of his political friends.
On yesterday morning, in full view of the glori-
ous triumph of those principles, he beat a retreat.
Mr. COX. The gentleman will allow me to
say a word ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will.
Mr. COX. I wish to say here, and in refer-
ence to the remarks which were made by my ven-
erable colleague [Mr. Giddings] yesterday—amid
theexeitmgscene which then took place, in which
he had my fullest sympathy, I wish to say—tor
