816
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
February 23.
bear with our section of the Union a little. Twelve
years ago, when Texas was young, and needed
our help, we bought her lands and fought her bat-
tles; but now she has grown to be a Hercules, and
says that, unless we admit slavery into Kansas
under the Lecompton constitution, she will not
lire with us any longer. That would be a nice
job" for her, to get us to expend 1200,000,000 on
her account, and then to back out 
Mr. REAGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me ?
Mr. BURROUGHS. I would be glad to oblige
the gentleman, but I cannot yield. I have no time to
spare. Texas, I was going on to say, has passed
resolutions; I will not say they are defiant, 1 will
not say they are threatening, I will not say that
Texas will not come down on us with an ava-
lanche of some sort, if we do not admit Kansas
into the Union under the Lecompton constitution.
Texas will do—I know not what. Certainly, she
has adopted resolutions, and is going to be rep-
resented in the southern convention, (if held.)
What that southern convention is to do, I do not
know.
1 did not intend, Mr. Chairman, to have made
a long speech to-day. I intended to present some
few facts on which to base the justice of our cause.
I intended to present these few facts, and to claim
for them magnanimous consideration. We hare
got twice the amount of population that you have,
and have got but half the quantity of land. This
land was bought by the common treasure, North
and South; and it should be fairly divided. I
might rather say that the earth belongs to the peo-
ple on it; and that no one section has a right to
monopolize and keep it to the exclusion of every
other class. You have in the single State of Texas
territory equal to six; times that of the State of
New York. On that territory you can support
no less than fifteen million human beings. You
have got there territory large enough for four
States, on which there are comparatively no white
settlements; and yet you now stand in your place
in the halls of your Legislature and say that you
cannot live in the Union with the North unless
we consent to let Kansas come in as a slave
State.
1 cannot make any comment on this. It does
not tally with my notions of justice and proprie-
ty, and I believe that when you come back to the
sober second thought you will agree with us in
our opinion, and you will say that we are entitled
to these lands.
Proceedings of the Democratic State Convention.
Austin, Tkx.vs, Januuuj 8,1858.
{< On motion ofColonel L. T. WigfdU, the following plat-
form was adopted :
" ilc'so/rci/jThat the Democratic party of the State of Tex-
as hearuly concur In, and unanimously reaffirm, the pnnei-
ples of the Demociatic paity ot the Union and the Consti-
tution, as embodied ui the platfotm of the national Demo-
cratic convention, held in Cincinnati, in Jnno, 1856, an/I
the State convention of Texas, at Waco, on the 4th of May,
1837, as a tiuo expression of their political taith and opin-
ion, believing them to embiaue the only doctimcs winch
can preset vc the uitG&uty of the Union and the equal rights
of the State.
44 Resolved, That recent events in the United States Sen-
ate create m out uunds a serious apprehension that the gioat
doctrine of non intervention, as sot forth in that platform,
is in danger of being repudiated by Congress through the in-
strumentality of members of the national Democratic patty,
distinguished alike for their political influence over the pub-
lic sentiment of the North, and their past declarations m fa-
vor of said doctrine; and that we now consider it oui duty
to set fortii to the countiy the course that we shall be com-
pelled to take m thatspnous and deplorable emeigency.
" Resolved, That we request the representatives of the
people of Texas, in -Legislature assembled, to provide, at the
piCbent session, for the Executive of the State appointing
suitable delegates to a convention of the southern States,
which may be hereafter assembled lor the purpose of con-
sultation and advice for the general welfaie of the institu-
tions of the South.
u Mr. Brown offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the chanman appoint one member fiom
each judicial district as members of the State Democratic
committee.
" Pending which the convention, on motion of Mr. But-
ton, adjourned to Monday, three o'clock, p. nr."
"Monday, three o'clock, p. m.
" Convention met—roll called—quoium present.
The Chair announced that the question before the con-
vention was the motion of Mi. Biown appointing the State
Democratic committee.
u Mr. Ramey moved to amend by adding, 1 the chairman
of which shall reside in the city of Austin.' Adopted.
"Mr moved that each judicial district meet and
designate the name of the partv they wi.-h to act foi their
respective districts ; which motion, it was moved, should
lis on thft table ; but the president, informing the conven-
tion that ha wished that course pursued, it was adopted.
"General T. J. Chambers offered the following resolu-
tions :
11 Be it resolved by the Democratic Convention of Texas,
now asxemhled in the Capitol of the State, That whereas, the
integral parts of the Federal Government of the United
States of Amenea, are free, independent, and sovereign
States, which, for special purposes, have delegated to that
•Government a portion of their sovereignty, reserving' to
themselves, or to the people, all rights and powers not spe-
cially delegated ; and whereas, one of their reserved rights
is that of resuming the powei delegated to that Government
whenever they may he pei verted to the injury or oppression
of any of the States, or whenever any of the States may
consider that their happiness, their piosperity, or their safety
may lequire it; and whereas, that Government, in the
admission of new States, has no power to interfere in any
manner with the domestic institutions or internal oiganiza-
tion ot such States, except to guaranty to them a lepubhean
foim of government; and whereas, the people of Kansas
have formed and adopted a State constitution, secuiing to
themselves and to their posterity the blessings of a republi-
can form of government, with the domestic institution of
slavery ; therefore this convention solemnly declares that
any action upon the part of the Congi ess of the United States
tending to embairass, delay, and defeat the admission of
that new State as a member of the Ameuean Union, under
any pietext whatever, refeiable to the question of slavery,
would bea nsuipation of power, and a violation of the com-
pact ot the Union; and in such event, our Senators and
Representatives in the Congress of the United States, are
requested to give notice of our intention to take the neces-
sary steps to prepaie the free, independent, and sovereign
State of Texas to ie?uine the poweis delegated by it to the
General Government, and to vyithdraw fiom the Union, as
being no longei productive of the great objects for which it
was "established ; and we invite our sistei States, attached
to the benign domestic institution of slaveiy, to join with us
in this important measure, so that we may pie^ent to the
enemies of our institutions an unbioken and defiant fiont,
and thus secute our safety, our libeities,and our independ-
ence, by prompt and united action.
Be it further resolved, That the president and secretary
of this convention be instructed to communicate these reso-
lutions to the legislative and executive dcpaitments of each
of the State* of the American Union, and to the President
and Congress of the United States.
"On motion, the convention adjourned until eighto'clock,
p. m.*'
I have similar resolutions from the States of
Florida and Alabama, but have not time to read
them. If I had time I would say something about
Kansas as a justification for myself and for every
northern man who votes against and opposes the
admission of Kansas into the Union as a slave
State.
A gentleman now in my eye has several times
asked members on my side of the House whether
they would vote to admit Kansas as a slave State
if it was well ascertained that a majority of her
people were in favor of slave institutions. I can
answer that question without any difficulty. I
would not vote to admit Kansas as a slave State
under any possible circumstances, and I place my
justification on the ground that that country be-
longs to the North. Slavery has got all the genial
climate of the United States, and by what right?
There is hardly a non-slaveholding State where
we can settle and find a genial climate. Will you
allow us no spot for our invalids, for our con-
sumptives? Perhaps you will point us to Cuba
for relief; but if it were ours you would insist
upon establishing your " institution" there also.
Now, I want to say here to gentlemen from Mis-
souri—and I want them to recollect it, and carry
the fact home to their constituents—that, if the
people of that State would give away every negro
they have got to-day, and adopt a free constitu-
tion, they would enhance the value of their lands
thirty per cent, within two years. If you are suc-
cessful m making Kansas a slave State, we shall
look upon it as depriving us of the only country
which has a genial climate suitable for northern
labor.
Now, I need not tell you that northern men do
not like your sensitive property. They are seri-
ously prejudiced against it, and cannot help it.
We cannot settle in a country where this " sen-
sitive property" is allowed to exist. And here
let me, in this rambling way, ask the gentleman
from South Carolina to remember that some of
our people would like to settle in-ins State; but
not in that part where you may travel five, ten,
and fifteen miles, among the sand-hillers, and not
find a man or a woman who can read and write.
Northern men do not like institutions productive
of such civilization.
Mr. McQUEEN. If the gentleman will allow
me I will say to him that I would rather have the
lowest of them than the Mormons mid many oth-
ers educated, probably, in the public schools of
which he boasts so much in his own State.
Mr. BURROUGHS. The gentleman must ex-
cuse me; but I cannot give him any portion of
my time. I have no doubt the gentleman has his
preference, but he must pay some respect to his
twin sister—-that " twin relic."
But, sir, besides these grounds of justice and
equity upon which I put this question, the man-
ner in which this Kansas affair has been managed
from the start must be taken into consideration.
I think I might well claim and insist that, from
the beginning to the end "*of this whole Kansas
matter, there has been committed a series of frauds
and violence such as have never been seen in any
civilized country upon the globe. This is abroad
assertion, sir; but I make the charge. I charge
it because I believe it. I charge that Franklin
Pierce, from the commencement of his adminis-
tration, in connection with this Kansas matter,
acted upon a system of fraud and villainy, and I
believe that James Buchanan is following up the
same track, and has 44 out-Heroded Herod."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. I consider such language unworthy the
place that the gentleman occupies. To denounce
a coordinate branch of this Government I hold to
be out of order. [Cries of (( Oh !" "Oh !" and
laughter.]
Mr. BURROUGHS. I hope I shall not be in-
terrupted in this way. The gentleman and I dif-
fer in'opinion no doubt upon some subjects. Sir,
it would be a source of the highest pride and great-
est gratification to me if I could stand here in my
place to-day and say that I honored the President
as the President of the Union. I should be glad
if I could stand here to-day and say that I ap-
proved his acts. I should be glad if I could say,
as I could at the close of the eight years of Gen-
eral Jackson's administration, that I honored and
approved everything that he had done. I feel
humiliated before God and my country that I am
obliged on the floor of Congress to denounce the
President.
Now, sir, I do not intend to-day to enter into
the facts which go to prove the statement which
I have made. They will be presented in a few
days, I doubt not, by the committee appointed
to investigate the subject. But I desire to call
the attention of northern Democrats back to 1890.
I would remind them of the sacrifice which
northern Representatives in this Hall were then
called upon to make. I might point them to men
throughout the North, from Maine to Ohio, who
occupied seats in Congress then, and voted to ad-
mit Missouri into the Union as a slave State, and
who went back to their constituents to stay away
from Congress forever, because they had disre-
garded the interests and will of those they repre-
sented.
Now, sir, what is the true representative prin-
ciple? Suppose that a gentleman from the North
is elected by a constituency that, is nearly equally
divided, and takes his seat here by virtue of the
Governor's certificate: what is his position here?
Is he at liberty to disregard the will of his con-
stituents, and vote against their interests, because
he has been sent here by some accidental ma-
jority? No, sir; I deny it. I maintain—and I
put it to the consciences of gentlemen represent-
ing northern constituencies—I maintain and insist
that it is their duty, when they record their votes
here, to consult the interests, the rights, and the
future well-being of every man, woman, and child
in their districts; and the man who falls short of
this fails to discharge his duty to the country.
I see upon the other side of the House a neigh-
bor of mine, [Mr. Hatch,] whose vote, I know,
was counted upon in favor of freedom, and per-
mit me to address to him a few observations just
here. A few days ago, in this Hall, the gentle-
man boasted that he had a larger foreign cpnstit-
uency than perhaps any man in Congress. What
are your constituents doing? You will tell me,
perhaps, that they are digging your wells and
cellars, carrying your hods, and building your
stores. What will their children do, twenty-five
or fifty years from now? That is a pertinent
question* There will not be room and employ-
ment for thciji and their children in your city.
Where will they go to find homes? If the gen-
tleman permits slavery to spread itself over the
whole of the northern Territories, they will find
no homes there. I can point the gentleman to
hundreds in his district to-day, who, perhaps,
thirty years hence will be walking over the fields
of Kansas, to sec there probably the richest soil
in the world, but to find, perhaps, that country
occupied by an institution which crowds out
■S
j
'A
. <
'i
