Tii * CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
June 11,
the  there shall be an election by the members
of the Legislature.
Thus, by the express terms of the statute law
of that State, when once conveced .conformably
to the constitution of the State,* it was a joint
convention of the two Houses. It was a joint
convention of the two Houses of the Legislature
of Indiana, called in pursuance of the constitution
of that State; for I presume it cannot be disputed
that under the language of the constitution which.
I have quoted, the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives had a right to summon the members
of both branches of the joint convention; and if
the constitution authorized him to summon them
there, they had no rightto be anywhere else*, and
their being anywhere else made them no body of
legislation at all. That was decided in the case
in the New York Reports, to which I referred,
(Field vs. Field, 9 Wendell, 394,) with regard to
the division of the society called (Quakers. By
the usageof the society, the clerk was to eall the
preparatory meeting to order, was to receive all
the suggestions and put the questions. Upon
that occasion the clerk took his usual place, but
a majority—nine tenths of all the members of the
meeting—were opposed to him, and claimed that
they had excommunicated him from the church,
and offered to put another clerk in his place;
whereupon this clerk, yielding to the tumult, went
into the open air, followed bya small minority of
the members, and proceeded to organize the pre-
paratory meeting. The supreme court of New
York said that was the legal meeting; and the
meeting which remained in the house, although
it consisted of a majority, was a tumultuous and
irregular organization, having no legal character,
I say the Speakei; of the House of Representa-
tives had a right to summon the members of the
Legislature on the 12th of January; for that-was
thelastday on which the duty could be performed,
and it was the duty of the Senate to attend, and a
majority of them did actually attend on that day.
When thus convened, a majority of the Senate
and a majority of the House, they were, under the
statute of Indiana, as well as under the constitu-
tion, a joint convention of the two Houses, the
body which, according to the original acceptation
of,the Constitution of the United States, was to
choosy Senators; the body which, according to
the acceptation and settled practice of the State of
Indimia, had always chosen Senators of the Uni-
ted States. That body of electors, being? the legal
and qualified body, there assembled together m
due form, pursuant to their constitution, there
being no law to fix any time, or to fix any other
manner, or to iix any other place, they, by the
consent of the majority, had a right to proceed
imst'anter to the election of Senators; for tiie will
of the majority is the will of all according to every
principle of law, unless the contrary is provided
in the organic act. 1 say again, a majority of the
Senators were present on the 12?h of January,
1857. That appears by several of the affidavits.
1 will read from one; the afRdavitof Senator Drew,
to be found at page 17 of the committee's report:
"This affiant further states that thteeor four Republican
Senators who did not respond to their and who^e
names, consequently, are not recorded a?* participating in
the proceedings, were, ncvettheless, present m the hall of
the House ol Representatives at the session of the joint con-
vention at winch United Suites Senators were chobcn, and
at the previous sessions thereof. And tins affiant lurther
fetates that the two first sessions of the joint convention
adjourned to a day certain, by unanimous consent, and with
a full knowledge upon the part of every Senator and Repie-
semativc that, at the lust adjourned session, United States
Senator were to he elected."
The only thing to the contrary of all this is a
very singular affidavit made by three of the Sena-
tors, John T. Freeland, P. S. Sage, and John
Weston, to be found at page 39 of the report:
State of Indiana, Marion covnty, <??.
Be it remembered, that, on this the 14th day of February,
A. D. !8.r 7, personally appeared before me, R. M. flail, a
notary public of the county aforesaid, John T. Freeland, P.
S. Sage, and John Weston, who, being duly swoin, depos-e
and say: that they now are, and have been during the pres-
ent session. Senators of the State of Indiana, and holding
their seats as such ; thai on the 12th day of Januaiy last
past, ai the time a pretended joint convention was being hold
in the hall of the House of Representatives, they were pres-
ent in the House, having gone there out of mere cuiiosity to
witness the cereniojuesof inauguration ; that th<*y weie riot
there m the capacity of Senators, for the purple ot pat uci-
patmg, m any way, in said convention, nor did they in any
manner take part in the action theieof.
They furtherdepose and say : that they did not then, nor
do they now, recognize the legality of said joint convention j
that they never have, at any time or in any way, given their
assent as Senators to go into a joint convention of the two
Houses of the General Assembly during the present session
of the Legislature.
And further they say not. JOHN T. FREELAND.
P. 8. SAGE.
JOHN WESTON.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 14th day of Feb-
ruary, A. D. 1857.
r_ „ -( fn witness whereof, I hereunto set my hand and
[L. s.j notar|aj seaj at the clty 0f Indianapolis.
RICHARD M. HALL,
Notary Public.
That is one of the ex parte affidavits which were
befo-re the committee. What a case do these gen-
tlemen make for themselves ! It is not denied that
they went to this convention when the Lieutenant
Governor of the State called on the Senators to
follow him to the appointed place, that they were
in company, that they were at the joint conven-
tion. They did as much as anybody else; for no
Senator was called upon to perform any duty on
that occasion, except the one who was called to the
chair; because the only business transacted at that
meeting was for the Speaker of the House to open
the returns and publish them. There was noth-
ing to distinguish these gentlemen from any other
three 'Senators; and yet they come here with a
species of mental reservation that out-Herods
anything I have ever heard attributed even to the
Jesuits. They were there as all others were there;
they did all that any others did; and yet they
come forward with an ex parte affidavit long after-
wards, and say to be sure they were there, to be
sure they did as much as anybody else, but they
were there in some other character than as Sen-
ators. It reminds me o&a story about one of the
German princes, who had both a secular and an ec-
clesiastical character,whowas bothanarchbishop
and a count; and I am sorry, to the scandal of the
church, he'was given to habits of profane swear-
ing and many other vices. Finally, eome of the
dignitaries of the church thought fit to remon-
strate that such in an archbishop was a scandal to
the whole religious fraternity. " Ah," said he
in reply, " I am a count as well as an archbishop,
and when I swear I swear as a count.5' But,"
said the objector in reply," when the devil catches
the count where will be thearchbishopr" [Laugh-
ter.] So 1 say of these gentlemen.. They were
there as all other Senators were; they did all that
could be done; they made no dissent, no dis-
claimer at the time: but they come forward after-
wards and say that there was a mental reservation
about the business; that although they were cor-
poreally present they were mentally absent. Did
any court, will any deliberative assembly, tolerate
such a pretext as that? Why, sir, if they had
not been present so as to have made apparently
a quorum of that joint convention, the joint con-
vention would not have proceeded, it would not
have gone on to open and publish the returns; it
would have seen first that it had a quorum before
it proceeded to the transaction of any business.
They go there to make part of a quorum, and de-
ceive the other members of the Legislature, and
then pretend, at a subsequent time, by an ex parte
affidavit produced here, that they did not intend
to be there as Senators, but intended to be there
as spectators.
In the Iowa case, the two Senators who were
present and did not vote, behaved much better
when they were called in. When they were
brought into the convention by the sergeant-at-
arms, they, upon the record at the time, gave no-
tice that they were brought there against their
will, itnder duress, that they refused to attend the
convention. That was one of the points upon
which I recollect my honored friend, the late Sen-
ator from South Carolina, (Mr. Butler,) dwelt
as material in that case. This case is widely dif-
ferent. These mental protests and mental les-
ervations amount to nothing; they would have
amounted to nothing had they been made openly,
provided theconvention was once duly convened.
In this connection 1 cite the attention of the Sen-
ate to a case decided by Lord Mansfield. Old-
know vs. Wainwnght, 2 Burrows, 1017. This
was a feigned action to decide certain questions
of law and fact as to the right of electors to the
office of town clerk of Nottingham. The issues
of fact were tried by a jury, one of them was:
" Fourth issue: Supposing the mayor, aldermen, and
common council, have the tight, then,1 whether Thomas
S^agiave was duly elected by them.' Asto the fourth issue,
there was a special verdict to the following effect: it sets
outthe constitution of the borough, and that the voices were
all equal votes •, then it sets out the vacancy of the office of
town clerk, and a regular summons to elect another; that
the whole number of electors was twenty five, and that,
out of that number, twenty-one assembled on the2Gibof
May, pursuant to said summons; that the mayor put Thom-
as Seagrave in nomination, and that no other person was
put in nomination ; that nine of the twenty one voted for
him ; but twelve of them did not vote at all; hut eleven of
them protected against any election at that time, because
the office was already full (as they alleged) by a Foxcrott,
whose right was'then under litigation in this court; that
there was a written protest against any election at all, either
of Seagrave or any other person, by four aldermen and six
common councilmen, because a suit was then dep^ndiiur m
the court of King's Bench concerning the right of Foxcroft.
These ten signed the written protest; another (HoIIitip) did
not sign, nor vote, but declared that he suspended doing
anything."
He was the most comprehensive of all.
te However, at the same court of assembly, the mayor de-
clared the said Thomas Seagrave duly elected, and he took
the oaths of office, and other requisite oaths, in due man-
net and form.
"Mr. Caldecott, on behalf of the plaintiff, argued (on
Tuesday, the 6th of May laht) that Seagrave was not duly
elected ; for twenty-five had a right of voting; all had equal
voices ; and, of twenty-one that met, eleven protested
against any election at that time; therefore, these eleven
were all negative voices and against Seagrave, and only
nine were for htm.
Besides, this was no corporate act.
"All the twenty-five were summoned, and twenly-one ap-
peared. The voiee of the majority of tho«e who were pres-
ent, was the voice of the whole twenty-live; aadMr. Sea-
grave had not a majority of them.
"Therefore, the issue is found for the plaintiff"; and we
pray that the postea be delivered to him.
" Mr. Sergeant Hewitt, contra, for the defendant:
yi{ The substantial matter in question was,4 whether the
right of appointing the town clerk was in the mayor, or in
the mayor, aldermen, and common council ?> The mayor,
aldermen, and common councilmen make twenty-five, who
are a corporate body.
" Here was a regular summons of the whole body, and a
corporate meeting of twenty-one of them, for the business
of this election, and they entered upon the election ; there-
fore, they could not desert it unfinished.
" At this meeting the mayor nominated Mr. Seagrave,
which no one then opposed. A vote was taken ; and nine
voted for Mr. Seagrave. After which ten, or (as it is said)
eleven, protested against any election at all at that time.
But mere silence is not a negative, either expressed or im-
plied; and, as no other person was proposed, and nine
voted for him, and none against him, he was well elected."
***********
" Lord Mansfield saw no doubt in the case. Here was an
assembly duly summoned; one' candidate was named ; no
other wab named ; the poll was taken ; they had no right to
''top m the middle of the election ; the Mayor did not put
any question foi adjournment; nor was ther? any.
" But Mr. Caldecott piayed another argument; because
Mr. Sergeant Poole was retained to argue it on the same
side with him, for the plamtjlf.
11 Whereupon, the court gave leave that it should be ar-
gued again ; and ordered an ulterius concilium."
On a subsequent occasion Mr. Sergeant Poole
came up,and after further controversy Lord Mans-
field said it was a clear case:
" Whenever electors ate present, and do not vote at all,
(as they have done li^ie,) tlu y vntually acquiesce m the
election made by those who do."
So that when these parties were present with-
out any express dissent, they consented to what
was done.
There is but one other question in this contro-
versy: was it necessary that two thirds of the
members of each House should be present at that
convention? It is undoubtedly true that one pro-
vision of the constitution of Indiana says, that
" two thirds of each House shall constitute a
quorum to do business." Does that refer to the
branches of the Legislature for purposes'of legis-
lation, or does it refer to the joint convention for
the election of officers, whether State offieers or
United States Senators? Certainly it can have
no application to the election of aSenatorin Con-
gress, because, as I have shown, the established
method of election to which the Constitution of
the United States referred in September, 1787,
was wholly independent of any question as to
whatnii"ht be the specified quorum in cach House
of a Legislature for any purpose of legislation,
and we have the best evidence that that was the
interpretation put on the constitution of Indiana
by all the people of that State, by ail the depart-
ments of our Government; and I certainly need
not say that it is a proposition here, and in all
other Departments of the Federal Government,
that each State shall construe her own peculiar
constitution and law^.
I have stated th<Ua majority of the Senators
were present at the first meeting of the joint con-
vention. What followed? Ashbel P. Will&rd
was declared to have been elected Governor upon
the opening and publication of the returns of the
