1902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 80,
myself and niy colleagues on this side of the Cham-
ber, that we stood by the House bill reported
Here, So long as we could, in good faith, until the
last hope of carrying it was gone. I stood with
them as long as I saw any hope of carrying it.
But, sir, now that this conference report has cut
off every chance of seeing my views on the sub-
ject carried out, with no opportunity of amending
the report itself, I will do the best I can under the
circumstances, and I hope the gentleman will give
me the credit at least of honest motives in the
course I-have taken.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am not here to question
the motives of my colleague or of any man upon !
this floor; but I desire to put a question to him.
He occupies a prominent position in the Ohio
delegation, and a distinguished position in this
movement against the Lecompton constitution.
I understood my colleague, when he became the
pioneer leader of the Douglas Democracy, to assert
in his speech thathe exacted the right of the peo-
ple of Kansas to vote on their constitution before
they should be admitted into theUnion as a State;
ana I ask him now, whether he construes the pres-
ent bill reported by the committee of conference to
be a submission of the constitution to a vote of
the people?
Mr. HUGHES. I object to an answer.
Mr. COX. X will answer the gentleman
Mr. HUGHES. Stop! I object.
Mr. COX. I will answer in the language of
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mi\ Davis,] who
spoke day before yesterday, and with whom the
gentleman acts, that although the constitution is
not submitted in so many words, yet the cflect of
it is, as I claim and he claims, and the gentleman
himself must confess, when he reads the bill, to
give the people of Kansas an opportunity to strike
down this constitution if they do not want it. I
conceive that that is the effect of it. Gentlemen
may differ with me m that, but I take the bill. I
will go to the bill for its interpretation. I care not
for the construction of anybody.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman does not
answer my question. I wish a direct and un-
equivocal answer. Notwithstanding we may be
defeated here to-day on this great principle of
popular sovereignty, yet, sir, we shall take an
appeal to a higher tribunal—that of the people.
Before that high court the gentleman must stand,
and before it he ami I must meet.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me to
read the bill ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir. T have not time,
and we have all read it. I want an answer to my
question.
Mr. COX. You will not let me read the bill ?
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order
I hope the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] j
will be allowed to proceed with his remarks with-
out interruption.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is a question which
ought not to be evaded.
While Mr. Letcher, Mr. Cox, and Mr. Camp-
bell were speaking, Mr. Lawrence, careless of
ail noise and cries to order, made these remarks:
Mr. LAWRENCE. Will my colleague peimit
me to answer the question which he propounds
to our colleague from the capital district, [Mr.
Cox?] I say to thegentlemanemphatically, that
it is an effectual and substantial submission of the
Lecompton constitution to a vote of the- people
of Kansas—they may either adopt it or reject it.
The manner or form of submission is not such as
I would have preferred; but it is nevertheless a
submission. Without so understanding it, I am
free to say that I never would have voted for it.
I have deemed it due to myself to say this much
now, and will, just in conclusion, say to my col-
league that 1 hope to have much more to say on
this subject before our common constituents, the
people of Ohio.
Mr. LETCHER. The three gentlemen from
Ohio have been upon the floor and talking at the
same time; now I raise the question of order, that
not more than one member has the right to ad-
dress the Chair at one time; and X insist on its
enforcement.
The SPEAKER. The Chair fails to enforce
order with his voice or with his gavel.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I say, call fortheSer-
geant-at-Arms.
The SPEAKER. Two or three gentlemen ob-
ject to interruption. The Chair will enforce the
rule, and no interruption will be allowed unless it
is for a personal explanation, or by unanimous
consent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine." I-wishthe gen-
tleman from Ohio to yield the floorfora moment.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to re-
ply to a remark-made yesterday by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. LETCHER. I object. The gentleman
from Ohio has the floor. Let him make the reply .
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I will
take some other opportunity to do so. |
Mr. CAMPBELL. I trust that neither of my
colleagues will suppose that I am actuated by any
unkind feelings towards them. I merely desire
to learn how they and others construe the pend-
ing bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Certainly not.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I see that a difficulty is
already arising in regard to the construction of
this bill, which arose after the passage of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, as to what was squatter sover-
eignty. In the question which I propounded to my
colleague, [Mr. Cox,] and which I intended to
propound to my colleague, [Mr. Lawrence,] and
others, I am actuated by no other motive but that
wc may have, before we give a final vote on the
measure, a true understanding of what we are go-
ing to do.
Mr. COX sought the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot in-
terrupt his colleague.
Mr. COX. With his permission.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not by me.
Mr. HUGHES. I object to anything out of
order.
Mr. FOSTER. I rise to a point of order. I
understood the proposition distinctly to be that
the gentleman from Ohio should occupy the floor j
upon the same conditions and terms as u had been t
occupied by those on the other side. X hey were
not cramped as the gentleman from Olno is now
attempted to be cramped.
Mr. COX. Do 1 understand that there is ob-
jection to my interrupting the gentleman from
Ohio, my colleague ?
Mr. HUGHES. Yes, sir, I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Objection having been
made by the Administration side, by which I am
prevented from having a clear and explicit answer
to my question to my colleague, who is the pio-
neer of the anti-Lecompton movement m this
House, I will send to the Clerk's desk a letter
written by him, to be read:
The letter was read, as follows:
Honse of Representatives,
Washington City, February 6, 1853.
GENTt.F.MEN : Your invitation comes to me m the mid«t
of an unexampled midnight struggle in the popular biancli
of Congiess. I can only say that if the same spun which
here inspires the Democratic members with whom I act,
will mfoim and energize your own expression on the 8ll)
instant, there will be a potential emphasis m favor of the
right of the people of our own States and Terntories to do
as they please m theii own business, untrammeled by ca-
bals and unincumbered with fraud.
Mr. BOWIE, (interrupting.) That was on the
original amendment.
The Clerk, (resuming:)
A border oligarchy have not shown themselves to be such
angels that they should arrogate to themselves that scepter
of authority which alone belongs to the people of Kansas.
Wliile I have a vote in this Congress, it shall never be
diacgled in the Lecompton mire. That is my deliberate
judgment, and my irrevocable will. I cannot &ay or do
otherwise—so heip inc God! Not while Douglas standsm
the Senate ; not while Wi&e speaks trom his \ lrginian Vat-
ican; not while Walker can give us wisdom, or Stanton
can utter timh, or Stuart can argue the law, or Forney
can wield the pen, or the Northwestcan echo the aggregate
thunder of these tribunes of the people—shall this great
wion* be done m the face of thirty millions of freemen.
Yours, &e., SAMUEL S. COX.
Colonel J. \V. Forney, D. Webster, E*q., James Al.
Leddy, and others, Corruniltee.
Mr. COX. I indorse all that yet. That is all
I have to say about that.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have not only the prom-
ise of my colleague's vote for the submission of
the constitution to the people of Kansas, but ^1
have his promise, as heard read from the Clerk s
desk, sworn to with the same solemnity with
which he took the oath of office when he entered
this Hall—so help him God !—he will vote for no
proposition that does not submit to the people the
right to vote upon their constitution.
In addition to that—and I feel bound to allude
to it, because I owe an apology to ninety-one, so
termed, Black Republicans—when the bill came
from the Senate, an arrangement was made by
members of all the old political parties, who were
anxious to take this question forever from the
Halls of Congress, to adopt, in substance, an
amendment which had been proposed by a ven-
erable and patriotic Senator from a slaveholding
State, [Mr. Crittenden, of Kentucky,] The
friends of Mr. Douglas were pledged, by those
who were authorized to'speak for them, as I un-
derstand, upon the high point of personal honor,
to go for that proposition, with slight amend-
ments agreed upon, to the last extremity, and to
the bitter end of the controversy, and to vote for
no other proposition. If I am mistaken in this
allegation, the honorable gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Harris,] the honorable gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Davis,] the honorable gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Aduain,] and others I
might designate, will correct me now. Both of
my colleagues [Messrs. Cox and Lawrence] were
understood to be in this arrangement. Placing the
most implicit confidence in their pledge, and the
like confidence 
Mr. GROESBECK. Wiil my colleague allow
me to say a word ?
The SPEAKER. Interruption is objected to
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,]
arid the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hughes.]
Mr. HUGHES. So far as I am concerned, I
withdraw all objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I certainly will yield to
any of my colleagues. #
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
Mr. SEWARD. Has not the gentleman the
rio-ht to yield? Is there any rule restricting him ?
"The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ohio
can yield to a personal explanation; that is the
extent to which the practice of the House has
gone, where there is objection.
Mr.SEWARD. Thegentleman's [Mr. Groes-
bf.ck's] motives have been assailed, and on that
point he wishes to be heatd.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman desires to
make a personal explanation, it is admissible with
the objection; if it is not a personal explanation,
it is not admissible.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I object to anything not
strictly in order.
Mr. GROESBECK. I suppose my remarks
will take the form of a personal explanation. I
find, in reading the Globe this morning, that in
the debate yesterday an intimation was made,
similar to that now made by my colleague, that
every one of the gentlemen who voted in favor of
the Montgomery-Crittenden amendment pledged
themselves to the gentlemen upon that side, in
some way or another, to stand by that to the end.
Now, 1 do not desire to go into any discussion.
I would like to speak to this proposition myself,
and explain it; but I will not. I wish, however,
to say to my colleague, that never once, during
the whole of this controversy, from the beginning
to the end, did I make any such pledge, or give
any sucli understanding, or have any such con-
sultation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not assert that you
did.
Mr. GROESBECK. 1 had no conversation
with the Republicans. I concurred with them in
the movement. Certainly I did; but there was no
conference, no understanding, no arrangement.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In justice to my colleague,
I will say I never had any conversation with him
in which he pledged himself at all. But I wish
here to inquise of my colleague whether he un-
derstands the bill reported by the committee of
conference, as submitting the constitution to the
people of Kansas?
Mr. GROESBECK. In effect it does.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My colleague thinks it
does. The gentlemen from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] a member of the committee reporting the
bill, asserted in most distinctand unequivocal lan-
guage, that it did not. The grand idea of the
day is that agitation on this question shall cease
and determine; that we are to have no more of it;
yet we are on the eve of passing the bill by the
votes of men, some of whom construe it to mean
one thing, and others a very different thing. _
j| Mr. OWEN JONES. Will the gentleman yield
