1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
to me a moment for a personal explanation ? In
the coarse of the gentleman's remarks 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield ? If the gentleman from Pennsylvania
rises to a personal explanation, it is admissible
if the gentleman yields.
Mr. OWEN JONES. I see in the report in the
Globe of the debate yesterday, some remarks of
the gentleman from Ohio 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I yield to the gentleman
if he be very brief. I promised to be brief myself.
These interruptions necessarily consume much of
my time, and extend the debate.
Mr. OWEN JONES. The gentleman inti-
mated that he had pledges from sundry gentlemen
upon this floor, some of whom he designated as
friends of Mr. Douglas, and some by the States
from which they came, and then said " from other
gentlemen." 1 wish the gentleman to understand
that, in the whole course of this controversy, I
have never given a pledge to him or to any other
gentleman upon this floor, that I would stand by
the Montgomery bill, or by any other bill, to the
last.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether he did not re-
peatedly meet in caucus with that portion of the
Democraticparty known as anti-Lecompton men ?
and whether a committee was not appointed with
power to represent and speak for the entire body ?
Mr. OWEN JONES. I met witli those gen-
tlemen on one or two occasions, but to my knowl-
edge no comffiittee of any kind was ever ap-
pointed; and no committee was ever authorized
to pledge my vote upon this floor upon any sub-
ject.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania another question. I wish
to know how he construes the pending proposi-
tion ? Does it submit the constitution, in his judg-
ment, to a vote of the people of Kansas?
Mr. OWEN JONES. I am willing to let the
people of this country construe this bill for them-
selves. [Great laughter on the Opposition side of
the House.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire, just here, if the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will s® far accom-
modate me, to have the benefit of his judgment
upon the subject.
Mr. HUGHES. I object. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. I think this system of inter-
rogations is all wrong, and I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it very ir-
regular, and will enforce the rule according to the
practice of the House. When a gentleman rises
to a personal explanation, it has been customary,
even when objection was made, for the floor to be
yielded to him for that purpose, but for no other,
as the gentleman from Ohio well knows.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to be courteous to
every gentleman upon this floor, and am willing
to yield the floor; but I have no wish to violate
any rule of the House.
The factean be no longer concealed, Mr. Speak-
er, that the friends of this measure, who, within
the next hour, intend to vote it through, sending
it to the North, South, East, and West,as a great
peace measure, and as a final settlement of this
Kansas imbroglio, put entirely differentconstruc-
tions upon it. Sir, it will but increase the agi-
tation, and I say of it, as I said of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, that I believe it is full of evil and
without promise of any good to any party or any
section of the country.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. English,]
the chairman of the conference committee on the
part of the House, remarked yesterday that the
bill was couched in verygood English.' If it is in
order, I should like that gentleman to declare here
before the House and the country, as we approach
the final vote, whether he agrees with the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] that this bill
does not submit the constitution to a vote of the
people of the Territory. I await a reply.
The SPEAKER, ltisnotin order for the gen-
tleman from Indiana to reply to the gentleman
from Ohio, half a dozen objections being made
to such interrogatories being propounded and an-
swered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then, Mr. Speaker, we
shall meet at Phihppi, and discuss this question
where the rules of the House uo not prevail. My
colleagues and the gentleman from Indiana, and
others from the North, who are voting for this
measure, alleging that it submits the question to
the people; and the gentlemen from the South,
who assert that it does not, will have to meet the
question before that tribunal whose sovereignty
makes and unmakes us all—the people.
My colleague from the central district of Ohio
[Mr. Cox] made a very eloquent and pathetic
allusion to the bonds which unite Ohio and Ken-
tucky, and referred to the fact that Kentucky
united with her younger sister in the war of 1812
to drive back the enemy to the shores of Canada.
I have a somewhat indistinct recollection of that
war. I served in it, young as I am; and for that
reason I doubt very much whether, under the rules
of the House, I can vote for the bill of the hon-
orable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Savage,]
proposing to give pensions to the soldiers of the
war of 1812. Sir, I was actually in arms upon
the frontier during that war—in my mother's
arms—[Laughter]—upon the banks of the beau-
tiful Miamf, which has its confluence with the
Ohio at North Bend, where the gallant Harri-
son lived and where his remains now repose. I
re-collect reading, subsequently, in the history of
the times, and hearing from the lips of my good
mother, that when the merciless Indians, who had
been employed by the English to murder the pio-
neer mothers of the Northwest, and dash out the
brains of their infant children, were within but a
few miles of the rude hut where I was so in arms,
an express rider came announcing the fact that the
Kentucky volunteers had arrived. Itwasthe most
joyous hour in the lives of those who were un-
protected at that time, to learn that the Kentucky
volunteers had come to the rescue. The gallantry
of Kentucky has again come to the rescue m the
Senate and in the House of Representatives, and
so has the gallantry of Maryland; and 1 extend
the right hand of fellowship from the interior dis-
trict which I represent, over the districts of my
honorable colleagues, who represent the queen city
1 of Cincinnati, to Kentucky. I unite with them
! cordially, as do those who have been acting with
i me hitherto, in this grand movement which, upon
I fair terms, nationalizes the elements of opposition
! to that power which has brought this disaster
; upon us. Sir, Kentucky aided Ohio in the war
I of 1812, to resist the English movement then; she
| unites with Olno to resist the English movement
now. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. That is personal. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me to ask
him a question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed to proceed without interruption.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
gentleman has not the right to yield.
Mr. LAWRENCE. I ask '.he gentleman to
yield to me for one moment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will be allowed to procecd. These interrup-
tions must be very unpleasant.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 would willingly yield the
' floor to my colleague if I can have the permission
j of his party friends.
i Mr. GROW. I object, unless the gentleman
| from Indiana [Mr. English] is allowed to re-
| spond to the question propounded to him by the
' gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. When I lose yesterday,
' perhaps somewhat excited by the demonstration
; which I had witnessed upon the part of my col-
' leagues, and made a motion that there be a call
, of the House, the Chair, rather peremptorily, told
< me to take my seat. I was not aware that 1 was
; out of order. I certainly do not wish to put my-
' self again where it will be the right of the Chair
, to command me to take my seat. I am perfectly
j willing, nay more, I am anxious to give gentle-
men on all sides of the House, particulaily gen-
tlemen who propose to vote for this bill, some
of them for one reason, and some for another, an
opportunity to propound questions to me, and to
answer my interrogatories. The Chair, however,
has decided it to be out of order, and without the
unanimous consent of the House, it would not be
'< in order.
| The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say to
the gentleman from Ohio, in reference to the call to
! order yesterday, that lie did not intend to be even
uncivil to the gentleman from Ohio. Several gen-
tlemen were addressing the Chair out of order;
and as the eye of the Chair fell upon the gentle-
man from Ohio, he thought, as he was one of the
older members of the House, that he mightas well
commence with him as with any other member*
Mr. CAMPBELL. I Am very willing, .when-
ever it is necessary to quell a storm in this House,
for the Chair to call me by name, whether l am
violating the rules or not. [Laughter.] Now, Mr.
Speaker, in carrying out the promise Which I
made to the gentleman from Alabama 
Mr. MASON. Before the gentleman from Ohio
takes his seat I desire to ask him whether the
gentleman from Massachusetts is good author-
ity 
[Loud cries of" Order !"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky cannot interrupt the gentleman from Ohio;
objection being made.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This bill; I suppose, is to
pass. Ninety-two members, called Black Repub-
licans, perhaps, in stultification of their past rec-
ord , pledged their honor to vote for a bill for the
admission of another slave State, even north of
the line 36° 3D', if the people desire it. If, in my
quiet operations in bringing about that state of
affairs, I have induced any member to violate his
pledges to his constituents or his conscience, in
any way, I wish now publicly to ask his pardon,
and to say that I was actuated solely by a desire
to remove this thing forever from the Halls of
Congress, in order that the Representatives of the
people might go on in the transaction of that busi-
ness, and the passage of those measures, in which
every section of the country has a deep and last-
ing interest.
Gentlemen from the South have united in press-
ing this matter through. 1 desire to warn them
of this fact, that they have inaugurated a new
principle that may, in the end, prove fatal to their .
institution. It is an unjust discrimination be-
tween the two different sections of the Union—
the proposition that Kansas may come in as a
slave State, but that she may not come in as a free
State—coupled with another proposition indorsed
by the very message which originated this meas-
ure, indorsed by every gentleman who has spoken
upon this subject except the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr.keitt,] and the honorable gen-
tleman from Kentucky before me, [Mr. Under-
wood,] that, regardless of the restricting provis-
ions of a State constitution, the majority of the
people may, at any time, change the constitu-
tion, and drive slavery from the State. That prin-
ciple thus adopted, thus tendered,thus forced by
the South upon the North, will reach further than
Kansas in the future. If it is the law in Kansas
that when she is admitted into the Union under the
Lecompton constitution, her people, embracing
unnaturalized foreigners, may hold a convention,
change the constitution, and abolish slavery, it
may be well for Virginia and other slave States to
look to the consequences. It would be an easy
thing for the North to send down hordes of emi-
grants from foreign lands, who desire to engage
in mining, in manufacturing, and m agricultural
pursuits, to cross the Ohio river and enter the
district of my friend from Wheeling, [Mr.Clem-
en's,] pass thiough the State, and when they get
the power, call a convention, change the consti-
tution of the State, and drive the slaveholders fur-
ther South. This, Mr. Speaker, is the doctrine
proclaimed by the gentleman representing the
border district upon the south bank of the Ohio.
It is a principle recognized by every gentleman
from the South, with the exception of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina and the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to the gentleman
yielding the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I see that my friend from
North Carolina is anxious that I should close.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Not at all; I desire to hear
the gentleman.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I was always desirous of
accommodating him, and I will therefore now re-
new the demand for the previous question.
Mr. GROW. I move that there be a call of
the House; and I make the motion for the reason
that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Has-
kin] desires to speak on this question, and if the
House will permit him to be heard, I will with-
draw the call.
