1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
election; and he was inducted kito office by that
convention; for the act of the Legislature required
that he should be inducted into office by the two
Houses assembled m convention. If thatwasno
convention, he was never legally inducted into his
office of Governor. He is in office; he has been
in office ever since. His title has never been dis-
puted. He has exercised the whole executive
power of the State. The Legislature has sent him
its acts to be approved or disapproved—the Sen-
ate as well as the House. He has granted com-
missions to the judges, and to all the subordinate
officers. The fact that he has been thus inducted
into office without any protest from any quarter,
that he has proceeded to discharge the duties of
the office without any protest from that time to
this, is the most complete and universal acquies-
cence in the validity of his title. Is that a good
mode of ascertaining? Lt us see what the Senate
has decided on that point. Here is the famous
case of Potter vs. Robbins, the case of a contested
election of Senator from the Sfate of Rhode Island,
to be found in the volume of Contested Elections,
page 911. The question was whether a certain
uody, which claimed to be the Council or Seriate
of Rhode Island, was in fact a branch of the Le-
gislature. It was claimed on the one hand that
those members held over after their terms had
expired, and, therefore, they were no Legislature.
What did the Senate of the United States say
then ? The report of the committee uses this lan-
guage:
" When, therefore, we find that, during the existence of
the General Assembly, one branch of which was continued
and held their seats by virtue of the law of January, 1839,
this Legislature passed fourteen laws of a general natuie,
and twenty-eight private acts, many of them acts of incor-
poration, besides numerous resolutions on vanous subjects
falling within the range of legislative power, a schedule of
which is herewith annexed, marked C; and when these laws
and resolution?; remain on the statute-book of Rhode Island
in lull rorce and effect, sanctioned by ludicial decis>ions,and
tacitly submitted to by the people over whom they operate,
it would seem to your committee a very dangerous assump-
tion of power in one branch ofCongre^s, or even in eveiy
department of the General Government combined, to inter-
fere with the internal regulations of the State, and to de-
nounce the body by which these laws and resolutions were
passed as a mere assemblage of citizens without any public
authority whatever, and not the Legislature of" the Slate.
Such a power does not belong to the Federal Government,
and would, if claimed and carried out to its full extent, an-
nihilate all the reserved rights of the States. It is a general
principle of national law, applicable to all distinct and in-
dependent Governments, thaf if there arise any disputo in
a State on the fundamental laws and pnhhc administration,
or on the preiogatives of the different powers of which it is
composed, ius the busmen of the State alone to jud^e and
determine them in conformity to it* political conftiiution.
No Government has a light to intiude into the domestic af-
fairs of another State,'and attempt to influence its delibera-
tions or to control its. action. This punciple is recognized
in the Constitution of the finned States, by which tin; re-
spective States united and foimed themselves into a Fed-
* oral Republic. Conceding, as we feel bound to do, to the
Sfate of Rhode Island, in common with all the other estates
of the Union, the power to decide for itself all questions re-
lating to its domestic policy, there would seem to be no
ground on which to rest a doubt that she has decided in the
most solemn manner the rbararterand powers of the body
by which Mr. Bobbins was cho«en a Senator to Congress.
They passed numerous laws which are in full force. They
elected judges of the supreme court of the ritate who have
taken a new engagement or oath of office, and accepted
new commissions from the Governor, entered on their offi-
cial duties, and condemned to death a citizcn founa gmity
of a capital offense against th  laws of the State. They ie-
ceived compensation out of the tieasuryof the State for
their services, and disbursed the public money necessaiy
fot the support of the Government. No question has arisen
touching or unpuiming the validity of any one of these acts,
because they were passed or peiformed by an incompetent
body, with the single exception of the attempt made by a
succeeding Legislature to vacate the olcction of Mr. Rob-
bins." ^ v * * * * , .
" Your committee advert to these acts as conclusive in
reference to the diameter of the body of men who elected
Mi. Robbins If they were competent to bind the people
of the State by general laws, which is nowhere contested,
they could only eveicise such a powerni their capacity as
the Lcgi^laturo of the State, and as such, it was their con-
stitutional light and incumbent duty to choose a Senator to
Congress."
I repeat, Governor "VVillard was inducted into
office as Governor by a convention, or what
claimed to be a convention; he has been accepted
by all the citizens of the State of Indiana, by both
brandies of her Legislature, and by every depart-
ment of her government; he is in oilicu; his title
has never been disputed; and yet he cannot legally
be in office if it required that two thirds of the
Senate should be present at that convention.
What follows? As the committee said in the
Rhode Island case—and their report was con-
firmed by the Senate—the fact that he is in office
with an undisputed title is the best evidence of
what the meaning of the constitution of Indiana
is, that it was not necessary to have two thirds
present; that the construction put by them on
their constitution is, that the requisition as to two
thirds applies only to their legislative duties, not
to their assembling in joinf convention for the
purpose of opening ana counting the votes for
Governor. But the case is worse than that. I
have shown you that at thesame convention, im-
mediately following tlie inaugural address of Gov-
ernor Willard, Abram A. Hammond wasdeclared
elected Lieutenant Governor; he was inducted
into office at the same convention, took the oath,
and immediately upon the adjournment of the
convention returned at the head of twenty-six
Senators to the Senate chamber, took the chair,
delivered his address, and presided until the end
of the session without any Senator calling his
right in question. If it were necessary that two
thirds of the Senators should be present at that
meeting, why did they permit him to take the
chair of their own body, to deliver them an ad-
dress, to remain Lieutenant Governor until the
end of the session, and until this hour, without a
word of complaint? That showsthe construction
put by the Senate of Indiana on the constitution
of the State on a matter peculiarly affecting their
own rights.
I go farther. It appears from the evidence that
while twenty-four Senators were present in joint
convention on one occasion, (I think on the day
of this election,) the other twenty-six proceeded
to take up, to consider, and to pass a resolution
vacating the seat of one of the absent Senators.
They then claimpd the right as a body to pass
upon every question concerning the election and
qualifications of their own members, with a bate
majority present. They voted the man out; they
struck his name from the roll, and they did not
permit it to be restored. Whether you call it an
expulsion from the Senate, which would have
required a formal vote of two thirds, or whether
you call it sitting in judgment on the right of a
member, it is certain that they assumed the power
at that very session, at (hat very time, by a bare
majority of the Senate, to do any business ex-
cept the passing of bills and joint resolutions. As
I said before, having established the proposition
that the members of the two Houses are an elec-
toral college under the Constitution of the United
States, the question of what number is required
for the peculiar business of the State, for its pe-
culiar internal affairs or internal administration,
becomes wholly unimportant.
This being a joint convention, duly constitu-
ted, sufficient for all purposes, being met on due
notice to all, formal summons to all, called by
the respective presiding officers to attend at a rea-
sonable time and a reasonable place, and a ma-
jority of each of the Houses having come m pur-
suance of that summons, and being there the
electoral body appointed and designated by the
Constitution of the United States to make the
eletion of Senators, at such time, in such man-
ner, and at such place as thfcy themselves might
prescribe, there being no law prescribed, there
being no usage separate from a law, it being a
matter left entirely to their own will, these elect-
ors, duly assembled on due notice, proceed to
make an election. Is their election good? The
language that covers the Ease of Senators covers
the case of Representatives; the same clause "of
the constitution applies to both. Now let me put
a case. In the State of Ohio the law provides that
the trustees of every township—three in number
—shall, so many days before the election, appoint
a place at which the electors shall come to vote;
and that they themselves shall be present to re-
! ceive the votes as judges or inspectors of the elec-
| tion. Suppose they refuse to do it from corrupt
! motives, from factious motives, or for any reason
i they will not give the notice; they will notap-
| point the place; they will not attend at any place
I to receive the votes. The time of election comes;
I or if you please, there being no time fixed, a ma-
| jority of the persons authorized to vote give no-
I *tice to all to come to a given place at a given time,
being reasonable as to both place and time. A
majority of the whole number come theie, ap-
point officers of their own, and hold an election;
if there be no fraud; if there be no question; if
it be reduced to an absolute certainty that A B
had an actual majority of the votes of all the qual-
ified electors, is not that a good election ? The
question is answered by the decisions that have
been made in the old country and in this;country,
in the courts, and in Congress, and in the Legis-
latures. Can the people be disfranchised by a
ministerial officer? Can a .township trustee say
Si I will give no notice of an election for the ex-
press purpose of disfranchising the voter?" Can
a minority of the qualified electors say " we will
attend at no time and no place; for if we attend at
any time and at any place, our fellow-citizens,
beingin the majority, will exercise their undoubted
right of choosing public officers; our absence shall
be more potent than our presence; if \v% we.re
present, and discharged our duty, we could not
defeat their choice; so we will absent ourselves ?"
Is there a more monstrous proposition? What is
your free Government worth, what is your rep-
resentative Government worth, under such a state
of things? Talk no more about elections by the
people; it is an end of all elections.
I say, what would be a good election of a Rep-
resentative, is a good election of a Senator. The
language of the Constitution of the United States
applies to both in the very same clause and the
same words. When a minority of the qualified
electors of a Senator choose to persist, in pur-
suance of a conspiracy entered into beforehand,
from the beginning of the session, persisted in at
every step, to defeat their own duty and the duty
and the rights of the majority, then that majority,
falling back on the broad principles which govern
all popular elections, come together duly and
legally in joint convention, and give notice to aif
the rest, and then the person who has a clear,
undoubted, indisputable majority of the qualified
voters is elected; otherwise, you offer a premium
to anarchy.
Was there any prohibition on the convention ?
If there had been, it might, be material* I have
shown you that the Senate attempted to impose a
prohibition, but they failed. They knew thai the
joint convention, once assembled, would have the
power, and they attempted to limit it. Their lim-
itation was not carried. A similar attempt was
made in the other House, and there it was rejected.
What is more material than all, there never was
a subsequent attempt made during the whole ses-
sion, in either House, to proceed to the election of
a Senator in any other method. The election oc-
curred on the 4th of February. Mr. Bright and
Mr. Fitch received their credentials, and one of
those Senators came here and presented them.
The Legislature sat thirty days, perhaps sixty
days, more—a long period—but never was an at-
tempt made, nor did either House propose to the
other any other election of Senator, either by joint
convention or by separate resolution. It was ac-
quiesced in; it was settled, insofar as that no at-
i tempt was made to disturb it. If it was not a
, good election, if it was void, there was no obstacle
j to the two Houses proceeding to another; and the
! fact that neither of them attempted any other,
' shows that they were both conscious that it was
an election duly made under the constitution of
Indiana. I said that was the rule. Let me read
a few words from a very eminent judge.
Mr. Justice Bayley, in the case of the King vs.
Hill, (4 Barnewall & Cresswell, 441,) says:
" Where the election of burgesses is fixed, either by char-
ter or custom, to take place on any specific day, there it is
the duty of every person entitled to vote to take notice that
there is to be an election on that day. But when no spe-
cific day is fixed, and the election may take place at a meet-
ing holden at any time, it is essential lhat notice of the
meeting and of the business to be transacted there should
be given to all persons resident withm the limits of the bor-
ough who are entiMed to vote ; and that should be a reason-
able notice, and at a reasonable time before tlie election
actually takes place."
That it need not be a written notice ora formal
notice, if actual notice was given, was decided in
the case of The People vs. Peck, (II Wendell,
611;) and in Willcock, on Municipal Corpora-
tions, (page 46,) a book of very high authority,
it is said that notice may be given by the ringing
of a bell, if that has been the usage by which
meetings of the borough are called. In the case
of Jones vs. Van Zandt, (5 Howard, 215,) where
the statute imposed a penalty for any person who
harbored a fugitive slave after notice—and it was
claimed that the notice must be a formal one or a
written one—the court said: £*If he have actual
knowledge, that is enough. It need not be for-
mal; it need not be written." Did the recusant
; Indiana Senators know what was to be done in
i the convention5 I have shown you that, on the
