THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth CoNonnss, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, I85S.
New Series....No. 52.
northern free labor. I can point the gentleman
to hundreds in his district who, fifty yours hence,
in walking over those beautiful fields, will say,
41 If my father had not voted for a Democratic
Representative from Buffalo, and given him a seat
in Congress, these fields would perhaps have been
mine; but here is no home for freemen; no home
for my countrymen."
Now, I ask of no man here anything which is
not entirely m keeping with justice, mid in ac-
cordance with hi«h equity. The gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Shorter,] the other day, said
that we placed upon them, in 1820, the burning
mark of inferioi ity. That is not so. The posi-
tion of the South is every way equal in advant-
ages with us. Our northern men will not settle
in a country where slavery exists. I need not
make an argument to prove this. On the other
hand, gentlemen cannot prove to us that southern
men will not go into free territory. I remember
facts which I may safely address to you. Go to
the State of Illinois, and you will find not less than
thirty-five thousand of her inhabitants were origin-
ally from cither Kentucky, Tennessee, Vnginia,
South Carolina, or far off Georgia. They willgo
to fiee territoiy and settle fhere, if yon will per-
mit them. As representatives of the South, if
you would consult the interests of a large portion
of your country, you will help to make Kansas
a free State, and thereby promote the greatest
possible good of the citizens of the South who
would gladly find homos there. j
I regret to have said anything in the course of i
my remaiks winch should wound the sensibilities '
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smitii;] but j
I could not rcfiain from expressing the true senti-
ments I entertained in regaid to the course of the
President of the United States. I know there
was a time when it was unlawful to say anything
against the King; I know there was a time in Eng-
land when penalties and chains were visited upon
the man who dared to speak against the King—
the Tower of London has contained many such.
I know there was a time in America w lien a law was
proposed, making it an offense punishable by fine
and imprisonment to speak disrespectfully of the
President. Now, sir, if such a law was m force
at the present day, half our freemen would be in
prison or exile. I should be obliged to find some
refuge, some secure spot m Canada, or in the
southern islands, because of the language I have
used m regard to the President, or become the
tenant of a Democratic jail. I am a peaceable
man, and would treat with proper respect every-
body; yet, when I am asked to call the Pres-
ident of the United States an honest man, I must
falter. When I am asked to say that he has con-
ducted himself before the people, with respect to
this Kansas matter, as a prudentand candid man,
I must decline.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What I said when
I rose to a question of order was, I trust, founded
in proper sentiment of feeling. It is the policy of
the Government for all of its branches to indulge
in language of courtesy and respect towards each
other, and the rules of this Housepresciibe it in
reference to one branch. When 1 heard the gen-
tleman from New York—a traveled gentleman,
as he tells us—get up and denounce a coordinate
branch of the Government, I did fee! a degree of
indignation for the moment which I could not re-
press. 1 may regret that I expressed myself so
strongly, but I more regret that the gentleman
should have used sucii bitter language towards the
President of the United States.
Mr. .BURROUGHS. I have no doubt that I
should receive instructions in matters relating to
politeness from the gentleman fiom Virginia.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to ask tfcc gentleman
from New York whether he does not demand a
corresponding respect from other branches of the
Government towards this body, which they de-
mand from us?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CURRY. Mr. Chairman, the Kansas bill
contains three distinct features. First. It denies
to Congress the power to legislate slavery into a
52
Territory, or exclude it therefrom; and, without |
lifting the unconstitutional Missouri restriction to I
the dignity of a formal repeal, simply declares it I
" inoperativeand void." Second. It transfers the |
powers of Congress to thcTemtoiial Legislature, ;
and vests in it full jurisdiction overall rightful I
subjects of legislation, leaving the people peificlhj '
free to regulate their domestic institutions in their
ou-n wayt subject only to the Constitution of the
United States. Third. It guaranties to the peo-
ple of the Territory admission as a State into the
Union, with or without slavery, as their consti- !
tution may prescribe at tin: time of such adnus- j
sion. j
The passage of such a bill was an era in politi- i
cal science, and a monumentmai king its advance- ;
rnent. Founded on the principle of local self- j
government, keeping a strict separation between !
"local and Federal interests/'itavoided'sectional '
collisions, limited northern supremacy, and pro- [
tected a distant people against the fluctuating and ;
oppressive legislation of a geographical majority, !
plethoric with power, intent on its purposes, lg- j
norant of local wants, and incapable, because act- j
ing out of the sphere of intelligence and obsetva- [
Hon, of promoting domestic happiness and seeu- j
nty. Priorto its adoption,Congress had ariogated j
a despotic,because unlimited, power over the Tor- '
ritories, fixing their normal condition, leaulatmg :
their institutions, prescribing their Civilization, i
and controlling their destiny. The. Kansas bill
reversed this practice, confined the Federal Legis- '
latuie within the scope of its limited jurisdiction,
and withdrew the v  xed question of slavery from 1
congressional consideration, and transferred it to i
the arbitrament of those interested, and who were
most intimately affected by the existence or non-
existence of slave labor. It acknowledged th^in-
abihty of Congre^ to legislate for the local and
domestic interests of a remote people; refused to
subject them to Kederaldominion, and threw them ;
upon their own resources, to develop their own <
system of ciiUuie, and contend for all the prizes
of life. The measure was intended to stop the j
flowing of the bitter waters of Marah: to stop agi-
tation in Congress, to stop discord and strife and j
fiaternal hate, and accomplish a permanent settle- ;
ment, m principle and m substance. It was not i
a mere temporary adjustment, contingent on pop-
ular caprice, or controlled by paltry considerations j
of policy or expediency, but a final, conclusive,
and irrevocable settlement, for all time to come,
and for every territorial organization. As such,
it was accepted by the people of the United States;
and as such, a common patriotism of all sections
rejoiced in its consummation. It violated no prin-
ciple of justice, conflicted with no constitution^
prohibition; hut m it truth and justice met together,
freedom and theConstnutionembraced each other.
It antagonized centralization, and was a happy
illustration of local self-govmnment.
Under the practical application of the law, in
October, 1850, " the sense5' of the people of Kan-
sas has been taken " upon the expediency of
calling a convention to fui m a State constitution."
An alfirmative vote being given, the Territorial
Legislature passed a law for the election of dele-
gates to the convention by popular suffrage. Yh0
delegates were legally chosen at a fair and public
election. The convention, thus rightfully sum-
moned by a popular vote, and the Legislature,
assembled and framed a republican constitution,
and submitted so much of the instrument as re-
lated to slavery, to adnoct popular vote on the
21st of December last; and now, all the initiatory
steps having been taken, in accoidance with, and
subordinate to, the territorial authorities, which
have been recognized by the executives and judi-
ciary of Kansas, the President and people of the
United States, she knocks at the door for the priv-
ilege of admission into this Confederacy, and to
be recognized as a peer. Fiom beginning to end,
ab ovo usque ad malum, the forms of law have been
observed; and while occasional excesses have
been committed, the constitution and the eomen-
tion have been the work of conservatives and the
law abiding, in opposition to those who have been
guilty of faction and disorder; and, in the lan-
guage of Governor Walker, a rebellion so-iniqui-
tous, and necessarily involving such awful con-
sequences as has never before disgraced any age
or country.
Compared with California and Michigan, the
action of Kansas has been sober, methodical, and
blameless; and but for us action on slavery, but
for the fact that, in her high discretion she has
cast her lot with the South, scarce a word of other
than simulated dissent would have been heard
from any quarter. Attracting the attention of all
sections; being tl^ arena of a fierce and uninter-
rupted contest; subject to unnatural and stimu-
lated immigration, Kansas has slowly and regu-
larly and publicly and voluntarily taken every
step, the succcssive processes of which have led
her from the wilderness, throngh the intermediate
organizations, up to her present attitude of a sov-
ereign State, desiring admission into the great
sisterhood of sovereign States. She is met with
cold rebuffs and refusals, and to sustain the pro-
ject of remanding her back to territorial pupilage, \
the most singular pretexts are alleged, the most
monstrous doctrines are avowed, the most glaring
injustice is proposed to be done, the most reckless
inconsistency is practiced.
Several positions have been assumed in both
branches of Congress by those who were classed
heretofore as friends and advocates of the Kansas
bill to justify then present hostility to her admis-
j sion, and thcirfailurc to allow her the guarantied
| privilege of coming into the Union, with orwith-
! out slavery, as the constitution may presetibe.
' The mo^t prominent objection, most earnestly
urued, and most confidently insisted upon, is,that
i the convention did not submit the whole consti-
| tution to popular ratification or rejection. 1 fear,
I Mr. Chairman, this is an after-thought, trumped
j up for the occasion. What was, a short while
| ago, the curse of the age, the foul blot upon our
! national escutcheon, the aggregation of all ills,
| has suddenly become the most insignificant and
j unimportant part of the constitution. I wiil not
I use harsh terms in characterizing such conduct,
| but to me it is singulaily unaccountable. What4"
| was the bone of contention m the Kansas bill?
: Slavery. What was the obnoxiousness of the
j Missouri restriction? The localizing and pro-
| scnption of slavery. What was the burden of
j Abolition accusation? The extension of slavery,
j What was the theme of song, and lecture, and
| sermon,and speech,and petition,and clerical pro-
i test, but slavery? Every intelligent man must
I feel and know that if the constitution of Kansas
: hnd been, in the language of my friend from Ohio,
I [Mr. Cox,] "an emanation from the pit," and
j had excluded slavery, it would have been tol-
| crated and defended by the greater portion of those
i who are now so rampant and hostile; while, on
I the contrary, if it had been perfect as inspiiation,
: and, like inspiiation, recognized the existence of
| slaveiy, it would have been assailed and con-
! demncd. The whole controversy and agitation,
; for four years, on the Kansas bill, have grown
i out of slavery.
The President,in his rcccnt admirable message,
! says:
T!u^ was the question which had convulsed the Union
■ and i-liuken it to iu very center. This was the qae-tion
' w Inch had lighted up the flames of civil war in Ka>i*as, and
' had piod'iccd dangerous sectional paities throughout the
! Confederacy. It was of a chaiacter vso paramount in ic-
II *nect to the condition of Kansas to rivet the anxious at-
tention of the pcopJe of the whole ortuntry upon it, and U
alone. No pcrs-oa thought of any other question."
And the submission, separately of the slavery
clause of the constitution, was the fairest and*
most equitable way of ascertaining the public sen-
timent and of allowing 4' the people to regulate
their own domestic institutions." I go further, Mr.
Chairman, and assert that such was the public
declaration of its prommentadvocates and of him
for whom is claimed the paternity of the measure.
;j In a speech on the 3d of March, 1854, Mr. Douo-
|! las said that the doctrine of the repoit, oxplana-
tory ofthc bill, was: '• First, that iheichMqius-
)] lion of slavery should be withdrawn from the iialis
