THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN'C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D.-C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 12, 1858.
New Series No. 184.
of Representatives, preceded by its President.
]Now, sir, what are we asked to do? We are
asked to go behind that record; we are told it is
not true. Who asks us to go behind it? Certain
members of the Senate of Indiana. What is it
they ask us to do? They ask us to declare, in de-
fiance of the Constitution and of the record, that
they were not present at the place where the con-
stitution required them to be present, at the only
place where they legally could be at the hour
when the House said they were assembled with
it in its hall. In other words, here are parties
calling upon the Senate of the United States to
take testimony to prove that they violated their
official oaths, callinguponus to go behind the con-
stitution and laws of the State in order to satisfy
ourselv.es that they did an illegal and unconstitu-
tional act—kept away fiom the only place where
they could legally and constitutionally be on the
day this convention wag held.
Now, sir, I say, in the first place, that I will
not listen to any such evidence on the familiar
principle, known to every one, that no man shall
be allowed to come into a court of justice or equity
or law, and allege his own wrong as the basis of
a right. They say, " we violated the constitu-
tion, and by virtue of that violation we claim a
right to contest the election of these members."
I say, first, then, if we are to go on technical
grounds, that I will not listen to them*, that they
cannot be listened to; that it would be in violation
of public order, in violation of the first principles
which govern courts of law or equity, to permit
gardes to come and declare their own turpitude.
;ut, sir, if I were willing to go behind this record,
how stands the evidence as now before us? It
was not before us when I formed my first impres-
sions of this case. I take theevidence offered by
the contestants themselves, and I take theevidence
of the Governor of the State, whom they exam-
ined as their witness, and what docs he say? He
says that upon the day upon which this joint con-
vention was to be held, he, as President of the
Senate at the time, called upon the Senate to fol-
low him into the hall of the House, and he did
go to the hall of the House, at the head of a num-
ber of Senators, who constituted a majority of the
body. That is their evidence; that is what they
prove. Here is the testimony of Governor Wil-
lard:
" The Speaker of the House sent, through me. to the Sen-
ate, an invitation to the Senate fo appear in the hall of the
Bou^e of Repiescntatives, and I read said invitation to the
Senate; then adjourned the Senate to meet in the halt of
the House at tho hour specified by the Speaker, and a ma-
joiity of the Senate attended in the hall of the Ijouse to
witness the counting of said votes; all the Demociats—
twenty-tbiee—were present, and Weir, tfaiie, and Fieeland,
and all within the bar of the House of Representatives."
Twenty-six members out of fifty; and yet we
are told that that was not a legal or regular con-
vention because the Senate did not pass a resolu-
tion to go into the hall of the House. What
necessity was there for the Senate to pass any
such resolution ? If they had passed a resolution
not to go in, it would have been simply null and
void, because in violation of the constitution.
To pass a resolution to go in would have been a
simple work of supererogation, because the order
of the constitution was there in advance; they
must go in. There was no necessity for their
declaring their assent to go in. They had sworn
to obey the constitution which ordered them to
go in They had no power to pass a resolution
that they would not go in, because a resolution
not to go m would have been simply null and void.
It is plain, therefore, that this Arst convention
was a legal and constitutional convention of both
branches of the Legislature of Indiana. It has
been well put by the Senator from Ohio, if this
was no legal, no constitutional convention, then
Indiana has no Governor now, she has no Lieu-
tenant Governor, because neither has yet been
legally inducted into office. Either that conven-
tion thus held was competent to the performance
of certain acts, or it was not. If it was not com-
petent to the performance of any act, then there
is now no Governor, no Lieutenant Governor of
the State of Indiana; yet the entire population of
184
the State, without a dissenting voice, recognize
the Governor and Lieutenant Governor now in
office in the State of Indiana as legally inducted
into office, and they could only be so if this con-
vention was legally convened. They are in un-
disputed office. Then they were inducted into
office by a convention legally assembled.
If that point be once admitted, the next ques-
tion that occurs is, had the convention a right to
adjourn to another day ? I do not intend to detain
the Senate by any reference to law-books for the
purpose of showing the inherent right of every
convention of this kind to adjourn until it has
closed all the business that it thinks proper to do
as a convention; but I would refer again to the
evidence in the report of the Judicary Commit-
tee; and first, let us look at the law of the State,
which was repealed, and under which these elec-
tions had been held for the space of seventeen or
eighteen years. By that law an express provision
was made, authorizing the adjournment of a joint
convention in certain cases The second section
of that law provided that,when the Legislature had
assembled in joint convention to electa Senator, if,
after five ballotings, there should be no election,the
President of the Senate might adjourn such elec-
tion to some future day during the session, not leav-
ing it to the body, but leaving it to the President
of the body, to adjourn it to some future day, after
five ineffectual ballots. We must remember that,
at the time this election took place, there was no
law, there existed no law; the Legislature was
acting by virtue of the inherent power conferred
upon it by the Constitution of the United States.
What was to be done ? what else could it do, ex-
cept to follow the well-established usage of the
State? What was that usage? Here, again, I
refer to the evidence of the Governor of the State,
who is the witness of the contestants. In answer
to their questions, he says:
<C1 have attended several joint conventions; the Lieu-
tenant Govomoi in person, acting n? Pie*ident of the Pen-
ate, becomes the Piesideni of the joint convention: be calls
the same to oider; no motion to adjourn i-s ever entertained
by bun ; he adjourns it himself, without motion, eitbei sine
dtp or to a given day; F have not been aide to find in the rec-
ord of the pioeeedtnirs ol joint conventions m this State any
instance varying with the custom as aforextated."
Here is a legal convention constitutionally as-
sembled, and the President of that convention ad-
journs U, adjourns it in accordance with the estab-
lished usage of the State, and in the absence of a
law. How was it as regarded the members of the
convention in relation to this adjournment? Mr.
Drew says that he was a member of the Senate:
" That the two first sessions of the joint convention ad-
journed to a day ceitam, by unanimous consent, and with
a lull knowledge upon the pait of every Senator and Rep-
resentative that, at the last adjourned session, United States
I Senators were to be elected."
j Mr. Diew is not the only one; there are other
! affidavits to the same effect. Then, sir, we have a
j constitutional convention duly convened and duly
adj ourned, adjourned from day to day un til the Sen-
ators now holding their seats here received a cer-
tificate of their election, having obtained the votes
| of a number of electors far exceeding a majority
| of the entire numbers of both branches of the Le-
! gislature. They sit here as represei^i ng the State
I of Indiana, and we are called upon to send them
j away, and leave the State without a representa-
tive. Men who h#ve avowedly received a major-
ity of the votes of all the persons entitled to vote
at the election, holding their seats here under a
certificate signed by the President of the Senate
and Speaker of the House, and the Governor of
the State, with the broad seal of the State attached
to it, are to be turned out of the Senate, and their
places notgiven to contestants, for nobody claims
them, but made vacant, and the State depiived
of representation upon this floor.
In all cases like this it is incumbent on us to
look at the character and position of the paities
contestant, as well as at the character and posi-
tion of those whose seats are sought to be va-
cated. If the first convention was not a legal or
constitutional convention, because two thirds of
the Senators were not present at it, we reach this
result which its inevitable: that a minority of one
third of either branch of the Legislature of the
State of Indiana can forever prevent the organ-
ization of a government in the State. By the
constitutionof the State, two thirds of each body
form a quorum to do business; but surely this
provision of the constitution is to be construed
with that other provision which provides that
both Houses shall be present on the day when the
Governor is to be inducted into office. Shall it
be within the power of a portion, or even all the
members of one or the other House, to prevent
the organization of a State government by simply
absenting themselves ? Can they be listened to
when they allege that they have done such a
thing? If it he necessary, according to the theory
of the contestants, that this joint convention
should be composed of two thirds of each body,
what is the inevitable result? That a minority
consisting of over one third of cither body keeps
the State in a continual condition of anarchy.
Here is the Senate of the State of Indiana con-
vened on the 12th day of January. They are to
go into the hall of the House in joint convention.
Suppose on that day, before the meeting of the
Senate, an armed minority had taken possession
of die Senate hall, and prevented the members
coming into the hall by violence; and suppose
the members thus prevented from doing a consti-
tutional duty had done it as nearly as it was pos-
sible for them to do—that is, without first conven-
ing in the Senate chamber, had gone as Senators
to the hall of the House, and there presented
themselves as Senators in the performance of their
constitutional duty: can any one imagine for a
moment that any court of justice on earth would
decree that the action of the armed minority, in
defiance of the law, should prevail; and that be-
cause the action of the majority had been irregu-
lar by reason of this violence of the minority, the
minority could complain of the irregularity they
had themselves caused, and been the authors of?
Now, sir, I want to call the attention of the
Senate and of the country to some of the proceed-
ings which were the origin of the irregularities
that took place in this election. There were ir-
regularities, and looking on those irregularities on
their face, as I said before, when this question
was first presented, I said this election is irregu-
lar; the parties claiming seats cannot hold them;
but when I found that the irregularities had been
produced by the armed violence of the very men
who maintained that they could base a right on
the irregularities, I could not for an instant listen
to their protest. No one in the whole State of
Indiana complains of these irregularities except
the men who committed them. Sir, the Senate
will be shocked, the country will be shocked, to
hear some of the evidence which has been taken
m this case. The notorious General Lane, of
Kansas, was on the floor of the Senate of Indi-
ana, at the head of abody of armed retainers, over-
awing the Senators of a State of which he was
not a citizen. He came from a distant land, there
to over-awe the Senators of a sovereign State, and
by force and violence prevent their doing their
constitutional duly, which they had sworn to per-
form when assuming their senatorial robes but
two or three days previous. The proof is com-
plete. What says Governor Willard in relation
to this action ?
k< I was present at the organization of tbe Senate on the
fii^t dav of the session of 1837. 7 took: the chair, as pre-
siding; officer of the Senate, at the usual horn of the meet-
ing oi s-fiid foudv, and called the Senate to o;dfi. While X
was calling the Senate to order, I). Beaiss (a Srnator hoM-
mjjovei) called Lewis Bark (a Senator holding over) to
take the chair, and preside. Said Bulk took a chair upon
my right; who placed it tilde, I do not know."
It is afterwards proved that it was placed there
by Jim Lane, who took this Senator who held
over by the arm and inducted him into the seat
of the President of the Senate of Indiana.
J duected the Secietaiv of the Senate to call the roll of
the Senatois holding over; all tho^e who wore classed a*
Demoeiat* answered to their names; those who wp.u
cla-sed as Republicans or Know Nothing's did not."
They would not answer to their names.
" i then duected the call foi those Senatois who claimed
