820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
chusetts advises to be received into the great fam-
ily of nations,as a free and independent republic!
. In 1834, Great Britain abolished slavery in her
West India possessions, and paid near one hun-
dred million dollars to indemnify the owners of
the emancipated slaves. The result has been a
sad disappointment, a disastrous failure; so much
so, that Mr. Calhoun, in his celebrated letter to
Mr. King, our Minister to France, asserted that
the fixed capital of Great Britain, vested iri trop-
ical productions, estimated at the value of nearly
live -hundred million dollars, is said to stand on
the brink of ruin. The produce of Jamaica, in
three years after the emancipation, decreased one
third; and in ten years, that of the whole British
West Indies had fallen off one half. The exports
of coffee from the West Indies ran down from
27,460,000 pounds in 1830, to 9,927,000 in 1841.
The exports of British West Indies were—
Sugar, eivt.s. Coffee. Skipping, tons.
1S31 4,103,800 20,030,802 240,079
1841  2,151,217 9,927,689 174,975
While this diminution of trade with the eman-
cipated colonies had been going on, there was, in
consequence of the enhanced demand for their
products, a proportionate increase with those col-
onies, which, as Mr. Calhoun said, had iiad the
good sense to shun the bad example. A tabular
statement of the exports from Great Britain to the
British West Indies, (non-slaveholdmg,) and to
Cuba and Brazil, (holdingslaves,) will make this
fact-very manifest:
Iii itish Cuha and other ,, 7
West Indies. West Indies. Brazil.
1831 2,581,949 603,331 1,233,37L
1849 1,831,146 1,030,103 2,414,715
The produce of sugar in Cuba, in 1831, was
eighty-two thousand tons, and in 1851, two hun-
dred and thirty-five thousand tons. To leave no
" loop to hang a doubt upon," I have prepared,
from the report on commerce and navigation for
1857, a table showing the value of imports and
exports between the United States and Iiayti, San
Domingo, British West Indies, and French West
Indies, where slavery lias been abolished, and
Cuba and Brazil, which retain African slavery:
Tear. Country. Va'Me of V,due of
J Imyorts. I ..ryort-,.
1831.... na> ti  i j .:*j ^ -
1857.... Hayti  0,290,243 2^:.,(HI
1831... .sj.in .Domingo 
3tT>7*... San Domingo  109.871 4-1.319
1831 HjuinIi West JiuliCsS.. 1.303,ML 3,-lllXi.hi
1£>7..., British Woi-t Indies^. 2,528.3,248
183J.... Fiench West Indies.. 671,842 717,*77
1857... .French YVobt Indies.. 5G,13.'}
16;H....Ctiba  8,371.707
J857.. ..Cuba 4."),243^101 11,0-23,4 13
3831 ....Brazil 2,31.1.8'29 2,07tj,00«>
18.V7. ... Uiazil 21,460,733 f>,r> IV207
The gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. .Bum,]
when interrupting the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. GvuthelLjJ the other day, committed a
grave error m setting down the export commerce
of the United States to [iayti as ^350,000 greater
than the entire trade with Mexico. It is only
$4,935,27G less.
Deplorable as these results are, they are, says
Alison, from whom I have obtained most of these
facts and much of this language, nothing to the
heart-rending results of the change on thcAfnean.
While real estate, in some instances, has depre-
ciated five hundred per cent., the character of the
blacks for industry, sobriety, and honesty, has
depreciated to a like extent.
A recent correspondent of the New York Herald
quo(cs*from a Kingston paper the observations of
a resident of over twenty years:
" What do we see? Idleness, drunkenness, concubinage,
adultery. And need wo wonder at all thi-i, when we find
senators, mngi&ttatcs. planter?, merchant^, cieik-a, attor-
neys, overbeds, book-keepers, government officials and
even clergymen, practicing and encuuiaging these viced!*'
The history of emancipation in the noithern
States, which was not a sudden and revolutionary
change, but the gradual sloughing off of the in-
stitution, as " the "profit of the thing" failed, cor-
responds, in a modified degree, with the ill elFegts
produced upon the negroes in the West Indies.
The number of blind and deformed and idiotic and
criminal and pauper negroes in the North is proof i
of this, and the stringent prohibitions against their |
residence and immigration are confirmatory evi- j
denceof the want of "profit"insupportingafree j
negro population. j
Emancipation in the West Indies has increased !
*Fiom 1831 to 1850 a decrease. !
the slave trade; and so great is the demand for
African labor in thelropical regions, that England
and France, under the guise of their coolie and ap-
prentice and emigrant systems, are endeavoring
to repair the fatal mistake committed heretofore
under false pretenses of philanthropy, and to break
down the cotton and sugar interests of the United
States.
The London Times acknowledges the mishap
and failure of the emancipation movement, ridi-
cules the tenderness of those who shed tears over
the Tomitudes of literature, and boldly declares
that the colonies are perishing for want of suffi-
cient labor. The hopes excited by Brougham and
Wilberforce have been disappointed, predictions
have been falsified, and the advocates of negro
equality and emancipation have lost the prestige
of success. Says the Thunderer:
"Negroes are necessary to raise the cotton, sugar, coffee,
and tobacco, which the world want?. The white man can-
not woik und^r a tropical sun; and unless the Allican be
used as a laborer, the unrest regions of the New Wot Id must
lemam a de&eit. inline, negroes mu--tbe had <u any cost;
and no nation has a riyht to impose own scuipub^ity on
other fiee communities. It'England has ruined her own
colonies, that is no ieason why she should check the prog-
ress of the whole Anieiican continent."
True, the Times puts this reasoning in the
mouth of others, but does it with complacency,
and without censure. It insists that the colonies
must have additional labor, and proves it by refer-
ence to a <e Report of the Council on Immigration
forTrinidad," which shows how a British colony
may decay, while all around it is flourishing. t " If
Trinidad had remained underSpanish sway," that
is, a slave colony, " it might, in spite of tyranny
and misrule, be the wealthy island which its po-
sition and fertility would naturally make it. But
although the island contains one million two hun-
dred and fifty thousand acres, yet the extent of
all the land now under cultivation is only about
fifty-two thousand eight hundred and seven acrcs,
and of this area the sugar plantations cover only
thirty-four thousand and fifty-nine acres. The
entire number of agricultural laborers working for
wages, in the cultivation of sugar and cocoa, is
only fourteen thousand, of whom nearly eight
thousand are immigrants from India and China,
intioduced at the public expense."
The Paris Constitutionnel, of!2i)th December, in
vindicating the recent policy of France, holds this
language:
" Our colonies have suffered from lack of hands as well
as the colonic, and it cannot be any longer endured.
If oui neighbors clnxw: to submit to the consequences of
then abolition thoone^ the ie*t of the woild i< not obliged
to adopt them as itsiuieoi conduct. Then code ot piul.ui-
ti.iopy ih not a law for «h. Thus, our GuvouinxMit having
leoogni/.fd eimtnation as at ojice useful and moral, hat
authorized tiaden- to engage laboreis in A&ia and Ahica loi
the Fiench colonics."
These facts betray the impoverishment insep-
j arable from abolition m the tropics, and I leave it
I to an Exeter Hall casuist, or a strong-minded fe-
I male novelist, to discover the diifeuncc between
j Afiican, and Chinese, and Indian laborers,
j If "absolute necessity" induced the original
transportation of the Africans to this continent,
and a like imperious necessity requires African
compulsory labor to produce tropical productions
in the islands; and the cotton, tobacco, sugar, and
rice of the southern States be dependent upon
slave labor, I press the irresistible conclusion, that
we need nn extension of slave territory anil the
Americanization of Central America, by the es-
tablishment of our peculiar institutions. Clayton-
Bulwer and such like treaties are alike to be
rejected, and all assumptions of power, afloat or
ashore, mtertering with the great law of our mani-
fest destiny, putting swathe's on the limbs of our
|] progress, should meet with prompt and success-
; lul resistance.
! Mr. Chairman, the South is not alone to suffer
M from abolition, and from confining her institutions
i; within present limits. The act itself would bring
ij untold ruin on the North, while the causes of the
j] act will be but fructifying seeds of ever-recuning
j evil. It is idle, however, for me to forewarn gen-
j tlemcn of the North of the Iliad of v.-ocs to be
unloosed upon them by the prevalence of this ab- ;
olition, agrarian, and Red Republican spirit. In !
! the streets of your cities already have been heard j
tile terrible cries of vengeance.' Secret watch-
I words pass readily from mouth to mouth; organ-!
; ized bands wait but for an occasion to despoifand !
' diyide; burglaries and garroting and assassination i
fill the columns of the newspapers. When the
slaves of want and hunger, with destitute homes
and starving families, pass along your streets, and
cursing the Providence and the society which
doomed them to poverty and inequality, shall, with
franticness of superadded hunger and revenge,
seize and appropriate that which is spread out so
enticingly before them, it will be too- late to parley
with them, and argue that the natural, absolute,
inalienable, and indefeasible right of a majority to
govern, meant in conformity with established law,
and that a denial of right of property in man did
not mean that all property was a crime, and that
men were entitled to receive out of the profits of
capital in proportion to their wants. As Macaulay
forcibly said: "Men are not apt to stop to reason
when they have had no breakfast and know not
where they shall get their dinner."
Calmly and distinctly I have endeavored to ex-
press my conviction of the importance of this
question, and the magnitude of the interests in-
volved. In this I have but eclioed the sentiment
of my State, as authoritatively expressed through
the resolutions of her General Assembly. The
utterance has not been the uncertain sound of
hostile parties or distracted counsels, but the clear,
intelligible, and unmistakable annunciation of
the solemn conviction of an undivided people.
If the contingency provided forin her resolutions,
which are but the readoption of what had been
the previous action of Georgia and Mississippi,
shall occur; if the issue shall come, I will not an-
ticipate her course; but, recognizing to its fullest
extent the right of secession, and owing to her
my allegiance and fealty, when she calls I will
respond; where she goes I will go; her people
shall be my people; and her destiny my destiny.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, it
was not originally my intention to have said any-
tiling on the question of the admission of Kansas
intothcUnion under theLecompton constitution.
I was aware that other gentlemen on this floor
were ready and anxious to occupy the field of
debate; and I had made up my mind to perform
my duty by giving a silent vote. But represent-
ing, as I do in part, a State that has always kept
her Democratic banner flying, and never sup-
ported any other than Democratic candidates for
President and Vice President, it is pel haps incum-
bent on me, as the humblest of her Represent-
atives—certainly not amiss—that I should give
utterance to her voice in common with my col-
leagues. I have, sir, heard it said by members
of Congress favorable to receiving Kansas under
the constitution which has been presented, that
Illinois led off in opposition to it; and if it had
not been for her, they would have had no trouble
in consummating their wishes. If this statement
is true, it is certainly a compliment to thatgallant
State of which she may well feel proud. That her
unfettcied and feailess Democrauc press, number-
ing some fifty-four, moved forward simultane-
ously and in solid column in hostility to it, before
the meeting of Congress, and as soon as they were
aware the monster was born, is undeniably true;
that her people, with scarcely an exception, and
her delegation in Congress, are fixed and unal-
terably opposed to it, is no matter of doubt; but,
sir, they only claim they are contributing equally
with others ill defeating a measure which pro-
poses to subvert a fundamental principle of self-
government; and they a&k no more credit for
themselves than they are willing to extend to those
who stand shoulder to shoulder with them.
It is not to be denied, sir, that Illinois has a
Senator who has an intellectual capacity equal to
any emergency, and a patriotism coextensive with
the Republic; and when a great wrong was pro-
posed to be perpetrated on Kansas, he met it at
the threshold, and held it up to the withering
scorn and rebuke of the people. For this per-
formance of duty he has been denounced by the
extremists of the South, who only seem to calcu-
late present advantages without any reference to
future consequences, and the miserable swarm of
sycophants and dependants who crowd around
power for the crumbs which may fall from the
public table. " He lias gone over to the Black
Republicans," says one. " He is a traitor," adds
another. " He is a Burr, or an Arnold," chimes
in a third. " He has abandoned his principles,"
echoes a fourth. And these groundless accusa-
tions seem to be rolled as sweet morsels under the
tongues of our southern friends. What, sir, call
