1906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April BO,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stailworth, Stephens,
Stevenson, Talbot, Trippe, Ward, Watkins, White, White-
ley, Winslow,Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus E. Wright,
John V. Wright,and Zollicoffer—-U2. -
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Bonham, Brayton, Baffin-
ton, IJurlingame, Burroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee,
Chapman, Ezra Clark, Horace P. (Jlark, Clawson, Clark
B. Cochrane, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Curtis,
Damrell, Davis of Maryland, I)avi3 of Indiana, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Durfec, Bdie, Farnsworth, Fenton, Foster, Giddings, Gil-
man, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haskin,
Hickman, Hoard, Howard, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore,
Knapp, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, MeKibbin, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Morgan, Edward Joy Mor-
ris, Isaac N. Morris, Pree.man H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse,
Mott, Murray, Nichols, Oiin, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike,
Potter, Pottle, Quitman, Rieaud, Ritchie,Robbins, Iloberts,
Royce, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman,
RobertSmitli,Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan,
Thayer, Tompkins, Underwood, Wade, Walbridge, Wal-
dron, Walton, Eilihu B. Wasliburne, Israel Washburn,
and Wilson—103.
So the report was agreed to.
Pending the call of the yeas and nays,
Mr.. FAULKNER, when his name was called,
said he regretted he could not east his vote in the
affirmative. He had paired off with Mr. Morrill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, stated that Mr.
Stewart, of Maryland, had paired off with Mr.
Thompson.
Mr. BOWIE said; Mr. Speaker, is my name
recorded ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's name is re-
corded in the affirmative.
Mr. BOWIE. Mr. Speaker, we are told that
Rome was once saved by the gabbling of geese:
our glorious country is now saved by the babbling
of—statesmen. [Laughter, and calls to order.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of New Y ork, said he regretted
exceedingly that his pair with the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Wood,} prevented him from voting
in the affirmative.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Kunkel, of Pennsylvania,
or he should have voted for the bill.
Mr. NICHOLS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Horton, had paired off for the day with Mr.
Hill.
Mr. GROW stated that Mr. Montgomery had
paired off with Mr. Warren.
Mr. RITCHIE stated that Mr. Purviance had
paired of with Mr. Dimmick.
Mr. BISHOP stated that his colleague, Mr.
Arnold, had paired off with Mr. Wasuborn, of
Wisconsin.
Mr. BRYAN said: Because the South votes
" ay," I vote " ay."
The vote having been announced,
Mr. ENGLISH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of confer-
once was agreed to, and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table. %
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois, called for the
yeas and nays on the latter motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his call for the yeas and nays. The bat-
tle is over.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
withdraw the demand. The battle is not over. I
will fight it out to the last.
Mr. MORGAN. If the gentleman does with-
draw the demand, I will renew it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alii, Andeison, Atkins, Avejy, Baiks-
dale, Bishop, i'ocoek, Bonham, Bowie, Bo\ce, Bianeh,
Bryan. Burnett, Burns, Caruthers, Caskie, John B. Claik,
Clay, Clemens, Chnginan, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cock-
crill, Coming, Cox, James Ciaig, Burton Ciaige, Crawloul,
Curry, Davidson, Dewart, Duwdell, LdtnuiuLon, Elliott,
English, Eusiis, Florence, Foley, Garnetr, Carrie!!, Gilh^,
Gilmer, Goode, Greenwood, Giegu, Groesbeck. Lawrence
W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, Houston,
Ilujlei, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J.
Gianey lone--. Owen Jones, Kent, Ke!!y, Jacob M. Kunke).
Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher. Maclav, .Me-
Queen, Mason, Maynard,'Miles, Miller, Million, Mooie,
Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Quit-
man, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Ruffin, lltw-ell, Sr'amhdge,
Savage, Scales, Scott, Searing, Seward, Henry M. ShaV,
Shortei, Sickles, Singleton, William Smith, Sullwoith,
Stephens, Stevenson, Talbot, Trippe, Waid, Walking
White. Wlnteley, Wiaslow, Woodson, Woitenrtvke, Au-
gustus R. Wught, John V. Wnght, and Zolhcolle'r—113.
NAYS—MAbbott, Adrain, Arnold, Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bhas, Brayton, Buffinton, Bur-
lingame, Butroughs, Campbell, Case, Chaffee, Chapman,
flzra Clark, Horace F. Clark, Clawson, Clark B. Cochrane,
Colfax, Comins, Co\ode, Crngin, Curtis, Danire!!, Davis of
Maryland, Davis oflndiaaa, DavrjOfMiiachujcu.-, Daws
of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Farns-
worth, Penton, Foster, Giddings, Gitman, Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger,Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Moirison Harris,
Thomas L. Harris, Haskin, Hickman, Hoard, Howard, Kel-
logg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy, Me-
Kibbin, Samuel S. Marshall, Morgan, Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morris,Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott,
Murray, Ntehols, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Rieaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Royce, Aaron
Shaw, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Robert Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thaver,
Tompkins, Underwood, Wade,Walbndge, Waldron, Wal-
ton, Eilihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, and Wilson—
100.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Pending the call of the roll, Mr. Marshall, of
Kentucky, stated that he had paired off with Mr.
Smith, of Tennessee.
Mr. BONIIAM said: Upon reflection, I think
I have not given the vote I should have given.
As this bill cannot be amended if the vote is
reconsidered, I change my vote and vote in the
affirmative.
TARIFF COMMITTEE.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, which will occupy the House but a moment.
The select committee appointed to investigate the
expenditure of money to procure the passage of
the tariff of 1857, have instructed me to offer the
following resolution :
Resolved, That tile select committee appointed to investi-
gate the expenditure of money to procure the passage of the
tantf of 1857, have power to authorize any two members of
said committee to take the testimony of any witness, who,
by reason of sickness or any other cause, cannot be brought
before said committee, at such time and place as the mem-
bers so authorized may deem expedient; and that they have
leave to ait, during the sittings of the House.
I desire to say to the House that a witness,
whose testimony is deemed very material by the
committee, cannot be brought on to Washington.
It is not desirable that the whole committee should
be compelled to travel any considerable distance
to take testimony. The committee, therefore,
thought it would relieve them from all difficulty
if the House would authorize them to detail two
of their number to proceed and take the testi-
mony of this witness. That is all. I presume
there will be no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall object to that reso-
lution at present, unless I hear something more
about it. I do not understand it very well, but it
seems to be an invasion of, or a very marked de-
parture from, the proceedings of committees of
the House heretofore. 1 desire to know whether
the witness will not be able to be here before the
session closes ? It does seem to me that those in-
vestigating committees have already taken a very
wide range ill eliciting the truth on the subjects
they were authorized to investigate, and that if
this witness will be likely to be able to be here at
any time before the termination of the session it
will be infinitely better to wait, than to depai t from
the rules of the House.
There are two reasons why I think this resolu-
tion ought not to pass, unless the circumstances
are such as to leave us no discretion. In the first
place I object to giving committees permission to
travel all over the country; and then again, in my
opinion, it is improper that one or two members
of a committee shall be permitted to take testi-
mony which must be indorsed by the whole com-
mittee, and which the whole House is called upon
to indorse.
Mr. STANTON. The only effect of this res-
olution is to authorize two to make a quorum in-
stead of three, which the rules now require. As
I understand it, that is the only change which it
makes in that particular.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken
in this. It is a departure in another very mate-
rial point. The committees of all descriptions of
this House, have their regular place of meeting.
This resolution authorizes this committee instead
of meeting in their room, to meet in New York,
New Orleans, San Franyisco, or any other point;
for when you once depart from the rule, a major-
ity of the committee may authorize a minority to
go all over the country.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Ohio a single question. I wish to know
whether this resolution meets the concurrence of
the entire committee ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly; it is reported with
the unanimous consent of the committee. I wish
to say that the witness whose testimony it is de-
sired should be taken ia in Philadelphia, and that
two members of the committee will only be absent
for two days from the sessions of the House. That
is the extent of the power sought to be conferred
upon the committee by this resolution. The com-
mittee regard the testimony as exceedingly im-
portant. We have delayed to close the report for
a considerable time, for several weeks, waiting
for the testimony of this single witness. It is not
probable that he can be brought here during the
session, on account of the state of his health. We
do not believe the facts can be developed satisfac-
torily without this testimony. The gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Moore,] and myself shall,
to-morrow, proceed to Philadelphia, if the House
gives authority. I call the previous question upon
the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to call the attention of the House, for a few
moments, to the subject of the misunderstanding,
which we all regretted to observe this morning,
between my friend and colleague from New York,
[Mr. Haskin,] and my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Cox.] I am the personal friend of both of these
gentlemen, and I have sympathized with both
from the time that this unfortunate Kansas entan-
glement arose. At this hour each has my entire
confidence; and no one, sir, has regretted more
than I have that any such misunderstanding should
have arisen.
I have been present atapersonal interview be-
tween these gentlemen; and I desire to inform
the House, in whoso presence their unfriendly
controversy took place, that my colleague was
actuated in what he said by reflections, not unnat-
ural, but nevertheless, in my opinion, unwarrant-
able. My colleague felt irritated, because he had
supposed that, in the remarks which my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Cox] made yesterday, when aban-
doning his recent associates, that he had taken
occasion to send back a Parthian arrow into the
camp from which my colleague supposed that he
had fled. But, sir, an explanation has taken
place; and, on referring to the remarks made by
the gentleman from Ohio, they do him, in my
judgment signal honor; and the critical examina-
tion of them has removed from the mind of my
colleague all suspicion'that the abandonment by
my fuend from Ohio of the platform upon which,
but a few days since, he, my colleague from New
York, and myself stood, was influenced by any
improper motive. I believe it is an abandonment
that has resulted from principle; and that there-
fore the path which he followed was the path of
duty and the path of honor. I am instructed by
my friend and colleague [Mr. Haskin] to say
that he withdraws any imputation upon the per-
sonal integrity of my friend from Ohio; and I am
authorized by the honorable gentleman from Ohio
to say that he cheerfully accepts the explanation
which I have risen to make.
Mr. NICHOLS. This Kansas question is dis-
posed of, and heretofore, I think, it has been cus-
tomary, after a great excitement, to have a calm;
therefore I move that when the House adjourns
it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. All!, Anderson, Bennett, Bishop, Blair,
Bonhaiii, Bowie, Boyce, Bryan, Bum*, Buiroughs, Ca-
lutheis, Caskie, Ezra Claik. Horace F. Claik, John B.
Ciatk, Clay, Ciemens, Clark B. Cochiane, John Coenrane,
Coeketiil, James Craig, Burion Craige, Crawfoid. Davis of
Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dean, Dick, Dowileil, Eriic, Bd-
lnundson,Elliott, East's, Fenton, Floienee,Gartrell,Goode,
Cioesbeek. Lawrence W.I!a!i. Haskin, Haw kins, Hughes,
Km!!. KelIog<r, Jacob M Kunkel, Lamar, Leidy, Letcher,
MeKihbm, McQueen, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Miles,
Mott, Niblaek, Nichols, Ohn, Phelps, Powell, Quitman,
Reagan, Reilly, RufFm, Russell, Scaling, Aaion Shaw, Jud-
son VV. Sheiman, tickles, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Spinner, Stailworth, Stevenson, William
Stewair, Talbot, Miles Taylor, White, Wlnteley, Augustus
R. Wriiht, and Zotlicoller—St.
NAY^3—Messrs Abbott, Andrews, Bingham, Bliss, Bo-
eock, Bianch, Biayton, Bulhiltnn, Burlingame, Burnett,
Case, Chaffee, dawson, Cobb. Colfax, Comins, Covode,
Cox, Ciagiu, Curtis, Damrell, Davis of jYIaafeacbu&ctts, De-
