1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3907
wart, Dodd, Faulkner, Foley, Foster, Garnett, Giddings,
Gilrnan, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Xtobert B. Flail, Har-
lan, Thomas L. Harris, Ilickman, Houston, Howaid, George
W. Jones, J. GJancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Ivclsey,
Kilgore, Knapp, Lcach, Leiter, Lovcjoy, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, MiUsv)ii, Moigan, Edwatd Joy Morris, Freeman H.
Moise, Peyton, Ready. Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts,
Roycc, Samhdge, Pealbs, Henry M. Shaw, John Sheiman,
Stanton, Tappan, Tompkins, Wade, Walbru'ge, Waldion,
Walton, Eihhu B. Washburne, and Israel Washburn—74.
So the motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE,
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Hickey, their Chief Clerk, notifying the
House that that body had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses oil the Kansas bill.
MINNESOTA CENSUS EXPENSES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Inteiior,
transmitting a statement of the expenses of taking
the ccnsus of Minnesota Territory; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. FLORENCE,
the House (at half past three o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned.  
IN SENATE.
Monday, J\lcy 3,1853.
Prayer by Rev. C. II. Hall.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Mat-
thew Flausburgh, a soldier in the war of the Revo-
lution, praying for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HALE presented apetitionof JosephHum-
phries, praying that the Secretary of the Navy
may be authorized to test his patent "floating
anchor or drag," for vessels to lide by in heavy
gales of wind at sea, with a view to its adoption
in the Navy; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of John Beeson,
praying for a warrant for lands on which he had
settled m Oregon?and from which he was driven;
and also indemnity for losses resulting from the
same; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES,
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the memorial of James
McCutcheon, praying for an increase of his pen-
sion, reported adversely thereon, and asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agree d to.
Mr. TRUM BULL, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent OlKce, to whom was referred
the memorial of M. C. Gritzner, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 308) for his
relief. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr/EVANS, from the Committee to Auditand
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, to
whom was referred the resolution by Mr. Foot,
on the 26th of January last, in relation to the com-
pensation of the first or principal messenger in the
office of the Secretary of the Senate, reported it,
with an amendment,
Mr.lVERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Samuel H.
Taylor, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 306) for the relief of Samuel H. Taylor.
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading;
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred the re-
port of the Secretary of the Navy, in answer to
a resolution of the Senate for information in re-
lation to the publication of the results of the Uni-
ted Statesnavalexploring expedition to the North
Pacific ocean and China seas, an.d also of the re-
sults of the United States naval expedition to the
La Plata river, reported in favor of printing the
same; and the report was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE IN IOWA.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Iowa, asking Congress
to divert the grant of land heretofore made to that
State for public buildings, to an agricultural col-
lege, have instructed me to report a joint resolu-
tion to accomplish that object; and as I suppose
there will be no objection to its passage, I askfor
its consideration now.
The joint resolution (S. No. 39) removing the
restrictions upon a certain grant of five sections of
land to the State of Iowa, was read, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. As the State of
Iowa is desirous of diverting the five sections of
land granted by Congress to that State for complet-
ing its public buildings to other purposes, the capi-
tal of that State having been changed since the grant
of the five sections of land was made, the joint
resolution proposes to rescind the restriction im-
posed by the third subdivision of the sixth section
of the act granting the land, and to release to the
State of Iowa all the right, title, and interest of the
United States, in and to those sections of land.
It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. PUG-H gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to authorize the circuit
and district courts to provide for the service of
process whenever a vacancy exists in the office
of marshal of the United States.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. KENNEDY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
304) to establish aline of mail steamships between
ccrtain ports in the United Stales and Great Brit-
ain; which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. BRIGHT asked, and by unanimous con
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No
305) to complete the construction of military
roads in the Territory of Washington; which was
read twicc by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous con-
| sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
307) to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to sell the old custom-house and site, in Bath,
Maine, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
PURCHASE OF LIME POINT.
Mr. BRODERICIC submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Societary of War be, and is hcieby,
requested to inform the Senate what coniiaet.j, if any, have
been enteicd into by the Department for the pmcha&e of
Lime Point, m California, t'oi mihtajy purposes.
CALIFORNIA WAR CLAIMS.
Mr. CW1N submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs and
Mihlia be, and they aio hen bv, instiuctcd to inquire into
the expediency of ptovulmii by law lot the payment officii
claims agim-l the Uinied'rfi.ih;?. as have bemi f.ivo.nbl)
lepoih'd. upon by the bo;ud of Army ofl'ieoi^, (appointed
midei the sixth section ot the aet appi oved August 31,183:2,)
ni their icpott to Congie&s dated Decembei o, J854.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, inform-
ing the Senate that the Speaker had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident.
An act (S. No. 36) to provide for the issuing,
service, and return, of original and final process
in the circuit and district courts of the United
States in ccrtain cases.
An act (S. No. 76) to incorporate Gonzaga Col-
lege, in the city of Washington and District of
Columbia.
An act (S. No. 97) to incorporate the Benevo-
lent Christian Association of Washington city.
An act (S. No. Ill) to alter the times of hold-
ing the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the district of Vermont.
An act (S. No. 161) for the admission of the
State of Kansas into the Union.
A joint resolution (S. No. 22) providing for
the payment of certain expenses of holding the
United States courts in the Territory of Utah; and
An act (H. R. No. 306) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1858.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire now to call up the
resolution I offered last week, directing the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report the bill referred to
them, making an appropriation for deepening the
channel over the St. Clair fiats, in the State of
Michigan.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the following resolution submitted by Mr.
Chandler on the 24th of April:
ilesoZoetf, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to report the bill heretofore referred to them, making an ap-
propriation for the completion of the channel over the St.
Clan flats in ihe State of Michigan, and that the appropri-
ation be reduced to $55,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not propose to dis-
cuss this proposition, but I should like to have a
vote upon it. I hold in my hand a report of the
engineer of the work, stating that he has now four
dredges and two tug-boats at work on the fiats,
and he estimates that $55,000 will finish the chan-
nel. The channel has stood much better than he
anticipated—in fact, is unimpaired; and this little
appropriation of $55,000 will complete the work.
I hope the Senate will allow this resolution to
come to a vote as a test question.
Mr. CLAY. I must object to the consideration
of the resolution at this time. The entire com-
mittee, with perhaps a single exception, is com-
mitted against making any appropriations for
works of internal improvement during this ses-
sion, unless they be indispensable for the preser-
vation of works already constructed to prevent
their decay and destruction; and hence the reso-
lution must lead to debate. I certainly shall re-
sist any such instruction to the committee. I trust
however, it will be laid over until another day.
Indeed, I have a right to object to its considera-
tion now.
Mr. CHANDLER. It has been objected to
once.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is now under consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The chair will
inform the Senator from Alabama that the reso-
lution is now before the body by a vote of the
Senate. It has not been offered to-day: it was
offered on a previous occasion.
Mr. CLAY. Then I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, as I do not wish to invoke any
discussion now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Tho vote on that will bo
just as satisfactory as a test question. On that
motion, therefore, I call for the yeas and nays. I
desire this to be a test vote on the appropriation.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to say that the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. Wilson-)
has been called home for a day or two, and has
paired off with the honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana, (Mr. Benjamin.) I was made an umpire
to decide what should be party questions between
the two gentlemen. I think I shall decide that
they have paired off on this question.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 20,
nays 21, as follows:
YEA?*—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bigc-s, Bigler, Clay,
Evans, I'ltzpamek, Gioen, Hammond, Houston, Hunter,
] vorson, John'-on of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Ken-
nedy, Mason, Pu<*h, Sebastian, Slidell. and Toombs—20.
N\Ytf—Messrs. Bell, Bught, Broderjck, Chandler, Col-
lamer, Crittenden, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot, Fobtei,
(jfwin, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Jones, King, Polk, Seward,
{Simmons?, Stuart, and Trumbull—21.
So the motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
Mr. CLAY. I call for the reading of the reso-
lution.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hold in my hand a letter
from the engineer in charge of the w ork, in which
he says.
" The work upon St. Clair flats has been recommenced ;
and I am happy to mfoim you that jnv examinations prove
that the cut made labt year lemams constant. It has not
| filled up as> many piedicted.
j Three dredges and one tug are now at work widening
! the cut. 1 e.\pect another diedge and another tug from
} Buffalo fortius vvosk m afewdays. With these four dredges
I and two ^team tug?, the remnant of the last appropriation
i will soon be used up. Theiefore I have considerable anx-
1 letyin relation to the addition for which Congress has been
as-ked. Upon the fate of that bill depends the question of
success.*'
