1858.
"THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
arately, and never come together hy any law.
That Senate being comparatively the minority of
the whole body of electors as they are called here,
can defeat the majority all the time. Massachusetts
is in the same condition, and so is New Hamp-
shire. That is their standing law. I have not
looked through the provisions in all the States; I
know that the new States have taken a somewhat
different course, and how many of the old ones I
know not; butelear it is, that, from the beginning,
that has been tiie practical construction put on the
Constitution by the States that made it. The
three States I have mentioned were three of the
old thirteen, and from the beginning, under the
Constitution, they have always had and preserved
the right of theirSenate and House of Represent-
atives to vote separately in the election of a Sen-
ator to Congress.
Mr. PUGH. It was not the original practice
in Massachusetts, as I have shown.
Mr. COLLAMER. What you have shown is
a provision of their old constitution for sending
delegates to Congiess under the Ai tides of Con-
federation.
Mr. PUGH. That remained in force thirty
years after the Constitution of the United State's
was adopted.
Mr. COLLAMER. I know their constitution
did; but, if the gentleman will look to their regu-
lations and laws made under the United States
Constitution for the election of Senators, he will
find that they have always had thenrjust the same
way as now.
Mr. PUG1I. Can the Senator show that to
me ?
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the practice and
the law in Massachusetts. I have known it to be
so for forty years. It is so in New Hampshire
and Connecticut—States in my own neighbor-
hood. Mine is a new State: it did not help to
make the Constitution, and is not a guide on this ;
point; but these three States have had uniform I
practice from the beginning. I have always, sup- '
posed that each State, under the power given to
its Legislature to regulate the tune, manner, and
place of the election, had unlimited power in these
respects. If the States have not unlimited power,
their authority is to be limited certainly in some |
such way as the Senator suggests; and they must i
only exercise their power; so that, after ail, a !
majority of the electors must govern. j
Mr. PUGH. Not at all. The same clause that <
refers to the election of Senators includes the elec-
tion of Representatives; and some of the States
allow a plurality to elect Representatives, and
others require a majority. I acknowledge that
the method may be changed; but I say that was
the established aud understood method. It may
be changed by legislation.
Mr. COLLAMER. f do not know that I ap-
prehend thegentleman'sargumentnow. I thought
I was giving full force to his argument; I meant
to do it with all candor.
Mr. PUGH. I do not deny that; but I think
the Senator misunderstood me. I expressly said
that I did not deny the right of the States to change
it, but that that was the method established and
understood at the time—the common law of the
case.
Mr. COLLAMER. That argument is attempted
to be derived from the collating of the constitu-
tions in relation to the choice of delegates to the
Congress of tlie Confederation.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. You cannot get at it in that
way. I have just disposed of that ground. I say
that when our Constitution framed the new sys-
tem of government, it had nothing in the world to
uo with that. Whetherall the States which had
a method pointed out for choosing delegates to the
old Congress pursued the same method of choos-
ing Senators, I do not know; but under the new
Constitution they made their own regulations in
their own wav, and they have pieserved them in i
the States with which I have been acquainted— j
the older States—to this day, and they have done j
U in such manner as to show that the hypothesis j
that the majority of the members of the two '
Houses of the Legislature should and must have
the right to make an election at all events is un-
founded and untrue. If that hypothesis be true,
some of the old States that helped to make the
Constitution have been mistaken from the begin-
ning, and their whole operations have been wrong
from the foundation of the Government, because
they allow a minority to defeat a majority of the
two Houses in making an election. I am aware
that a man is not a-very good judge of his own
arguments, but I think I have now entirely and
utterly prostrated the whole argument on the other
side, and I have shown that it is a hypothesis, an
assumption which is utterly unfounded.
^ Again, Mr. President, much is said on the point
that the election of a Senator is not an act of le-
gislation. I do not view the choice of a member
of the Senate of the United States by a State Le-
gislature as an act of legislation at ali. I know
that view is attempted to be thrust on the side
with which my opinion is in this case. 1 do not
know but that some gentlemen may entertain that
view. I do not It is not an act of legislation; it
is an act of election; but I say that, under the pro-
vision of the Constitution, that the election shall
be made in a manner and at a place and time pre-
scribed by the Legislature; it requires an act of
legislation to prescribe the time, place, and man-
ner. The Senator from Ohio, I am sure, is too
good a lawyer to say that he does not apprehend
that distinction.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator mean^to say
that that must be done by an act?
Mr. COLLAMER. I say it must be done by
some action that is an act of the Legislature.
Mr. PUGH. Suppose there is no law?
Mr. COLLAMER. I am not talking of any
law,
Mr. PUGH. Suppose there is no joint resolu-
tion ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Then you cannot make
an election.
Mr. PUGH. Then the Senator had better ex-
pel my colleague and myself.
Mr. "WADE. The Ohio Legislature elects by
joint resolution, agreeing to go into election on a
given day.
Mr. PUGH. But no manner is prescribed.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Constitution says that
the prescription of the time, place, and manner,
shall be made by the Legislature, and I say that it
requires an act of the Legislature, and if the Le-
gislature is composed of two bodies, it must be the
separate action of both of those bodies. 1 know
that a construction long continued, though not,
perhaps, of very gieat age, has settled that such
an act need not be passed upon by the Governor,
because the Constituaon requires the prescription
to be by the Legislature. Now, I undertake to
say that there never was a man who had a seat
in this body, who was elected to it, unless the
Legislature itself had prescribed the time and
place and manner of the election. I do not say
that that prescription must be a year old, or ten
years old, or ten minutes old; that is totally im-
material, if so be that it is done by the act of the j
Legislature, if each body has done it. The joint ;
resolution by which they agree to come jointly j
together may be passed five minutes before the !
election. When the bodies have passed a reso- J
lution of that kind, whether passed yeais before, ;
or a day before, or a month before, is immaterial; j
they then agree to come together, and they, by j
their own act, as sepaiate bodies of the Legisla- i
ture, agree that the Senator may be elected in ,
that way, and the smaller body give themselves J
up to the danger of being out-voted by the more i
numerous branch. Neither is if material whether j
they vote in separate Houses and count the votes ;
all together, or whether they ail meet in one body; j
so that what is done is by the consent of the two '
blanches, u is the act of the Legislature. That !
is to say, one Ijody cannot be out-voted by trie J
other without its consent, and that consent is the \
very thing that gives it force, hi those Slates j
where they have no law consenting to come to- j
gether, the Legislature may consent by joint res- '
olution winch would, perhaps, amount to a law. .
If they have a law presetibed beforehand, they ,
may conform to it or repeal it. What 1 am in-
sisting upon is, that the election must be made ,
pursuant to some act of the Legislature prescrib- j
mg it. |
There is one mode in which I think an election
might be made, perhaps, without going through |
the forms of that prescription. If each House;
should agree to ballot, and they should each bal- j
lot, and a majority of each body should vote for '
the same man, I think that man would he elected !
by the Legislature. There must be something, '
however, to show the act ofthe twobodigg which
compose the Legislature, if th. 1
bwlieve there is no State now that two
The election must be the act of the bodies-sepa-
rately or the act of the bodies jointly, by th,fe con-
sent of them severally. I need not repeat this
any more. It is perfectly clear, so far as I am.
capable of making it so.
Now, sir, the question is, is the election in this
case within any of these principles? "If lio^itjs
not a good election. Much is said about thers
having been a convention. Some States have
been so long accustomed to elections by the sepa-
rate bodies of the Legislature, that when yon talk
to their members about a convention of- the Le-
gislature, they hardly understand what it means.
Talk to a man from Connecticut, or New Hamp-
shire, or Massachusetts, about ajoint convention
to elect a Senator, and he never saw one; he may
have read of it somewhere; but he never saw an
exemplification of such a practice, and he does
not know what it is. Such a convention may,
however, take place wherever the two Houses of
the Legislature consent to it; not otherwise. It
is said that in this case there was a convention;
and I cannot but remark that the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana goes over the point again and
again about there having been a convention.
Why, sir, what was it, and what was it for? The
constitution*of the State of Indiana provides that
the votesof the people for Governorshal! be trans-
mitted to the capitol, and delivered to the Speaker
of their House of Representatives, who shall on
a certain day open them, not naming any partic-
ular day; but of course it must be a day before
the Governor takes his office. The language of
the constitution is:
The returns of every election for Governor and Lieu-
tenant Governor shall be sealed up and transmuted to the
seat of government, dnected to the Speaker of the House of
Representatives:, who shall open ami publish them in the
presence of both Houses of the General Assembly ; and the
person having the highest number of votes forGo'vernor and
Lieutenant Governor, shaii be elected : but in case two or
more peisrms shall have an equal number, and the highest
number of votes for either office, then the General Assem-
bly shall, by joint vote, foithwuh proceed to elect one of
such peiaous Governor or Lieutenant Governor, as the ease
may bc.:'
Does that make a convention ? The word is not
used at all. It makes no convention for any pur-
pose—certainly not by name. It provides that
the Speaker of the House of Representatives is to
open and count the votes for Governor in the pres-
ence of the two Houses of the Legislature. Does
that require the action ot the two bodies? Neither
of them. To be sure, he should, of course, give
them notice that he will count the votes at such a
time, and at such a place, that they may be there
for the purpose of witnessing it. He did it; and
the House undertook to get up a resolution with
the Senate to agree upon aconvention for the pur-
pose of counting the votes. It got over to the Sen-
ate; and the Senate, believing that the intention
was to push it further than the constitutional pur-
pose, sought to qualify it by providing that'no
other business should be done than to see the
counting of the votes. While they were at work
upon that, the Speaker wanted to count the votes
—I suppose the time had come; aud he sent to the
Senate an invitation to attend; he sent it to their
presiding officer, who was the Governor elect.
That officer got up and told the Senate that he was
going to the hall of the House to see the counting
of the votes. He went over, and a number of
the Senators went with him—I think twenty-six
in all; three of the twenty-six saying that they
had no participation in it, but merely went to see
what was done. I do not know that anybody
went there for anything els?1, honestly. It will
be observed that no action was required of this
body, except in one contingency: and that was,
in case it should chance to happen tint two men
should be voted for for Governor who should
have an equal number of votes—a contingency
that probably would not happen in a State so
large as Indiana once in a hundred thousand
years. I believe they cast more than two hun-
dred thousand votes; and, according to the rule
of chances, it could not happen oftenei than once
m sevttial thousand years that two men would g< t
the same number of votes. Such a possible con -
tingeney was provided for. What then5 They
should proceed, by a vote of the two Houses,
which were supposed to be present on the occa-
sion, to moke an election between those two per-
