1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
winds, and look at the great question of right.
They will tell you, if you had a legal advantage
—which I do not admit—you should not have
used it to the oppression of a distant people. It
will be idle to say that other constitutions were
not submitted to a popular vote admitting its
truth where there was no controversy or differ-
ence of opinion in regard to them. They will tell
you it is right when a difference does exist, and,
I may add, in all cases, and that neither a con-
stitutional convention or Congress should violate
this sacred right, which is inborn and inbred in
the people, and is the essence of popular govern-
ment. The President tersely and eloquently re-
marks, in his annual message:
" I trust, however, the example set by the last Congte^s,
requiung that the constitution of Minnesota'should be sub-
ject to the approval and 1 allocation of the people of the pro-
posed State," may be followed on future occasions. I took
Hfor granted that the convention of Kansas would art m
accordance with this example, founded, as it is, on correct
principles; andhencc my instructions to Governoi Walker,
in favor of submitting the constitution to the people, were
expressed in general and unqualified terms."
Here, the President tells the country that his
instructions in favor of submitting the constitu-
tion to the people " were expressed in unqualified
terms,''and no one, in reality, had any other
expectation than it would be done in compliance
with the Kansas bill and the Cincinnati platform;
but it was not done. If the principle avowed is
correct, why not make it of universal application ?
Why should Kansas be an exception to the gen-
eral rule? To exclude that Territory from its
benefit would be to adopt a system of partial le-
gislation, and prescribe one rule for it and another
for another Territory. Would this be carrying
out the principle of equality among the States?
]No, sir; it would be a mockery4of the very forms
of justice. Admit that wrongs and outrages have
been committed there—and I have no question but
they have been by free-State and pro-slavery
men—is that any excuse why we should lend our
lid to strike down the popular will? Two wrongs
never made a right; and such an argument is as
unsound as its morality is rotten. If we are seek-
ing to know the popular wish let us look at the
facts. There is no question of our right to go be-
hind what is claimed to be the record to ascertain
them. Suppose, to reverse the Kansas case, that
the free-State men had a majority, and that, by a
speciesof fraudandledgerdemain, or by the pro-
slavery men remaining from the polls, upon the
supposition they would not have a fair chance, or
from any other cause, the fiee-State men had got
the Legislature, and the convention—made a free-
State constitution and refused to submit it to a
vote of the people. Suppose, further, that after-
wards the pro-slavery men had rallied, carried the
Legislature, called another convention to express
their wishes, and protested, before Congress, that
the constitution, presented by the free-State men,
was not a fair embodiment of the public voice, and
they asked us to delay action until another consti-
tution, recognizing slavery, could be presented:
what think you, Mr. Chairman, would be the tone
and feeling of the South ? If the North intimated
a refusal, such notes of indignation and violence,
such threats of dissolution of the Union and blood-
shed never rang through these Halls as would ring
then.
But now it is our bull that has gored their ox;
and with them, the case being altered, alters
the case. We know, sir, as a matter of public
record, that, counting all the votes, legal and
illegal, only 5,574 were given for the Lecompton
constitution with slavery, and 509 for it with-
out slavery, on the 21st of December last. We
know further; we know that on the 4th of Jan-
uary following, according to the proclamation
of Governor Denver, that 30,226 votes were cast
against the constitution—138 for it with slavery,
and 24 for it and against slavery; and yet, in the
face of these startling facts, we are asked to re-
ceive and baptize it, to give it the high sanction of
our approval, as the people can hereafter change
itl If they have a right to do it hereafter, why
not now ? If they can hereafter act without legal
forms, why have they not that right now ? If
the doctrine of popular sovereignty is recognized,
why is it not supreme at all times; and why do
you undertake to stifle or curb it? I imagine,
sir, it will be hard to give any reason for it, if the
view is correct that the people can change it. Sir,
southern statesmen are'not agreed on that point.
I have heard some of the ablest of them say they
did not believe the constitution could be changed
until after 3864, as one of its own provisions de-
clares it shall not be; and ift this they differ with
the President,and should, I suppose, be read out
of the Democratic party for it. The right of rev-
olution may exist, but that is a severe and dan-
gerous remedy, and has never, so far as my rec-
ollection now serves me, been resorted to in this
country but in one instance—that of Rhode Isl-
and; and in that case it was put down. The dec-
laration in the schedule, that the people have at
all times a right to alter their constitution, will be
construed as meaning they have a right to do it
in conformity to its provisions. They will be
told,as they are now by the Lecomptonites, that,
having surrendered to a delegated body the right
and power to speak for them, they have no right
or power to speak for themselves except through
their legally constituted agents, or except in the
manner provided in the constitution. And how
are they to speak? As members of the Council
and House of Representatives, before they can
act or enter upon their duties, they.must take an
oath to support the constitution. That constitu-
tion provides they shall notdo anything to change
or alter it until after 1864, and then only by a two-
thirds vote of both branches of the Legislature;
and, if they do it, they are perjured men. Is it,
then, expedient or wise, when we can prevent it,
to plc.ce a local or State government in a condition
where a people have to resort to revolution to get
rid of it? It does seem the question only need
to be asked to be answered. Controversies in
courts would grow out of the act that would not
be settled in your day or mine; and they could
not be localized; and the political contest would
be fierce and bloody.
Mr. Chairman, another argument in favor of
the admission of Kansas now, is that it is neces-
sary to keep up a Senatorial equilibrium between
the free and slave States. I had supposed that
the faintest hope of such a thing had long since
been abandoned. You might as well undertake
to poise a beam upon a pivot with three million
pounds on one end and nothing on the other. A
few facts will illustrate this. At the contusion
of peace, in 1783, (I quote from a speech of a dis-
tinguished southern Senator,) there was only
164,081 square miles of territory north, and 647,202
square milesof temtorysouth,of Mason and Dix-
on's line. Of course the South then had the great
bulk of the population. Now there is 882,245
squaie miles of slave, and 1,903,204 square miles
of free territory, showing that while slave terri-
tory has increased less than fifty per cent., free
territory has increased nearly eleven hundred
per cent. At the last census, the population
of the free States was 13,434,788; of the slave
States, 6,412,508; slaves, 3,200,412; Territories,
340,274; showing the fact that the population
in the free States is more than double greater
than the white population of the slave States.
But this is not all. In 1811, the free States had 93
Representatives in Congress; in 1822, 323; m
1831,141; in 1842,135; and in 3852,144. During
the same periods, the slave States had a repre-
sentation of 78, 79, 99, 87, and 90; difference in
favor of the free States, 15, 35, 42, 48, and 54;
and after the next census that difference will be
more strongly marked. During the greater part
of this time, the Government has been in the pos-
session of, and controlled by, the slave States. At
its organization, there was only one free, while
there were twelve slave States; and we now have
sixteen free and fifteen slave States. The slave
States had all the advantages of a start, and why
have they fallen so far behind, and are they des-
tined to fall still further? It has not, sir, resulted
from the action of Congress. No State has ever
been kept out of the Union because her constitu-
tion recognized slavery; and no serious effort was
ever made to keep one out, except Missouri. No
restrictive line was ever run between freedom and
slavery except the Missouri compromise line, and
no one is silly enough to believe that that line
made Iowa and Minnesota free territory
We must, then, Mr. Chairman, find some other
reason than the legislation of Congress for the free
States so rapidly outstripping the slave States in
prosperity and numerical strength. Where wiil
it be found ? The answer is in the operation of
laws natural, moral,and physical; and until you
can icverse their operation no different result will
be produced. In reply to this argument of the
South, in his great compromise speech of 1850,
that man of matchless power and eloquence, Mr.
Clay—whose voice has so often resounded through
the old Halls of Congress, enchaining and delight-
ing his auditory; and it is only necessary for me
to quote his language to sustain fully the views I
have expressed on this point—remarked:
" I know it has been said, that with regard to the Tern-
tories, and especially has it been said with regard to Cali-
fornia, that noil legislation upon the partof Congress implies 1
tile same tiling as the exclusion of slavery. Thatweeaimot
help; that Congress is not responsible for. If nature has
pronounced the doom of slavery m these Territories; if she
lias declared by her immutable laws that slavery cannot and
shall not be intioduced there, who can you reproach but na-
ture and nature's God? Congress, you cannot. Congress
abstains; Congress i* passive ; Congress is non-acting, south
and north of the line, or rather intending no line. It leaves
the entire theater of the whole cession of these Territories
untouched by legislative enactments, either to exclude or
admit slavery,"
These noble sentiments of the departed states-
man should find a ready response in every beating
pulse. He shows the folly of Congress under-
taking to change the operation of the laws of na-
ture, and at the same time lays the corner-stone
of that policy which led to the adoption of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, transferring the question
of slavery, as well as all others of a domestic char-
acter, from Congress to the people of the Terri-
tories, and allowing them and each of them to
settle such questions for themselves—fairly and
in good faith, without being swindled by unprin-
cipled knaves, who might pledge before the elec-
tion, as did Calhoun and his confederates, to sub-
mit the constitution to the people for ratification
or rejection, and then, with shameless effrontery,
violate their promises. And yet, when we spealc
of these things here, we are gravely told we have
nothing to do with them; that that matter is be-
tween the delegates and their constituents. Sir,
the Lecompton constitution is nothing but a peti-
tion, asking that Kansas should be admitted into
the Union; and as honest men it is our duty (no
one doubts our right) to inquire into all the cir-
cumstances connected with it, and if it is found
fraudulent, reject it.
It is useless for gentlemen to tell us that we are
opposing it because it recognizes slavery. I am
satisfied that not one Democrat on this floor—I
am sure it is so with myself—would hesitate a
single moment to vote for the admission of Kan-
sas as a slave State, if it was the will of a majority
of her people to have it so; (hough I am free to
confess, that if I wore a citizen of Kansas, I would
be in favor of making it a free State; as I am not,
I recognize fully the right of the people there to do
as they may think best about it. Those who say
the question is, " Shall any more slave Stattes be
admitted into the Union?" seek to present a false
issue. That is not the point of controversy. The
real point is, will you admit Kansas under a con-
stitution which every one knows does not reflect
the popular will—a constitution against which an
overwhelming majority of the people who are to
be governed by it are protesting in the most earn-
est manner? This is what we are called on to
decide, and not whether we will admit a slave or
a free State; and it is idle—it is worse than idle,
it is ridiculous—to endeavor to make the people
believe anything else. You cannot throw dust
in their eyes, and blind them-. They will draw a
line of separation, broad and distinct, between the
great principle of self-government involved, and
a mere shift, a merij evasion of the issue. There
is no man, Mr. Chairman, in this House, who
will go further than myself to protect the South
in all her constitutional rights; but it is not one
of those rights to trample in the dust the sover-
eign power—the people—of a Territory. If we
yield this as a southern right, the North may be
placed hereafter in a situation where she will
exact similar submission; and if she should be,
the South never would yield it.
The Lecompton constitution may pass; its
friends tell us it will; but if it does, evil conse-
quences will follow it. I know that just now tho
South has the power everywhere but in this Hall,
and they claim it here; that just now they are the
zenith and the North the nadir; but perpetrate
the outrage of admitting Kansas under the Le-
compton fraud,and atthe next election the scep-
ter will have departed from Judah never more to
return.
The gentleman fiom Virginia who bp eloquently
