1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1909
istration arc swelled up to an enormous extent,
so, in proportion, will the enemies of the Admin-
istration be able to find fault with it, and to bring
it into public odium and discredit before the
people.
Sir, I trust that this system will not be approved
by the Senate, but that we shall nip it in the "bud
at once; becausc, if this appropriation is to be
made, Icannot see why hundreds of others ought
not to be made, that certainly stand on as good a
foundation as this, I can understand no partic-
ular reason why this appropriation should be
made in preference to five hundred or a thousand
other projects calling on the public Treasury for
appropriations for improvements in the United
States. There is no reason why this work should
have particular preference over the others, and
why this extraordinary mode should be pursued,
(which, although parliamentary, is certainly un-
usual in the practice of this body, as I understand,)
of instructing a committee to bring in a bill con-
trary to the settled convictions of right of the com-
mittee. Let the committee make a general report
on this subject, stating the position which that j
committee assume of opposition to these appropri-
ations, and then let the question come up on gen-
eral principles and be decided by the Senate; but
letus not, m this mode, be making appropriations
for particular works. I trust that the resolution !
will not be passed; at any rate, I trust that the j
Senators on this side of the Chamber who are m ,
favor of the Administration, and desire to mam-!
tain it and the Democratic parly in this country, '
will put their feet on this proposition at the very j
outset, and stamp their disapprobation upon it. |
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not propo&o to go ,
into a discussion of this question at this time. I i
merely proposed to submit the icsolution as a test j
question, without discussion, and I had spoken
to several Senators on the other side who assented
to the proposition. I am perfectly willing*to ac-
cept the suggestion of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and leave the resolution one
simply instructing the committee to leport a bill
without stating the amount of the appropriation.
I will say, however, to the honorable Senator
from Georgia, that throughout the NorthwestMr.
Buchanan was pledged,from every stump mevery
northwestern State, as being in favor of this meas-
ure. Sir, it is no reason to be urged here that it
is not a Democratic measure. It is a Democratic
measure. My honorable predecessor [Mr. Cass]
introduced a bill here two years ago and canied
it through for this same purpose, and I now
merely ask a small addition to the uppiopriation
then made to finish the vvotk commenced by him.
It is eminently a Democratic measure. I do not
propose to discuss it now; but will accept the
proposition of the chairman, and hope that the
vote will be taken.
Mr. TOOMBS. If this resolution was only for
the purpose of getting the Committee on Com-
merce to report back this bill, and the others of
the same class which have been sent to them,
there could be no objection to that from any quar-
ter, for they have come to a conclusion on all of
them; and that conclusion, I presume, the com-
mittee are ready at any time to announce by a re-
port to this body. Upon taking tins subject into
consideration, with the well-known fact that the
revenues of the Governmental very much below
its ordinary expenditures upon the present basis, '
the committee, without reference to the question ;
of whether they were generally for or against 1
these improvements, without reference to then-
previous action or votes on this subject, deemed ;
it inexpedient to appropriate any money to tiie ;
commencement, at least, of new improvements, ;
and I think the question was reserved as to the ;
necessity of preserving existing works. ^ i
So far as I was myself concerned, 1 did not in- ,
tend then, and do not intend now, or at any time, |
to extend, enlarge, or protect any of them. My jj
objections to this system are well known to the
Senate and the country. But if, notwithstanding
the state of the Treasury, notwithstanding the
declaration that has been made again and again by
the friends of the internal improvement system in
both Houses of Congtess for fifteen years, that
they would not borrow money for the purpose of
carrying on these improvements, if, in spite of all
that, they intend to pass the St. Clair flats bill, of
course the next thing that will be asked, and, I
thmk, with a very great show of propriety, will
be an additional appropriation for the mouth of
the Mississippi, for the Ohio,for the St. Mary's,
for those five objects which were passed by the
last Congress—there were only five, I think—the
Patapsco river, St. Clair fiats, St. Mary's river,
the mouth of the Mississippi, and theDesMoines
rapids. The gentlemen of the committee who are
usually in favor of these appropriations for what
they choose to call national works, considered this
an inappropriate time, for the want of money. I
say this is inaugurating anew system; it is in-
augurating a system never claimed anywhere,
never claimed by the friends of it. It is an unde-
niable fact, which every Senator knows, that there
is no money in the Treasury to appropriate to in-
ternal improvements—there is hardly enough to
pay the ordinary expenses of the Government
which you are voting every day, and intend to
vote.
This movement presents to the country a new
question: whether or not it is sound policy that
we shall borrow money and go in debt for the
purpose of making internal improvements in the
United States. That is the question the Senate
are called upon to meet for the first time. Hith-
erto when these appropriations have been sus-
tained in both Houses of Congress, it has been
upon the declaration that there was a surplus in
the Treasury; that it was advantageous to put it
out: and that, when the Treasury was full, it was
right and expedient to use itfoi the puipose of
increasing the commi-icidl facilities of the United
States; but flic policy of borrowing money for
such purposes has but-n disavowed by all parties
at all times, as far .'is the observations of any pub-
lic man m cither House ever met my attention.
But now we are called upon to uolute that prin-
ciple, and go one step further. I thmk it is 1 ,ke!y
they will go there, for when public men are on a
wrong road there is no stopping them. Smooth
is the descent and easy the way to political cor-
ruption, as well as to hell,according to the poet's
account. I thmk it very likely that these were
pretexts merely, used when we had money; and
when we havo not money, no doubt they will put
out bonds to tens of millions or hundreds of mil-
lions, because it is a scheme of a great political
party in this country always to expend the public
money.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise for the purpose of mov-
ing to postpone all prior orders for the purpose of
taking up the Indian appropriation bill. The hour
of one o'clock has arrived, and I submit the mo-
tion to postpone all prior orders and take up that
appropriation bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
come to a vote on my resolution without further
discussion.
Mr. HUNTER. If 1 thought there would be
a vote without discussion, I should not be in the
way; but we know there will not be.
Mr. CHAjNDLEII. i am prepaied to discuss
this question, and desne to do so when the bill
comes before the Senate; but I do not wish to do
so now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to discuss
it, but I desiie to make a single remark in re-
sponse to what has fctlien ftom the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] before the vote is taken
—not by way of discussion. I wish simply to
observe 
Mr. BIGLER. I want to make a very few re-
marks.
Mr. HUNTER. It had better go over until
to-morrow.
Mr. CHANDLER. Why not postpone the
discuss'on until the bill comes before the Senate?
Mr. FESSENDEN. For the sake of haung
the vote tala-u, I will omit any remarks, even the
single one 1 desii'ed to make, if Senators on the
other side will forbear.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 can make the remaik I de-
sire in a minute. The simple principle on which
| act 
Mr. HUNTER. I must insist on my motion.
Mr. FE-SSENDEN. I only yielded on condi-
tion that there was to be no dubalc.
Mr. BIGLER. I yield.
Mr. HUNTER. I submit my motion to take
up the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 18, noes 21.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Michigan,
to strike out of the resolution the words " and
that the appropriation be reduced to $55,000.
Mr. BIGGS. As I understand, according^ to
the rules of the Senate, the hour of one having
arrived, the special order comes up, which super-
sedes this business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The hour of
one having arrived, the Senate cannot continue
the consideration of this subject any longer, un-
less by order of the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. I move to postpone the prior or-
! tiers, to continue this subject. Let us come to
i some conclusion upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall vote against that, for
we shall be certain to have a debate.
Mr. SEIDELL. I will renew the motion that
has been made to lay this resolution on the table.
The Senate is now fuller than it was when that
motion was made before. I call for the yeas and
j nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Mes-i?.. Allen, Buiijdmm, Bi-js, Killer, Blight,
Blown, Clay, Evan-. !zjutr;rk, Gieon. Hammond, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Iveison, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee, Mason, Sebastian, Slidell, and Toomhs—20.
NAYri—Mes-is. Bell, Urodouck, Chandler, Collamfr,
Crittenden, Dixon, Doohitle, Douglas, Duikee, Fessenden,
Foot,Foster, Hale, ilainhn, Uarlan, Jones, Kennedy, King,
Polk, Sevt-aid, Simmons, 'stuart, Trumbull, and
Wade—do.
So the motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
The. PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the hour of one o'clock having ar-
rived, the consideration of ting resolution cannot
be continued, unless by a vote of the Senate di-
recting it to be proceeded with.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the special
oidor !)e postponed.
Mr. PUGH. I submitted that motion before.
Mi. CLAY. I believe the special order is the
bill to repeal the fishing bounties.
The PRESIDENT jr,o temp on. That is the
first. There are several otheis, however.
Mr. CLAY. J hope that will be taken up.
Mr. PUG1I. I am in favor of the bill to repeal
the fishing; bounties, and I expect to vote for it;
but I wish to say one or two words in support of
my suggestion that we had better dispose of this
question at present. I voted first to lay this res-
olution on the table, supposing it disiespectful to
the Committee on Commerce, and I do not now
like its phraseology. The usual phraseology of
such resolutions, is to discharge the committee
from the consideration of the bill, and not to in-
struct them to report it; but since the chairman of
the committee, and others of its members, have
notified the Senate that they have come to a con-
clusion adverse to the bill, 1 see no disrespect to
them in havmgthe lull brought back by a vote of
the Senate discharging the committee.
Whether I shall vote for the biil or not, is more
than I am yet advised. I did vote for a former
bill for this object, and I voted for it on a very dis-
tinct statement from the Senators from Michigan,
that that was suflicient to complete the work.
When it was alleged on the other side, I recollect
very particularly, by the Senator from Alabama,
! that it would not complete the work, it was as-
; serted that it would. 1 was instructed by the Le-
! gislature of my State to vote for the appropriation
1 by name, and having no constitutional difficul-
! ties on the question, I obeyed the instruction with-
' out hesitation. If the Senatorfrom Michigan will
j modify his resolution, so as simply to discharge
! the committee from the further consideration of
the bill, I shall vote for it; and when the bill comes
before the Senate, if he can satisfy me that this
\ additional sum of money ought to be appropn-
! ated, I shall probably vote lor his bill.
It is suggested that we are to practice economy.
Since when? Since last Fiiday, when you appio-
! priated, as extra pay to clerks and icporters, more
1 money, I believe, than is mentioned m the bill.
\ Mr. TOOMBS. Eighty thousand dollars.
I Mr. PUGH. This new lit of economy has come
since Friday evening. I see no proposition to
reduce the enormous extravagance of the Army
or of the Navy, nor of anything else.^ We can
' even borrow money to carry on the Indian appi'o-
pnation bill that the Senator from Virginia wishes
to bring before us. Now, sir, I am for economy ;
; but I do not like all this economy to be practiced
I in one place. The most enormous expenses o.
