1910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
this Government to-day are its Army and its
Navy and I do not see the weight of a leather
laid to stop them. On the contrary, I see by the
papers that we are to have new ships built—I do
riot know how many; we are to go on. When
the Treasury was full, I believe but five improve-
ment bills were passed. When the Treasury is
empty, none are to pass! Now, I believe that,
to a limited extent—not to a universal extent—it
is as much the duty of this Government to protect
its commerce between the States as it is to take
care of the Indians; and if you cannot do it with-
out borrowing money, borrow it. That is my
position.
Mr. POLK. The question now is on postpon-
ing the special order, I believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir, to
postpone the special order and continue this sub-
ject.
Mr. POLK. I shall oppose that, though I am
very willing and anxious that we should have an
investigation of the merits of the appropriation
asked for the completion of the improvement of
the St. Clair flats; but I do not like the shape in
which the resolution offered by the Senator from
Michigan stands. Though I voted against laying ■
the resolution on the table, I did it with consider- i
able reluctance; because, with the Senator from j
Ohio, I do not like the shape in which it is put. ,
But I wish an opportunity to have this matter in- ,
vestigated before the Senate—saying at the same |
time, with the Senator from Ohio, that I desire to i
obtain the information which can be furnished,
and which it is alleged has been in part laid be-
fore the committee. I, for one, would not, in the
present condition of the Treasury, be willing to
vote money for any internal improvements, as
such; but if a work has been commenced, which
has progressed to a point where a few thousand
dollars would save the destruction of a large
amount already expended, and result in great
benefit to the country, I think it is the dictate of
good economy and prudence to make the appro-
priationjRind not let all that has been spent go to
waste, and then suffer under the inconvenience to
which the commerce of the country has been sub-
jected for years. I hope we shall go on with the
special order, and at the proper time we shall
take up the resolution of the Senator from Mich-
igan, modify it so that it may go before the com-
mittee without any disparagement of the commit-
tee, and yet in such a way that the question may
be fairly brought before the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire simply to say a
word in explanation of my present position on
this question. I have, myself, introduced several
bills for the improvement of rivers and harbors,
which I should be most anxious to see passed;
which I should support very earnestly were it not
for the condition of the Treasury.. We came to
examine this subject in the Committee on Com-
merce, which is not a Committee of Ways and
Means—we have no committee precisely answer-
ing to the proper Committee of Ways and Means j
which ought to exist, in my opinion, in our le- ,
gislative bodies, and which coinpaies the appro- j
priations with the resources of the Government;
but we make appropriations through different
committees, and then the Committee on Finance j
finds itself embarrassed by the condition of the
Treasury, in many instances rendering it impos-
sible for them, and the Secretary of the Treasury
has also told us rendering it impossible for him,
to carry out the votes we order, without regard
at all to the condition of the Treasury.
Now, we have, at this session, already passed
a bill for the issuing of twenty millions of Treas-
ury notes. It is a prevailing impression that a
public loan will be required. It cannot be ex-
pected that any of those internal improvements
which will require vast appropriations, can be
continued in that state of the public Treasury. I
therefore agreed in the Committee on Commerce
to go to this extent: that the committee would, in
consequence of this condition of the Treasury,
refrain from recommending the prosecution of any
works of internal improvements at the present ses-
sion; but at the same time it is the understanding
of the committee that, in all cases where small
appropriations would secure work aheady done,
aiid would really result m economy to the Gov-
ernment, we should make exceptions. Now, this
particular work may come within that class of
uisosj-it maybe one of those eases; it may be one
of those works which a small appropriation would j
perfect, and which it would be true economy,
therefore, to complete at the present time. I do
not know the precise condition of the present
work. If it be such a work, I should be prepared
to vote for it. We intended to obtain the neces-
sary information at the War Department, and re-
port a bill , according to my understanding of what
occurred in committee, to preserve and complete
such improvements as would go to destruction if
the work on them was not continued, but to re-
frain from all appropriations for the commence-
ment of new works, or the prosecution of works
which would not suffer by delay.
That is my position on the subject. I have not
changed my opinion as to the duty of the nation
in regard to the improvement of harbors and the
great navigable streams of the country; but I must_
have regard, in my votes on this subject, to the
condition of the Treasury. I think that condition
is such at present as makes it our duty to refrain
from large appropriations.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think it can be shown
in a very few moments, when the bill comes up,
that this is precisely one of those for which the
Senator from Louisiana will vote. It is a small
appropriation to complete a great work. I hope
the special order will be postponed, and that we
shall be allowed to come to a vote on this resolu-
tion without further discussion.
Mr. PUGH. I will state to the Senator from
Michigan, that if the Senator from Louisiana has
truly stated the position of the committee that
they intend to report such a bill as he has stated,
we had better let this resolution lie over, and wait
till we have their bill before us.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Louisiana
has made precisely the explanation which I de
sired to have made on this subject. We d,d de-
cide in committee that we would make no appro-
priations in favor of new improvements, that it
was bad policy to borrow money for the purpose
of improving rivers and harbors, but at the same
time the exception was distinctly made as to re-
pairs, and as to works where a small sum might
be necessary to complete them, in order to pro-
tect such works against serious and rapid dilap-
idation. I acted on that understanding.
Now, sir, the objection which I have to the res-
olution of the Senator from Michigan is this: take
as correct all that he says, this is a single item in
a class which it may be proper to protect, a class
of repairs or improvements which it may be ne-
cessary to make, and in reference to which, as I
understand it, the committee have not fully de-
cided. That, I suppose, we shall take up and
consider properly. If the Senator's resolution
were general to get the sense of the Senate on the
question of appropriations for repairs or such im-
provements as have been so far advanced that a
very small sum would complete them and protect
them against dilapidation, I should feel that no
fair objection could be made to such a resolution,
and I am satisfied the committee would act upon
it promptly, and if the Senator's improvement of
the St. Clair flats were in that class it would be
fanly considered; but I do think it a very unu-
sual proposition to select out a single item, and
instruct the committee positively as to that item,
! and say they shall report just so much money,
! and just such a bill. It is very true the Senate
has a perfect right to do so, and the committee
would undoubtedly obey, but I suggest that the
declaration of a general policy would be better
and more conclusive.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have voted for this prop-
osition of the Senator from Michigan, on the sin-
gle ground that I wished to have some test taken
on the question whether the Senate designed to
do anything even with regard to protecting im-
provements that need protection. As a general
principle, I should agree with tile Committee on
Commerce that if the country is in the state that
is represented with reference to money, it wouM
be improper to borrow money for the purpose of
undertaking new works of this description. But
I must say to the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. 'Toombs,] that as yet we have no evi-
dence, that I am aware of, that there is any such
condition of the Treasury or of the country. That j
is to say, if we take the statements of the distin- t
guished gentleman from the State of Georgia,who '
is at ihe head of the Treasury Department, and \
of (lie President—and as yet we have had nothing
from either, contradictory of their statements—
they told us at the beginning of the session that
theVe wasa temporary necessity for issuing Treas-
ury notes to a limited amount, to meet the in-
coming revenues of the Government,which would
be sufficient in a very short time to relieve the
country from all its difficulties. Wc have, as yet,
heard nothing from those high authorities to the
contrary, and I suppose we are bound to presume,
aa no further communication has been made to
us, that they told the truth, and that there is to
be such an accruing revenue as will meet all the
necessary wants of the Government, and relieve
the country from the burden which it has taken
upon itself by the proposition to borrow twenty
millions of money. I presume that the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance agrees in
that, because, as yet, we have heard nothing fur-
ther from the Committee on Finance on that sub-
ject. Therefore, I say, the presumption stands
that there is money enough, that the revenue will
be abundant, that soon these twenty millions will
be redeemed, and that we shall have enough, ac-
cording to the statement of the President and the
Secretary of the Treasury, to meet all our wants
in every particular, a3 well these as any others.
Hence, while I should agree with the general prin-
ciple laid down by the gentlemen of the Committee
011 Commerce in reference to this matter; I think
we have no evidence at present that the necessity
of appealing to that principle, exists.
It is stated by members of the committee that
they have designed to do something with refer-
ence to protecting those works which need pro-
tection, to go as far as is absolutely necessary;
presuming that the funds of the country would
not allow them to go fuither. I would ask if we
have any evidence except their say so—and to
that I give the same credit which I would to the
declaration of any other gentlemen—thateven that
is intended? Congress lias now been in session
some five months, and we have heard nothing from
that committee on any of these propositions. We
have resolved to adjourn on the first Monday of
June; but we have not heard one word from that
committee, or the committee in the other House,
proposing to do anything in regard to making an
appropriation even to prevent these works from
going to decay. If they really mean anything,
or have meant anything of this description, I
should like to know why something has not been
done, atany rate, in season to give us a little hope
that something of that description might be ac-
complished in the course of this session of Con-
gress? We have had no bill brought in. Numer-
ous bills have been sent to the committee. We
have not heard from the first one; and yet we are
now arrived at a period of the session when it
would be hopeless to take up a general bill of that
description with the expectation of passing it
through both Houses, unless there is prevalent
here a spirit very different from what has pre-
vailed heretofore—certainly a very different spirit
from that exhibited by the "Senator from Georgia,
who says, what we all well know, that he is op-
posed to the whole system, and will oppose the
whole with all the power he can bring to bear on
it, and we all know what power he can bring to
bear on any subject he chooses to engage in.
I confess that when 1 hear the declaration of
which I have spoken, I regard it m this light:
while the committee will assent for the sake of
appearances to bring in a bill making this pro-
vision, we shall not see that bill until the time lias
so far gone that there will not be the slightest hope
in the world of effecting anything:even in regard
to protecting those public works which need pro-
tection in order to prevent their going to decay.
Therefore, I have voted for this proposition on
this single idea: that I wish, for the benefit of that
committee, to have the sense of the Senate tested
whether the Senate will do anything in relation to
the matter, whether they will make even small
appropriations to prevent public works from be-
ing utterly destroyed. This is as good a propo-
sition in my judgment, to test that question on,
as any other. I believe the work now proposed
to be provided for to be a very important one. I
was satisfied of that when the first bill for this
improvement was introduced by the late Senator
from Michigan, who is now at the head of the
Department of State. I voted for it then; I should
vote for it now, and if the state of facts is as rep-
resented by the Senator from Michigan, we shall
