824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
addressed the House the other day on this sub-
ject, appealed with great emphasis to the North,
especially to the Democracy of the North, to go
over and help him. Help him do what, sir ? Help
him trample down the public will; help him cover
up wrong; help him stifle justice; help him over-
turn the fundamental principle of self-government
on which our free institutions are based; help him
drag a State into the Union m violation of the
Constitution, and against the most solemn pro-
testations of its people; help him destroy the meas-
ure upon which Mr. Buchanan was elected; help
him consummate an act which would stultify our-
selves, brand with falsehood and shame the ex-
pressions of our public meetings, and disgrace us
r s the betrayers of our constituents? No, sir;
we will never help him do that. Come what will,
weal or woe, the northern Democracy will stand
firm by their integrity and the Union; and if for ;
this they arc to fall under the executive guillotine, j
which is already reeking with the blood of some i
of its noblest sons, let it be so. The base crea- j
tures who succeed them only lick the dust from J
the foot of power, to betray it in turn when they |
aie no longer fed at the public crib. i
But we are told tins is a pet measure with Mr. [
Buchanan; the only one on which he has staked ,
the success of his Administration. I should re- :
gret to think this was so; I should regret to think i
that the admission of Kansas into the Union under j
the Lecompt'on fraud was to shed the only luster |
on the official life of the Executive. If he depends 1
upon that — if the Lecomptonites depend upon :
that—to hand his name and fame down to poster- J
ity, they will find the blackness of darkness hang- j
mg over his memory. But, sir, I must believe ]
ihat injustice has been done to the President in |
ihis; that the bravest of his knights who have ;
( ntered the tournament for him on this point do !
iiot llounsh their swords m the sunlight of his
approbation.
I have not, Mr. Chairman, entered into an an-
alytical examination of the election outrages and
wrongs in Kansas. They ate familiar to the
whole country; and when the special committee
we have appointed shall report, if they aie ever
allowed to, 1 niaysay somethingin regard to them.
At present, 1 will only notice one point, and that
j^in reference to the disfranchised < {unities. Nine-
icen were not represented in I he Leeompton con-
vention for (lie want of the i egi.-ury law and census
being taken and executed in them, and without
fdultof iheir own. Governor Walker U lis us :->o,
Mr. Stanton tells us so. The Territorial Legis-
lature, m their memorial piesented to tins Ilouse
t ome d.iysngo, tell us so; and these men would
not venture such a statement when, if it were not
true, frhey could be so easily disciedited by the
record. Two of the counties got up a registi y of
their own, and elected delegates to the conven-
tion; but they were refused seats in that body.
Gentlemen, however, say that these nineteen
counties were not disfianchised; and they have
the word of one II. Clay Pate, the Kansas coue-
spondent of the St. Louts Republican, for it. I
would not believe his statement in opposition to
those of Walker, Stanton, and the Legislature;
nor will the country, though he seems to be a
great pet just now with the Lecomptonites. But
let us for a moment analyze that statement, which
my friend from Missouri, upon my right, has ap-
pended to his speech, as though it was of great
importance, and see what he does say Here are
his words; and 1 call thy paiuoular attention of
the House to them;
"it in wl!J io ob-etve shat, of the nineteen counties
•-pnlvvMi a-'>ot ifjijv-'.nvd. ti;i' ci>n, u - u.i> not ta!;e:un
lour an the ;,'avote. stated ; tli" oth«T In h-en wci e, foi cavil
puijhw^. a.tacked io oi/anized coann-v, ;i> follows ;
'4 Two, .v "luiid-on and to Shawnee ;
<c .Madison, JJtrier, and \W>,', to iiiocLinndge ;
t; to Amlei: on ;
O ie. /I •(;im, to 13ouj bo:i;
u fiix, Ui iiiiijt'jf - Duiiij Wilson, "Wood on, an J
Grosun , io Allen ;
<l One, t". nvu. to Donqihan ;
" One, Davis, to Riiey.
" The eotri'iei ot Drown, VV.i lunzton, Clay. and Dickin-
son. weie Owjuazed at tile Lwi session of Ute Leyisiauuc:
m the hist -mi icd thiee theie wese no inii.ib.t'j.nt^.
"The iO'2 >tiy law wa-- executed, and voter* were rc\ien-
tered m t.i>' following c<n:nt!i'-. Jolm-on. L\kio-, Ljihs,
Bom lv:n. I>< Shawnee. Don.ph.vi, Aicliwui, L'-hvon-
worth, JcllciiOi', Neineha, C.iiaoan, }I;n->hiUi. and Rdejv'
Four counties, he admits, were not represented,
but insets theothor lifieon wer^ attached to other
counties for4 5 civip'purposes. Thatwoid 44 civil"
is a strange one to use in connection with election
purposes; bull will not cavil about that. Admit
these fifteen counties were attached to others, as he
asserts; and what does that amount to, or prove ?
Nothing. There was no census taken, or registry
made, of the voteis in these counties; and unless
these prerequisites were complied with, they could
not vote. While, therefore, they were attached to
other counties, whose voters are claimed to have
been registered, thatattachmentwasamere mock-
ery of justice—they were merely dead bodies tied
to living forms; thus showing that H Clay Pate,
while he is a good special pleader, has not the abil-
ity to overshadow truth. If the Lecomptonites
desire to march under his banner, on which is
inscribed the miserable insignia '* Leeompton,"
they cau do so. 1 prefer to train under the flag on
which is floating the motto " anti-Lecompton;"
and under that flag the people of this nation will
form a funeral cortege and follow the Leeompton
constitution to its grave. They never will, and
never should, be satisfied until they bury the vile
monster away from their sight. Then, and only
then, will the foul breath it has breathed upon the
land be swept away by the purifying winds of
justice, and peace and good will restored.
But let us examine the statement of Mr. Pate a
little more closely. I have before me a copy of
the Kansas laws, in which is found the one call-
ing the convention, and I propose to test the worth
of his publication by that law. He says Itich-
aidson and WVller weieattached to Shawnee. The
law attaches Richardson and Davis (not Weller)
to Shawnee. Shawnee is in the eleventh, and
Weller in the fourteenth district. He savs Mad-
ison, Butler, and Wise, were attached to Breck-
inridge. The law attaches Weller, Bieckmridge,
Wise, and Madison, together. Breckinridge is m
the fourteenth, and Duller m the fifteenth district.
He says Co flee was attached to Anderson. The
law puts Coffee in the fifteenth, and Anderson in
the seventeenth district. He says Greenwood,
Hunter, Dorn, Wilson, Woodson, and Godfrey,
(or Gregoiy, as lie lias it,) were attached to Al-
len. The law attaches Bourbon, McGee, Dorn,
and Wilson, together. Dorn is in the eighteenth
district, and the other counties m the nineteenth,
lie says Biown was attached to Doniphan. The
law constitutes Doniphan the fnst,and Brown and
Nemeha the second districts, lie says Davis was
attached to Riley. Davis is in the eleventh, and
Riley m the eighth district. This, however, is not
all, though amply sufficient to show what credit
should be given to his word.
lie concedes that the registry jaw was only
executed and voters registered in the counties
of Johnson, Lykms, Lynn, Bourbon, Douglas,
Shawnee, Doniphan, Atchison, Leaven worth, Jef-
ferson, Nemeha, Calhoun,Marshall,and Riley;in
all, fourteen—not half of those in the Territory.
The first section of the act of the Legislature pro-
viding for taking the census and electing delegates
to the convention, requires the census to be taken
by the ofliecrs specified in each county, and a
registry made of the bona fide citizens, and a cor-
rected list be filed in the office of a probatejudge in
the county or election district. The eighth sec-
tion provides that, " at such election " (that is, for
delegates to the convention) " no person shall be
permitted to vote unless his name shall appear
upon said corrected list." I quote the precise
language of the law. The eleventh section further
piovides that no pel son shall be entitled to vote
unless he <k shall have resided three months next
before said election in the county in which he
offers to vote;" and the fourteenth section pro-
vides that " every person not being a qualified
voter, according to the provisions of the act," who
shall vote at said election, shall be judged guilty
of a misdemeanor, and punished by a fine not less
than $100 or more than $200, or imprisoned not
less than three or more than six months. Nowl
would like to know, as the census was only taken
and a registry of \oters made m fourteen coun-
tu s, accoiding to Mr. Pate himself, hew the cit-
izens living m the balance of the counties could
vote ? They could not vote, sir, and it is idle to
talk about it. They were disfranchised by the
most coriuptand monstrous act of villainy which
ever stained the annuls of our country, and which
ought to make the'cheek of the most hardened
blush for human nature.
I do not attach any importance to Mr. Pate's
statement, but gentlemen heic seem to, and I
thought it best to expose its falsity and give the
facts. Pate is evidently Calhoun the second, and
in the event of his death would be entitled to the
succession. I observe from a subsequent publi-
cation of his that he is manufacturing testimony
to order for the use of his Leeompton friends here.
I have chosen, Mr. Chairman, to discuss the
Kansas question in my own way, to present a
general view of it and the points which have arisen
in the debate, without dwelling too much in de-
tails which have been spread before the country,
and everybody understands, and without entering
into an argument touching the legality or power
of the Leeompton convention, as that part of the
subject has been already ably elucidated. In what
I have said I have endeavored nothing to exten-
uate, or set down aught m malice." Duty to the
known will of my constituents forbids I should
have said less. They are a justice-loving people,
and desire fair play. They are conscious that
this controversy, as presented, is an unfortunate
one for the country, and especially for the Demo-
cratic party; but no considerations of expediency
can induce them to trample on a sacred right.
They are unalterably opposed to the Leeompton
constitution.
What a contrast, sir, does this day present
to the one, when millions of freemen went with
cheerful hearts and joyful voices to the polls and
voted for James Buchanan for President! Re-
turning to their respective homes at night, they *
slept more soundly from a consciousness of hav-
ing discharged a patriotic duty. They had un-
furled their banner on the proud old Democratic
ship, and manned her with officers who they sup-
posed would keep her clear of breakers; but she
is now driven upon them by a furious storm; her
sails are rent and torn; herspars are bending; her
ribs are cracking; her deck is washed by high
waves; and it may he she will go down into the
depths of the sea. God avert it! butif she should,
I will cling to her topmast rigging, and " if 1 per-
ish, I perish." Whatever the i esult, whether the
triumph of power or light, Heaven give me the
consolation of knowing, as my eyes shut upon
the lastghmmenng sunlight of earth, that the Re-
public is £jfo; and may the last sound which sa-
lutes my ear, coming up from every where all over
the land be, " al! is well."
Mr. ANDREWS, Mr. Chairman, while dif-
ference and confhctofopinion prevails on most, if
not on all other questions submitted to the con-
sideration of Congress and the country, there is
one sentiment in the President's message which
will be very generally concurred in, but in a sense
entirely different from that entertained by the
President. He says, in regard to the agitation
growing out of Kansas affairs: " They have for
some years occupied too much of the public at-
tention; it is high time that attention should be
directed to other subjects." And in the recent
message accompanying the^ Leeompton constitu-
tion, the President repeats that tins agitation has
continued " loo long." In my judgment, this
statement will not be disputed.
From the beginning of the agitation, four years
ago, the whole countiy has been convulsed from
Canada to the Gulf of Mexico, in every hamlet
and every family. Kansas has furnished the fire-
side talk and the engrossing topic of discussion
m public assemblies and political debates. No
question since the war of 1812 has occupied the
public attention so generally, or excited the pub-
lic nnnd so deeply.
Within that Territory a struggle has been in-
tense on the part of the settlers to secure a free
vote on the question offoimmg their own organic
law, the law under which they and their descend-
ants aie to live, and m which they and theirs are
vitally interested. For this they had the solemn
pledge of the Government, embodied in the very
act of Congress which brought their Territory
into being. The Kansas-Nebraska act guarantied
to them the light to form and establish their in-
stitutions by such a vote; and yet their very first
election was canied against them by the incursion
of lawless inhabitants of a neighboring State, who
proposed to and did form their institutions for
them, usurp their government, and elect a Legis-
lature, whose laws and enactments were pro-
nounced by partisans of those aggiessors, upon
this floor, to be " a disgrace to civilization." Citi-
zens of Missouri did overawe, imprison, and mur-
der those settlers, and enact upon their persons
