1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
and-propcrty outrages unparalleled in the history
of the country.
Those settlers were mainly the freeborn sons
of New England; the men who build churches
and school-houses; who scatter the blessings and
benefits of civilization whenever they go. They
went out from their father's house to their own
inheritance, to " make the solitary place rejoice
to nurtine tiie graces of moral life and beauty in
the wilderness. They were murdered on their
prairie health-stones, and their wives and child-
ren were compelled to to a deeper solitude for
security against greater outrages. The arm of
the Govern mem, their natural protector, was with-
held from their defense and protection. On the
contrary, an armed force was kept m requisition
to overawe, and withhold them froni resistance to
their invaders. The Government, bound to shield
them, 111 point of factaided in diowmng the pop-
ular voice, by fraudulent votes and returns of elec-
tions, with the concurrence of its own sworn offi-
cers. I beg leave to annex an extract from a report
of the Hon. J. Coli.amer, of the Senate, submitted
at the List session of Congress, which presents,
very giaphically, the then existing state of affairs
in Kansas:
" I ftate,trom information which 1 regard as entirely re-
liable. and a,-s Met- wlncii I l>eiiev<fcap.iljl<- oi the mos-t un-
questionable ptoot, which can ai anytime bo pictured,
liiat of the, sK thousand tlnee handled and Unity one votoo ,
ea>-t m Match, lor the election of tlx; JL^iielutive As- \
feembJy ot Kd'^as, lout thousand nine bundled and twenty- :
one oi tliein wore c.i^r by aimed b.uui oi the inhabitant.- of !
Mi-jsouii, wiio invaded Kaii^a:, ioi that puipo-c, on that ,
ocea-ion ; Unit only one liiou and lour liuutiitd and ten j
legal votes vvciu cast, and <x majouly of tho.-c weic tor the i
lice-State candidates, iliouyh ino.^t ot the liee riutie voteis '
were duven lioin the poild. This inva-ion extended to all I
the lepier-eutanvv di-tnct:- but one, and elected and con- 1
tiollcd a l.uge m ijoutv oi both Houmv. Thepeupie or'tho ;
Temtoiy have not bv.cn ieit nee. but have been invaded j
and subjugated, and they aie, and then iii>nrution- have j
been, couiiollcd b\ the people of Mi-mhui, tlnougli and by j
the Tjiannital l.i\v-< enaeted hy that Assembly, and aioie I
fjiannieallj eu'.oieed In, the officers by them appointed. [
These laws, t-o made by u=uipauon, the l'J.\eeuuve of this- !
Govern me n't has. aided to eiiioico. and in C'otigi os no relict
has bet ii giantcd. The complaints and repie^entanon* of
this u -ui [lation and pel wi - ion of the oiganic act have been
represented iicie as complains oi a meie irieaulai uy, and
been tieated In the Senate with appai 'ut nidthWonce and
neglect, a.-no meusuie even ol niquny into then tmth ha 
been in-tituted.
" Abandoned to their oppressors, th" ftcc-Stato people of
ICaik-a?bd\e been pui-ued bj them in the same f-piiit which
made tiie invasion. Tne act> of ^aid Assembly iiave by
then otheei j been made the covei loi all lonnaol political j
per^ecuuoii and oppre>.-ion. Indictments lor con^tiucuve j
tieas-on and pretended nuisances d -ptivc them ot hbeity i
and deploy their piopeity. Under tne fbim of sheriff's, j
po&.sc?, ai med band.- of people 1'ioiu without the Ten itoiy
pi owl ih'oi it and take and de t«oy piopert> and lives, and
inUnnduie anddme oft'the tree State people. 'J'hese peo
pie have tiiuss, lor seveial months pa-u been Inira-sed and
bcattercd, and any attempt at t>elf-deleiir-e ha-> been te-
presM'd by the Aimy of the United Slates, oi been duehued
cjw-h w fire tre-uon. and tieated acooidinsriy. Tne aetUeis
have tiun in laige number-- been duven iio'n their settle
incut- and liom the feintory. Tin-i& but a biuM and feeble
statement oi tiie facts. A lull picture of rnc public atioei-
ties and puvate violence, winch have been committed with
mipunn) up m the tree Bratc peoph* ot Kan:-a-, would e.v-
citc and arou&e the deepest sentiment or indignation ,J
Well, sir, the agitation still continues; there is
no abau meiit of it, here or elsewhere, in Kansas
or out of Kansas. Recently, on the floor of this
House, has its continued intensify been exhibited,
by acts of personal collision and violence. Who,
then, will gainsay or deny the President's as-
sertion that this agitation has continued "too
long*"
There is one other proposition deduciblc from
the whole facts in the case, which is not referred
to in the message, but upon which, nevertheless,
the like unanimity of sentiment must prevail,
namely: that there has been no moment of time
during this four years of violence m Kansas and
disorder out of it, when the President could not
have terminated the difficulty and ended the agita-
tion by a dash oj his pen. The former President
could have done so, as could his successor, now as
then; and at any time can he give the country quiet
in this matter, m the very easy manner m winch
the plighted faith of the Government was pledged
to do from the first. There can, therefore, be no
more diffuieuce of opinion in regai d to the respon-
sibility than of the "too long" continuance of this
difficulty. The Government is responsible for the
beginning and continuance of the agitation, and for
all its consequences; and this must be patent to the
country and mankind. Ilad protection been given
to the people in their efforts for free government;
had their right of suffrage been secured to them;
had the arms of the United States been employed
for ihem—as alone the Government has authority
to employ them, " to suppress insurrection and
repel invasion"—instead of against them, and in
defiance of the Constitution, then there would have
been no agitation in Kansas, but she would have
been long ago a Slate of this Confederacy, under
the quiet operation of her own lawful authority.
There has been no mystery in either the origin
or continuance of this agitation; the same thing
would happen whenever popular rights were in-
vaded or abridged, under any Government but an
extreme despotism: wherever the people were fit
to govern themselves, or possessed " rights to be
respected," they would be impelled to such a
struggle by the patriotic consideration suggested
by Mr. Jefferson in his first inaugural: "Jealousy
of the right of election is the vital principle of
Republics." Why, sir, no such instance of pa-
ternal desertion and barbauty in any Government
stands of record, and a paiallel with the struggling
heroism and forbearance of the people of Kansas
remains to be recorded.
The peisistence in the determination to force
slavery upon this Territory in thafaceof the evi-
dence and remonstrance of the chosen officers of
the Government, is most remarkable. It is seek-
ing slavery under all the stern difficulties which
men arc usually willing to encounter only to se-
cuie freedom.
Fust, Mr. Rr-eder, an unwavering Democrat,
was selected for Governot; he was compiled to
protest against the invasion of AJissourians to
control the elections and subjugate the Territory,
and he was displaced. Governor Shannon was
alike unsuccessful m his mission, and went into ;
retirement Governor Geary returned also, with j
bitter protests against the com so of procedure, and
the insane policy of the Government. The pro-
tests of these successive functionaries ft'ere disre-
garded, and their advice as to the course winch
justice and fair dealing diiecti d was l ejected by the
former Administration. The present one gamed
no lessons of wisdom, justice, or humanity, from
the course and failuie of the former; followed the
same line of policy, with more settled purpose,and
resolved to make an end of the contmveisy at
once. For this object a man of tried political char-
acter and great experience in public afl'aiis was
selected, a chosen champion of southern interests,
and one of the leading statesmen of the Union—
Robert J. Walker; having associated with him, as
Secretin y, Mr. Stanton, scarcely less favorably
known to the Democracy for his devotion. These
gentlemen began the work in earnest: they pro-
ceeded immediately to Kansas and found the same
drmal of right; the same prostitution of the ballot,
bold and shameless; " a light shone round about
them," and their conveision was complete; they
also expostulated with the Government, and final-
ly protested against the action of the Lecompton
convention, and for this met the fate of their pred-
ecessor
The testimony of these chosen witnesses had
no effect to change or modify the settled purpose
of the Administration, but was wholly rejected;
and a constitution thus denounced, ncitherauthor-
ized hy Congress, nor elected by the people, nor
having the essential basis of a legal census, and
against the popular voice by overtoil thousand ma-
jority m a voting population of about twelve thou-
sand,comes here backed with the same executive
determination for our ratification. Upon what
ground of justice or piopuety should it be rati-
fied ?
The honorable gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Shorter,] and from Virginia, [Mr. Clemens,]
hold that the Kansas-Nebraska law was an ena-
bling act, and that when the people voted under
it, and adopted a constitution, they became, ipso
facto, a State, in or out of the Union. Now, no
Terntory can become a State unless Congress
admit it as such; us elections are merely provis-
ional; it has Congressmen or not, and Senators or
not, according as Congress shall determine; it re-
mains aTenitory until Congress admit it as a
State- Besides, sir, if Congic?s enabled anybody
by that law, it. was the people of JCansas;and they
refused to act under it, and did not act. I' is not
at all material whether the law* was an enabling
act or not: the people have the same right, with or
without one, to organize a State provisionally, and
to apply to Congress for admission. This was the
fact in the cases cited by the gentlemen; but Cal-
ifornia and the others were no States until Con-
gress admitted them as such; nor can any.State
be except by a successful rebellion.
The question here is, whether the people of
Kansas did adopt this constitution, and desire to
be admitted under it? They did no such thing.
Their first proceeding under it was the election
held to dccide-whether there should be a Lecomp-
ton convention or not, and the election itself was
ordered by a Territorial Legislature in which the
people never did acquiesce. The law was a fraud,
and the people refused to attend the election X>t
delegates to thatconvention, which wasalsofraud-
ulent, because half the people were not registered
as required by law; they therefore refused- to
vote or take any pai t in the election. When the
territorial election came on, a Legislature and
members of Congress were elected upon a distinct
issue of repudiation of the convention which had
formed the constitution, and refused to submit it
to the people for the openly avowed reason that
it would be voted down. When, on the 21st of
December, the election wis held under it, they
refused to participate in it, because the question
of its acceptance or rejection was not submitted;
and at the same time State officers were elected
under protest, in the name of the people of Kan-
sas, winch protest is now here before Congress.
Do the gentlemen hold that Kansas can be forced
into the Union " against the consent of the gov-
erned," because Congress had enabled theft),
when, even according to the showing of the Pres-
ident himself, the people of Kansas are, at this
moment, in a state of armed rebellion against this
very constitution? Therefore,and for these rea-
sons, whether this law was an enabling act or not
is of no sort of consequence.
But for the obstinate determination to force the
Territory into the Union as a slave State, in the
face of facts and evidence, she would have pre-
sented a constitution here long ago, of her own
choice and adoption. 1 am bound to avow, how-
ever, sir, that I could not have voted for any con-
stitution sanctioning property in man, by any of its
provisions, framed at Lecompton or elsewhere,
for that or any Territory. Such is my abhorrence
of slavery and oppression, whetherin Hungary,
or Poland, or Ireland, or South Carolina, and in
all lands or continents, and on all the islands in
the limitless seas, that under no conceivable cir-
cumstunccs would I vote for the addition of one
footofbiave territory to this Confederacy, though
the application came here with the sanction of
every vote in the proposed State; for, under the
Constitution which I am sworn to support, as <{ I
understand it," such could not be a " republican
constitution." I should, on that question, exer-
cise my reserved right to vote, as one of the peo-
ple, if need be, agatnstany number, or all others;
holding, as I do, that " republican" means the
equality of all men.
Mr. Chairman, although the President could
have terminated the Kansas agitation by the easy
means already indicated, for which omission and
| dereliction he, like his predecessor, may be so
! unfortunate as to live long enough to follow as
: chief mourner at the funeral of his own reputa-
■ tion, nevertheless he could not have quieted what
, is called the slavery agitation—that he is not
- responsible for; it is beyond the jurisdiction of
I his high office; that willnot down at his bidding,
though you were to admit into the Union any
number of slave States. When that shall appear
! oidered and settled upon compromises firm as
I was the Missouri; when everything on the sur-
; face of affairs is tranquil and serene, " calm as a
summer sea,"i t will be found a deceitful calm, an
' unnatural tranquillity, for the depths are vexed,
j an(j every slight disturbing cause wili create agi-
' tation afresh" In the midst of piofound quiet, a
cry will come from the very clouds, " there's a
negro in the fence V* to startle and alarm, and the
agitation will be at once renewed, freshened, and
invigorated from its very rest, and this will be but
the icpetition of the thing until the last negro is out
of the fence. The counter forces of freedom and
slavery are at work, and they will ever be until
one shall triumph; if the records of faithful his-
tory arc reliable, if the parallels of the past are to
be regarded, it is not difficult to augur the result
of that controversy; it may be determined by
