1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2005
has been arrayed here? -The resolutions of a fac-
tious minority of the Legislature, denouncing: it
as a usurpation, and declaring that they would
have nothing to do.with it; and that at a time
when they were not in organized session as a
Senate; when the presiding officer, the clerk, the
sergeant-at-arms, and all the paraphernalia which
constitute the external insignia of parliamentary
representation, were absent. They resolved them-
selves into a Senate, without a head, without a
clerk, and without a constitutional majority, and
decided that those who complied with the consti-
tution, and availed themselves of the invitation
of the Speaker of the House to perform a consti-
tutional duty, were not the Senate of Indiana.
This revolutionary and irregular act is the only
evidence which has been appealed to as showing
that the Senate, as a distinct body, was not a party
to this organization; but the Senator from Louis-
iana well put the case when he said if they com-
plied with the invitation of the House of Repre-
sentatives, they performed their duty under the
constitution; and if they resisted or failed to notice
it, they neglected their constitutional duty; so
that in either case there was a higher law than a
mere resolution obligatory on them—as obliga-
tory on them to perform the duty of electing Uni-
ted Stateq, Senators as it was to come together and
see the votes counted for Governor and Lieuten-
ant Governor. There can be no distinction in
the character of the obligation on them. The only
distinction is in the character of the acts. Both
were constitutional; both were of an elevated
nature; both were required to be done by both
Houses of the Legislature; and that no factious
minority, no rebellious proceeding, no irregu-
larity might prevent the discharge of these high
duties of the Legislature, their constitution com-
manded it. it mattered but little how they com-
plied or when they complied, so that both Houses
of the Legislature were there. It formed that
college of electors denominated by the Senator
from New York a college of suffragans, who vote
per capita, and a majority of whose votes consti-
tuted an election. It has not been pretended here
that it is necessary to have a majority of each,
and that shows that the distinctive character of
the two Houses is lost 111 the unity of the joint
convention. They resolve themselves into dif-
ferent elements. The distinct character of each
House is gone, and they act together in the form
of a jointconvention. Hence the question is never
made as to what part of the members of either
body vote for the successful competitor so that
lie receives a majority of the whole.
There is only one other point to which I will
advert, and that is the bearing which the decis-
ion of the Senate in the case of the Senator from
Iowa is supposed to have on this case. We are
often pointed to that as a decision of the Senate
which ascertained the rule to be different from
that which coincides with the views of the ma-
jority of the Judiciary Committee in this case.
'X find no difficulty in reconciling the two cases
together. The proposition with which I set out
was, that in the election of United States Sena-
tors, Congress having failed to prescribe any
manner for the exercise of the power, it was left
as an unrestricted and unrestrained right to the
State Legislature; and the conse'quence is, that
the law of the Legislature becomes the supreme
law of the case; and it is because Indiana had no
law to violate that I find my conscience easy to
vote for the sitting membets here. It was be-
cause Iowa had a law which was violated that I
could not find it consistent with my duty to vote
for the retention of the seat by the then occupant
of the Iowa seat in this body. Indiana had no
law. Iowa had one which required that the elec-
tion of United States Senators should be by a
joint convention of both Houses of the Legisla-
ture, brought together by aconcurrent resolution
of each House, acting as separate Houses and as
coordinate branches of the Legislature. Weil,
sir, they did come together. The origin of the
convention was, in pursuance of that law, the
result of the separate action of each House, and
the separate consent of each House was neces-
' sary to its continuance and to the consummation
of the act.
When, therefore, the convention of Iowa, con-
stituted by concurruit resolutions of the separate
bodies of the Legiblature, came together, they
were a constitutional convention, and were in-
vested with the power of electing United States
Senators; and, had that Senator been elected by
that body thus brought together, in conformity
with the law of Iowa, I would not have found a
word to say against his retaining his seat; but
the Senate of the State of Iowa, whose voice was
necessary to constitute that convention, whose
continuing assent was necessary to its continued
existence, withdrew as a Senate from the body,
and destroyed the entity of the joint convention.
The withdrawal of its assent by a branch of the
Legislature was a resolution of the joint conven-
tion into its original elements. They then con-
stituted, as they did before, the House of Repre-
sentatives and Senate of Iowa; the joint conven-
tion was gone; it had been destroyed by the act of
the Senate, whose continued assent was as neces-
sary to its continued vitality, as its original agree-
ment was to the constitution of the convention. I
will not say when one House has tied its hands by
concurrent resolution, whether itis exactly legiti-
mate, whetherit is precisely regular, for it to with-
draw; but that is not the question here. The
question is not whether they did right or wrong
in that case; but how was the fact? They did
withdraw, the Senate was gone, and the joint con-
vention was dissolved. The Senator from Iowa
was elected, therefore, by the House of Repre-
sentatives of his State contrary to the express
action of the Senate in a case where, by the law
of the State, the Senate had a right to say that it
would partake in it. The cases, then, are very
different. Iowa had a law to be respected; In-
diana had none to bo violated. Iowa violated her
law in the election of her Senators; Indianaconld
violate no law, and be guilty of no irregularity, for
she made the law for herself, according to the ex-
igency of the case, and did.so in the exercise of a
right expressly referred to her by the Constitution
ot the United States. That she did so legally, con-
stitutionally, and fairly, I think has been placed
beyond all question by the Senator from Ohio in
his learned and logical remaiks in this case.
But tills is peculiarly an Indiana question. It
is a question whether the law of Indiana has been
violated, the provisions of her constitution in-
vaded; and what says the constituted authority
of Indiana herself? I understand the fact to be,
and I believe it is not questioned here, that when
an appeal was taken to the highest judicial pow-
ers of that State, the highest law officers of the
Federal Government and'of the State, the opinion
was unanimous, decided, conclusive, in favor of
the power of the Legislature to elect under the
circumstances they did. 1 believe it was the fair
and honest desire of those who sympathized in the
success of the sitting members to obtain the un-
biased expression of the highest judicial opinion
in the State in favor of the power that produced
the last adjournmentof the jointconvention three
or four days preceding the election. It was fair;
it was honest; it was a feast to which all were in-
vited; it was the exercise of a right which every
one who was qualified had a fair opportunity to
I exercise. There was no setting a trap in which
j to catch the unwary. It was no trick by which
: to cutoff those who were entitled to the right of
| suffrage from the fair opportunity of its exercise,
i On the contrary, the fact was notoiious, although
! not proclaimed in the form of a proclamation, that
! when the convention met the last time, it was for
j the very purpose of electing United States Sena-
! tors. Still those who willfully absented them-
! selves, failed to go forward and avail themselves
| of their fair and equal opportunity to exercise
1 those high rights which they, by sleeping upon,
. have lost; and by failing to exorcise which, they
I have lost the right to complain,
i Mr. President, I have gone further than I in-
! tended when I first rose. 1 have not accomplished
i my original purpose of merely stating my con*
! elusions, but 1 have indulged m arguments more
> than I anticipated. I submit the case.
> The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clay.)
The question is on the amendment of the Senator
I from Maine, [Mr. Hakli.v.]
j Mr. GREEN. I suggest the propriety of ro-
il ting down the amendment, as we shall discuss
!; the merits of the case anyhow, and not the pro-
priety of recommitting it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it:
And that, in tiie opinion of tii!1 Senate, no election of a
membei of tins body, made by tUc Legislature of a State,
consistingof two branches, is valid when made in a meeting
of individual members of both, unless such meeting for that
purpose was prescribed by Jaw, or ha4 been previously'
agreed to by each House acting separately in its org&riiZed
capacity, or is participated in by a majority of tbe members
of each House, or is subsequently ratified in some form by
each House in its organized capacity.
Mr. MASON. I shall vote against the amend-
ment that was offered in the first instance, be-
cause I take it for granted that a comowttee of
this body is competent to report as it thinks fit,
either by a report at length, or by resolution ex-
pressing the judgment to which it has arrived.
But this amendment, offered by the Senator from
Illinois, is one that would commit the Senate to
a series of abstract propositions, when we are
here passing upon an individual case. I do not
see that it can recommend itself to the vote of any
one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state my object in
offering the substitute, which is, to show distinctly
the principle involved in the decision to be made.
The Senator from Virginia will observe that the
committee have made no report, and there is some
dispute as to the principle on which the Iowa case
was decided. If-we knew on what principle that
case was decided, it would form a precedent for
other cases. Is it not desirable, I would ask the
honorable Senator from Virginia, that, in decid-
ing these questions, which are eminently judicial,
and about which there ought to be no other feel-
ing than to give a proper construction to the Con-
stitution of the United States as applied to the
action of the State Legislatures—is it not highly
important that we should settle them upon prin-
ciples that will form precedents and relieve us of
jj these constant difficulties? I presume no Senator
ii would settle this case upon a different principle
!i from that established m the Iowa case, unless,
perchance, he should be satisfied that the decision
then made was wrong; and is it not important
that the principle on which this class of cases is
to be decided should be clearly defined ? If there
was a report, that would help us to do it; but in
this particular case there is no report. I have
H drawn up the amendment with some care, and iff
i; the gentleman will look at it closely, I think he
I will find that he cannot vote against it consist-
'| ently with the decision in the Iowa case.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator give way for
a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
, Mr. GREEN. It is so near the close of the
i i session that I should not like to engage in the dis-
jj cussion of abstract questions. There is a practi-
i| cal question before us that has but two sides to it.
![ The Senators from I ndiana are either legally elect-
|j ed or not elected. Let us take it in its simplest
;j form,and discuss this abstraction at the next ses-
sion, or some subsequent period. I think econ-
(• omy of time ought to have some regard. The
| present question, of course, must be attended to.
, j 1 make jhat suggestion to the Senator and request
!! him to follow it.
i Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
K from Missouri agrees with me, that we are to de-
: cide this as a judicial question. He must regard
: himself as acting in the capacity of a judge in set-
jj tlins; it. Will he not admit at once that, in the
!' decision of a judicial question, care should be
ji taken that it be decided carefully, and that the
i i principle upon which it is decided should be clear-
ly and distinctly established? He would be as
;! far, I trust, as I am. or any one else, from al-
: lowing the judicial opinions of the Senate to be
' varied by eases one way to-day and another to-
; morrow.
J I have drawn up the amendment with great
j i care, and have provided that an election of a Uni-
i: ted States Senator, inameetingofindividual mem-
bers of a Legislature consisting of two branches,
is not valid; unless, first, that meeting is in pur-
. suance of some law for that purpose; or, second,
'! has been agreed to by each branch of the Legis-
i lature,. in its separate capacity as such; or, third.
J unless the meeting consists of a majority of each
! branch of the Legislature, or is subsequently ai>
.! quiesced in and ratified by each branch. That
II covers this case. Tiiese gentlemen were elected
ij by a meeting of individual members of the Legis-
:! lature—- not in pursuance of any law of the Legis-
'l lature; not in pursuance of any resolution of the
M two branches of the Legislature, acting as such;
jj not by a majority of the members of each branch
!| of the Legislature; nor is there any subsequent
