1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1911
know it when the bill is brought in, and the sense
of the Senate is to be tested. Notwithstanding we
have heard many a time that it is a corrupt mode
of legislation to put together in one bill works of
a similar description for the sake of carrying them
through, I should prefer to have them put together
in order that no particular selfishness should be
exhibited when we came to vote on one or an-
other, and that gentlemen should show what they
intended m reference to the whole. However, as
that cannot be done, and as at any rate it. is well
that the feeling of tine Senate should be tested, I
hope we shall act on this resolution in the mode
proposed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to offer a substitute
for the resolution of the Senator from Michigan,
which I think will cover the proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first mo-
tion is to postpone the prior orders.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Letmy amendment be read
for information.
The Cleik read it, as follows:
Stuke out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That the Committee on Commeiee be iris-tiucted to in-
quire into and icpoi t, ad speedily as possible. on the expe-
diency ot appropriations at this se.-.iion. lor the rt^uiis ami
security of works heretofoie commenced lor the improve-
ment of toaiUois and navigable river*.
Mr. STUART. This subject, it was under-
stood by me, and I believe by the Senate gener-
ally, was to be voted upon without any discus-
sion; but some debate has sprung up, and I rise
now, not for the purpose of extending it, but for
the purpose of submitting a very few words, which
seem to me to be pertinent to the consideration of
this question as it now stands.
Mr. HUNTER. Would it not be better to take
the vote on postponing the prior orders?
Mr. STUART. It seems to me not. I have
inquired, and found that this bill was referred to
the Committee on Commerce on the Kith of Feb-
ruary; that was some two months and a half ago,
time enough, 1 think, for the committee to have
ascertained whether this is a case which falls
within their rule, and to have been prepared to
report. I agree myself most distinctly with the
general proposition at which the committee state
they have arrived—that the appropriations should
not be, as a general rule, for the commencement
of new works, but of sufficient amounts to pre-
serve and complete those which it is true and
proper economy to preserve and complete. But,
sir, there should be action. The subject has been
before the committee for a long time. They have
not presented, as the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Pessenden] has said, a single one of those bills
back to the Senate. Now, I do not conceive that
it is disrespectful to the committee, in any degree,
to instruct them at any time to report a bill. The
report of a bill does not pass it; and it does not
assume that the Senate will pass it. It assumes
simply that the Senate desires to have the subject
before them, so that they may act upon it, and
decide it.
There is great force in what was submitted by
the Senator from Maine, that if anything is to be
done on this question at all practically, the time
lias arrived crrtamly when it is necessary to do
it. We are within a month of the end of the ses-
sion. We have spent five months. Various of
these measures have been sent to the committee,
and none of them have been returned. This ques-
tion of improving the St. Clair flats is as well un-
deistood by evei y member of the Senate now as
any possible subject of legislation can be. It has
been before Congress and the country for years.
The bill was passed at the last Congress over the
veto of the Piesiduit of the United States by a
two-third majority. The whole country is ad-
vised upon it, and itis a simple question, now, of
■whether you will appropriate a small amount of
money to complete a great work, a work of great
national impol tance in a naval and military point
of view, as well as in a commercial point oi view,
the whole discussion of which has beenexhausted
years ago.
Now, sir, will the Senate have this subject be-
foie them or not? That is the question presented
by this resolution. I cannot agree to the substi-
tute proposed by the honorable Senator from .Lou-
isiana, because that is merely to go over the same
subject a gam, and take another five months to ex-
amine the>e que stions. Now, I suppose the com-
mittee have examined them. I am not willing to
believe that five months of the session have trans-
pired, and the committee have not examined any
one of these questions.
Mr. HAMLIN. I say, not one.
Mr. CLAY. You speak for yourself, I sup-
pose?
Mr. HAMLIN. I say, as a committee, not
one; and I have been present at every meeting.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Maine is a
member of the committee, and, of course, knows
more about it than I do; but for the purposes of
this vote, I submit that whether the committee
has examined this question or not, is a matter of
no consequencc practically. If the committee has
not examined it, the session is near at an end, and
the Senate should examine it. If the committee
has examined it, and has not reported, there is
no reason why it should not report. Now, I would
not agree to give any vote in the Senate which
"could censure the committee, which could impugn
its motives, or could affect any member of the
committee—not at all; but the business of the
country is to be acted upon by the Congress of
the country, and to act upon it we must have it
before us. I say, therefore, sir, that the single
question presented to the Senate to-day is not
whether you will pass this bill, but whether you
will bring the bill before you. I am for having
it brought here; I am for having the sense of the
Senate upon it.
I am glad to perceive that the Senator from
Geoigia, [Mr. I\eiison,] and other Senators, ac-
knowledge that the lesolution, at least in its pres-
ent form, modified as it has been by the suggestion
of the Senator from Alabama, who is chairman
of the committee, presents simply the question of
whether the Senate desire this bill brought before
them; and fixing the amount of appropriation to
be put m it, certainly does not censure the com-
mittee; because, as the bill now stands, this meas-
ure would reduce the appropriation about one half.
It is no reflection possibly on the committee to
instruct them to report a bill with the appropria-
tion reduced one half.
It docs, then, Mr. President, come to this ques-
tion when you have done: will the Senate do any-
thing at all in regard to these works of great na-
tional consequence ? That is really the question.
I hope that there will be no difficulty whatever in
regard to the respect for the committee which I
am sure every member of the Senate feels—cer-
tainly I do—but that we shall vote upon this ques-
tion upon the point of whether we will do any-
thing. if, when the bill is brought before the
Senate, u shall not appear to the body that it is
one of those works which ought to be appropri-
ated for at this session, upon principles of strict
economy and national importance, let it be voted
down. I think it is clcarlyand distinctly one of
those cases; but certainly let us bring it in a con-
dition where we can vote upon it.
Mr. CLAY. I wish simply to say a word in
reply to what has been said by way of complaint
that the committee has not reported on these bills.
These repoits have been delayed, in the first in-
stance, for want of information from the Depart-
ments on which to act; and after that information
was obtained, by, I believe, the unanimous voice
of the committee, the consideration of these bills
was deferred from week to week for other busi-
ness because of the present condition of the Treas-
ury, it being, as I understood, the unanimous
! sense of the committee that it was inexpedient to
; make appropriations for new works. Some of
! the committee, perhaps a majority, were in favor
[ of appropriations for the repair of old works to
! present their decay and destruction. Like the
! Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] 1 do not
i feel that I am committed mys.-!f, even to those
! woiks. As I uodi-rsfnnd the action of the com-
mittee, it was that they would only considei such
works. Now, I do not regard this as one even
of tfcat class. During the last Congress some
two hundred thousand dollars or upwards—1 for-
get the precise amount, but I believe it was up-
wards of two bundled thousand dollars was
appropriated to this very woi k; and wc were then
assured by both the Senators from Michigan that
it would complete the work.
Mr. CHANDLER. Only §50,000 was appro-
priated , 1
Mr. CLAY. Well, it matters not whethertue
amount was <.50,000 or $*200,000. We were as-
sured by both Senators at that time tnat it would
complete the woik. According to my recollection,
as suggested by the Senator from Ohio, I asked
whether this would be sufficient to, complete the
work, and intimated that they would come here
shortly afterwards and ask for a further appropri-
ation; but this was denied, and we were assured
it would complete it. Now they ask more th. n
they said would complete the work. Now the *
ask $55,000, and the Senator from Michigan1 say a
$50,000 is all that was appropriated, and all that
was wanted; at the last Congress we were assured
it was an amount fully sufficient to do ail they de-
sired.
Mr. CHANDLER. When this subject comes
up for discussion regularly, I shall be able to give a
good and sufficient reason for the work not being
completed with the first appropriation. I did not
propose to enter into a discussion at this time, and
therefore I have said nothing about that; but when
the bill comes up, I shall be prepared to explain the
whole circumstances connected with the matter.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 think I can say truly, that
up to the time the Committee on Commerce acted
on these matters, there was no unnecessary delay;
I agree with the chairman in that. He has stated
one reason; the committee waited for information
from the Departments; but there was still another
reason, and I think a stronger reason than the one
he has stated. Propositions were coming in from
all sections for appropriations, and the committee
deemed it unwise to act on a particular bill, or any
particular class of bills, until all the propositions
should be before it; and there was, therefore, a ne-
cessity for delay to get the information, and to get
all the propositions before us so that we could act
understandingly. I therefore agree with the chair-
man fully, that there was no unnecessary delay up
to that point. I supposed, from the action of the
committee at that time, the chairman was to have
made his report to the Senate, and then we should
have had the bills all back here.
The action of the committee I did not object to;
but as I have stated before, (though not m my
place, appropriately,) the committee, as a commit-
tee, have not examined a single subject of this
class before them. 1 do not mean to say the
chairman has not made himself acquainted with
every question; Idonotknow; but we have never
had any action in committee on them, except one
morning, and then they were disposed of in gross
and on one vote, and l made my objection then
that I was in favor of taking them up and acting
upon them m detail, leaving me to vote for such
as I thought I ought to vote for, and againstsuch
as I thought I ought not to vote for.
This resolution, 1 think, ought not to be objec-
tionable to the committee now, as it is simpiy a
direction to report the bill back again with no
recommendation from the committee, favorable
or unfavorable, but simply to report the bill Vack,
and let the Senate do what they please, and we
should get rid of it much sooner by voting than
by discussing it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
• is on postponing all prior orders for the purpose
I of continuing the subject under consideration.
I The motion was apreed to.
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
l now is on the amendment of the Senator from
1 Michigan.
Mr. STUART. I understood that was a mod-
ification of the resolution by my colleague him-
self, who offered it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. But it is of-
fered as an amendment, and requires the action
of the Senate. The amendment is to strike out:
" And thai the appropnation be reduced to $55,080. 
So that the resolution will read:
Resoh t\Z, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to report tlie bill, heretofore icfened to them, making
an nppiopnatiori for the completion of the channel over the
."St. (J l<ur Hals, in the ritate of Michigan.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now offer my amend-
ment, to strike out all after tne word "Resolved,"
and insert:
That the Committee on Commerce be instructed to in-
quire into ami irpott a* >poedily a* possible on the expe-
dience ot appiopnahons at tin?; j-es<ion for the repairs and
secnuty ot the woik^ heietofore commenced for the im-
provement of harbois and navigable rivers.
Mr. PUGII. I am satisfied with that amend-
ment. It seems to me to be fair. I shall vote for
it m preference to the original resolution. I ask
for the yeas and nays on it.
