826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
peaceful means, or by forcible means—Heaven
grant that it may prove a peaceful triumph, for it
pains me to imagine such an event as masters
availing themselves of the underground railroad
to escape from the indignant and retributive pur-
suit of their own slaves; or that more fearful al-
ternative of Providence, some Moses raised up to
lead the bondmen through the Red sea. Ay, sir,
the Red sea ! No, I will not suffer myself to con-
template a triumph such as that, even for free-
dom.
The honorable gentleman from Georgia speaks
plainly. I thank him for his free speech. That
is what we hold to. He would be no doughface,
were lie of the North; his rebuke of that unfor-
tunate class of persons must be keenly felt. The
gentleman differs widely, however, from Mr. Jef-4
ferson, Madison, and all the great founders of the
Republic. They regarded slavery as more than
a misfortune, " an evil, and a crime."
" The principle is this, and will ever remain in force, that
men, by nature, are free."— Continental Congress, 1779.
" It is conceded, on all hands, that the right to be fiee can
never be alienated."—Continental Congress.
" It is among my first wishes to see some plan by which
slavery in this couutiy can be abolished by Jaw."— Wash-
ington.
" Slavery is contrary to the law of nature and of nations."
— William Wirt.
"Slavery is repugnant to the principles of Chnstianity 5
it prostrates every benevolent action of the human hean."
—Patrick Henry.
"The way, I'hope, is preparing, under the auspices of
Heaven, for a total emancipation."—Jejfcrson.
And, as the honorable gentleman has opened
this slavery question for discussion, I desire to
look for a moment at his line of argument. In
an unenlightened age slaves may have been hon-
estly acquired, and an honest inheritance, accord-
ing to the received opinion of the time—conquest
gave title, and men were the spoils of the van-
quished; capture of enemies in war was, how-
ever, the only ground of title then. In that darker
age slavery was regarded against natural law;
then, kidnapping and man-stealmg could not give
one man a title to the person or service of another
man; the same disability must exist in this more
enlightened age. A stream can rise no higher than
its source. What was bad in its inception cannot
be cured, though it obtain the indorsement of a
multitude of responsible names. No succession
of bargain and sale can give validity to a corrupt
title; running out this legal principle to its proper
conclusion and application, the propriety of the
old maxim, touching " the partaker," will be ap-
parent. Men held by right of conquest may, and
always might, reconquer themselves, their per-
sons and their rights whensoever they can; it is
always regarded the noblest ambition of men and
of subjugated nations to rise with whatever power
they may, and wrest themselves from their op-
pressors. The whole world sympathizes in every
such struggle; and every heart of the most remote
inhabitant of civilization is animated by a feeling
of common interest with all who strike for free-
dom. The people of our country have often ex-
hibited their sympathy with oppressed nations in
such struggles, and have on several occasions ren-
dered material aid to the efforts of nations striv-
ing to redress and free themselves.
]3ut, sir, I hold that men are not property even
by right of conquest, which is the only right ever
contended for anywhere. I hold that no being
possessing physical and moral faculties common
to human beings, can, by any constitution or laws,
be goods and chattels: the Constitution of the
United States admits this fact by treating persons
held in slavery as persons not property,"—
persons held to labor," is the language; and
this holding is incompatible with the idea of prop-
erty. The declaration to which the Constitution
is referable for explanctuon, declares that all men
are created equal and are entitled to certain rights;
the Constitution was never held to impair, by any
construction,thatdeclaration; the Constitution of
the United States knows nobody under any other
name or style than persons. Where is the right
given in that instrument to a party as owner of a
man as property ? I know of none, and I should
like any strict constructionist, here or elsewhere,
to inform me.
The framers of the Constitution have used lan-
guage having an opposite meaning, quite another
and different signification, than owner, property,
and the like*, " persons;" they say persons legal-
ly held to labor; and certainly no chattel can be
the subject of law. Every member of Congress,
tho honorable gentleman from Georgia included,
is described in that instrument by the same term,
and by no other term.
These arguments for slavery are gathered from
that remote age when bondmen were the captives
of 44 a man's sword and his bow"—a sanguin-
ary period. Even thenkidnappingand man-steal-
ing met the death penalty by Divine command.
The gentleman quoted the tenth commandment for
our reflection; but the eighth comes before it, and
carries equal sanctions. Let that be reverently
considered also. I do not know, sir, that any-
body at tho North " covets or desires" to meddle
with these4' men servants or maid servants." Our
southern friends have them all and entirely to
themselves. Nor do I know that we have ever
claimed the right to interfere with that domestic
institution in the States—certainly not unless the
Missouri compromise repeal might authorize the
war to be carried into JSjrica. The gentleman
claims for slavery a greater exemption from cnmc
than prevails in a free community, and produces
the police records of New York in proof. I am
forced to admit that we have no exemption from
crime in New York to boast of; yet letJiie say
we have few crimes of greater enormity than sell-
ing wives and children at the auction block.
In regard to this argument drawn from anti-
quity, I reply that its fields have all been reaped,
gleaned, and garnered. The accumulated wisdom
of past ages is, at the present time, to be shone
upon and sanctified by Christianity, which teaches
the fulfillment "of all the law and the prophets"
in the higher injunction of universal brotherhood.
The world moves, and " the ignorance that was
winked" at, "becomes*monstrous in the light of
that great Christian obligation.
The ingenuous Doctor Franklin has anticipa-
ted all these arguments for slavery of the African,
"a heathen race," as the gentleman terms them,
in his account of a report of the Divan of Algiers,
one hundred and seventy years ago, upon a peti-
tion to abolish the slavery of white Christian men
in that State.
A petition was presented to the Divan of Algiers,
praying for the abolition of piracy and slavery,
as being unjust, and the report of a member of
the Divan is as follows:
" Have these persons considered the consequences of
granting their petition ? If wo cease our sruises against the
Uhnstiaus, how shall we be iuruisheit with commodities so
necessary lor us ? If we <01 bear to make slaves of their peo-
ple, who in this hot climate aie to cultivate our lands ? Who
are to perform the common labors m our families? Must
wo not, then, be our own slaves? Is then* not more favot
due to us titan to these Chu^tian dogs? We have about
tiity thousand slaves ; tins number, il not kept up by fresh
supplies, will gradually be annihilated ; our kinds will be-
come ot no value for want of cultivation ; the rents of houses
will sink one half: for what? To giatily the whims of a
whimsical sect, who would have us foibeai making more
slaves not only, but even manumit iho.-e; we have.
" But who is to indemnify their masters tor this lo<s«, and
would they, to do what the) think justice to the slaves, do
gieater injustice to their ovvneis ? And if we set our slaves
at liberty, what is to be done with them ? Few would ic-
tnm to their own country. Must we maintain them ; lor
men accustomed to slavery will not woik when not com-
peted; and what 1? there so pitiable in then piesent con-
dition ? Is their condition made wor&e by lalhng into our
hands? No; for they have only exchanged one slaveiy for
a better; they have the opportunity of saving their immoital
souls. - They die too iguoiant to establish a good govern-
ment. While saving u* we take good oaie ot them ; pio-
vule them eveiytinng, and tieatthem with humanity. Tne
laboreis in their own countiy aie woi>e led, woise "lodged
and clothcd ; the condition of many of them h, tlicicfore,
already mended, and requires no further improvement.
Here their lives aie in safety. If some of these mad bigots
who tease us with their petitions, have freed their slaves in
their blind zeal, it was not humanity.
u IIow gro^ly are they mistaken who imagine that the
Alcoran disallows slavery! are not the two precepts—to
quote, 110 more—'■Musters* treat your slaves with kindness,'
; 'Stave-, ^eive your masteis with cheerfulness and fidelity'
| —clear pi oofs to the contiary ? Let us heat no more of
| this detestable proposition, the adoption ot which would be
| depreciating our lands and depriving so many good citizens
of their propeiues."
The Divan passed this resolution:
" The doetiine that plundering and enslaving Christians is
unjust is at least -problematical; but that it is the mteiest of
the State to continue the practice is clear; therefore, let the
petition be rejected."
Men's interests are operated on with surprising
similarity in all countries and climates. These
were white men slaves in JljYtca.
That gentleman and others threaten a dissolu-
tion of the Union if this so-called Lecompton con-
stitution Jge not treated with favor here; that, let
me say, is beating upon the same old parchment
around this Hall, giving forth the same monoton-
ous sounds, provoking only weariness. For my
own part, sir, I am disgusted with that maimed,
bloated, bandaged old form, that has hobbled on
crutches and staves by day, and been set up with,
watched and nursed on his miserable couch by
night, so long; I desire to see the hale and stal-
wart personification of Union which the fathers
sketched and left us, sound, reliable, cordial, and
of hearty cheer; I desire t^ee no other represent-
ation or reality. If the gentleman's State is im-
patient of parental and wholesome restraint, rather
than these threats, complaints, and heart-burn-
ings, I would vote to-day to divide to her her share
of the common inheritance, with an additional and
liberal outfit to enable her to set up housekeeping
on her own account, and let her go, and no more
words about it; when she comes back suppliant
for readmission, knocking at our door, as she
must do in about ninety days, we will then con-
sider the question of annexation; yes, sir, we will
think of that.
1 desire to tell the gentleman a story illustrative
of the position of hss State, and the consequence
to follow the execution of these threats of disso-
lution. A son of the Emerald Isle, employed in
digging a well, was let down about half way,
some twenty feet, when the rope by which he was
suspended became entangled in the machinery.
He became impatient of his position, and, thought-
less of consequcnces, he cried out, " if you don't
letme up, or let mc down, I'll cut the rope." So
would these gentlemen cut the rope. The Ad-
ministration reason justly, no doubt, that as a
question of party policy its reliance must be upon
the southern Democracy, it has abundant reason,
from the past, for confidence in northern compli-
ance. The annexation of Texas and the repeal
of the Missouri compro.mise had both the one
object, the extension of slavery. The success of
those measures involved the political ruin of
I northern adherents who voted for them, and threw
the Democratic party at the North into a minority,
but the North returned to its allegiance in due
time. That result authorizes further exactions
by the South, and confidence in further and future
compliance on the part of the North. They have
every reason to assume that they can treat their
northern allies—
" As a huntsman his pack,
For when he pleases, he can whistle them back."
There may come a time when the northern wing
of the party will perceive that the Government
has become a great southern agency, with the
President of the United States its chief clerk; and
may be disposed to yield to interest or to patriot-
ism what is now given to party. Has that time
now come? The President deprecates the effect
of the defeat of this measure, upon the fourteen
slave States, and says a " keen sensibility will be
felt by them at so untoward an event." His sym-
pathy appears in no degree awakened to any vio-
lencc-to the sensibility of fifteen northern States.
With an equal show of propriety might the Pres-
ident fear for their sensibility at the " untoward
event" of any northern State having been per-
mitted to flourish under free constitutions; and so
far as that reason goes they might bo exhorted to
yield those to blunt the keen" edge of southern
sensibility. They will not yield themselves or
Kansas to that appeal—it is quite too sectional.
The gentleman from New York, my honorable
colleague, very frankly foreshadows the policy of
the Government, with a view to the settlement of
all these exciting questions. When he went for
" wholesale appropriation" of foreign territory
by the Government—acquisition by conquest, in-
stead of by predatory incursions and petit occu-
pation by individuals in arms; robbers on their
own account—the gentleman indicated the humane
view ot that subject, one that will direct the pub-
lic mind to serious reflection thereon; and at the
same time he promulged to this House and the
country the policy of the Government quite dis-
j| tmctly; as by authority. The basis of that policy
jj is to be the Ostend circular.
Walker, hitherto supposed to be a secret agent
of the Government, is to be abandoned to his fate,
as was his ancient prototype, Robert Kidd, in
whose enterprises the British King is said also to
have shared. The transit route is to be guaran-
