tm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
T:he yeas and nays were ordered; and being
tak§n, resulted—yeas S3, nays 22; as follows; .
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Bright, Brown, Clav, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Green, Ham-
mond, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Mason, Folk, Pagh, Sebastian, Sii-
deli. and Toombs—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Chandler, Collamer,
Criueaden, Dixon, DoohtUe, Darkee^ ij'essenden, .Foot,
Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Jones, Kennedy, King, Sew-
ard, Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, and Wade—22.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, I desire to give notice that
on to-morrow, or some subsequent day, I shall
ask leave to introduce a bill making an appropri- i
ation of $55,000 for the improvement of thechan-
nel over the St. Clair ilats.
Mr. PUGH, The question is on the resolu-
tion as amended, is it not ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the In-
dian appropriation bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that there is one other
State here waiting for admission into the Union;
and I have, been watching for an opportunity to
bring up her bill. I allude to Oregon. The bill
has been reported for some time; and I think, as
Kansas and Minnesota have gone through the
Senate, it is but fair now to take up the Oregon
bill and dispose of it. I do not think it will take
more than a few minutes; I shall ask, if the mo-
tion of the Senator from Virginia does not pre-
vail, that we proceed to the consideration of the
bill for the admission of Oregon into the Union.
Mr. CLAY. The next special order, I think,
is the bill to repeal the fishing bounties.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
first special order.
Mr. CLAY. I am willing to yield to an ap-
propriation bill, as those bills are indispensable;
but I will yield to nothing else. 1 am induced to
yield for another reason: neither of the Senators
from Massachusetts is in his seat, and one of them
[Mr. Wilson] sent me word that he desired to
be present when my bill was taken up, and ne-
cessarily would he absent two or three days on
account of sickness in his family. I am willing
to let it lie over on that account, until to-morrow;
but I hope that it will be taken up m its regular
order at one o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. HAMLIN. Does the Senator from Ala-
bama mean to take it up to-morrow if the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts does not letum?
Mr. CLAY. At any late, then, I shall ask to
have it taken up, as he certainly will have time
to be heard on it. With the general understand-
ing that it shall come up in order to-morrow at
one o'clock, I will give way to the appropriation
bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There can be no such un-
derstanding.
Mr. HUNTER. If we intend to adjourn on
the day we have fixed, it is indispensable to give
priority to the appropriation bills. 1 think this
one will not detain the Senate long. Itisa merely
the regular Indian bill, making appropriations ac-
cording to law. I hope it will be taken up.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. T really hope
that we shall proceed with business in its regular
order. The fishing bounties bill has been standing
on the Calendar for a considerable length of time,
and I understand the gentleman who reported the
bill is prepared to go on with its consideration at
present, af that is to be waived, and these mo-
tions are to intervene, here comes forwaid another
Senator, who proposes to admit Oregon into the
Union a3 a State. When we see that, is it not
better for us to proceed in regular order and take
up the business at it stands on the Calendar,and
dispose of it?
I can see no great necessity for pressing the
Indian appropriation bill at this time. All the ap-
propriation bills will go through. They have a
sufficient weight and influence always to take them
through. I do not think the country will suffer a
great deal by the delay of a few days in the pas-
sage of the appiopiiation bills; I do not think the
Treasury will suiler by that; and 1 doubt very
much whether we shall hear any complaints
throughout the country in consequence of appro-
priation bills not being pressed through in such hot
haste. I am willing to give gentlemen all the aid
I can to take up bills in their proper order.
I wish to say, in this connection, that if I un-
derstand the Calendar aright, the homestead bill
comes up next after the fishing bounties bill. The
friends of that measure have been here quietly,
patiently—or perhaps I ought to say impatiently—
waiting for a considerable length of time to have
that bill reached. I am in hopes that business
will go on in its proper order, and that that bill
will be taken up and disposed of. The gentleman
from Alabama is now ready, and I understand
the Senator from Maine is ready, to go into the
consideration of the first special order. Why
not take it up, and let the Indian appropriation
come up in its proper place, and be disposed of
in due time? Let us take up first the fishing
bounty bill, which is the first special order; next,'
the homestead bill, and dispose of it as we reach
it. I am inclined to think that the great mass of
the American people are as deeply inteiested in
the proper distribution of the public lands, par-
ticularly when the proposition is to provide homes
for the people, as in the appropriation of thou-
sands and millions out of the Treasury, especi-
ally when the condition of the Treasury is, to say
the least, not at all plethoric. I hope we shall go
on with business in its proper order. I do not
intend to be importunate; I do not intend to be
obtrusive on the Senate; but I have the home-
stead bill, as 1 know many others have, deeply at
heart, and I intend to press it earnestly on the
consideration of the Senate from this time until
it shall be disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER. I call the attention of the
Senator from Tennessee to the fact that, if the ap-
priation bills are to wait until all the spccial orders
are disposed of, they will not be taken up until
after the day fixed for the adjournment. We have
been notified by the President that he will not
sign these bills unless he has time to read and
examine them. I think, with that notification, it
behooves us to, as is generally acknowledged to
be proper, take up those bills, and act on them
first. At any rate, I must take the sense of the
Senate on that proposition.
Mr. BIGGS. The reason assigned by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee against the motion of the
Senator from Virginia is the strongest reason in
the world why 1 shall vote for the motion of the
Senator from Virginia. I cannot but understand
the allusion which he makes to the appropriation
bills as entirely applicable to the homestead bill,
which he has so much at heart; for if there is a
measure before Congress that proposes to squan-
der the public treasure in a worse direction than
any other, it seems to me it is the favorite projet
of the Senator from Tennessee. I think the ne-
cessary appropriation bills ought to claim the at-
tention of the Senate in the first place, instead of
this measure, new m its character, and so profuse
of the public treasure.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. In answer to
the gentleman from North Carolina I will say, as
1 said on a former occasion, that I shall be able
to prove that instead of the homestead bill dimin-
ishing the icceipts into the Treasury, it will have
precisely the contrary effect. I pledge him that,
if he Will unite with the friends of the bill to bring
it up, and give it a fair consideration, and pass it,
insli-ad of its depleting the Treasury or squan-
deiing the public revenue, I shall demonstrate as
clearly and conclusively as figures can demon-
strate anything, that it will increase the public rev-
enue, and, in fact, it ought to be pressed on the
country, at this time, as a revenue measure, cal-
culated, when earned into full and successful
operation, to increase the resources of the nation.
Now, sir, I understand the remark of the Pres-
ident in his message, which has been alluded to,
to be general; that ho will not sign any bill which
is passed at a later period than two days prior to
the close of the session. Then, it is just as im-
portant to have the homestead bill passed two
days before the close of the session as any other
bill, if we expect the signature of the President,
and of that I have no doubt. When the bill is
passed, I have no doubt it will be signed by the
President. I feel satisfied that the public mind is
made up in reference to the measure. I think the
sense of the community is very decided upon the
subject. If the Senate will now reflect the sense
of the count] y, as it has been reflected on various
occasions by the other House, this bill will soon
become the law of the land. I hope we shall pro-
ceed with business in regular order. But if we
are not to do so, I shall press this measure earn-
estly on the consideration of the Senate from day
to day, till the close of the session.
Mr. BIGGS. The Senator from Tennessee as-
sumes that the homestead bill, the favorite of his,
is to pass through both branches of Congress, and
is to be approved by the President. Now, I do
not profess to know anything about the opinion
of the President on this particular measure; but
for thepurpose of excluding a conclusion, I desire
to say that if I understand the position of the
President of the United States in regard to squan-
deringthe publiclan'ds, this is thelast measure to
which he will ever consent to give his approba-
tion; but I trust that it will be strangled in the two
Houses of Congress, as it ought to be. If, how-
ever, it should pass through both Houses, I en-
tertain a confident hope that the President of the
United States will exercise his constitutional
power of vetoing such a measure.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am in hopes
that the President of the United States will have
a fair opportunity to approve or disapprove of
this measure; and I trust we shall not resort to
strategy and legislative maneuver to strangle an
importantbilllike this, which is to provide hom^s
for the people. Sir, the measure has already been
strangled twice. It passed the popular branch of
Congress twice by overwhelming majorities,and
it was sentto this body, and here it was strangled.
Let us have fair, full, explicit action of the Senate
upon the measure, and if the two Houses pass it,
let the President have an unincumbered opportu-
nity to approve or disapprove it. 1 predict now
that the President of the United States, when the
bill is presented to him, will not withhold his sig-
natuie.
Mr. STUART. I am very sorry that the dis-
cussion is so long in regard to the measure that
we shall take up; but inasmuch as it has been so
generally indulged in, I beg leave to say that I
am most emphatically in favor of reaching the
measure which has been brought forward by the
Senator from Tennessee. It was made the spe-
cial order a long time ago, and ought to have
been acted upon, and would have been acted upon
but for the extended controversy about Kansas.
That subject is out of the way temporarily, and
I hope we shall come to the consideration of the
bill of the Senator from Tennessee. It is un-
doubtedly true that if you allow the appropriation
bills to be brought up at any moment, and at all
moments, they will be used as a broad-ax to cut
down every other measure. If Senators were
ready to proceed with the fishing bounties bill, I
should be in favor of taking up that subject, and
ending it by taking the vote of the Senate upon
the bill; but inasmuch as they are not, I am in
favor now of taking up the homestead bill, and
ending that; and if Senators are disposed to vote,
and not to discuss it at any considerable length,
as I think the whole country understands it, we
can vote upon it to-day. If, however, Senators
are disposed to debate it to the extent of their
power,then it ought to come up; it should not be
killed by time. I hope the Senate will vote against
postponing the special order; and inasmuch as the
fishing bounty question is not ready for action, and
the homestead bill is ready, let us take up the lat-
ter; and therefore I ask for the yeas and nays on
this question.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have the vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on postponing the prior orders, and taking up
the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the first special or-
der that is to be postponed ?
Mr. CLAY. The bill to repeal the fishing
boun ties.
Mr. WADE. Is the next the homestead bill?
Mr. KING. That is it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are sev-
eral special orders. 1 do not recollect which is
next m order.
Mr. SEWARD. The next I understand to be
the homestead bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair so
understands.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to state that there was
a special order on the Calendar after the bill of the
