1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that time was twenty-six. Three of these, how-
ever, went in as mere spectators, taking no part
in the proceedings, as they have testified on oath.
Their being there as spectators did not by any
means commit them to the action of that body,
and as a clear exposition of this point of the case,
acquicsced in at the time by the Senator from
Georgia and others, I refer to the debate in Mr.
Harlan's case, from Iowa. The Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] interrupting the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.,] said:
" The Senator from Georgia has seemed to assume afact
that does not exist, against himself and against his argument.
In point of fact, the recoid of the proceedings does show
the pie-ence of a majority of the Senate m thatjomt conven-
tion. Fifteen Senator actually voied. It required sixteen
to constitute a majority ; and Mi. liamsey and Mr. Thurs-
ton, ot the othei party, were present, but requested not to
be considered members of the joint convention; so that
there w,i> present an absolute majority of the Senate.
<kMr. Toombs. Isw that they vvete present, hut not as-
senting to the>e proceedings; and therefore X did not make
any point on their mere corporeal presence.
" Mr. Pugii. The Senator from Georma shouldrecollect
they were called in by the sergeunt-at-anns.
"Mr. Toombs. I make no point on that."
In the Iowa case, a majority of the IIousc and
a majority ot the Senate were actually present
when the election took place, but two of the Sen-
ators desired to be considered as taking no part
in the proceedings, and were so regarded in this
body. Three of the Senators in Indiana went
in as .spectators, and had nothing to do with the
proceedings at the time the votes for Governor
and Lieutenant Governor were counted on the
32th of January. So, sir, I suppose it was not
a matter of any importance how many members
of the Senate may have been actually present
when the votes for Governor were opened by the
Speaker of the House, who took no part,in the
proceedings. This meeting, after the Speaker
had published the vote for Governor and Lieu-
tenant Governor, was by a Senator declared ad-
journed to a subsequent day—not the day when
the election took place, but to the 2d of February,
without stating for what purpose. It was not
declared adjourned by the Lieutenant Governor,
but by some Senator called to the chair.
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator from Illinois
mean to say that that Senator was not the pre-
siding officer?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I mean to say that he
was only presiding officer by being cailcd at that
moment to the chair.
Mr. PUGH. When Governor Wilhrd rose
to take the oath of office, Mr. Gerrv,atthatume
presiding olKcer, gave the chair, as is very com-
mon, to one of the Senators, and that Senator
filled the chair at the adjournment by the oppoini-
ment of Governor Wiilard, who was, at the time
he made the appointment, Lieutenant Governor
and presiding omce-r of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A Senator was callpd to
the chair, as the Senator from Ohio remarks, prob-
ably correctly, by Governor Willsrd. i do not
recollect whether the journal shows that or not;
it is not material. A Senator was called to the
chair, and he declared the meeting adjourned to
some subsequent day, without stating any pur-
pose for which it was adjourned. When that
subsequent day arived, a portion of the Senate,
with the new LieutenantGove>nor,again repaired
to the hall of the House, mid there a°;ain this
meeting was declared adjourned to the 4th of Feb-
ruary. Before the 4t*h of K-brunry airived the
Senate of Indiana took action upon this subject,
and rot, as the Senator from Arkansas s^ems to
suppose, in an irregular wav. On the 29th day
of .Tanuoi y, before either of these adjourned meet-
ings of the members of both branches took place,
jn what was called a joint convention, a pream-
ble and resolution were olfered in the Senate of
Indiana in regular session. That preamble, after
setting oat the nregularities under which a por-
tion of the Senators had repaired to the House of
Repif-sentatives on the 12th of Janua.-y, and after
reciting that it was reported there was an ad-
journed meeting to be held, declared:
"That thi- Senate does disclaim any knowledge of. or
paitieipa'mn in. any meeting or so styled joint convention
tut tli>> above "r anvothei pal pose ; and if, atanyadjoutned
nn'etinv of- ml fmdy, it j > ptopo*ud t<> have any election for
rmr-rf St.Uf - Si nanus, or othei officers, or to transact any
othei ini-iite-s u Inch it mr.![lit be competent for. or the duly
of, tins Getietal Assembly 10 elect oi pe.foim. tins Senate
does hex by most solemnly and earnestly pioiest against
nitv such action as \vbo!i\ unauthoiized by this House,
without n? knowledge, eon.-ent, or concunence, and that
we vviil heif, as elsewhcie.now and forever, lepuduto and
disown such act or action as flagrantly illegal, and a fraud
upon the sovereignty of the people and the State of Indi-
ana.
<c Mr. Tarkington moved to refer the preamble and reso-
lution to the Committee on the Judiciary.
" Ayes 20, noes 27.
" The question recurred upon the adoption of the pream-
ble and resolutions.
"Those who voted in the affirmative were—Messrs.
Bearss, Blair, Bobbs, Burk, Chapman, Cooper, Crane, Cra-
vens, Cruuse, Ensey, Freeland, Green,Griggs, Ilendiy, Hill,
Kinley, March, Murray, Parker, Rice, Sage, Stevens, Suit,
Thompson, Weir, Weston, and Yaryan—27.
" Those who voted in the negative weie—Messrs. Drew,
Pisk, Hargrove, Heftren, Hof-tetler, Johnson, Mansfield,
Mathes, Miller, McCleary, McClure, McLean. Richardson,
Rugg, Slater of Dearborn, Slater of Johnston, Tarkington,
Wallace, Wilson, dud Woods—20 "
So the resolution and preamble were adopted
in a Senate of forty-seven members, at a regular
meeting of the Senate, on the 29th day of January.
Mr. PUGH. I want to call the attention of the
Senator to the fact that neither that preamble and
resolution, nor any others, were ever notified to
the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that they
were ever notified to the House, nor do I suppose
it was at all material that they should be notified
to the House. I take it the House could not get
the Senate into a joint convention without the
Senate's knowledge and consent, and if the meet-
ing assembled to count the votes for Governor
was by a Senator declared adjourned to a subse-
quent day, here was the action of the Senate in
advance of that day, and nearly a week before
the election of Senators took place, repudiating
and disowning whatever might be done at such
adjourned meetings. At a subsequent day, on the
4th of February, another of these adjourned meet-
ings took place; and who were present at the
time? Twenty-four Senators and sixty-two Rep-
resentatives, a majority of the House and a mi-
nority of the Senate. Of those twenty-four Sen-
ators one voted blank—that is on the election of
Mr. Fitch; on the election of Mr. Bright but
twenty-three Senators voted: the other Senator re-
fused to vote at all; so thateven if the Senate con-
sisted of only forty-seven members, twenty-three
would not be a majority, and the one refusing to
vote, on the principle decided in the Iowa case,
could not be considered as present for any purpose.
These elections, then, were made by a mmouty of
the Senate and a majority of the House, but less
than a quorum of either. However, I shall not
dwell upon that point, because it is not necessary
m this case. The constitution of Indiana requires
two thuds of cach branch to be present to consti-
tute a quorum to do business. It is immaterial
here, because a majority of one branch was not
present at the time these supposed elections took
place.
Now, sir, we have before us all the facts about
this election. I have said but Utile about the or-
ganization of the Senate of Indiana at the begin-
ning of the session, because it has nothing to do
with the case. 1 have shown how and by whom
the sitting Senators were elected. But the Sen-
ator from Louisiana makes this point: that the
Ho use journal containing the proceedings of the so-
called joint convention, is conclusive to show that
the Senate of Indiana attended and participated in
the election. I do not suppose that I shall be abb to
say anything that will enlighten the Senator liom
Louisiana on tins subject, but my repiy to that
point is, that one House cannot bind the other by
incorporating m its journal what puinoits to be
the action of both in a joint convention. Tiw con-
stitution of Indiana requires each House to keep
a journal of its own proceedings'. The House
can ke<vp a journal of its own proceedings, and
show that its members went into a jouii meeting
to elect a Senator, but the House cannot make up
its journal of what the Senate did, and bind the
Senate by the record. You must look to the jour-
nal of each House for the ieeon.1 of Us own pro-
ceedings. There is no such thing known to the
constitution of Indiana as a journal of a joint con-
vention.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, I only meant by that what is known to every
Senator as the universal rule—at least it is so in
my State, and I never heard of it being otherwise
elsewhere—that is, that where a joint convention
is called in the hall of one of the bodies, the
record is kept in the body where the convention
meets, in Louisiana, when we have an election
of Senator, both bodies meet in the hall of the
House, and the record of the convention in the
hall of the House is not made by the Secretary
of the Senate, but by the Clerk of the JFIouse. ft
is part of the House record kept by the Clerk -of
the House. I think it is put in the House record,
with us, invariably.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not the practice
in my own State. Each House keeps a journal
of its proceedings, when they meet together to
make these joint elections, ana if my recollection
serves me—the Senator from Ohio will, probably,
recollect and correct me, if in error—each of the
thirty-two States, by its constitution, requires
each House of its Legislature to keep a journal
of its proceedings.
Mr. PUGH. And to provide a Secretary for
the convention.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For a joint convention;
and not to keep the journal of each House. I do
not so understand.
Mr. PUGH, But if the Senator will permit me
I presume the point the Senator from Louisiana
had in his mina is that there was no other record
at all. The Senate journal is simply a blank.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will turn to the act of
Indiana, of 1831, and see what the former prac-
tice was in that State in making up the record of
a joint convention.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It will be found on pages
18 and 1.9. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Jn the second scction of
that act I find the following:
;£ And when voting* it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the Senate, and Cli ik of the House of Representatives to
attend and take dou   the name of each person voting; also,
a tally or the vote? i cceived by each pe^on voied for as* the
to Hers lead the tickets; which tally papers they shall com-
pare after the votes are counted out, and if they agree, they
shall jointly s-tgn each ot them, and hand them u> i ho Pi evi-
dent of the Senate, who, together with tiieSpeakei of the
House of Representatives, shall examine them ; and if any
one person is elected, he shall, by the President oi the Son-
ate, he pioclumed duly elected to 5-erve as a Senator of the*
I State in the Senate of the United States."
Mr. BENJAMIN. That was done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no; the Secretary of
the Senate was not present.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, he was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This election did not take
place under this law at all. It is admitted, on all
han$*, that the law of 1831 was repealed before
this election took place. I merely referred to it
as an illustration of the point 1 was making in
reply to the Senator from Louisiana, that the
journal of the House could be no evidence of the
proceedings of the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator will permit
me to interrupt him a moment. The first conven-
tion counted the votes for Governor and Lieuten-
ant Governor. Where is the record of that? That
is in the House journal, not in the Senate journal
at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We disagree as to that
being a convention, or that any thing could be d ~ne
jl by it. The Speaker simply opens the vote, and.
publishes it in the presence of the two Houses,
They take no action except in the contingency of
a tie vote, and then they proceed immediately to
elect between the persons having the same num-
ber of voles. The opening and publishing the
votes for Governor is simply a ministerial act on
the pan of the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives, which is required by the constitution
of Indiana to be performed in the presence of the
two Houses. The Senate journal contains no
tecoid, as the Senator from Ohio truly remarks,
of the proceedings of any election of Senator, and
i; that very lact i* conclusive; it is the end of this
i case. The very fact that the Senate journal of
i Indiana which, by the constitution, the Senate
; was requued to keep, does not show any election
i' of Senators, is conclusive that no election has
■! been made, unless you assume that an election
I; can bo made without the Senate, and that is th«
!' point to which lam coming. So in regard to the
' ■ journal of the joint convention, to which the Sen-
j atui from Louisiana appeals, as stating upon its
f; face that the Senate, preceded by their presiding
officer, appeared, cannot commit the Senate.
I Surely he will not contend that it would be com-
■ ' patent for a House of Representatives, m any
Ij State, itself to elect a United States Senator, and
jl bv entering on its journal that the Senate parti-
1 cipated in'such election, bind that body by the
I; recital; when, in fact, the Senate was not present,
!! and took no part in the election.
