1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm-
legal right of these gentlemen to retain their seats
one way or the other. I have nothing to do with
it. I only show what had been repeatedly done
in Indiana, and that this veryelection was brought
about by the political friends of the sitting Sena-
tors, in contempt and defiance of the example
which they themselves had set at a previous ses-
sion of the Legislature of Indiana; and that they
are entitled to a full share of that denunciation
which is so freely poured out in this debate on
the heads of legislators who have refused, at the
proper time, to go into an election of United States
Senator.
This was not, as has been supposed, the first
election of a United States Senator under the new
constitution of Indiana. The present constitution
was adopted in 1851. Two years afterward, in
1853, an election took place under it, and Mr.
Pettit was elected. How was that election brought
about? By joint resolution adopted in each
House, agreeing to go into an election. What
was the couise adopted in 1855? Resolution after
resolution for a joint convention to elect a Sena-
tor was sent from one House to the other, where
it was voted down, and no election took place at
that session. In 1857, however, one branch of
the Legislature proceeds to make an election. Is
that the Legislature? We are told this was not
done in defiance of any law; and we are called
upon to show the law that is violated. There
was no law in Indiana, in 1857, on the subject of
electing United States Senators, and therefore we
are told that this election took place in the absence
of any law, and is good. Sir, the election of the
sitting Senators was in violation of law. The
highest and paramount law of the country declares
that members of this body shall be chosen by the
Legislature* of the respective States. The gen-
tlemen whose seats are in controversy were not
elected by the Legislature of Indiana, but by one
of its branches. The supreme law, the Constitu-
tion of the United States, declares that the time,
thy place, and the manner of election shall be pre-
scribed by the Legislature. This election was
not prescribed by the Legislature. Then it is an
election without law; it is contrary to all law and
all precedent, and is establishing a principle which
enables a minority to control a majority, and
gives effect to the revolutionary action of a mi-
nority of the Senate of Indiana, against the de-
rnajonty.
But, sir, this is no ncwcase. The case of the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] involved prin-
ciples analogous m some icspects to this; and as
I think the arguments made upon that case, when
applied to this, are unanswerable, I wish to call
the attention of the S-mate, for a few moments,
to some of them. Mr. Harlan was elected in pur-
suance of a regulation of the Legislature of Iowa.
That Legislature, in both its branches, agreed to
go into an election on a certain day, in joint con- ;
vention. Both blanches met at the time agreed J
upon,seveidlunsuccessful votes were had, and the j
convention was regularly adjourned from time to |
time in accoidance with law. At the adjourned j;
meeting, when Mr. Harlav was elected, he re- j!
ceived The voles of more thjyi fifty of the one hun- \ |
drod members composing the Legislature of Iowa; , j
but there was not voting upon that occasion a !;
majority of the Senate. A m \jority of the Sen- !j
ate were present—thirty Senators constituted the >j
body, and seventeen were i i the room; fifteen p _
voted for Mr. Harlan. A majority were there, / CCy
id th. s body decided that j
not the Legislature, but it was a mere fusion of such mem-
bers of the Seriate as would attend (in contradistinction to
the Senate itself) in the House of Representatives, and
carry on this election. They were not the Senate, nor were
they there as Senators in colore officii."
That was the language of the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary at that time. But,
sir, as a conclusive argument upon this point, I
desire to call the attention of the Senate to the
remarks of the then Senato/from Connecticut,
(Mr. Toucey,) who was also a member of the
Judiciary Committee at that time, which, I think,
placed this case in so clear a light that if Senators
will examine them, it will be impossible to arrive at
but one conclusion in regard to the decision they
are now called upon to make. Mr. Toucey said:
" Mr. Piesident, the question involved in this discussion
is bimply this—none other, neither less nor more : was the
Senate of Iowa present in the hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives whwn this alleged election took place? After the
construction to which allusion has been made was eatly put
upon the constitution, that is the only question which can
arise if we acquiesce in that coustiuetjou."
Omitting a portion of his argument, I proceed
to another part of what he said on that occasion:
" Now, sir, has the Legislature of Iowa the power, di-
rectly or indirectly, to di<panse with the attendance of
eithei brunch ? (Jan the Legislature of Iowa aiter the Con-
stitution of the United State* or the constitution of Iowa?
The whole question niu^t be determined by an examina-
tion of these two instruments, and then by ascertaining the
fact whether the Senate of Iowa was present and partici-
pating n the alleged election.
" I'he question here is, whether you can dispense with
the action of the Senate ? and in cverv other ea;>e, whether
you can dispense with the action of either body?
'* The houotable Senatoi fiom Geoigia [Mr. Toombs] has
put a construction on the Con>titution which would relieve
us tiom any difficulty in this ca-se; foi he s>a\ s that the Con
stiUitiou of the United States mean* that the election shall
be by the member* of the Le i*i:uuie^ ot the States. If
that were the Constitution, there would be no difficulty in
this uiftancc. Ilis is the only po-mon winch has been
taken that solves the difficulty. But is that a construction
of the Constitution, or is it an alteration of the Constitution
of the United States? If the Constitution of the United
States is to be ^o constiued, then it is to be ^o read—that
Senators shall be choscn by the inemhers or the Legislatures
of the respective States. If that were the constiuctiou, I
agiee it would not be necessary that the Legislative should
be in session ; but a majority of the members, all being no-
tified, might meet together, at any time and in anv place,
and tiie vote of the majority of those present, a quorum
being assembled, could elect. Theie wotiM be no Senate
and no House of Ilejneseutative^ tlietc; but the nicmbcis
ot thA Lptrislatme would be theie. There would be no le-
i gislative body ; but the membeis or the Leizi^Luute would
i be theie, and a majonty could elect. It tnat by the tiuo
dared intention and action of a~COnSLluuonal ;i
aiiangement. The answer I have given to that position, I
think, is entirely conclusive.
'•Then, could the Legislature of Town, by any law. dis-
pense with the attendance of either body? Suppose the law
had been, for example, that on the l*t of January both
branches shall meet in the hall of the House atone o'clock,
and shall choose a Senator; but the House of Represent-
atives deteunmed, on a previous day. that they would not
meet there, and accordingly they did not meet; but the
Senate met, together with a minonty of the mem bets of the
House : it i-' obvious theie would be no power in thepeicons
thus assembled to elect."
In speaking of the adjournment of the Iowa
convention, Mr. Toucey said:
The effect m this case of the oider of adjourn merit made
by both branches, as a joint convention, no uiattei who
voted for thai adjournment. wa  to nv a time and place fot
another joint meeting—nothing more. Jlad that vote any
gioa'Ci elicet than a l".vv fixing that tune lor another joint
mee.iiii: would nave had 5 Ccitamlj not: and nenhei the
joint b' dy nor lie*1 Logi-huuio itr-elt can make it apparent
that the Senate was there it the Senate was not theie."
I commend this to the Senatorf'-om Louisiana,
who insists that we must look to the House .jour-
nal to find when the Senate was there. I\Ir. Tou-
said:
Neither the joint body nor the Leiritl.uine of the State
but two refused to ad, and .
it being necesiaiy that a Senator should be elected
by the Legislature, an electi-.ii by a body when
a majority of each branch of the Legislature was
not present was invalid, and the Senator was de-
nied his seat.
Now, I want to call the attention of the Senate
and Senators on the other side who are here, to
some remarks made upon that occasion. Mr.
Butler, who was chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary at that time, stated ill his remarks:
'■ Aeco'ihn" to the ground taken on the other si.lo. not
o'lly if there liail been less limn <i <|iiormn, but if there hn<l
not bin-n a -nr.-'l' Hcnalo! theie, the Ifou^e (>£ JleprecenM-
liv the oil <in i! o.BiiiiMUon of this convention, could
Have gone on ami fXMCKttt all the .minority ot a Leg;.-Ia-
tute to make an election uudei tins act.
[ cannot atnee to tln^ po-mon, for two reasons : m the
first place, although it was a joint convention, the import
of the act was that it um-t he a convention ot the toenatc
iind lluihe of-Representatives ; and it it was not a conven-
tion ot ilie Senate and House of Itcpresentauvcs, it was
bc.ng
not tuere."
can dkspen>o with the necessity of bosh 1"
prcsent, because otherwiM; the Legislature i
111 reply to a question from the Senator from
Maine, [Air. Fe'Isekdcn,] Mr. Toucey said:
"The Senate is incapable ofaetuif? m the capaeitv of in-
dividual member i it intii-t act as a body. It is ji distinct
hi'inch of the Lfgi-Utme ; it i- a political <wi*tenc e, and
thai political evidence muM be in < oir.uneuoo with tlie
other political existence, the Hoiwe ot H'-nM-^eninnvi be-
toie thev can motluee the reMilt lequ'rod In tlse Constitu-
tion Otherwise, >ou icsolve the CoiiMituuon into the ni-
terpieuuon ot the honoi.ibl*? Senator tn>m Geoi<n i. a-:d <.ay
the eio'-tion to he by the ptosis who constitute the Le-
gislature. and not by the Legislature it ><■]'• Tiiere is no
mid-wa\\ I d:my that it would be competent foi iheiiiLin-
bei^ofthe two blanches to come togjthei a-; individual.--,
arid make achoieeot a person toscivc as Senator. It would
be couhaiy to the natuse of a h^i-lative act, and it would
he contiaiy to the vety law under winch they weie pmle^^-
ni2 to act, because toat law leqmred that the Senate should
htAherem ptxi>uance of it? own action ; that ir^ teller should
be ther* ; that its r<ecictaiy should tiicr.", foi the purple
of keeping a record; that that record sfaouldbe entered on th^
journal of the Senate, and whatever they m§y irnve done,
can only be proved by the record. They can aerlnnq other
way. I say, then, sir, that unless you dispense with
Constitution of the United States, and the constitution .of
Iowa, and every principle which ia applicable tp legislative
bodies, it cannot be said that the Legislature of Iowa was
present in joint convention, on the 6th of January, E855$
when this election was purported to be made."
The Senator from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Bigler,]
whom I do not now see in his seat, on that oc-
casion put a question to the Senator from Georgia
in this language:
" Now another point, if tlie Senator please?. If I under-
stand him coirectly, he argues that the convention having
been regularly constituted originally, the Senate having
convened with the House, and constituted a convention, a
majority of the convention so constituted could continue
its proceedings from day to day, although the Senate might
meet m its organized capacity.
" Mr. Toombs. Ceitainly I do.
" Mi. Bigler. The Senators position is,that the House
of Representatives bemjr a tnajoutv of the members of the
convention, could contiol the coordinate branch of the Le-
gislative to any extent, and for any length of tune ; and that
although the Senate, which makes part of the Legislature,
might have convened and leiriamed m session, and pro-
ceeded with business, the ITou-e of Representatives could
go on and elect a United States Senator. I understand the
Senator to contend for this-
'• I\Ir. Toombs. Certainly I do.
il Mr. Bioler. There we differ."
Why, sir, that is this case. There is the an-
swer of the Senator from Pennsylvania to much
of the argument of the Senator from Ohio to-day.
Mr. Bayard asked a question in that connection:
uMr. Bayard. Perhaps I had better put my question in
a different form. The point involved in it is, in my judg-
ment, the pointon which this case turns. Mv inquiry was,
whether any Senator ever took bis seat in this body where
a question w.is made, and it appeared that, at the time and
place ot election, a quorum of both branches ot the Legis-
Uiuie was not present?
4k Mr. Rnrujit. Theie has never been such a case."
This is what Mr. Butler, then chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary, said, thatthere never
had been such a case. Sir, we will establish one
if we adopt the resolution of the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
said upon that occasion:
"When that convention fails to be a convention of the
Senate and H-mse of Representative*, it no longer has the
legislative power of the State oi Iowa, and is, therefore, not
such a body as under the tprm* oi the Constitution of the
nmtcd States, can clect a Senaioi. That is the ditticulty."
'I The Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallory/}
i', not now in his seat, took identically the same
! iCiound. Tiie Congressional Globe containing the
j debate upon that case, is full of argument upon
J the very point involved in this, and it seemed to
1 me, the case being changed as it is here, that the
I remarks made upon that occasion are much more
j applicable to the case of the members from indi-
i ana than they were to the Iowa case, because in
i the Iowa case, a regular convention had been as-
■ sembled. We all agreed about that, that there
had hef>n a regular convention,and we all agreed
j that that convention had authority to adjourn
1 fiom time to time. Now, the most that is con-
! tended for here by the Senators from Ohio and
j Louisiana is, that there was a regular convention
] to count the votes for Governor, which had au-
i thority to adjourn. That is the most they con-
tend for as to the regularity of the convention,
and 
Mr. PCJGH. I claim that the convention, for
■ ; all purposes, was exoctly such a convention aw
, met in Iowa. I see no difference between the cases
: in th.it regard.
Mi. TRUMBULL. It might be just as good
as the convention m Iowa, but it could^ not be
■! bettoi•, for we all agreed the convention in Iowa
' did assemble m pursuance of a joint resolution.
Tiu-ie was never any objection made to that.
That convention ^ot together in a legitimate way,
as all admitted. Now, we deny this in Indiana.
■ The Senator from Ohio assumes it. Grant, for
the sake of the argument, that he_ is light; he
certainly has got no better convention than that
' in Iowa'. 1 do not think he lias as good a one,
and I therefore think the case is dslFi-renf; but
<u>nly the remarks made upon that occasion, and
' the argument of the Senator from Louisiana to
tins very case, and what is the answer to k? I
| will read a portion of his argument, for I think it
! directly applicable. I will adopt u as my own,
: as applicable to this case. He says:
j' <■ 1 think we may the more leadily seta clear view of the
I true principles which govern the bubjeet, if we take the
'■ provisions of the Constitution nf the Umt'-d States ynU the
