1#16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
here from citizens of Washington in regard to the
election riots, and have been trying to get it in for
months.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman can present
it under the rules, and have it referred to any com-
mittee he desires.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Give me a
select committee; that is all I want.
BUSINESS OF THE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. GOODE. I wish to ask the House to set
apart two days for the transaction of business of
the District of Columbia; and I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to allow me to submit a reso-
lution for that purpose.
Mr. J. GLANCT JONES. I would do it with
a great deal of pleasure, but I feel that I am bound
to insist upon going into the Committee of the
Whole, to take up the public business. If the
House do not choose to do so, they can vote down
my motion.
Mr. GOODE. This House is the only Legis-
lature this District has, and if the House will not
set apart some time for its business, it will have
no legislation at all.
Mr. CLINGMAN. What days does the gen-
tleman propose to set apart?
Mr. GOODE. Monday and Tuesday, the 24th
and 25th of this month.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall object to every special
order. Letushave the committees called regularly
for reports.
Mr. FLORENCE. Do I understand that my
colleague will not allow me to introduce a bill? I
appeal to his sympathy and to the sympathy of
the House. Iam exceedingly unwell,and I desire
that this bill shall be referred to a committee. I
ask it as a personal favor.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have a bill which
I desire very much to introduce.
Mr. RUSSELL. And 1 another.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let us, then, have a morn-
ing hour.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman can intro-
duce his bill to-morrow.
Mr. FLORENCE. The committee to which I
wish to refer it meets to-morrow morning.
The House divided on Mr. J. Gjlancy Jones's
motion; and there were—ayes 74, noes 57.
So the motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, Mr. Burnett in the
chair.
PENSION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated the business first in
order to be the consideration of House bill No.
259, granting pensions to the officers and soldiers
of the war with Great Britain of 1812, and those
engaged m Indian wars during that period; on
which Mr. Savage was entitled to the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 raise the point
of order which I raised in the former session of
the committee—that the appropriation bills take
precedence of the pension bill announced by the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules that
point of order.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to make
my motion I move-to take up the appropriation
bill No. 201, and I make my point of order on that.
I am desirous of testing the sense of the House
on this question. The House understands the
reason why I make the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair thisqnestion. if the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moves to proceed with the bill which was
under consideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union before the pension bill,
that bill will take precedence now that the special
order has expired.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order for this reason: it is true that the
appropriation bill to which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania refers was under consideration in the
Committee of theWhoie on the state of the Union
before the bill now pending. The House fixed
certain days for the consideration of the bill. The
time expired, but the House, by a subsequent
resolution, determined to extend the discussion
on this bill three hours. The discussion on this
bill has been closed. The resolution further pro-
vides that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union shall then read the bill by sec-
tions, and proceed to-vote. The Chair does not
know of any instance in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union where the com-
mittee has laid aside a bill under such a state of
facts, and taken up another bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
that there is another case exactly like this in the
history of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. As I stated before,
I do not want to discuss the point, but 1 appeal
from the decision of the Chair, so as to get at the
sense of the committee 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for tellers.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to call t
the attention of the committee to what is embraced j
and involved in the ruling of the Chair. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. If this is not debatable I !
object to the gentleman from Maine debating it. :
1 should like to speak on it. myself, if it is open to |
debate. j
Mr. WASHI3URN, of Maine. I understand j
that this matter is open to debate. Debate 13 not j
■ limited, and it is in order to discuss any question i
j in the Committee of the Whole on the state of!
, the Union.
I The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order except
unanimous consent is given.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The ruling of
the Chair is a direct revolution of the whole prac-
tice of the House in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The CH AIRM AN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. J. Gl\ncy Jones] makes the point
of order that the bill No. 259 is not the first busi-
ness in order in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and that the special order
having expired, it is in order to move to take up
any other bill that is pending, and moves to take
up one of the appropriation bills, No. 201, which
I was under consideration m the Committee of the
i Whole on the state of the Union, before the sne-
: cial order was taken up. The Chair overrules the
i point of order for the reasons given when the ques-
I tion was presented when the House was last in
committee. The House had fixed the 22d, 23d,
and 24th of April for the discussion of this pen-
sion bill. The time for discussion has expired;
but the House, by a subsequent resolution, de-
termined to extend the debate for three hours. A
resolution was passed that debate should be closed j
in three hours after the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union should have resumed its
consideration, and that then the bill should be read j
through by sections, and that the committee should
proceed to vote upon it. The Chair holds that the
time fixed for the closing of debate having ex-
pired, it is not in order now to take up any other |
business till the order of the House in regard to .
bill No. 259 shall have been executed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Can a majority of the
House make a special order?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman,
and Washburn of Maine, were appointed.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to ask the Chair
whether the same question was not disposed of
the last time we were iri committee ?
The CII-YIRMAN. It was decided, and the
decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SICKLES. Was not the appeal taken on
the same point? j
The CHAIRMAN. It was. ^ I
Mr. SICKLES. No business has intervened [
since. |
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It was not the j
same question. |
The House divided; and the tellers reported— |
ayes 39, noes 84. i
So the decision of the Chair was reversed. |
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL, j
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now move to take ]
| up House bill No. 201, being the bill making ap- ,
j propriations for the legislative, executive, and ju- 1
j dicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending; the 30th June, 1859.
The CPlAJRMAN. The Clerk will read the
pending amendment. I
The amendment was read, as follows: |
Page 7, lines one hundred and riiiny-eight ami one him- !
| died and Unity-nine, sinke out the words the draughts- ;
j men and clerks employed upon thy land maps." j
I Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, Before the House !
proceeds to the consideration of that amendment,
I desire to modify an amendment I offered the
other day, when this bill was under consideration.
In the amendment adopted by the committee for
the compensation of the reporters of the House,
I desire to have the words " the present session
of Congress" stricken out, and the words "for
the second session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress"
inserted. This is an appropriation bill for the
next fiscal year, and 1 desire to have this amend-
ment apply to the next session of Congress, and
not to the present, as the amendment now stands.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to ask the Chair a
question. What becomes of the old soldiers'bill ?
1 would like to know.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman had paid
attention to the proceedings of the committee he
would have known. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIDSON. I only wanted the reporters
to know that I asked the question. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. When the bill was under
consideration last, in Committee of the Whole,
the gentleman from Ohio offered an amendment
making an appropriation for the compensation of
the reporters for the present session of Congress.
He now proposes to modify that amendment as
he has stated.
Mr. REAGAN. That amendment has been
voted upon and disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is any objection,
the modification pannot be made.
Mr. SEWARD. The amendment was adopted,
and cannot now be changed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman from
Georgia does not understand the matter. The
Clerk drew up the amendment I offered, and made
the appropriation apply to the present session of
this Congress, when it ought to apply to the next
session.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. When the com-
mittee was last in session upon this bill, an amend-
ment was offered by the gentleman from Ohio to
provide for the compensation of the reporters of
this House. I objected to that amendment, and
voted against it. The committee, however, voted
it in by adecided majority. I understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio now merely asks to correct a
verbal inaccuracy. I know it is not in order to
go back, but I have no objection to a correction
of the phraseology of the proposition which docs
not alter it in any particular.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia objects.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Then I ask to have
the pending amendment reported.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 do not desire to be under-
stood as objecting.
Mr. REAGAN. I renew the objection.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The pending bill
to which this amendment was offered, is the an-
nual appropriation bill for the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1859—the next fiscal year. Now, I
objected to the amendment at the time it was of-
fered; but the committee voted it in by a decisive
majority. The amendment has this verbal inac-
curacy about it: that, while the bill is for the ex-
penses of the next fiscal year, the amendment
applies to the present fiscal year.
Either the amendment ought to be stricken out,
or this inaccuracy ought to be corrected.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania is well aware of the fact that the com-
mittee cannot go back to take up matter that has
been passed upon, except by general consent.
Objection being made, the Chair has directed the
Cleik to report the pending amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Debate on this bill
has not yet been closed.
The CHAIRMAN. It has not been.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The amendment
has no verbal inaccuracy about it. It is just as
it was intended at the time it was offered; and
why is it that it is now necessary to change it,
and make it apply to the next session ? It is be-
cause your deficiency bill, signed by the Speaker,
and just announced to the House as enrolled, ap-
propriated this same $800 to each reporter for the
present session of Congress. It is therefore ne-
cessary, in order not to give them two extras for
this session, to make this apply to the next ses-
sion, which will come in the fiscal year for which
this bill, now before the committee, is intended
to make appropriations. That is the reason. If it
remains as it is, of course the House will, when
