1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2944
to this single point, whether the joint convention
on the 12th day of January could elect United
States Senators. I lake the position th^it was
not two Houses as assumed by the Senator from
Illinois and the Senator from Vermont; for if I
bad the constitution and the law under which
they assembled before me, 1 could prove that it
was a joint convention; that the two Houses had
then and there coalesced, and lost their separate
identity. It will be remembered—I will not take
time to read it—that while the constitution says
the Speaker shall open the votes in the presence
of both Houses of the Legislature it goes on to
say that if no candidate lias a majority they shall,
by joint vote, proceed to elect a drovemor. There
cannot be a jpint act without a joint.association.
They are in a condition competent to perform a
joint act under the constitution, and if they have
the constitutional power, and are in the condition
to perform a joint act if the necessity should ex-
ist, then their relation is a joint relation. How
would it be possible for two Houses not having
a joint relation to perform a joint act? The con-
stitution says they shall, by joint vote, elect a
Governor, if none of the candidates has a major-
ity. The nature of the act, or the vote, results
from the relation of the parties pei forming it; and
if the act or vote is a joint act or joint vote, then
the relation of the bodies is a joint relation.
It will not be pretended, I hope, by any one
that it would be impossible to electa Senator prior
to the passage of any law, Congress never having
touchcd flue subject by providing for the time and
manner of the election. There are instruments
to enable them to come together to perform their
work; but, if by any legal method they could get
together without making use of these instrument-
alities, it is just as perfectand complete as if they
had them ail in force.
It has been assumed by the Senator from Illi-
nois, that a majority of the Senate of the State of
Indiana never went into the House of Represent-
atives m joint convention; and he has said, I be-
lieve frequently during this debate, that we l^ave
no power to go behind the record and see who
was legally elected to the State Senate m Indiana.
1 shall not touch on that subject further than to
show what the Senator from Illinois thought of
that subject when another matter was pending in
this body. He then used this language, in rela-
tion to poor bleeding Kansas:
" As a member of this body, I freely say to the Senatoi
ftom Delaware that, u the time pliall come while I hold a
seat here that a Lcsi-luturo «Uould thus b.j imp'^ed upon
my State, and should setul a person here as Senator. I eet-
t.unly would not vote to give him his seat; but I would
■vote to give the seat to the ?<nuuoi elio^u bv the Le^n-Oa-
tuip whose membeiss wmo elected by the citizens of Illi-
nois authoiized to vote by hei oigamc act."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that is very good
doctrine, and I will do the same thing now. If
the government of Indiana had been subverted
by a foreign power, and a Legislature imposed
on her, 1 certainly would not recognize it.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator denies our right to
go behind the record to inquire into the legality of
their election, saying that the election, ieturns,
and qualifications of the membeis are matters to be
adjudged of by the body of which they are mem-
beis; but if disposition here taken by him hp true,
you would have to inquire into the fact whether a
Legislature was imposed upon them by force; and
tha^ very inquiry opens up the consideration of
the legality of their elections. Open up that ques-
tion, and he knows that three or four Senators
who held seats in Indiana were elected by fraud;
and I know of no difference between fraud and
force, except that fraud has a moral turpitude at-
tached to it that force has not, for there is a bold-
ness and manliness about it. In the three districts
from which these throe Senators were returned,
these questions have been judicially determined
against their election. I only throw out that—
not as material in this investigation, for it is clear
enough in my mind without any reference to that—
shnpTy to show the position of the Senator from
Illinois at tiiat time and his position at this time:
then claiming to inquire whether they were prop-
erly elected or not; now closing his lips and seek-
ing to close ours, because he fears the cat will be
pulled from under the blanket. _
To come back to the real argument affecting, this
case: the two Houses of the Indiana Legislature
loyally assembled under the constitution. As the
Senator from Louisiana properly remarked, it is
not to be presumed that they violated their oath of
office. They were compelled to meet. In pursu-
ance of law, they did meet: and the Governor was
inducted into office. The law said he should only
be inducted into office in the presence of the joint
convention. Every presumption, therefore, is in
favor of that first joint meeting. It, then, was a joint
meeting of the two Houses. The two Houses lost
their personal identity. They coalesced; they be-
came one body. Since all points as to the adjourn-
ments have been given up and abandoned; it being
now conceded that each subsequent step in this
proceeding was as valid, and each subsequent
meeting clothed with all the power the first meet-
ing had; the only real question to be determined is:
as the constitution brought them together for the
execution of a purpose, could they, after the exe-
cution of that purpose, do anything else ? That is
the only question to debate in this case. They were
legally assembled; they legally constituted a joint
convention; they were compelled, of necessity, to
do it under the law; they did it. When the neces-
sity that brought them together ceased, could they
resolve themselves into their native elements, or
into their native characters, and become two -sep-
arate bodies again without the consent of the joint
convention ? That brings up the very point to
which I called attention before, to wit: that the
choice of Senators, under the Constitution, must,
in the first place, be an election; that the right of
voting attaches to each member of the Legisla-
ture as perfectly and as fully as it does to the elect-
ors for members of the other House as individ-
uals; and that, when the Constitution of the United
States was formed, it was contemplated that there
would be one small House and the other large;
not only contemplated, but clearly set forth; for
it states that the qualifications for electors of mem-
bers of the House of Representatives of the (Tin-
ted States shall be the same as for electors of the
most numerous branch of the State Legislature.
We thus see in the mind of the convention that
fiamed the Federal Constitution this additional
idea, not only that the Legislature is a body se-
lected by name as the electors of Senators; not
only that that body must vote per capita; but that
it was supposed one House would be more nu-
merous than the other. With these three leading
ideas, passing over the necessity of having some
means uf bringing them together m jobit con-
vention, when they do get in convention theie
is a constitutional duty to perfoim.. The con-
stitution imposes it on them to elect a Senator.
They meet for one purpose. Can a majority of
that convention do anything else ? I answer,
yes; because being now a unit—being a body
that has lost its separate existence —it is not a
House of Representatives, is not a Senate, but
a joint body. Whatever a majority of that joint
body can do, what the constitution authorizes
them to do, they may do. The constitution does
authorize them to elect a Senator. They uie
now all together in contemplation of law. There
is no mode pointed out for the election of Sena-
tor. In the absence of any mode, it ought to be
of necessity by joint convention of the two bodies.
I cannot say that m passing a law to regulate the
manner of election, it would not be competent to
vest one body with the right to vote by itself and
the other body to concur or non-concur. I need
not go that far for the purposes of this case; and
I have generally found U best in making any ar-
gument, to confine myself to the real points ne-
cessary to bear upon the pasticular case. It will
not be denied, however, by any Senator present,
that an election in jointconvention is a valid elec-
tion.
Now, docs a previous consent to meet in joint
convention for a specific purpose add any addi-
tional power to a convention legally met, thus
coalesced, becoming a joint body? Their power
is derived from the constitution. There is no
joint resolution authorizing them to elect; there
is no law authorizing them to elect. Consent is
to be drawn from the act, as they have legally
met if they act. I am supposing, f« r the purposes
of this aigument, that, on the 15th day of Janu-
ary, they acted; all questions as to the adjourn-
ment having been given up, and it being conceded
that what they did was as valid as if done on the
12th of January. The very act is evidence of
consent, and the only consent that is required^ It
is not necessary to pass a previous determination
to do the thing, if the constitution gives you the
power, and you have the right to do it. As I
before remarked, it saves trouble, and provides a
means of accomplishing a constitutional end, to
have a Jaw regulating this subject; and I think it.
very much to be regretted that any State should'
be without a law in regard to it. Yet, if a State
be without law, and the members of the Legisla-
ture do*constitutionally assemble together and
exercise a constitutional power, the very act o**
exercising it is consent enough. This idea about
a majority of the. Senate being required to be pres-
ent in every joint convention in order to consti-
tute that convention legally, is not correct. The
bodies never can coalesce unless they meet as
bodies, and as they come together they become
one. Having become one, parts of it may slough
off, as the Republicans did in the convention in
Indiana, and still the entirety, the unity, the es-
sence of the joint convention remains; and if in
that sloughing process a majority of one branch
should slough off, it leaves the convention still a
legal body. Then in my teeth will be thrown
the decision in the Iowa case. Not so. There
was a speciiiclaw in the State of Iowa requiring
each House to consent in order to constitute a
joint convention. That consent was first given,
but it was afterwards taken away; and when it
was taken away, it was contended in this body—
whethei truly or untruly, whether rightfully or
wrongfully, 1 shall not stop to inquire—that the
unity of the convention was destroyed because
the consent of one body was withdrawn. Rut in
the case of Indiana, no consent was required; the
constitution compelled them to come together.
They did comc together; and it was not compe-
tent for them to withdraw consent.
Mr. Piesident, 1 shall not consume any more
time. This case is in a nut-shell. The voting is
to be an election. Election implies equality among
S the electors. It cannot be anything else. The
| persons to elect are designated as the Legislature.
The Legislature may consist of one, two, three,
or five Houses, and each member of each House
is a unit in the election, for equality among the
electors is the fundamental principle of election.
Propriety requires ordinarily some process to get
them together. Heie there being no law to pro-
hibit their coming together, and there being a con-
stitution to command it, they can execute tiie end
and dischaige that trust. Such was the case in
the State of Indiana, and I hold it to be a legal
election, legal under the constitution of the State,
and under the Constitution of the United States.
There was no other law. I need not stop to talk
about usage; I care nothing about usage in this
instance. I need refer to no precedents, because
the precedents of elections of Senators of the Uni-
ted States are as varied as the phases of the moon;
there is no uniformity. From Maine to Georgia,
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, you find them
diSKumlai in almost eve^y locality.'
To strengthen and make conclusive the position
I take about their power, in the absence of any
law, I need but incorporate the overwhelming
argument made by the Senator from Ohio, when
he referred to the cases of those States which elect
Senators before they are actually admitted as
States, and before they can legally have State
Legislatures, and yet their Senators are always
admitted as legally elected. Bull havesaidenough,
and I will waive anything fuither.
Mi. WADE. Mr. President,at this time it is
not my purpose to detain the Senate very long on
this subject, and indeed it has been so ably ar-
gued by the members of the Committee on the
Judiciary, that I cannot hope to add anything to
what has been said; but in my judgment the ques-
tion is one of such transcendent importance, that
I ought not to suffer it to go by without very
briefly stating the views I entertain. It is an im-
portantquestion, because the Senators of the din-
ted States are the peculiar representatives of the
sovereignty of the States, and we should guprii
with great care the repiesentations of the States,
and see that in all instances they truly and prop-
erly represent those sovereignties. It seems to
me from what little investigation 1 have given to
this subject, and I confess it is not very great,
that the case now before us is one of the first im-
pression. I believe in the history of this Govern-
ment no precedent can be found to sustain the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary in this
case. 1 believe it is an entire innovation upon
the usages of every State of the Union, from the
