1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1MT
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union reports back this amendment, voteitdown,
as you have already made the appropriation for
their extra for this-present session.
Mr. NICHOLS. Is this bill open to general
discussion now ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is, so soon as the pend-
ing amendment is reported.
Mr. NICHOLS. But is it not open for general
discussion on this amendment, as well as on all
the other sections of the bill? I understand the
general debate is not closed yet.
The CHAIRMAN, ft is not.
Mr. NICHOLS. Then I understand it is open
to debate, not only with regard to this amendment,
but to all the provisions of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Yes.
Mr. NICHOLS. In that view I propose to dis-
cuss it.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I hope my colleague
will give me leave to give notice that when tiiis
bill shall be reported to the House, I will offer
the amendment that I have suggested. •
The CHAIRMAN. The pendingamendment
to the bill is to strike out, in lines one hundred
and thirty-eight and one hundred and thirty-nine,
the following words:
"Tne diaughtsmen and clerks employed on the land
maps."
So that the bill, if amended, will read:
For the compensation of cleiks to committees, and tem-
poral clerks in the office of the Cieik of the House of liep-
rosentatives. $'25,000.
Mr. COBB. "Will the gentleman from Ohio
permit me to have that amendment modified ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NICHOLS. In the deficiency bill just
passed, and which has probably by this time re-
ceived the signature of the President, the extra
compensation to the reporters of the Globe for
this year is provided for. My colleague now de-
sires that a provision of the same character shall
be made for the payment of the reporters for the
next year, in tins bill; us it has been foi the vari-
ous approptidtion bills in the years past.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not know whether
I may be able to get the floor again; but I wish
to say now, in correction of many things that
wore said m regard to this appropriation, that, sev-
eral years ago, when the question of advan^inir
the salaries of the employes of the House wis
mooted in Congress, the gentlemen who then
comprised this corps, eight in number, asked to
enjoy the same advantages, inasmuch as their ser-
vices were less easily dispensed with than those
of any of the employes of the House. The re-
porters asked to have the advantage of the gratu-
ities which the House and Senate were voting to
theiremployes from time to time. On their peti-
tion an investigation was had; and a former mem-
ber of Congress from the State of Missouri, (Mr.
Hall,) made a report to the House That leport
stated the fact that these men were in the employ-
ment of a private citizen; and in oidcr that the
fluctuations of political parties in this House might
have no effect on the debates, or govern them in
the least, and to insure their faithful services, rec-
ommended that the House should give them this
reward for faithful services. I expect that my
friend from Tennessee will recollect the incident,
and the time also, when this appropriation com-
menced. From that day to this, this amount has
been awarded to them. Now, whether the item
is properly in this bill or not I do not know, nor
do I care; but it has been the custom of the House
to provide for it m the regular appropriation bills.
It is provided for this session m the deficiency
bill; and the question simply arises-, whether we
should provide for it now in the appiopriation bill
for the coming fiscal year, or whether we should
wait and put it into another deficiency bill next
session? That is the question, as I-understand
it, in regard to this item for the reporters.
Hut, Mr. Chairman, the bill is under consider-
ation in all its provisions, I desire to give notice
now, that under the five-minute rule I shall pro-
pose to reduce the amountappropriated from line
one hundred and ninety-two to line one hundred
and ninety-five, for the compensation of the Sec-
retary of State, the assistant Secretary of State,
clerks, messengers, assistant messengers, and la-
borers in the office, $3,600. This, Mr. Chair-
man, may appear to be an insignificant reduction,
and if the $3,600 by which I propose to reduce the
amount, were all to be affected by it, I should not
take the trouble of moving the amendment. Now,
Mr. Chairman, there is in the Department of
State, a division called the bureau of statistics. It
was created by an act approved August, 1856.
The third section of the act creating the bureau,
is as follows:
"And be it fwther enacted, That the Secretary of State
he, and he hereby i*, authorized and required to appoint
one oierk, who -shall have charge of the statistics in the said
Department, and shall be called Superintendent of Statis-
tics, and shall receive a salary of .<§2,000 per annum, and
shall be allowed, as an assistant, one clerk of the third c!as-<,
winch elerk the Secretary of State is hereby authorized to
appoint."
In order that my motion may not be mistaken
about this matter, I wanted to bring it to the at-
tention of the House, that the House may either
change the system or abolish the office under the
present system.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Ohio if he has any doubt as to the
fact of every dollar of appropriation inserted in
this bill being in accordance with law?
Mr. NICHOLS. I have not, sir.
Mr. .T. GLANCY JONES. Does the gentle-
man propose to repeal the law, or to make it void
by striking out the appropriations for offices cre-
ated by law? I wish to understand if that is the
point.
Mr. NICHOLS. I understand that every sec-
tion of the bill is open to discussion. I propose
at the proper time to offer the amendment which
I have indicated. I have a right to travel over the
ground occupied by thij bill, and to dispute, if I
see proper to do so, the necessity of all its appro-
priations The general debate, as I understand
it, is not closed, and if gentlemen will hear me for
ten minutes, that is all the time 1 will consume.
I have indicated the purpose for which I rose, and
I desire to state the reasons which have animated
me in this motion. And I frankly say, Mr. Chair-
man, that I make these observations more for the
sake of bringing the matter to the attention of the
House, and of the p toper committees of the House,
so that the office, if unnecessary, may be abol-
ished, than of any permanent effect on the bill
itself.
Now, sir, T have put in writing my reasons for
the motion I have made, and I proceed to read
them:
My attention was first called to this subject by
the difficulty experienced by the Committee on
Printing in deciding how to print the " Annual
Report on Foreign Commerce from the State De-
partment, for The gentleman f;om Illi-
nois, [Mr. WAsnr URNTi:,] then chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, had introduced a res-
olution, which was adopted, that it shou'd be
printed in quarto. A reconsideration was carried
on my motion on the last night of the session; but
the Committee on Printing found itself, subse-
quently, forced, by the character of the work and
the magnitude of the tabular statements, to act de
to the expensive quarto form. Well* the printing
of this volume of about four hundred and fifty
pages, cost nearly nine thousand dollars, simply
for trie leffubr number of copies, no extra copies
being called for, or about three dollars each copy,
an extraordinary price, because the work was
very difficult to print. At the commencement of
the'present session the " annual report for I8o? "
came in and was ordered to be printed, and must,
of necessity, be printed in quarto form, and at
like expense, as the former, in view of these cir-
cumstances I was led to examine the printed re-
port to ascertain its character, and whether the
value of us contents was commensurate with the
extraordinary expense incuircd. "With much in-
formation of a fixed and standard character, and
of great value, I found much more which was
ephemeral; and I saw plainly that it must always
be the ease, that before the commercial informa-
tion embodied in such a icport could be got before
the country in this form at the end of a year, it
would have lost much, if not ail, of its import-
ance. Still, if a small annual document in octavo
form could be put forth each year, it raightbe
well to do it; but on the present plan that is im-
possible.
Within the last four years more than two hun-
dred thousand dollars have been expended in for-
eign commercial statistics. The printing alone, of
the four volumes on commercial relations, cost
§170,000. This money has not been wasted—far
from it: the result of the expenditure does Gredit
to the country, and always will; but to prolong it,
especially in the present condition of the Treasury,
would not only be prodigal, but needless. It will
be many years before any considerable expendi-
ture for this object will again be required. Jfimual
statements on this subject oC foreign commerce, in
an expensive form, are needless. Changes in com-
mercial regulations, in all countries, are of almost
daily occurrence. It is only digests of statements
for series of years, and deductions drawn from the
comparisons, that are of value to warrant the vast
expense of the collection, preparation, and publi-
cation of such matter—the most expensive of all
matter. The last report on foreign commercial
relations, prior to the large work just completed,
was made by Mr. Webster in 1842—sixteen years
ago; and, since the Government was founded,
there have been only three such reports, the first
being made by Mr. Jefferson in 1793.
11 was proposed to make this bureau of statistics
a collector of mercantile facts, of mercantile laws,
and mercantile changes—a detailed statement of
the foreign commerce of the country, from time
to time, and strictly adapted to the wants of the
country. It was proposed to follow the system
now adopted in Prance, by their Chamber of Com-
i merce there, under which they gathered up the
details of the commerce of the country and of the
world, and published them in the shape of tracts
for monthly issue among the bankers, merchants,
and business men of the country. But that sys-
! tem was not carried out. When Mr. Maicy left
] the office, he left it with a work which had been
I collected under his administration of the office,
i which, as I humbly conceive, does credit to him as
the head, and to those under him in the Department
j who prepared the work. I allude, sir, to the Com-
i mercial Relations. But how is it now with the an-
1 nual report? They gather up statistics and figures
! dming the year, and they are submitted to Con-
i gress, and are ordered to be printed, and theresui t
j is, that by the time the whole matter has reached
■ the country the statu?has changed, and the tables
: are not reliable; by the time the document meets
| the public eye its facts, figures, and conclusions
I are but so much dead matter.
j Now, sir, the expense annually incurred on tliis
j useless system has been the subject of investiga-
i tion and remark at the State Department, and so
' convinced was the former head of the bureau of
statistics of the utter inutility of the concern, that
, he recommended to the head of the State Depart-
■ nient that the office, m its present condition, was
: no longer mjcessaiy. I apprehend, sir, that the
; gentlemen of the Ways and Means Committee,
. who have charge of this mattir, can apply the
. pruning knife to thn useless expenditures at the
„ State Department, if they will make inquiry into
, the facts. They will find. I think, that the resig-
nation of the former superintendent of the bureau
of statistics was accepted upon the express dec-
; luration of the present Secretary of State, that, in
; his view, the office was no longer necessary, and
, ought to be abolished. And yet, in these esii-
; mates from the State Department, we find that
i the salaries of these officers are provided for. I do
: not know whether the movement for the abrnga-
! tion of this system shou'd originate in the Com-
i milfee of Ways and .Means or m the Committee
I of Commerce, or in some other committee; but. if
j the system must be continued at all, let us at least
j change it.
Mr. W1NSLOW. I will say to the gentleman
from Ohio that thp subject is now under consid-
eration in a bill before the Committee on the Li-
biary.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am glad to hear it. I have
been led to make these remarks from the investi-
gation I have made into the subject from my con-
nect! on with the printing of the work—nothing
more and nothing less. But whilst I say this, sir, I
do not pretend to say that, under a proper sys-
tem, under proper management,this bureau might
be made the means of the greatest practical utility
and good to the countiy. If you adopt the English
or French system, and report at brief periods
such information as is of value to the business of
the country, depend upon it, this bureau will
amount to something.
I cannot take my seat without paying a just
tribute to the late Mr. Marcy and Mr. Flagg, who
had charge of the preparations of the volume
