1918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
known as the Commercial Relations, I do not
iatetld that that tribute shall rest upon my word
alone. But I want the House to.jinderstand the
distinction which exists between the report on
commercial relations and the annual statistics
gathered up and embodied in the annual report
from the State Department. The one contains all
the commercial laws of the world—the compara-
tive tariffs, the consular returns, and a vast body
of information for American merchants, gathered
from every avenue of trade in the world, and em-
bodying the experience of years. The other is
restricted simply to the port regulations and the
changes from day to day in the commercial in-
terests of the world. Thus, for instance, a reg-
ulation prevails one month in a country, and the
next month it is altered; and the matter of mo-
mentary interest thus collected month by month
is gathered up and put in the annual report. It
is furnished to us as the existing law or commer-
cial regulations of a country, when, in fact, it is
dead and useless.
Now, I propose to introduce authorities in ref-
erence to this work called Commercial Statistics;
or, the Commercial Relations of the United States
with all Nations. Sir, I hold in my hand several
testimonials "from foreign sources—one from the
leadmg commercial paper of England, and an-
other from the department of agriculture and com-
merce in France.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish the gentle-
man would allow me, before he takes his seat, to
say a word. The debate not having been closed,
he has a right to discuss any subject, I suppose.
Mr. NICHOLS. No, sir; not any subject.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Well, any subject
connected with the appropriations. I merely wish
to correct what is, perhaps, an erroneous impres-
sion. 1 would say to the gentleman from Ohio
that perhaps I do not differ with him much in re-
gard to the necessity of reform; but 1 wish to
inform the gentleman and the committee that Con-
gress has provided by law for the performance of
this duty. It has created these officers. It is a
duty incumbent upon the Department to estimate
for their salaries. They have only sent to Con-
gress an estimate of the money necessary to carry
out its will. I wish to say further that the proper
committee has been called upon by the Depart-
ment to bring about the reform suggested by the
Government.
But 1 wish, if he chooses to have a reform, that
he would pursue the proper course; and that is
to repeal the law and remedy the evil by striking
at the heart of it, and not to raise questions on
the appropriation bills, nor to imply a want of
disposition on the part of the Committee of Ways
and Means to be sufficiently economical. The
gentleman knows that it is made the positive
duty of the Executive and heads of Departments
to submit to Congress estimates for appropria-
tions necessaiy for the discharge of duties im-
posed on them by the law. I am with the gen-
tleman perhaps to the fullest extent in his effort
to economize our expenditures. I am Willing to
go for every legitimate relonn. But this, sir, is
a matter over which the Committee of Ways and
Means has no discretionaly power. The gentle-
man has alluded to that committee as the proper
committee to inaugurate reforms. The gentleman
knows that that committee has no such power.
If the Committee of Ways and Means weie to
come into the House and undeitake to refuse to
include m the appropriation bills appropriations
under law, because they thought the law unwise
and inexpedient, the gentleman himself would be
the first to rise in his seat and censure the com-
mittee for an exercise of undue power. It is not
for the Committee of Ways and Means to inquiie
in regard to the wisdom of the law authorizing an
appropriation; but its province is to provide ap-
propriations for the extcution of existing laivs.
If there be any fault, it is with Congress. Con-
gress has made the law, which for us execution
requires an appropriation; and if this appropria-
tion is not proper, then let the laws be repealed.
It is Congress that directs that the Executive De-
partments shall execute certain laws; and to do so
it is necessary that these appropriations should
be made.
Mr. NICHOLS. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the former superintendent did not
resign his office under the express declaration that
a discharge of the duties of the officer was no
longer necessary; and whether, after that, and
during this year, a successor was appointed ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will reply to the
gentleman with great pleasure. I have never in-
quired in reference to that fact. I do not know
what induced the gentleman alluded to to resign
the office.
Mr. KELLY. I have made some inquiry on
this subject, and from the best information I could
get, I learn that Mr. Flagg was compelled to re-
sign because there werecharges made against him
to the effect that he had employed women osten-
sibly at four dollars a day, and only paid them at
two dollars a day, requiring their receipts for four
dollars a day. This fact was ascertained by the
gentleman who represents the Committee on Com-
merce of the Senate. When he found that such
was the case, he went to the State Department and
said that if Mr. Flagg was not turned out of that
office he would expose the matter to the country.
This was the reason why Mr. Flagg was com-
pelled to resign.
So far as the bureau itself is concerned, every
gentleman knows that there is no bureau in the
Government that has been so effective in giving
the country valuable statistical information. But
Mr.Flagg being compelled to resign, now comes to
Congress and makes the effort to abolish a bureau
which has been of so much benefit to the country.
Mr. NICHOLS. I beg leave to say that, so
far as my action here is concerned, Mr. Flagg has
nothing to do with it whatever. He has been con-
nected with that bureau, but I have spoken to him
hardly half a dozen times. ' Let me say one thing
to the gentleman from New York. Whatever
may be. the secret reasons which may be urged
here, as having caused Mr. Flagg's removal, I
can produce a letter from General Cass to him, in
which it is stated that his resignation is accepted
because the duties before appertaining to the bu-
reau were no longer necessary.
Mr. KELLY. If information on the subject
be desired for the House and the country, let a
resolution be introduced and passed, calling on the
State Department to furnish it.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the gen-
tleman mnke a charge against Mr. FUgg?
Mr. KELLY. 1 do not make any charge. I
only give what information I have derived from
a source believed by me to be reliable.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. State your
source of information >
Mr. KELLY. The State Department itself.
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not want now to go into
outside controversy. My effort now is to take a
proper view of what the public necessity requires
us to do in this matter. And let me say to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
that my object is accomplished in the declaration
ofthegenLleman fromNorth Carolina, [Mr.Wins-
low,] and the declaration of the gentleman him-
self. It is nothing to me who fills the office. They
are all children of one family; and I am none of
them; and lam sure that I have no right to inter-
meddle with Democratic domestic affairs. [Laugh-
ter.] I do not care for the distribution of their
Democratic patronage. I do not want it myself,
'and have no friends who want it; and I do not
propose to go into that matter. That was not my
object in rising. While I want to get rid of the
causes of useless expenditures of the public money,
yet, sir, 1 want to retain upon the statute-book
what is worthy of commendation, and what is
really lor the public good.
I will say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr, J. Gi.an-cy Joxf.s] that I do not find fault
with the Committee of Ways and Means. I do
not think that I have evinced any such disposi-
tion in the remarks which I have made.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. On behalf of the
committee, 1 do not shrink from a scrutiny of the
acts of that committee, m the aggregate or indi-
vidually. My friend will remember that he held
out the opinion that it was the duty of that com-
mittee to reform th< se expenditures. I reply to
that, that the Committee of Ways and Means
have no power to go behind the law. Their duty
properly is, to provide appropriations called for
by the law.
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman has misap-
prehended me. I have no object to embarrass the
gentleman at all; I have only, in my remarks,
pointed the Committee of Ways and Means to the
places where the expenditures of the Government
might be reduced. I did not refer to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means alone; I referred to the
committees to which these subjects appropriately
belong. I know no reason why estimates based
upon a law no longer necessary, or which has ex-
pended its force, may not be reviewed in an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. WIJNSLOW. With the permission of my
friend from Ohio, I will state what I know about
this matter. There is a bill before (he Committee
on the Library providing for the distribution of
the public documents now on hand in the library.
There are in the State Department a large mass of
books and documents, in number about five hun-
dred thousand. The proposition was to provide
for the distribution of all these. It was also de-
sirable to remove the copyright books from the
State to the Interior Department, and to relieve
the Department of that matter not properly ap-
pertaining to its duties. I was informed that the
necessity of a continuance of the bureau of sta-
tistics had ceased. It is proper to say that I had
no conference with the head of the State Depart-
ment, but the information received by me was
from Mr. Flagg. I looked into the matter, and
certainly came to the conclusion that my friend
from Ohio has reached—that theusual annual pub-
lication of the commercial statistics was wholly
useless, and that the suppression of that bureau
would save to the Government some fifteen thou-
sand dollars. The usual reports may still con-
tinue, but, in my judgment, ought more properly
to be reported to the Treasury Department. If
their publication hereafter may be desirable, a
digest every five or ten years would be much
more useful. I intended, therefore, todnsert, by
way of amendment to the bill now before the Li-
brary Committee, a clause to repeal the law pro-
viding for such publication. As I remarked, I
had no communication with the Department of
State, preferring to wait until the bill was per-
fected, to submit it to that Department and to the
Interior Department for any suggestions they
might have to make. I repeat, however, that I
entirely agree with my friend from Ohio in his
conclusions.
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to conclude wlmt I
have to say. I wish the gentleman from New
York to understand that, in reference to anything
he may say about troubles in the Democratic
camp, which may have led to the removal of any
of its children, I desire toenterinto no discussion.
I have nothing to do with it, then, or the difficul-
ties of this happy family.
Mr. KELLY. I think the gentleman from
Ohio is entirely in error. The duty of the stati-
cians in the State Department is to collate and
compile all the reports made by consuls at foreign
ports on commercial matters, and everything
which pertains to the welfare and benefit of this
Government. It is done not only for the benefit
of commercial men, but for the benefit of the com-
munity generally; and I think the abolition of that
particular branch of the Government would be
entirely wrong. The whole expense of keeping
it up amounts to very little.
I say again that the whole of this matter origin-
ated—though I do not attribute it to the gentle-
man from Ohio—-on the part of disappointed gen-
tlemen who had been turned out of office, and in
nothing else.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I had some
connection, in the last Congress, with this work
j on commercial relations, to which allusion has
! been made. I think I introduced the act of Au-
i gust 18, 1856, from the Committee on Commerce,
; by which this bureau was created. I think that
i is so; though I have given this matter very little
| attention during this session of Congress. The
; House and the country know the result which
| has flowed from the passage of that act. This
i work has been printed, and has gone to the coun-
1 try, and its merits have been passed upon, both
by Congress and by the country. I think it will
be conccded that it is one of the mostuseful works
which has even been printed by the Government.
I was not aware that it was the intention to keep
up, or to establish such a system as is proposed
now. 1 very much doubt the policy of carrying
the system any further than it has been carried.
Whether the particular mode by which the gen-
tleman from Ohio proposes to reach that end is
the best, I do not propose to say. I think it is a
subject to which the attention of the members of
