2944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11.
that is the principle to which I wish to lead the
Senate in the consideration of this question. The
House of Representatives were to be elected ac-
cording to the first article of the Constitution, and
I call the minds of those gentlemen who consider
•what I have to say worthy of attention, to the fact
that the provision as to both Houses is in the same
clause of the Constitution. Immediately after
declaring that Senators should be elected by the
Legislature, the same clause goes on to declare
that the time, place, and manner, of electing Rep-
resentatives, as well as Senators, should be de-
termined by the local Legislature—by the State
sovereignty; provided, atthe same time, that Con-
gress might alter their regulations in all respects
except as to the place of choosing Senators; but
in all other respects the election of Senator and
Representative depends on thesame constitutional
power.
In Indiana the legislative power is vested in two
branches; "but it is important to remark that the
Constitution of the United States pays no regard
to the number of branches of which a State Le-
gislature may be composed. As the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Pooh] said, my State had but one
branch when the constitution was formed; others
had two. All might have had three, or a dozen,
if they chose. The great National Assembly of
France, in 1789, had three: the Peers, the Com-
mons, and the Priests—the three great estates.
The Constitution declares that members of the
House of Representatives shall be elected by the
people. Who are the people ? All those entitled
to vote for the most numerous branch of the State
Legislature. What did that mean ? This is im-
portant to gentlemen who wish to follow the Con-
stitution. To the hands of all persons entitled
to vote for the must numerous branch of the State
Legislature was committed the right to elect mem-
bers of the House of Representatives. IIow
many of them ? How many of these people were
to elect? According to the doctrine of my friend
from Ohio, [Mr Wade,1 it would require every
man of them. It does not say a majority shall
elect; it does not say two thirds shall do it; but
these electors are to elect the members of the
House of Representatives; and therefore, accord-
ing to his construction given to the other clause,
it would require the concurrence of every man ;
legally qualified to vote to send a member of the 1
oilier House; and if they differed, you never!
could get one.
Mr. WADE. I do not say any such thing;
but it is in the power of the Legislature, in jiie-
scnbing the manner, to attend to that. I
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not intend to misrepre-
sent my friend; but 1 will show him that that is
tiie result of his argument. One clause says the :
people shuil elect members of the House of Rep-
lcsentutivcs, and another that the Legislature
shall elect Senators. If it requires all the Legis-
lature to electa Senator, it must require all the ;
people to elect a Representative. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a non sequitur. I
Mr. TOOMBS. I should have great pleasure j
in hearing my esteemed friend from Maine on that
point. I do not believe in that doctrine, but I say .
one is as true as the other; but our fathers were
too wise to leave it there, and therefoie they pre- ;
.scribed who the electors should be, and they said:
"The House of Representatives shall be com-
posed of niembeis chosen every second year by
the people of the several States, and the electors
in each State shall have the qualifications requisite
for electois of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature." It says that the electors shall
elect tiie House, and simply defines who the elect-
ors shall be. Ill the other case, it says the Le-
gislature shall elect a Senator. What part of them'
Does it say a majoniy ? No. Two thuds? No.
Seven eighths? No. The only place from which
you get any guide on this point is to be found m
the other clause of the Constitution, saying that
the time, the place, and the manner, may be de-
termined by the Legislature.
Mr. FESSENDEN. " Shall be prescribed,"
not " may be."
Mr. TOOMBS. That only makes it stronger;
and yet Congress may alter their regulation, ex-
cept as to the place of electing Senators. That
grew out of a popular temporaly prejudice that
crept into our Constitution; and the way it got
there was from the fact that the King had, by his
Governors, convened the colonial Legislatures at
unusual and uncomfortable places, remote from
the records. It is about the most inconsiderable
thing in the whole business, but that was the rea-
son they put it in. They did not intend to be
called together by Congress, or by any other
power at an inconvenient place, or a place remote
from the records. The time, the manner, and the
place, are to l>e fixed by the State Legislature;
but if they do not do it.to suit Congress, the
power, was reserved in this Government to over-
ride the State Legislature in regard to the time,
the manner, and the place of electing members
of the House of Representatives, and the time
and manner of electing Senators, reserving to the
States solely the right of determining for them-
selves where they would elect Senators.
Then I recur to the clause fixing the electors
entitled to vote for the most numerous branch of
the Legislature, as the electors for members of
the other House of Congress. They are the per-
sons to vote for members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and I say, by the construction put on
the Constitution by gentlemen on this side, it re-
quires every man, unless the Legislature or Con-
gress has actcd. I should be glad to hear from
my friend from Maine on that point, because I look
upon it as an important point, and 1 see he shakes
his head.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not intend to inter-
rupt the Senator now.
Mr. TOOMBS. It will not interrupt me in the
least.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall, if I have time,
say a few words afterwards.
Mr. TOOMBS. When they give it to the whole
collective body of the people, it must be exercised
by them all, unless the Legislature determine oth-
erwise, according to the gentleman's argument.
Wo know that many of the New England States
have adopted a different rule from'other States.
Many of the States say that a plurality shall elect
a member of Congress. Massachusetts said that
nothingshortof a majority should elect; and since
I have been in public life, she has been without a
member from one or two of her districts, in the
other House, for a whole Congress, because they
could never geta majority to agree upon one man.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That law is changed now.
j Mr. TOOMBS. - I know that; butitonly illus-
trates my idea. When that pestilent faction of
abolition first started, they nominated their men,
j and they were sufficiently powerful until they
} coalesced, until the Whigs succumbed to them, to
j prevent an election; and I recollect that, on one
I occasion, when I served in the House of Repre-
sentatives, Massachusetts was without two mem-
beis for on entire Congress. Georgia and Vir-
ginia said, " while we give the power to the whole
body of electors, our law is, let the devil take the
hindmost; whoever gets the most votes shall come
to Congress." 1 believe thelaw of Massachusetts
has been altered to the same thing. I am quite
sure it ought to have been, because that rule puts
down fiction everywhere, and it is wise ill itself.
1 am not complaining of it. When we said a ma-
jority may elect, we could have said two thirds,
or three fourths, or seven eighths, in the absence
of legislation by Congress; and why not say all?
Thc Constitution said all should send them, and
that the «rae and manner of the election should
be determined by the States. Massachusetts said
it should take a positive majority to electa mem-
ber, and we said a plurality. Why had we not
a right to say that it should take every man ? The
argument is irresistible and unanswerable.
Some of the State Legislatures, as I before re-
marked, consisted of but one body; some of two.
In other countries there have been thice bodies
composing a Legislature. There might have been
twenty. It was a mere question of constitutional
arrangement at home. The wise men who made
our Federal Constitution, knowing the difference
of the States and their interests, said it is likely
you will manage this matter best; keep your
government to suit yourselves, and we will not
interfere with it unless it becomes necessary to
preserve the nation, and then we simply reserve
the right to take care as to the place and manner
of electing members of Congress. Congress can
override the plurality system of Massachusetts
to-day, and say that a majority shall be required
to elect members. They can say one brai>ch, if
a majority of the whole, can elect Senators.
Every State lias acted on that principle in the
Union now, I believe. In three of the New Eng-
land States—Connecticut, Vermont, and possibly
Maine—although the Houses vote separately, as
Virginia does, and each House nominates, yet
finally, I think, they came to the rule that they^
must come together and stand per capita, and not
per stiipes. I think that is the rule now in all the
thirty-two States of the Republic.
Mr. DIXON. It is not the rule in Connecti-
cut. One branch can defeat an election there.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think that is the case, then*
nowhere else but in Connecticut, and Congress
not having interfered, I admit you can fix it in
that way. The way is indifferent to me, and I
say the whole difficulty in this case arises from
the contrariety of action in the different States.
The principle for which I contend is, that it is for
the States alone to determine until Congress de-
termines. My friend from Ohio says the Legis-
lature consists of two branches in Indiana, and
therefore it is in violation of the constitution to
elect a Senator by a bare majority of the whole
number. That is his position.
Mr. WADE. The Senator misunderstands me.
I say simply that the State cannot vest the elec-
tion of a Senator in any less power than the Le-
gislature, whatever that may he. It cannot vest
it in one branch when there are two.
Mr. TOOMBS. I admit that. They can give
the power to no other people on earth but the
designated electors under the Constitution. The
Constitution has declared that the power to elect
Senators belongs to the Legislature. If the law
be as my friend from Ohio interprets it, nothing
can answer his ends but that botn branches shall
concur in the election; that is, that no man can
sit in this body who has not got a majority of the
Senate and House of Representatives of his State
in favor of his election. It must result in that.
Is that true?
Mr. WADE. That is not what I mean. It
seems I have been unlucky in making myself
understood; but I do not want to interrupt the
Senator.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is no inconvenience to me,
and I will hear the gentleman with pleasure.
Mr. WADE. As to the manner of the election
I am indifferent, provided it lias the sanction of
the Legislature. On that point I differed from the
late Senator from South Carolina, (Mr. Butler,)
in the Iowa case, and I said that when tlfe Senate
and HouseofRepresentatives, in whom the legis-
lative power is vested, have consented to meet in
joint convention, in my judgment the Constitution
is satisfied, because that is the Legislature acting
in the mode prescribed by itself, and I am not
particular as to the mode, so that it has the assent
of the Legislature.  
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator has met my pre-
cise point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator from
Georgia allow me to interpose a word?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We do not contend, or
at least I do not contend, that both branches must
concur by separate action m the election. I Hay,
however, that no valid election can be had unless
both branches have previously concurred in pre-
scribing the time, manner, and place of holding
the election. That is the ground.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand that; and there,
I think, I can satisfy every intelligent mind in the
Senate that both my friends are wrong, and I
will put in on a constitutional ground. I know
the difficulty, and I know it has been run over
in the Senate. The Constitution gives this power
to the Legislature. I say it means a tnajonty of
the persons legally elected to the Legislatuie,
whether there be one branch or forty branches.
My friends say it does not require a concurrence
of each branch, there being but two-—I leave out
the question of numbers—but my friends from
Maine and Ohio say that if they consent in ad-
vance to go into a joint meeting that will cure
the defect. I put it to either of them, and to any
intelligent man in the Senate, that it cannot, if
the Constitution requires that a Senator shall be
elected by the Legislature, and "Legislature,"
as there used, means both branches, no consent
of theirs can enlaige the constitutional power. I
put the whole case there, and I submit it to the
judgment ofevery gentleman in the Senate. They
say it requires the concurrence of both branches
to consent to go into joint convention to make the
