THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 12, 1858.
New Series....No. 185.
election. That is not the Constitution. It re-
quires that the Legislature shall elect, and if it
means both branches, their agreeing to be over-
ruled, the lesser by the greater, is unconstitu-
tional. You tell me that to elect a Senator re-
quires the action of the two branches and nothing
less, and yet you say that a branch of the Le-
gislature can consent to part with its constitu-
tional power. When the power is deposited in
both branches to elect, you say that one branch
can agree to deposit it with a majority of the
other. I say there is no principle in it; and no
lawyer, no statesman, can maintain it for a mo-
ment. Their assent is a matter of total indiffer-
ence. They may prescribe the mode just as they
please. They may say it shall require two thirds,
in the absence of any action on your part; but if
it requires the concurrence of both Houses, they
cannot agree that a majority of one, if sufficient
to overcome the majority of the other, shall sat-
isfy the constitutional requirement.
Mr. WADE. If both together could not do
it, certainly one could not.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is true; neither can I
stand there. If I am right, if the true theory of
the Constitution is that the majority of the mem-
bers of the Legislature are electors, I do not care
■whether they are in the Senate or House, the
Constitution is satisfied; and I say every State in
this Union but Connecticut has acted on it. The
election of United States Senators is not a legis-
lative act; it does not require the concurrence of
both bodies. That is admitted by every man in
the Senate. Auopt the opposite idea, and this
Senate would be vacated to-morrow; not a man
could sit here; it would be an unconstitutional
body. It does riot require the concuirence of the
Senate and"House of Representatives in any State
of the Union to elect a Senator to this body.
Why? Simply because the Constitution does
not require it; not because they agree that it shall
not, for they can make no such agreement. Does
any man hold that the Senate or House of Rep-
resentatives of any State can part with a great
constitutional right of election? Can they en-
large the power or diminish it ? Where do we i
stand ? is it in the Senate or in the rostium, be- j
fore the multitude? If the Constitution means, j
by using the term " Legislatuie," as many bodies j
as the State fixes for its legislative power, no j
agreement among themselves can enlarge or re- j
strain that constitutional requirement; and when j
Virginia said that her Legislature should consist
of a House of Delegates and a Senate, and a ma- ;
jority of the whole should elect a United States
Senator, she decided that it did not require the
action of the two bodies. I admit that Virginia,
in prescribing the manner of election, may say i
that both Houses shall come together, and that ;
it may require a majority of both, until Congress j
acts. Does any man deny that ? If she has that ,
power, and it is constitutional, what becomes of
the opposite argument ? Connecticut exercises it, 1
unless my friend before me [Air. Dixox] was
illegally ejected. Though three fourths of the
whole number of the Legislature may be in the :
most numerous branch, a State may allow a ma- i
jority of one m the other branch to prevent ail
election. That must be the result of the position j
of the other side. I say you can neither enlarge ]
nor diminish your powers by your own legisla- j
tion. You can prescribe the mode, the time, and j
the place. If the concurrence of both branches i
is necessary, you are right. If it is not neces-,
sarv, every other State in the Union is wrong, i
Such has been the custom. Some of the New i
England States, (I think the State of New Hamp- |
shire,) after one or two trials and a nomination
by one branch and the other, finally come to-
gether into joint convention.
Mr. HALE. Never.
Mr. TOOMBS. Vermont does, after various
trials, according to my recollection. I know theie
are three New England States peculiar m this re-
spect, and they are the only States where a major-
ity of the whole number does not elect at all events.
By what right does Vermont say that she requires
185
the concurrence of both Houses? and by what
right does Virginia say she does not require it,
but is satisfied with a majority of all the members ?
The same law of the Constitution applies to both;
and the Constitution requires the Legislature to
elect. Can the Legislature dispense with it ? Have
they a right to say that one body shall elect against
the other? I believe my two honorable friends
from Virginia were elected by a minority of one
House and a majority of the other. I know it has
been frequently done. I have sat with many gen-
tlemen who were elected in the same way. In my
own State, when the Legislature meets in joint
convention, we care not whether a man has a ma-
jority of one House or of the other, so that he gets
a majority of the whole. It does not require the
assent of a majority of each. If the construction
is right, that it requires both, it can never be waived.
If the Constitution does not require it, it never
existed, and it need not be waived.
I hold, in the first place, that the election of a
Senator is not alegislative act; it does not require
the sanction of the Governor; in the second place,
there can be no power, in a State Senate, as my
friend from Maine contends, to ptut with its con-
stitutional right. If it requires the assent of both,
neither can agree to yield. If it takes two branches ;
to make the Legislature to elect a member of tins !;
body, according to the moaning of the Constitu- j
tion, all your assent to meet together in joint con- j
vention is unconstitutional. I take the true mean- I
ing of the clause to be as it has been practiced 1
upon from the foundation of the Government.
There is some wisdom in looking back to the co- j
temporaneous interpretations of the men who '
made the Constitution. In eveiy State, except a !
few in INcw England, the piactical interpretation '
has been that the electors of a Senator were the :
members who composed the Legislature, whether ;
one branch, two branches, three branches, or 1
twenty branches, if such an absurdity could be :
presumed. They are the electors*, they t.re the ■
representatives of the State sovereignties. The '
Legislature niay stand in some States on the basis ;
of numbers; in others, as in Virginia, upon free- .
hold property. It may stand, as it did in South j
Carolina, upon taxation and population combined; |
or, as it did in my State, upon the Federal basis |
—three fifths of all other people besides whites. |
That is a matter for the States alone to determ- j
ine; and they may elect a Legislature of such j
, qualifications as they themselves prescribe. In ;
I my State we at first required a State Senator to ;
i hold a thousand acres of land, and own a great ,
! deal of money above his debts. A member of the I
i Legislature, in the earlier days, was required to '
i own five hundred acrcs of land, free from his |
1 debts. Our forefathers acted on the old-fogyish >
idea that m«-n who did not pay taxes should not ;
lay them. We have departed from that principle;
whether wisely or unwisely is m the womb of ■
time. I think, myself, there is a great deal in the
old idea. There is much safety in having the se~ ■
curity that the people who lay burdens shall be
those that bear them. Proverbial wisdom would ;
vindicate that idea. We, however, aie making a !
broader experiment in this day. Some of us may
live to see the end of it; but I hope not. j
I say, then, it does not require a concunence 1
of the two bodies of the Legislature to elect a
Senator. Congress may determine how it shall
be done*, but they have not exercised the power,
and Indianahas not done so. She has not determ-
ined the time, the place, or the manner; nor has
Congress done so. Shall Indiana, thon, be unrep-
resented? It is admitted there is no time, no place,
no manner, fixed by the law of Congress, none by
the constitution, and none by the law of Indiana.
Is she disfranchised ? It is a very serious ques-
tion. This identical question hats ueen determ-
incd in the other bianch of Confess, upon the
!; same basis, and 1 call the attention of uvery man
ji that hears me to it. Unless the question was
!j settled wrongfully, the precedents which I shall
!l cite are unanswerable; and on them i shall lest
l! this case. The first decision to which ! call atten-
i tion was a very early one, and I admit that I am
enough of an old fogy to have great regard for the
wisdom of the forefathers. In 1796,a few years
after the Government went into operation, the
case of Lyman S. Smith arose in tne House of
Representatives, which was very ably debated.
The case was this:
The sheriff had failed to give notice of the time
and place of holding the election at two inconsid-
erable towns included in the election district; but
as fraud was not imputed, and it did not appear
from the evidence that the votes of all the freemen
of the said town, if duly given, could have changed
the result of the election, it was therefore- held
that the want of notice to these towns was not a
sufficient cause for setting aside the election.
This proceeded upon the idea that the right of
election was vested in the majority of electors,
notwithstanding it was given equally to all. Al-
though it was admitted that notice was not given
to all, and. therefore some of them were deprived
of their legal rights, yet, inasmuch as if they had
voted they could not have changed the result* it
made no difference, and Mr. Smith was declared
entitled to his seat from the State of Massachu-
setts. In the* case of Indiana the fecusant Sena-
tors might have come; they had notice. - The
great question for you to determine is whether a
minority, in defiance of the Constitution of the
United States, in defiance of the sovereignty of
their own State, can defeat the will of a majority
in the performance of a constitutional duty? The
question is, whether there is a power in this Gov-
ernment to enable a minority to defeat the Gov-
ernment of the Union and the sovereignty of their
own State? I do not care who does it, whether
Whig, Democrat, or Fiee-Soiler, or by whatever
name he may call himself. I say the American
Senate are to determine to-night whether there is
a power anywhere by which a factious minority
in this country can not only overturn the Govern-
ment of the United States, but overturn the sov-
ereignty of their own State. I say there is not.
I cornc next to a case more precisely in point,
' and it is a very important one. It is a case which
; occurred in the very State from which this con-
j troversy comes—the case of Thomas Randolph
i vs. Jennings. Congress had divided the Territory
1 of Indiana into two, and the act of Congress did
not authorize the election of any Delegate. It was
a mistake in the law, and it was remedied some
two or three years afterwards. I will not fatigue
the Senate by quoting from the statement of the
case. The resolution that was reported by the
committee was:
{; RewlveJ, Tint the election held for a Delegate frn-Con-
gte^.s lor l'jo Indiana Tiir!tm> on the 23d of Way, 1809, bc-
m<i without aiitiiouiy of law, is void ; and, consequently,
tin1 seat ol Jonathan Jenmn?", as a Delegate of that Terfi-
toiy, h hereby rieel.Hod vacant.5'
A motion was made to strike out the words
" being without authority of law;" which was
negatived, 45 to 51; thus holding that it was ille-
gal and without authority. This was in Com-
mittee of the Whole; but what was the action of
the House after argument?
'-The diffuse!} debated thi* day as well as
ve^rday ; and on the mam being put, the House
1 icfu*ed to concur with the Committee of Elections and of
, the Whole Ilon-e by the iotlowmg vote : for concurrence
3U_. against it rvi "
1 The majority against it was fifty-three. That
was in 1810. Indiana had not legislated; Con-
gress had not legislated; there was no authority
of law for the election; and yet the man held his
seat. A subsequent motion to declare him elected
was made and withdiav.-n, it having been consid-
ered that the former \ot.*, deciding against the
committee who repoited that he was not entitled
to his seat, was < quivalcnt to a confirmation of it.
In looKmg over Uk- debates on the occasion, which
are eiveu more m exteiiio m the Annals of Con-
gress, you will find that it was held that those
people were entitled to a Representative; that,
though there was no law of Congress, and no lav/
of Indiana, yet, as no fraud was alleged by Mr.
Randolph, who contested the seat, it was all fair
except as to two precincts where the sheriff did
not appoint the inspectors; and it was proved by
