SS6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
governed by high principles. I have claimed no
superiority over him as a member of Congress.
He has said that there was a boasting by my-
self or my friends in the convention whictt nom-
inated the late candidate of the American party
for Governor in Nashville, that I would go forth
with my trident, and that I would crush the casque
of any one whom I should encounter, whether he
was Saxon or Saracen, Richard or Saladin. I dis-
claim having made any such arrogant pretensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. My statement
was this, that it was said in the Patriot, one of
their papers, that the Hon. John Bell, in their
convention, had indicated his willingness to enter
the canvass; and that he would go into the canvass,
and he would meet Saxon or Saracen, Richard
or Saladin, and that whoever came in contact
with him his casque would be crushed. It was
never contradicted. It was taken up and repub-
lished in the newspapers, and the Democratic
party sought through their papers, and in fact at-
tempted to provoke the honorable Senator into a
discussion m the canvass then going on through-
' out the State.
Mr. BELL. I heard in the Senator's speech
the statement that it was a boast of my own; that
he understood I had said so, and it is treated ac-
cordingly; and then he goes on to quote:
" Upon what meat doth tins our Cffisar feed,
Tliat he is grown so gieat
He says:
" I have had competitors who were foemen worthy of
my steel, and they have met theirfate like honorable menj
and recognized me as such."
He speaks of my conception of myself in an-
other sentence. What does this language indi-
cate? I might ask him upon what meat he hath
fed that he has assumed a position of superiority
far above anything I ever pretended to? X should
like to know upon what meat he hath fed that he
has grown so great on his own self-conception.
But he said further that " a gentleman and awell
bred man will respect me, and all others I will
make do it." May I not exclaim,
" Upon what meat doth this our Cajsar feed ?"
"A gentleman and a well bred man will respect
me." I will not set myself up to claim that rank
or position. " And all others I will make do it,"
he says. I say to my colleague that, after his
speech of yesterday, I cannot respect him until lie
gives proper explanations of it; and now, or at any
time, let inm attempt to make me respect him.
There are many points which I have left unno-
ticed in tenderness and forbearance to the Senate.
I shall leave for a future occasion anything I may
find it necessary to discuss.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Biggs.]
Will the Senator from Tennessee indulge the
Chair a moment? I was called to the chair yes-
terday by the Vice President to preside while he
was temporarily absent on private business, when
this discussion commenced. I regret very much
the character of the debate. The remarks made
yesterday by the Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Johnson] I did not deem at the time strictly in
order, but I felt too much embarrassed to inter-
pose as the Presiding Officer under the circum-
stances. The Senator, therefore, was permitted
to proceed, the Chair relying on the usual course
that has been pursued in the Senate of observ-
ing courtesy in debate. I have been called to
preside to-day by the Vice President, and it was
due to the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
that he should have a full opportunity to reply to
the remarks made by the other Senator fromTen-
nessee, [Mr. Johnson.] The remarks in reply are
of a character well calculated to excite personal
feeling, not strictly in order according to the opin-
ion of the Chair, but I now state 
Mr. BELL. I put everything on a condition,
the President will understand. It is conditional,
predicated on my colleague's withdrawal of those
charges made in his speech of yesterdav.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remark to the Senator that in his opinion on the
pending question now before the Senate—the mo-
tion to print the resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Tennessee—a discussion of the character
that has been indulged in is not strictly in order,
and that as Presiding Officer of the Senate it will
be his duty to interpose and prevent further pur-
suit of this character of discussion unless by the
unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. BELL. Well, sir, I give my consent if
my colleague wants to say anything.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I merely wish
to say'to the Senate th:.t I have no disposition to
continue a discussion out of order. I stated this
morning in the explanation I made, that my in-
tention was to confine myself strictly within the
rules of the Senate, and that if I had traveled be-
yond them, so far as the Senate was concerned,
I was prepared to make any apology that was ne- j
cessary. I felt it due to place the allusions I have j
made to my honorable colleague on the proper I
ground. It was the furthest thing from my pur- '
pose or intention to violate any rule of tliis body
or the common courtesies of private life. My col-
league made an opening speech on these resolu-
tions, and the allusions which he made to the
Democratic party, and the connection I have
with them, and the Legislature I have the honor
to represent here, I thought made it my duty to
reply as I did. In consequence of the announce-
ment made by the Chair, I shall not persist in
going on unless by the consent of the body. My
colleague has ma'Jc a speech of two hours, pre-
pared and conned and got by rote, going off this
morning in the most advantageous manner, as he
believes, to himself and his party. All that I ask
is to be heard within the rules of the Senate and
the rules of common courtesy and propriety.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] to print the resolutions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I am in hopes
the Presiding Officer will put the question. I
understood I was ruled out unless by the unan-
imous consent of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Tennessee desire to proceed ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has a perfect right to proceed in order. There can
be no opposition to the Senator's proceeding in
order; and if there be no objection, the Senator
can proceed without interruption from the Chair
at all. The Chair hears 110 objection. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee will proceed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I shall occupy
the attention of the Senate but a short time. 'I I
will not make a long speech 011 this occasion,for
I do not deem it necessary; because when the
reply made by my honorable colleague, this morn-
ing, is reviewed, it will be found that he has not
controverted a single fact that I stated yesterday;
he has not answered a single argument that I pre-
sented. He has, in the run of his remarks, at-
tempted to extenuate or apologize for some of the
facts I presented, and some of the arguments I
urged; but there has been no answer, and his
speech furnishes the most conclusive evidence of
the correctness and force of what I stated yester-
day. In the little reply that I intend to make on
this occasion, perhaps I had bettermvert the order
of proceedings, and commcnce where my col-
league concluded.
lie seems, in the conclusion of his remarks, to
work himself up into somewhat of an excitement.
I thought the remarks I made this morning, when
he commenced his speech, would place this mat-
ter upon proper grounds. I said that my busi-
ness was with him as a Senator, as a public agent, i
that I did not attack his personal integrity or his !
private character as a man and a gentleman. The i
conduct of the agents of the people can be scru- j
tinized, and it is parliamentary to scrutinize it |
with seventy, without reference to their course as j
private citizens, or their integrity as gentlemen, j
I made no allusion to him as a private man; I !
made no assault 011 his personal integrity. I at- I
tacked him as a public man, and as apublic'agent. !
But my colleague has said that his statements,
just made, will stand until I take back what I have
said in reference to him as a public man and as a
Senator. I made the distinction here clearly this i
morning. I have stated facts in connection with !
the course of my colleague. From those facts I j
have drawn some conclusions and expressed some |
opinions. Those opinions as given, and those !
conclusions as drawn from the facts 1 stated in j
connection with his course as a public man, stand j
now just as they stood then. I have no other !
apology to make than the one I made this morn- I
ing. '1 hatapology, I believe, and I know, accord- I
ing to my understanding of parliamentary law,
makes the true, proper distinction, and brings
what I said within the courtesies and proprieties
of this Chamber.
My honorable colleague, however, has thought
proper to introduce into the discussion here pri-
vate conversations. I never lug in private con-
versations with an individual with whom I may be
in contest, in addressing the people or in a delib-
erative body. Since the honorable gentleman ar 1
myself have met here as Senators, we have occa-
sionally, without design, I presume, on the part
of either, fallen in with each other;'we have had
casual conversations, and in those casual conver-
sations it has been said that we were here as Sen-
ators representing the same State, and though we
might disagree fundamentally in reference to the
principles upon which the Government should be
administered, yet personally we should cultivate
those relations that should characteiize represent-
atives of the same State. I responded to my col-
league. I told him I had no disposition to be on
other than friendly terms, in a personal point of
view; that it was always my pride and pleasure
to cultivate relations of personal friendship with
those amongst whom I lived, who differed with me
politically in sentiment; and that, so far as I was
concerned, in social intercourse he would find that
I would not depart from these principles. I think
I have not done so. It was my intention not to
depart from them. In reference to the question
now before the Senate, my colleague attempted to
elicit from me, as I thought, a statement as to
what my course would be when these resolutions
were introduced. I replied to him, frankly, that
I did not know; that it would depend on circum-
stances; and that 1 should be controlled by the
.tenor of his remarks and the circumstances that
came up on their presentation. Was there any
violation of that courtesy and comity which should
subsist between gentlemen, in this? He presented
the resolutions; he made his speech; he attacked
the party with which I am associated; he spoke
about their mischievous course in putting these
measures upon the country; and hence I deemed
it right and proper to show that he had been in-
strumental in doing this precise thing which he
attributed to the Democratic party, and thence
his inconsistency.
But in the conclusion of his remarks, he tells
the Senate and the country that until I withdraw
certain expressions in reference to his public course
or opinions, he will not respect me. I repeat that
in all that intercourse that brings man in contact
with man, 1 will make him respect me. I will
leave tlmt-right there, making a full period.
1 quoted some lines that the boys sometimes re-
peat, and about which my colleague seems to have
been thinking somewhat; for they appear to have
made an impression on his mind. 1 did it in the
sense applied to a politician. How common is it
to speak of politicians being wiry? While they
seem to be with one set of interests South, they
are playing a game for strength at the North. It
isanevery-day expression. It is found in all your
newspapers. Is there anything personal in that?
I undertook to show from my colleague's course on
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, in connection with his
course in 1850, that he had voted for the repeal of
the Missouri compromise; that he had voted'for its
confirmation and correct interpretation in 1854. I
then showed that when the bill was put 011 its
passage, he voted against it. I thus sought to
show that on the main proposition in the bill his
vote identified him with the South; but he voted
against the whole bill, thereby identifying himself
with the North; and then I drew the conclusion:
might not a politician taking a course of this kind,
look a little to the North and a little to the South ?
If I were disposed to enlarge on this subject,
(but I intend to be brief,) I could go back to i860,
and refer to the proceedings in the Senate when
the compromise measures came up. We all re-
memberthe part taken by the distinguished states-
man of Kentucky on that occas-ion. Notwith-
standing it had been part of my teaching and a
part of my education to oppose that distinguished
man, yet I always looked upon him as a gallant,
talented, and daring leader. In 1850, when I
witnessed his efforts here in the Senate, when he
was struggling for what many believed to be the
peace and harmony of the country, when he threw
himself into the breach, when lie was standing
here receiving assault® from all quarters, and d«-
