1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2947
the persons to whose hands was committed the
fight to elect United States Senators. Indiana
had been without one for two years, she would
he without another, in addition to that one, for
two more years. That convention, according to
the usage of Indiana, and of every other State in
this Union but three, was the proper body to elect
Senators. When they discharged the duty of
counting the votes for Governor, the President of
the convention, accoiding to the usage, said, " I
adjourn this body until a subsequent day." It
met again, and then he declared, "I adjourn it to a
certain day to elect two United States Senators for
the State of Indiana." It met. A large majority
of those on whom the Constitution of the United
States, and of their own State, devolved this duty,
assembled and performed the work. They have
sent their Senators here. Can you send them
away? Those who protest against their election
do not complain of want of notice, and they do
not say it was done fraudulently; they do not say
eighty-three members had not the right to elect;
but they say, " we devised a scheme which we
thought would defeat an election." "Will you,
Senators of the United States, maintain it? Will
you become parttceps to this great fraud—it is
nothing more in my idea. I charge it on no other
man; but I ask, will you become a party to this
iniquity, this violation of the Constitution of the
United States, and the constitution of their own
State, in order to defeat the will of Indiana. We
know nothing of the will of Indiana, so far as the
election of Senators is concerned, exceptfrom her !
Legislature, from the majority of the members of j
the two bodies. I say 1 will maintain her sov-
eignty, I will preserve her representation, and ,
thereby I will perpetuate the interests of my <
country, the Constitution of the Union, the con-
stitutionsof the States, the rights and sovereignty
of the States, and crush out faction.
Mr HALE. Mr. President, I do not mean to
occupy the time ofthe Senate agreat while; and as
to attention, I do not hope for that at all; but as I
look upon tins as an exceedingly important ques-
tion, I simply wish to place thegrounds on which
I shall act before the Senate. It is not for me to
say whether they will have any influence. Suf-
fice it that they justify my own conduct.
When I came here at the commencement of the
iast Congress, the gentleman sitting by my light
—and as I am speaking from the Journal I will
give the name—the Hon. Jamf.s Hari.an, frur/i
the State of Iowa—was here claiming his seal as
a Senator duly elected by the Legislature cf that :
State. The circumstances of that case as they |
exist in my memory were substantially these: in !
pursuance of a law of the State of Iowa, there was :
a joint convention of the two branches of the Le- .
gi'slature for the purpose of choosing a Senator.
That convention met, and not being able to effect
a choice on the first day, they adjourned m pur-
suance of an express authority of law to a day
certain. I pass over the intermediate adjourn-
ments I believe there were several—and come to
the day on winch the election was made. Upon
that day thus appointed by the convention agree- .
ably to an adjournment, which they not only had j
authority, but were compelled by law to make,
the convention met:but, upon thatday,a majority j
ofthe Senate of the State, for purposes satisfac- :
tory, at least, to themselves, declined to meet; and j
the remainder of the convention, acting upon the j
assumption that that convention having once been
legally formed, continued to be one body, compe- j
tent, by the Constitution, to elect a Senator of j
the United States, in which I believed then, and
believe, now, they were right, proceeded to elect
the Hon. James Harlan, and gave him his cer- ,
tificate: and he came here and took his seat. I
believed then, and I believe now, that he was as 1
well entitled to his seat as any man upon ^this j
floor; and I said something then foi which I re- ;
member I was rebuked by an honorable Senator t
not now among the living—Hon. Judge Butler, |
of South Carolina I said, and 1 repeal the same
thin" now, that so clear to my mind was that case 1
that^s I weighed the arguments, there had not
been anything that came up even to the dignity
of sophistry impugning the right of the Hon. All.
I-Ivbum, under that election, to a seat on this
floor. I believed so then honestly; I have be-
lieved so ever since; I believe so now; and 1 will
always act as I acted then. _ *10 *
But, sir, a very decided majority of thebenate
of the United States, among which majority was
neither the honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs,] nor the honorable Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Pcjgh,] judged differently, and the ground
assumed in the argument was, that a continuing
assent m every meeting of the convention on the
part of both branches of the Iowa Legislature
was wanting, and that if, in any stage of the pro-
ceeding, either branch chose to withdraw jts as-
sent, it was competent for it to do so, and when
it had done so, the power by which the conven-
tion was organized ceased, and it ceased to have !
authority to choose a Senator, and therefore as
scope of the argument, it has certainly been pre-
sented in that way more than once. The honor-
able Senator from Ohio nods absent. Then th«
argument is urged that the election of a Senator
cannot be a legislative act, because it does not
need the assent of the Governor. Now, sir, the
Legislature is entirely independent of the veto of
the Executive; and because some constitutions
give to the Governor a qualified veto upon an act
of the Legislature, that does not make him any
1 part of the Legislature. " The supreme legisla-
tive power in this State," says the constitution
of my own State, "shall be vested in a Senate
the ease was stated in the argument, as I recollect and House of Representatives." They are the
it—of course I do not pretend to bo verbally ac-
curate, for I have not looked at it since—a major- \
ity of this body voted, " that James Harlan is j
not entitled to his seat as Senator from Iowa;" j
and the yeas which declared that, under the cir- j
cumstances, Mr. Harlan was not entitled to his 1
seat were, according to the Journal, Messrs, Al- j
len, Bayaid, Benjamin,Biggs,Butler, Cass, Clay, j
Comegys, Crittenden, Dodge,Evans, Fitzpatrick,
Geyer, Hunter, Iverson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Reid, Rusk, Sebastian,
Stuaft, Toucey, Weller, and Wright.
That is history. That was less than two years
ago. The honorable Mr. Harlan, on that vote
vacated his seat here and went home, and that
stands as the judgment of the Senate upon that
case. I thought then, 1 have thought ever since,
1 think still, the Senate were wrong, but my indi-
vidual opinion had to yield to the deliberate judg-
ment of this body.
Mr. TOOMBS. What was the majority ?
Mr. HALE. The yeas were 28, and the nays
18; the majority was ten. Well, sir, a case some-
what similar, not parallel, presents itself now
from the State of Indiana. I have not listened to
all the arguments that have been adduced upon
this subject; and, therefore, in tire few remarks I
shall make, I may not follow the train of argu-
ment that has been suggested by any Senator who
has addressed the Senate. I did hear a consider-
Legislature; "they are the supreme legislative
power; and yet, by the same constitution, the
Governor has a qualified veto upon the acts of
the two Houses, out that does not make him a
part of the Legislature.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. PUGH. In some of the constitutions of
the States in force at the time the Constitution of
the United States was adopted, the. language is,
that the legislative power shall be vested m the
Governor, Council, and House of Representa-
tives; and yet, in none of these States, was the
Governor allowed to have anything to do with
the choice of Senators?
Mr. HALE. That may be very true; but in
some other States it is different. It is different in
the one with which I am most familiar; the con-
stitution of my own State which declares that the
supreme legislative power shall be vested in two
Houses, and still the Governor has a qualified
veto. But, sir, I apprehend it makes no sort of
odds whether you say it is to be done in one ca-
pacity or another; so long as the Constitution
says that the choice shall be made by the Legis-
lature—that means some body; it does not mean
a certain set of individuals, but it means a body
known to the Constitution as the Legislature, and
to that it has reference, and not to the individual
nas aciuresseu ine oeiuue. 1 uiu nuai a cuuoiuci- 1 ^ ^   
able part of the statement that was made by the '[ members who compose it. Now, let me take this
honorable Senator from Ohio, 111 opening the case, jj simple doctrine of a bare majority. We have
' " 1 lately had an illustration of this m a matter which
is considerable interesting to myself irt my own
State. Our constitution is somewhat peculiar in
The case from Indiana is different from the case
in Iowa; but similar to n in one particular, and
in that particular winch, m the. Iowa case, was
supposed to be controlling, and that is, that at the
time when the purported election was made, there
was not the assent of a majority of each House
to the convention. In other respects it is diffuient
from the Iowa case, as I understand the matter,
and I will thank any Senator to correct me'if I
misstate the facts. A §;ood deal has been said
about a convention being formed of the two
Houses of the Indiana Legislature, for the pur-
pose of receiving and counting the votes for Gov-
ernor. I do not so understand the history of the
ease. I do not understand that there was a con-
vention of the two Houses in any sense of the
word; but that, by the requirements of the organic
law, the constitution of Indiana, the two Houses
were required to be present when the Speaker of
the House of Representatives should open and
count the votes. The constitution required them
to be piesent,and they, or a portion of them, were
nresent at that time; and after completing the
business for which they were assembled, ad-
journed to a subsequent day.
The Constitution of the United States says—
and it is hardly worth while to repeat the lan-
guage—that Senators shall be chosen by the Le-
gislatures of the States. That word "Legisla-
ture" has some meaning; but it has been argued,
if I have understood the argument, that, when it
comes to the choice of Seuatois, it cannot mean
the Legislatuie m its legislative character, be-
cause there is no assent of the Governor required;
and hence it is said to be manifest that the Con-
stitution could not have meant the Legislature in
its legislative capacity.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator alludes to my
argument, I will say that I gave a different rea-
i son. It was, that all the States but three have
held that though the majority of one branch may
be one way, if a greater majority of the other is
the other way, that election is good. That is the
principle at the bottom of it.
Mr. HALE. I did not refer particularly to the
Senator from Georgia, for I do not mean,_ as I
said in the opening, to follow the tram of any
particular gentleman, but as I undex'stanu the
the formation of the Legislature, the popular
branch consisting of a little over three hundred
members, and the Senate of only twelve; so that
six men in the Senate of New Hampshire at any
time have a veto upon the three hundred of the
popular branch. Well, sir, the Legislature of
New Hampshire, during the present week, un-
dertook to exercise the power of electing a Sen-
ator granted by the Constitution of the United
States, and one hundred and eighty-five of them
upon the first ballot, baing a very large and de-
cided majority of the whole number constituting
both branches, upon the first ballot threw then-
votes for one individual; but it never occurred to
them by any possibility that, when they had done
that they had made an election, although a very
large majority of the members of the Legislatuie
had concurred in it; and the pretense was never
set up in that State that that was anything but the
beginning of an election. I remember a case in
the history of that State, when the popular branch
by a very decided majority had chosen a gen-
tleman to represent the State in this body, and
the Senate upon the question of concurring in
I his election were divided six to six. Six men
I held between two and three hundred at bay, and
i the election went over; and the State of New
Hampshire remained unrepresented in this body
until another year came round, when the people
! expressed their will through the medium of a
popular election, and another gentleman was
i chosen.
Again, sir, in this very State of Indiana, if the
history comes to me aright, the Senate ofthe State,
two years before this election, stood out against an
: election; but the eloquent Senator from Georgia,
i 111 all his denunciations against those traitorous
wretches who have violated their constitutional
oaths, and their duty, and who are ready to bnng_
anarchy upon the Government, has no word of
i censure, no word of condemnation, for the men
! that kept the Legislature of Indiana from choos-
i in" Senators at the preceding meeting, when, if
! they had gone into a convention and chosen, it is
I very possible, not to say probable, that gentle-
