1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1923
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I have none.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. When gentlemen
have come and asked me to get them clerkships,
I have advised them, as a friend, against taking
positions in the Departments at Washington. I
do notknowthese map clerks; and I am governed,
sir, in my advocacy of this measure by no such
motive as might he inferred from the remarks of
my honorable friend from; South Carolina. This
question came up before the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. It was amply discussed, and a large
majority of that committee were in favor of con-
tinuing three clerks and two draughtsmen, be-
lieving that they would be necessary to carry out
the original design. The honorable chairman has
that resolution in his charge, ready for present-
ation to the House at the proper time.
One word more. My friend from South Caro-
lina asked, with an air of triumph, why it is that
nine clerks have not kept this work up, and yet,
with a reduction to five, it can be kept up, espe-
cially when new Territories are coming in, and
they have to be mapped under this system? I
will answer the gentleman, and once for all. It
is well known that the old land States have already
been mapped. The lands there have been taken
up and mapped. That portion of the work is not
to be done again. When the new Territories are
being surveyed, when numerous land grants ate
being asked, these maps are necessary. I have
in my drawer, from my colleague on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Montgomery,] bills granting lands
to the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska. It is
necessary to have maps of the land in these new
Territories. And when it is all-important that
this work should be kept up, now it is that some
gentlemen upon this floor, in my judgment a little
more penny-wise than pound-foolish, come for-
ward and oppose that which has not been opposed
since the resolution was adopted—some six or
seven years ago, I believe. Now, sir, I have
examined these maps carefully—and I think I am
a pretty good judge of work of that kind, for I
have the honor of having been a clerk almost all
the days of my life. Go to those maps, and you
see, at a glance, by the coloring, what lands have
been taken up, and what are vacant; and you are
saved the trouble and labor of going to the office
of the Commissioner of Public Lands, and there
obtaining that information from the plats and field-
notes, and the entire record. That is one reason
why I would have them continued.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Mc-
Queen] says he does not believe that any mem-
ber has referred to those maps during this session.
The gentleman is mistaken. I know he would
make no remark which he did not believe to be
strictly true, but I myself have had several occa-
sions to examine those maps for obtaining inform-
ation—information which it would have taken me
"a long time to obtain in any other manner.
Mr. RUFFIN. I have but a few minutes left,
and 1 must resume.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desired to say some-
thing further m regard to this matter, but I thank
the gentleman from North Carolina for yielding
me tlws much of his time.
Mr. RUFFIN. I have but a very few words to
say. Now, sir, as to this thing of trying to make
an issue as to whether these clerks have ever
given any information improperly, I do not think
it is at all before the House. 1 am astonished that
gentlemen should attempt to make such an issue
here. My friend from Indiana said the other day
that such an imputation was made. Nobody has
charged them with doing so, to my knowledge.
But it is said that they could give this informa-
tion, and that these insinuations were taken from
the letters of the Secretary of the Interior, and of
Commissioner Hendricks, which have been read.
It is said that they may do it, and that they are
not controlled by the same regulations which gov-
ern clerks in the other Departments of the Gov-
ernment. In addressing a letter to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, we asked him
whether, in his opinion, these maps were neces-
sary or not ? Here is his reply:
" In answer to the first inquiiy, I have to state that, in
the opinion of tins office, the construction of these maps is
not necessary, certainly not to this office, m the prepaia-
uon of answers to calls from the House or committees, our
statistics and data being piepared wholly irrespective of
those maps,and witliout'refcrence to orrelianceon them."
And he goes on to say:
" I beg leave to add that the present arrangement is one
of great inconvenience to us, as we have no control over
the eletks employed m this business, and who have free
access to books and papers, not allowed to any other per-
sons, and consequent!;/without any responsibility in the
matter to the department in chai«e of the land archives
and the rulimmsaution of the public lands tor which it is
responsible.
Thegentlemanfromlndiana [Mr.Davis] speaks
of having bills in his drawer for railroads m Ne-
braska and Kansas. Now, I ask the gentleman
if we have any map of those Territories that we
can refer to? We have to net in the dark as re-
gards those Territories, so far as these maps are
concerned. The resolution never extended the
labor of the clerks to those Territories.
But the gentleman says he will answer my
question as to how five men could kee'p up the
work, by saying that the maps for the States are
now nearly completed. But I state the fact, and
I challenge any member of the committee to deny
it, that when we had the chief draughtsman be-
fore us, he informed us that the maps of the sev-
eral States were four or five mouths behindhand.
The day has now been fixed for the adjournment
of Congress, and those maps are not completed,
and are not likely to be completed tins session.
Then, I ask, what benefit they can be to this
committee? They are not in the committee-room
at all; and of what possible benefit can they be
to us ? I do not see why the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands—although my colleague on that com-
mittee [Mr. Cosb] the other day claimed that it
was the most important committee of the House
—should have ten clerks, when you know it is a
difficult matter for the other committees to get
one clerk. We have one clerk in our room. We
could send him to the Land Office to get this in-
formation; but instead of that we must have nine
clerks, with enormous salaries paid through the
whole year. 1 do contend that gentlemen here
who have pledged themselves before the people in
favor of reform, cannot justify themselves m the
continuance of these clerks upon any principle of
justice, or upon any principle of risfht to the Gov-
ernment. It seems to me that although this is
comparatively a small matter, it is one of those
cases in which we should inaugurate a reform;
because the House has entire control and juris-
diction over it. Try it one or two years, and if
we cannot get along without these clerks, it will
be time for Congress to pass a resolution to rein-
state them. Congress once got along well enough
without them, and it seems to me there is no dif-
ficulty in doing it again.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Is it in order to
reply to the amendment >
The CHAIRMAN, It is nott as general de-
bate is now closed upon the bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES obtained the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I propose to move
an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I do not propose
to occupy much time, as it is important that we
should progress with this bill. Debate having
closed, I avail myself of this opportunity to say
what I desire to say, as I shall not be able to do
so at any other time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I merely wish to
say a word in reply to the gentleman from North
Carolina. Will the gentleman from Pennsylvania
yield to me for that purpose?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will allow the
gentleman to speak, and take it out of my time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. 1 desire to say but
a few words in relation to the question discussed
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Ruf-
fin.] I have no sort of interest in the matter what-
ever, and am entirely willing to concur in the
amendment proposed by the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. I think it very probable that the re-
duction of force proposed by that committee may
be entirely proper; but, from what I know of the
labors of that board of clerks, or bureau, I think
it ought not to be entirely abolished.
It is said that it is the object to keep up this
system for the purpose of having places for ap-
pointees. Now it is a singular fact that the chief
of that bureau has been retained under the ad-
ministration of all parties in this House, so en-
tirely competent and qualified has it been appar-
ent to the Clerks of the House, of all parties, that
he has been. And 1 feel free to say, from ten
years' acquaintance with him, that I think he is
entitled to as much confidence as any man in this
country. I need only state this fact to have a
complete answer to the idea that has been ad-
vanced, that these offices are retained for the pur-
pose of having places for partisan friends—that
if that were so, the Clerk would surely give the
best place to one who was of his own political
cast of opinion. Tiie reverse has been the case.
Under Clerks of all parties, the present head of
that bureau has been retained, because all have
had confidence in his capacity and usefulness.
One word in regard to an insinuation that has
been thrown out that information is communi-
cated by the clerks holding office in connection
with this branch of the public service. For my
own part I do not object to their giving informa-
tion to members of this House. I believe that to
do so was one of the objects of their appointment.
The law created the bureau for the purpose of
furnishing a place to which members could resorfc
for information.
Mr. COBB. The resolution says that it was for
the use of the Committee on Public Lands, and
the House of Representatives.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. It was for that pur-
pose. Any member can apply theie and get in-*
formation which he can getnowhere elsein Wash-
ington. I have had frequent occasion to apply to
them for information, and I have always been able
to obtain it at once, and accurately. I might here,
also, state a fact which has come to my knowl-
edge. The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
GIuitman] introduced a resolution some time ago,
calling for a large amount and great variety of
information in regard to the public lands. It was
found impossible by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to furnish that information
without taking months for the purpose of its prep-
aration and condensation; but on application to
the chief of this bureau, it'was obtained and fur-
nished in a few days, and sent to the House. If
it had not been for that bureau, it could not have
been furnished during the session.
Mr. UUFFIN. Could not the Clerk of the
House change the clerks, and leave the head of
the bureau unmolested?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I know about the
head of the bureau. I do not know how it is in
regard to the other clerks. I have no interest in
them. I know the chief, Mr. Parker, and have
known him for ten years past. I know that the
Clerk of the House would not be inclined to
changc the clerks, and leave the best place unpro-
vided by the appointment of one of his own friends.
The opinion expressed by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office that this bureau is un-
necessary, is an opinion which may be taken for
what it is worth. The opinion of Mr. Hendricks
in regard to anything in his own office is import-
ant and reliable; but he is here speaking of some-
thing entirely outside of his office, and over which
he has no control—a matter of which he can fur-
nish no better opinion than those of any of us here.
He is, doubtless, anxious to get the appointment
of these clerks under his bureau, as the gentleman
from South Carolina has said.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Hendricks may be considered
as officious in this matter. His opinion in writ-
ing was called out by a resolution of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands asking him for it. I never
before that heard him express an opinion on the
subject.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have no reflection
to make against Mr. Hendricks derogatory to his
character, personal or official. As the Commis-
sioner of the Public Lands, I have entire confi-
dence in him. I only say, that on this subject he
knows no more than anybody else. He has given,
his opinion on it, but it is entitled to no more
weight than that of anybody else.
Now for the statement that this work is frny
or five months behindhand. These returns are
only made once a quarter, and it is clear that they
cannot be up. When the returns come in, the
clerks go to work upon them. It is impossible
not to be behind. The work, however, is cleared
up as fast as it comes in.
I am willing to vote for the amendment pro- _
posed by the Committee on Public Lands, but I
think that it would be detrimental to the public
service, and injurious to the interest of the land
States,to have this appropriation stricken out,and
this force swept away. I am satisfied of this fact
from considerable acquaintance with the matter/
