1924
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
The old States have had their land already worked
out by these clerks, and now the work can be
carried on by a smaller force. When these clerks
were appointed, large arrears wore to be brought
upf. They are all up now, and this is an answer
to the gentleman from South Carolina. That re-
duced force, I think, can do the work that is to be j
done,-and for the resolution of the Committee on ;
Public Lands I am willing to vote;, but not for i
this striking: down of the appropriation. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It is due from me to ^
the Commissioner of the General Land Office to
say this: I had a conveisation with him on this
subject. IlisobjecUon to these clerks was founded
upon the fact that they were not under his con-
trol—not that they were not appointed by him.
His objection does not arise because he has not
their appointment.
Mr. BOYCE. I will ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. X yield to the gen-
tleman.
■Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Chairman, I sought the floor
some days since, as soon as possible <-ftcr the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Qluitman] had
slated his objections to the bill then before the
House, reported from the committee of conference
in relation to the admission of Kansas. The high
regard I have for that gentleman induccs me to
treat hia dissent upon this occasion from the al-
most unanimous action of the southern delegations
in both Houses, with great rcspect. The gen-
tleman's objections to the proposed bill were two-
fold. First, that it was a letting down on the part
of the South from the position we had heretofore
held upon this subject. Second, that the reference
of the land grant proposition to a vote of the peo-
ple oflCansas, was an infringement of State rights.
Even if I were to grant the truth of the first ob-
jection, it might not be conclusive; because the
'question would still be, was the present proposi-
tion wise? if that question be answered in the
affirmative,as I think itmustnecesaarily be, should
we be estopped from taking it because we had pre-
viously taken an indefensible position? I think
not. If our past position was unwisely taken,
instead of clinging to error, we should make haste
to put ourselves on the impregnable ground of
common sense and truth. But I do not admitthat
we have changed our ground. What had we been
contending for? That Kansas should not be re-
jected because she had a slave constitution, and
that Congress should not intervene and proscribe
how that constitution should be framed by the
people of Kansas. The bill from the committee
eoncodesboth of these positions as claimed by us.
The bill, conceding both these propositions,only
requires the assent of the people of Kansas to wluit
is confessedly a reasonable proposition in refer-
ence to the public domain. We have never con-
tended that Kansas should be admitted with her
unjust ordinance operative in regard to the public
lands. All of our action upon this subject has
been in repudiation of that ordinance. We now
say to the people as exactly what we have said
all the time—repudiate that ordinance, agiec to
what is customary and right in regard to the
public land, and you are in the Union under (ho
Lccompton constitution; we only vary the mode
of obtaining that result. The fust objection of
the gentleman from Mississippi is, I submit, un-
founded.
I piocoed now to the second objection. This
requ'res a more extended consideration, and in-
volves n wide range of argumentation on consti-
tutional law, which will furnish, I think, a satis-
factory answer to the objection.
The Territorial Legislature of Kansas called a
convention to frame a State constitution. This
convention framed what is known as the Lccomp-
ton constitution,andapplied foradmisstou. What-
ever vitality this constitution has was derived pri-
marily from thcTerntorial Legislature. I consider
that the Territorial Legislature had no power to
originate an authoritative State organization. Cer-
tain provisions in the Kansas-Nebraska bill have
been supposed to confer this power. The words
of the said act bearing on this point are as follows:
The Territorial Legislature shall have power over
" all rightful subjects of legislation consistent with
the Constitution and said act, and the people are
left perfectly fiee to form and regulate their do-
mestic institutions in their own way, subject,
however, to the Constitution of the United States.5'
These provisions do not, in my opinion, operate
as an enabling act, and do not, therefore, authorize
the people of Kansas to set up a State government
in subversion of the territorialgovernment. These
"provisions are to be construed in subordination to
the scope and purpose of the Kansas and Nebraska
bill. That bill was a bill for a territorial govern-
ment, and all the powers conferred by it are con-
ferred subject to this idea. That is to say, the
Kansas and Nebraska bill confers ceitain powers
of self-government, but they arc all to be taken
subject to the continuance of the territorial gov-
ernment, and with that view. No power is con-
ferred under that act to displace the territorial
government and set up a new government. Fur-
ther, if the territorial authorities of Kansas could
substitute a State government, what was the
necessity of the enabling act which was recom-
mended by President Pierce m 1&56, and reported
from the Committee on Territories to the Senate;
and why the enabling act known as the Toombs
bill, which passed the Senate, and was sustained
in the House by the Democratic party ? It would
seem, from these facts, that the Executive, the
Senate, and nearly one half of the House of Rep-
resentatives, considered an enabling! act neces-
sary; or, in other words, that the Territorial Le-
gislature did not have power to set up a State
government absolutely. If the Kansas-Nebraska
bill is not an enabling act, it is very evident the
Territorial Legislature could not, cxproprio vigore}
move conclusively in the matter. The correct
doctrine upon this point was announced by Mr.
Butler, Attorney General of the United States, in
the Arkansas case, when the Territorial Legisla-
ture originated proceedings for a State organiza-
tion—that the inhabitants of a Territory had no
right to do any act designed or calculated to sub-
vert or supersede the existing territorial govern-
ment, without the previous consent of Congicss,
though they mi^ht peaceably assemble and sign
a petition, and accompany it with a written con-
stitution, as a part of their petition, for authouty
to form a State government, provided such meas-
ures were in subordination to the territorial gov-
ernment, and in entire subserviency to the power
of Congress to adopt or disregard their applica-
tion. According to these principles, then, the pro-
ceedings which hove taken place in Kansas in
reference to State organization, have not, and can-
not of themselves, constitute Kansas a perfect
State. She is now only a State potential, not a
State imperative, a State that may be, not a State
that must be. What Kansas has done amounts
to nothing more, in effect, than a petition for ad-
mission. It is true Congress can waive objections
to the iriegulai ity of the proceedings, and consent
to the admission of Kansas. The proceedings
may be sufficiently binding upon the people of
Kansas, but they are not of complete validity
unless assented to by us. Kansas is not, there-
fore, a State outside of the Union. She is only a
Territory asking admission under proceedings for
StPtc organization, binding upon her, but not
upon us.
It may be said that the people of a Territory
ha\c a ri^ht to admission as a State into the
Unio.i. i admit thus to be true to a certain ex-
tent; but it is a ru;h t which cannot be urged to the
injury of the existing States. In the case of Kan-
sas it has been thought the claim for admission
was strengthened by the provisions of the treaty
acquiring Louisiana, as follows:
"The inhabitants of the eeded  eiiitorv rhall be incor-
porated in the nmou of the United Slates, and admitted a1?
soon <>■« possible, aceoidms to the principle ofthe Federal
ConMit'inon, fo the enjo\ ment of all the rishts, advantages,
and immunities of Citizens of the United States."
But I do not consider the claim of the people
of Kansas Territory to admission in any degree
strengthened by this treaty, any more than such
claim was strengthened by the ordinance of 1787,
in reference to the Territories formed north of the
Ohio river; because the claim of the people of a
Territory to admission, resulting independently
of all treaties or ordinances, from the genius of
our institutions, is as strong as it canXe not to
be imperative, but subordinate to the well being
of the existing States, according to the judgment
of Congress justly exercised. Or, to vaiy the form
of stating this proposition, no treaty or ordinance
can compel Congress to admit a State which it
considers ought not to be admitted; but no Con-
gress could rightfully refuse to admit a State to*
whose admission there was no just exception. For
example, no Congress could rightfully object to
the admission of a slave State simply as such.
Under the modifications, then, above stated, a
Territory has a right to admission; but this right
cannot ai;ise, supposing the case is unexception-
able upon all other grounds, until the Territory
has a. population equal to the ratio of represent-
ation, that is to say, ninety-three thousand four
and twenty. The Constitution of the United States
authorizes Congress to determine the ratio of rep-
resentation, with a provision that each State shall
have at least one member. When Congress has
determined that ratio, it is the same thing, in
effect, as if the Constitution had established it,
for being done by virtue of the power conferred
in the Constitution, it is the same thing as if con-
tained in the Constitution. In other words, the
ratio of representation, as determined by Congress,
bccomes the constitutional ratio of representation.
The people of a Territory have no just cause of
complaint for non-admission until they possess a
population equal to the ratio of representation, for
they cannot claim more than equality with the
people of the States; m other words, they cannot
claim a Representative in the House of "Repre-
sentatives, which isone of the incidents of admis-
sion, until their population entitles them to it ac-
cording to the existing rule. Congress, itis true,
may waive the rule, and admit a State with a de-
ficient population; but it is an exercise of power
which should bo made with great prudence. I
have thus far considered the right of a Territory
to admission. To complete the view of the sub-
ject, it is necessary to regard it in another aspect
—the power of Congress in reference to the Ter-
ritories, and the admission of new States.
From the origin of the Government to the pres-
ent day, the power of Congress to govern the
Territories by some form of territorial govern-
ment has been universally conceded , Itis not ne-
cessary, for our present purposes, to inquire as to
the source of this power m the Constitution, its
existence being a matter of general consent. This
doctrine necessarily repudiates what is called
squatter sovereignty, and implies that no govern-
ment ignoring the government established by Con-
gress over the Territories can rightfully be insti-
tuted there without the consent of Congress. Upon
this pointwc have the authority of Mr. Calhoun,
who said, in the case of Michigan:
" My opinion \vn«, and hti'l is, tlmt the movement of the
people of Miehiii m, in fonnnig for themselves a £tate con-
stitution, without wnitnig for ihe a>-ent of Ooncre-^, was
levoiuiionaiv, a= it t'stew ofT Use authority of the United
States over lite Teiutoiy ; and that we were left at liberty
t<> ticat the proceeding revolutionary, and to remand her
to her trrritonal condition, oi to waive the nreg>-ilarity,and
to iccocm/.e what was dune as rightfully done, as our au-
thority "alone was concerned."
There is no mode by which a State government"
can be rightfully instituted in a Territory, except
by the precedent assent of Congress, or a subse-
quent waiver of objection.
As to the power of Congress to admit new
States, the Constitution says Congress " may ad-
mit" new States. This implies discretion, not an
arbitrary, but a sound discretion. There are five
distinct grounds, as I conceive, upon which Con-
gress may decline to admit new States:
1. That the constitution is anti-republican, or
at war with the Federal Constitution.
2. That the boundaries ore not satisfactory.
3. That the right of the General Government to
the public lauds isdisru^nrdcd.
4. That the population is not sufficient.
5. That the people of the Territory are unfit
for self-government.
In reference to the first ground of rejection, sup-
pose a State should insert a clause in her constitu-
tion establishing titles of nobiiitv, or prohibiting
the rendition of fugitive slaves: surely Congress
might decline to admit her. Again, suppose a
State should extend her boundaries over all the
Territories, or an undue portion of them: could
not Congress reject her application? Or suppose
a State confiscates all the public lands within her
boundaries: shall sho be admitted ? Surely not;
because the public lands belong to the States for
their common benefit, and Congress, aslhe trustee
for the States of these lands, could not, without
a gross dereliction of duty, abandon them to the
exorbitant demand of an unscrupulous State. Sup-
pose five hundred men apply for admission as a
State: shall they be admitted? Certainly not.
