1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have a right to come here either as free States or
slave States, as they should think proper.
I disagreed with that policy so far as to make
the propositions which I did, and so far as to sup-
port the compromise measures in the shape in
which they were finally reported from the com-
mittee of thirteen, though they were not such
propositions as I had presented to the Senate my-
self in the first instance. I presume that is amis-
take on the part of my colleague as to the position
I occupied then.
My colleague has spokes of my remarks as to
the understanding of this question by the people
of Tennessee. I said before that I did not believe
five hundred people in the State of Tennessee un-
derstood the question "at this day; and how could
they, when we do not agree upon it ourselves ?
The fact that we here disagree as to the construc-
tion of the Kansas-Nebraska bill is notorious and
payable.
Then in regard to my colleague's remarks on
the quotations from my speech of 1854, incorpo-
rated into the preamble of these resolutions which
I said were garbled, I acquit my colleague from
any intention to do injustice to me in that respect;
for he does not appear to understand what is a
garbled extract. He says these extracts are full;
they are whole paragraphs or whole sentences
taken from my speech; and he asks, how are they
garbled ? He says, part of a paragraph is not torn
from the context, leaving another part which, if
it had been quoted, would explain the meaning.
Why, sir, what I said at first and say now, is
that the whole speech is the context. Tasked
that the whole speech should be taken into con-
sideration. I predicated my declarations, which
are quoted by the Legislature in the preamble to
these resolutions, on the ground that the measure
should first come to be well understood by the
people, and its consequences seen, and I die! not
doubt that they would be soon seen. My col-
league does not take this distinction. He con-
siders that if there is not an actual perversion
and misquotation, there is no garbling. I excuse
him for taking that position, for I do not think
he sees it.
My colleague seemed to manifest the same dis-
position throughout. He spoke disparagingly of
a speech made by me in the Naslnille market-
house, and said that the audience was good at the
commencement but very small at the close, and
that I only published one half of itand neverpub-
lished the other half. My colleague is mistaken.
The speech which I published was a speech de-
livered to a very small assemblage called together
without preparation, made in merely a conversa-
tional tone. I made two speeches afterwards to
large audiences, filling the whole space around me
as far as I could be heard; and until now I never
heard that they had fallen away from me during
the progress of my speech. I bring this in merely
as a rebutter to that sort of passion which my col-
league seems to have; but how small it is ! He
said I made a speech to a large audience at first,
but that it dwindled down to a very few at the
close; that I published half of it and never pub-
lished the rest. This is not atall true. Thespeech
which I published was made to a very small au-
dience, only some forty, or fifty, or sixty, in the
market-house, towards dark, when I could hardly
see to read a paper of any sort, and when there
was no preparation for a meeting, the market not
being lighted up. This is a trifling matter, but I
advert to it only because I think it is indicative
of the whole feeling which has inspired my col-
league. I cannot comprehend it at all.
My colleague states that he and I had a conver-
sation in relation to the debate which might take
place on the presentation of these resolutions. He
tells that I had memorized'the speech I meant to
make in regard to them. I did not tell him so;
and I believe he admits that I had not spoken it
as he says itwas memorized. How did he get the
knowledge that I memorized it?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I always like
to get facts right; and with the permission of my
colleague, I will give what was my understanding.
I understood him in his remarks yesterday even-
ing to state that he had studied it. Perhaps he did
not make use of the word " memorized," but he
said he had studied his speech. That is what I
understood.
Mr. BELL. My colleague is apt to make such
mistakes. I said I had studied it, and I did it par-
ticularly to avoid any severe terms in commenting
on the proceedings of the Legislature, so that my
colleague might not feel called upon to reply. I
told him, in advance, the severest thing I should
say, which was that I considered this preamble
and the first two resolutions gotten up by those
who plotted them as a deliberate insult, and char-
acteristic of the men. That is all I said that I
think could call for any remarks. I spoke with
respect of everything else, except that I disagreed
with them. He came forward, however, with a
regular set speech. Whether it was conned or not,
I cannot say, and I do not know whether, yester-
day evening, I said itwas; but it looked very much
like it. It was a translation here of one of the
speeches he has been accustomed to make in Ten-
nessee on the stump, including the philosophy of
government and the philosophy of slavery.
Whatdoes he say 111 his recent remarks? That
he kept in view the maxim of Cromwell, " keep
yourpowder dry;" and he did not know but that
I would take him by surprise. That is the found-
ation of the whole thing. If he had regarded me
as a gentleman, he could nothavehad such a con-
ceit in his mind. If he did not, where did he de-
rive the idea? When did I ever deceive a gentle-
man, or prove false to pledges or obligations?
There is the foundation of this whole difficulty
between my colleague and myself. Wo have dif-
ferent ideas and different conceptions of what
belongs to a man of principle and honor.
Mr. POLK. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. 1VERS0N. Will the Senator allow me
to ask a question of the Chair? J wish to know
whether, if the Senate goes into executive session
now, the Army bill will have priority of other
business to-morrow as unfinished business?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question has not been disposed of. It is the mo-
tion to print the resolutions of the Legislature of
Tennessee.
Several Senators. Let us dispose of that ques-
tion.
The motion to print was agreed to.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
Mr. POLK. I renew my motion for an exec-
utive session.
Mr. 1VERSON. Will the Army bill come up
to-morrow in preference to other business ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not except
by motion to which the Senate shall agree.
Mr. 1VERSON. I ask the Senator from Mis-
souri to withdraw his motion, to allow me to move
to take up the Army bill, simply that it may be
postponed until to-morrow, or left as unfinished
business.
Mr. POLK. I withdraw my motion for that
purpose.
Mr. 1VERSON. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No. i
79) to increase the military establishment of the '
United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up as in Committee of the Whole.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. POLK. 1 now renew my motion for an
executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the doors were
closed. After some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 24, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. T. II. Bocock, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was lead and approved.
PENSIONS TO OFFICERS OF WAR OF 1813.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of House bill (No.
259) granting pensions to the officers and soldiers
of the war with Great Britain of 1812, and to those
engaged in Indian wars at that period, the con-
sideration of which was postponed till this day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not see in his place
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Savage,]
who has charge of this bill; but he informed me
yesterday that he desires to have it still further
postponed.
Mr. CURTIS. At the time this bill was post-
poned, it was understood that the Committee on
Mihtarv Affairs should lwve time to consider it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest that it
will be found, on examination of this bill, tliat it-
makes continuous and indefinite appropriations
for all pensions createdhy the bill, whatever they
may be; and, under the rule, it must,as a matter
of course, have its first consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SAVAGE. I have consulted the friends -
of the bill and some of its opponents, and 1 find
that those persons who have been desiring to op-
pose the bill have not yet got the information
asked from the President in relation to this mat-
ter of pensions. I do not know whether it has
been yet sent to the House; but at all events it'
has not been printed, so as to come to the knowl-
edge of members. It is not my desire to take any
unfair advantage of gentlemen, or to make use of
any artifice for the purpose of securing the pas-
sage of this bill. I desire that it shall have the
fullest and most ample consideration. I do not
believe that it would be just towards the oppo-
nents of this bill to press its consideration at this
time, or until the information asked for shall have
been supplied. I therefore ask of the House to
have this bill placed in such a position as to in-
sure it a full consideration at a proper time here-
after.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. What question Is
pending before (he House ? "
The SPEAKER^ A motion to recommit the
bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is that debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SAVAGE. I am not going to discuss it.
I am stating to the House the reasons why I shall
not press tiie consideration of the bill at this time.
The Army bill, which will be reported by the dis-
tinguished chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, will require, I think, immediate con-
sideration. There is another subject of great
national importance which is pressing upon the
consideration of the House. For these reasons,
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to
postpone this bill till the first Tuesday in April,
and that it be made a special order, and be con-
sidered from day to day till disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit the ques-
tion of order, whether this bill,making an appro-
priation, can be debated here?
The SPEAKER. As this bill contains a con-
tinuous and permanent appropriation, tho Chair
is of opinion that i t must be firstconsidered in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SAVAGE. Tho order that I ask can be
made by unanimous consent of the House. If
unanimous consent be notgiven, then I shall have
another motion to make in relation to this bill.
But I now ask unanimous consent to have it made
a special order for the first Tuesday of April, and
that it be considered from day to day till disposed
of.
Mr. FENTON. I have an amendment to pro-
pose to this bill, in the nature of a substitute,
which I wish to have accompany the bill, that it
may be taken up at the same time for considera-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be received as a
substitute pending the motion to recommit; which
motion precludes an amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What is the prop-
osition of my colleague, [Mr. Savage ?]
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee is, as the Chair under-
stands, that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed till the first Tuesday in April, on which
day it shall be a special order, and shall be con-
tinued from day to day, as a special order in the
House, until disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood my
colleague to ask unanimous consent to make this
bill a special order in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. There is no objection
to that. But if he asks to have it. made a special
order in the House, I must interpose an objection.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Savage] as
desiring the unanimous consent of the House to
have the bill made a special order in the House,
or in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union?
Mr. SAVAGE. In the^House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I must objefft to
that.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. This is a
