1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mb-
mittee on Accounts with it even without a report.
But if it be the pleasure of the House that it shall
be printed and made the special order for some
day certain, I have no objection to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Kentucky that he should have
this hill recommitted to his committee and or-
dered to be printed; and then, when the commit-
tees are ajjain called, he can, after reasonable de-
bate, put u on its passage. I think that will be a
raoiu certain way of securing its consideration
than to fix a particular day. I make that sug-
gestion.
Mr. MASON. The resolution directing us to
examine into this matter authorized us to report
at any time.
Mr. RUFFIN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Kentucky, I desire to make a sug-
gestion. It is now near the end of the month, and |
the offices of this House are m very great confu-
sion. We have found them so all the session.
We have found great difficulty in settling the ac-
counts and keeping the pay-rolls correct, and I
think it is very essential that the matter should
be settled as speedily as possible. For the last two
or three years, everything of this kind has been
carried on in a very disorderly and illegal manner.
When we took this matter in charge, we found
upon the floor of this House over thirty pages.
The Doorkeeper had authority of law to appoint
fourteen. We have recommended that hereafter
there shall be twenty. The committee came to
the conclusion that that was a proper number.
You will recollect, sir, that during the last Con-
gress, although the law authorized the appoint-
ment of but fourteen pages, there were a number
of boys on the floor throughout the whole Con-
gress who had not been legally appointed; and
upon the very last day of the last session a gen-
tleman got up in his place and offered a resolution,
containing the names of eleven extrapages, to pay
them the same allowance, with the extra compen-
sation, that was paid to the other pages. Well,
sir, this thing is in confusion yet. There are now
upon this floor some twenty pages, and only four-
teen are authorized by law. There are more mes-
sengers than are authorized by law. We found,
also, some twenty-eight persons employed in the
folding-room, at a compensation of two dollars
and fifty cents per day. We thought that entirely
wrong. We took the responsibility, as we had
authority to do, of reducing that force. We au-
thorized the Doorkeeper to employ four persons
at two dollars and fifty cents a day, and two la-
borers, at one dollar and fifty cents a day, and to
have the rest of the work done by the piece, as it
was done m former Congresses. We wish to have
the matter of the authority of the committee over
the foidmg-room settled beyond all doubt; and we
have embodied a provision in this bill to that effect, j
giving that authority to the Committee on Ac- \
counts. It is necessary that all these things should
be settled in some definite form; for the members
of the committee are constantly annoyed, and have
been, every day this session, by persons sending
for us out of this Hall to speak about their ac-
counts. Everything is in confusion, and I, for
one, am opposed to this thing being put off. I am
willing that the bill shall be postponed until to-
morrow, or the day after, or long enough for it to
be printed; but I am dccidedly opposed to post-
poning it from week to week, so that it will not
be arranged for another month, and I trust the
chairman of the committee will not agree to it.
Mr LOVEJOY. I would like to have that
clause of the bill read which prescribes the num-
ber of persons to be employed in the post office
of the House during the recess of Congress.
Mr. S E WARD. Is this bill up for consideration?
The SPEAKER. It has been read a first and
second time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I now ask to have that clause
read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Provided, Tlmtdmmg the recess of Congress the Post-
master bo. and U<; is hereby, inquired to reduce the number
of pur-sons employed m hus office to the actual requirements
of tlie same.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I suggest that that leaves the
matter entirely too indefinite. It certainly cannot
be necessary to have more than one person here
during the recess of Congress, simply to forward
letters.
Mr. MASON. If the gentleman will inquire
particularly into the duties of the Postmaster,
he will find that he has a large mass of matter to
distribute immediately after the adjournment of
Congress, and he cannot do without this force.
As soon as ever that labor is done, we have a
right to calculate that the Postmaster will act
according to the law, and reduce the number of
his employes. If he does not, we can reach him
by discharging him.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Would it not be better to
specify the number he shall employ?
Mr. MASON. The number is specified. The
Postmaster is authorized to employ five messen-
gers and four mail boys and assistants. He can
employ five messengers at three dollars a day.
Mr. KELSEY. I rise to a question of order.
What is the question before the House? and is it
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. The question is, Shall the
bill be engrossed and read a third time?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the bill will be printed
before we are called to vote upon it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the bill be recommitted to the Committee on Ac-
counts, and printed. The committee can report
at any time; and hence there is no necessity to
set it down for a particular day. I aslc the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STANTON. What will be the effect of
seconding the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The House will be brought
to vote first on the motion to recommit.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was recommitted to the Committee on Ac-
counts, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEARING, from the minority of the Com-
mittee on Accounts, presented a bill 011 the same
subject, in the nature of a substitute for the bill of
the majority.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I make the
same motion in regard to the substitute: that it
be recommitted, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARREN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of theUnion.
Mr.WASHBURN, ofMaine. 1 hope tlie House
will proceed with the call of committees.
The motion was not agreed to.
CHANGE IN MARINE HOSPITAL SYSTEM.
Mr. CAMPBELL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, introduced a bill to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to change the pres-
ent system of providing relief for sick and dis-
abled seamen; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to recommit the
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
that it be printed. I desire to call the attention of
the House to this bill, as it proposes a radical
change in the present system of marine hospitals-
one which has been recommended by three suc-
cessive Secretaries of the Treasury. I desire to
have the bill printed and recommitted, because,
when the committee is again called upon to report,
we may see fit to ask to have it put. upon its pas-
sage, after reasonable debate. It is not necessary
that it should go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, because it embraces no
appropriation. I desire to call the attention of
members to the bill, and particularly the attention
of those who represent districts where there are
marine hospitals.
Mr.SMITH, of Virginia. I ask thegentleman
whether lie docs not propose to allow some oppor-
tunity for discussion?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have already suggested
that when the bill is again brought before the
House, we may propose, after reasonable time for
discussion, to put it on its passage. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under its operation
the bill was recommitted to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
RICHARD C. MURPHY.
Mr. CRAWFORD, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, presented an adverse report
on the letter of the Secretary of State in reference
to the claim of Ilichard C. Murphy, late consul
at Shanghae; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
JAMES MARKS, AND OTHERS.
Mr. MAYNARD, from the Committee of
Claims, presented an adverse report upon the pe-
tition of James Marks and others; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
WINNEBAGO RESERVATION CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims he discharged
from tlie further consideration of the petitions ui reference
to tiie Winnebago reservation claims, and that the same
be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr.- HARRIS, of Illinois. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division, ayes 86, noes 51.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Greenwood in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
Indian appropriation bill, on which Mr. Craw-
ford was entitled to the floor.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I propose,
in the hour allotted me, to examine the causes and
to explain the reasons why it is that the public
peace has been so much disturbed, and the appre-
hensions of law-abiding citizens aroused lest civil
war should break out upon the borders of our
western States, and spread its desolating influ-
ences throughout the entire Republic.
In so doing I cannot hope to bring anything
now before the country; but I do hope to show
whence originates this dangerous spirit, and to
whom we are indebted for all the confusion, dis-
order, and rebellion with which we have been
threatened.
I propose to show, further, that the opposition
to the admission of Kansas originated here, and is
not the result of any action whatever of the Le-
compton convention, but of a fixed and settled
determination upon the part of the anti-slavery
men of the North to repudiate the pledges of 1850,
and to defeat the very object accomplished by the
passage of the Nebraska act.
The Territory of Kansas has attracted more of
public attention, and excited more bitterness of
feeling among the statesmen of the country and
the people of the United States, than any other
subject since its first introduction into national
politics.
The question very naturally and properly arises,
why is this so? The answer lies in the hatred
which exists with the Republican party of the
country to slave labor, and the doctrine of self-
government as is provided for the people of Kan-
sas by her organic act. The area over which this
act extends, differs in no material respect from
other portions of the public domain, for which
similar legal provisions have been made. The
soil, climate,and productions differ but little from
those of the adjacent country, which skirts her
borders. Nature has made no great change in her
gifts toward this and other surrounding territory;
then why, wo repeat, this struggle—this conflict
over Kansas? Nothing, except that she permits
her citizens to employ slave labor, wherever they
may prefer it to white labor, and has embodied
that provision in her constitution.
This clamor is not new to this House, nor to
the country. For a quarter of a century we have
listened to it before this Territory was known to
the people; and had it not been seized upon by a
great and powerful party to carry the popular
elections, not a hostile gun would have been heard
on the plains of Kansas. The torch of the in-
cendiary and the bloody knife of the assassin
would have been unseen within her peaceful lim-
its, and the military tread of American soldiery
would have been known only to protect the hardy
settler in his quiet home from the depredations of
the savage Indian.
The worst passions belonging to humanity were
excited and put in action by these party influ-
ences, and manifested themselves in acts of arson,
robbery, murder, and treason. Why, let us in-
quire, should these results have occurred in Kan-
sas? All the territory of the United States had
been provided for except Nebraska and Kansas.
