842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
Governments had been given to the territory ac-
quired from Mexico, and in them the greatestand
most alarming question in American politics was
considered and settled. The enemies of our Con-
stitution, at home and abroad, looked upon the
question of slave labor as the rock upon which
this Union would split, and leave our country di-
vided and distracted, as they hoped it would be,
a fit and proper subject for the cupidity and ava-
rice of the commercial nations of the earth. And
whilst we had hoped that this danger had passed,
and that this question had been forever closed by
the Congress of the United States, in having
placed it beyond the reach of its own interven-
tion, and in the hands of each separate commu-
nity when it becomes sovereign; yet we are well
convinced that if it shall ever be settled, it must
be when we have yielded to every demand which
fanaticism makes, or cease to live in a common
Government where it prevails.
In the above simple, easy, practical and consti-
tutional manner was this perplexing question dis-
posed of, and, as it was hoped, forever; and if in
good faith it had been kept, peace and harmony
would now prevail between the North and South,
and this new sister would be welcomed into the
family of States upon the ascertainment that her
constitution was republican in form. But, sir,
when we attempted to apply this principle to the
organic act of Kansas, and to give the people the
right to form and regulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own way, it bccarnc necessary to
repeal a law which was in direct conflict with the
exercise of this prerogative. Northern and south-
ern patriotism was equal to the task, and in pur-
suance of a principle which was just, as well as
constitutional, American statesmen repealed the
law, and put Kansas where she had a right to be
—free to determine her questions of domestic pol-
icy, limited only by the Constitution.
When this act, securing these rights, was first
reported in the other end of the Capitol, the ene-
mies of slave labor and self-government mani-
fested their opposition in every possible form;
and from that hour to this, the peace of the coun-
try has been disturbed, and Kansas madeasccne
of bloody strife, almost amounting to civil war,
and all done alone to destroy the rights which
had been sccurcd to the citizens of one half your
States by a law of Congress regularly enacted.
That it may be seen that i charge no man
•wrongfully, I will read a part of " an appeal to
the people of the United States," put forth by the
leading opponents of slavery in the Senate and
House of Representatives at that time. They
say:
" At the present sess ion a new Nebraska bill ha* been
reported by the Senate Committee on Territories, which,
should it unhappily receive the sanction of Congress, will
open all the uuoigamzea teintory of the Union to the in-
gress. of sluveiy."
Will open the territory to the ingress of slavery!
And for this encroachment upon the rights of the
free States, they conclude their appeal with the
following words:
"We implore Christian* and Christian ministers to in-
terpose. Their Divmc religion requites them to behold in
every man a btothei, and to labor for the advancement and
regeneration of the human luce.
" Whatever apologies may be offered for the toleration
of slavery m the States, none can he urged for its extension
into temtories vviieie it does not now exist, and where that
extension involves the repeal of ancient law, and the vio-
lation of solemn compact. Let all protest, earnestly, em-
phatically, by correspondence, through the press, by memo-
iials, by i evolutions of public meetings and legislative bodies,
and m whatevui other mode may seem expedient, against
this enoimous crime.
" For ourselves. we shall resist it, by speech and vote,
and with ail the abilities winch Cod has given us. Even it
overcome m the impending struggle, we shall not submit.
We shall uo home to our constituents; erect anew the
standard of freedom, and call on the people to come to the
rescue of the country tiom the domination of siavety. We
will not despair, for the cause of human freedom is the
cause of God."
In this appeal we find that the opponents of i
slavery, and the enemies of self-government, were
determined to resist the passage of this measure
by vote and speech, and all the abilities which
God had given them; fearing lest these should
prove ineffectual, they invoke the aid of the men
of God, and call upon Christian ministers to in-
terpose, and especially seek their interposition,
upon the ground that in each slave they saw a
brother; and this, sir,to some extent, is true, for
whilst the one is a slave to his master, the other
is a slave to his own fanaticism and folly. This
appeal had its desired effect, and thousands of
deluded clergymen—men upon whom holy hands
had been laid—stepped from their high ana divine
mission, and united with these Abolitionists in
endeavoring to prevent an American Congress
from allowing the men in Kansas the same rights
and privileges which they themselves enjoyed.
To this appeal, and these efforts, they did add a
pledge of resistance to the law, should it be. passed,
and called upon the people, in that event, to rescue
Kansas from the domination of slavery.
These anti-Kansas men were in sober earnest in
all they said upon this subject; and they have,
with a devotion worthy of a better cause, contested
every inch of ground over which this question had
the slightest bearing. The developments of the
Kansas investigation of the last Congress, brought
to light the fact that, upon the passage of the billy the
enemies of slavery and of self-government formed
a society to defeat the very objects secured by the
enactment.
The Hon. Mr. Mace, a member of that and the
next succeeding Congress, swears that—
" Immediately after the passage of the Kansas act, T, to-
gether with a number of others, who were members of Con-
gress and {Senators, believing that the tendency ot that act
would be to make Kansas a slave State, m order to prevent
it foimed an association here in Washington, called, if I
recollect aught, the ' Kansas Aid Society.5 1 do not remem-
ber all who became members of that society, but quite a
number of membeis who were opposed toslaveiv in Kan>a«,
of the lower House, and also of tin; Senate, became mem-
bers of it, and subscribed various suun of money. I think
1 subscribed fifty or a hundred dollais—-I am not prepaied
to sav which.
u My recollection is, that generally those members of the
House and Senate who were opposed to the Kan^as-Ne-
biaska act became members of this society, and contributed
to it.
[ think no other object was mentioned or specified, ex-
cept the prevention of slavery in Kansas. I think that was
the sole object of the movement. My impression is, that a
majority oi those who voted against the bill weie members
of that organization. I do not lemembei the total amount
of money uused."
Under this testimony we find that the members
generally who voiedagainst the act, joined this so-
ciety, and confri&ttfed money to prevent slavery in
Kansas, and to defeat the very objectwhich Con-
gress had in view in its passage, that of removing
the restriction against slavery, and allowing the
people who were to be affected by it to establish
or prohibit the same as they thought best. This
fund thus raised was used in tlie transportation of
men and guns from the eastern States to the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, that they might by powder and
ball prevent the people there from the enjoyment
of a right which Congress by law had confeired
upon them. Congress had said, "form and regulate
your domestic institutions in your own way, so
that you do not violate the Constitution;" but these
men, who had determined to resist the law by
spcech and vote and all the powers which God
had given them, armed their people and sent them
out to accomplish on the battle-field what they
had lost in the council chamber. Uoxes of rifles,
marked " Revised Statutes,5' had beevushipped to
Kansas to arm the free-State men who were to
prevent, by their bloody use, the people from
establishing slavery should they desire it.
Thus from the Capitol to the soil of this new
Territory was transferred the same spirit of re-
sistance to law and order which originated within
its walls. The fiat of a great and powerful party
m this country had gone forth that u no more
slave States should be added to the Union," and
it must be obeyed. True, the Constitution said
no such thing; true, that the law of Congress had
declared that this, as well as other Territories,
might be admitted as States, either with or with-
out slavery; yet these are not regaided; for the
day has yet to come when Abolitionists are found
observing the Constitution or obeying the laws
of the land. Instead of allowing Kansas peace-
ably to populate itself, they organize here, in the
heait of the nation, a society for the purpose of
preventing the ordinary process of settlement, and
to throw into Kansas a class of men who were
to take possession of the " Revised Statutes,"
and shoot down or drive out of the Territory the
slaveholdert when his Government no longer inter-
posed by legal enactment to restrain him from its
use and occupation with whatsoever was piop-
erty. They had received, under the official sig-
natures of their great captains, a written statement
that if Congress consented to allow slaveholders
to settle in the Territory, they never would sub-
mit to such an enormous crime.. In pursuance of
this feeling of insubordination, we find introduced
into, perhaps, the first convention they ever held
in Kansas, the following significant resolution:
t: Resolved, That every reliable free-State man in the Ter-
ritory be furnished with a rifle, a brace-of pistols, and a sa-
ber, gratis; and that he bo lequired to take an oath to come
when called upon, and muster into service under his supe-
rior officer, and to sacrifice his life, if necessary, to icscue
the person and propeitv of any person who would be hi ought
under the jurisdiction of the present laws of the Territory."
These men had been advertised that if south-
ern men should be permitted by law to occupy
this Territory, then they would be called upon to
" rescue the country from the domination of slavery."
In obedience to this command, we see that the
free-State men are to be armed with a rifle, pis-
tols, and a saber, gratis, purchased, perhaps, with
the funds referred to by the Hon. Mr. Mace in
his testimony. To what immediate use were they
to be applied? In resisting the laws enacted by
the Legislature of Kansas. Why? Because they
protect the slaveholder in his rights of property.
Admit that they were unconstitutional: then why
not appeal to the courts to declare them so? Be-
cause theirs was not a mission of law and peace,
but of blood and treason; else, why ship the rifle
and the revolver, instead of the Bible and the
prayer-book ?
These men neither regarded the law of Con-
gress nor the law of the Territory; they were op-
posed to all law, and to its enforcement; hence,
in pursuance of the above resolution, they swear
their men to resist the laws, and to sacrifice their
lives, if need be, to rescue the person or property
of any who might be brought under their juris-
diction. Here is the oath:
" I, of my own free will and accord, in the presence of
Almighty God and these witnesses, do solemnly swear that
I "Will always hail, forever conceal, and never reveal, any
of the secrets of this organization, to any person in the
known world, except it be to a member of the order, or
within the body of a just and legal council. I furthermore
promise and swear that I will not write, print, stain, or in-
dite them on anything movable or immovable, wheieby
the least figure or character fnay become intelligible to my-
self or anv other person. I furthermore piomise and swear
that I will, at all limes, and under all citcumstances, bold
myself in readiness to obey, even to death, the orders of
my superior ofiiccrs. I furthermore piomise and swear that
I will, at all times, and under all circumstances, use my in-
fluence to make Kansas a free white State. I furthermore
promise and swear that, all things else being equal, [ will
employ a free-Stat^ man m preference to a Missouu inan,
or a pro slavery man, I furthermore pionnse and swear
that all business that I may transact, so far as m my power,
shall be transacted with free-State men. I furthermore
piomise and swear that f will, at all times, and under all
circumstances, hold myself in readiness to take up arms m
defense of free-State principles, even though it should sub-
vert the Government. I furthermore promise and swear
that f will, at all tunes, and under all cncumstances, wear
upon my person the regalia of my office and the insignia of
the order. I furtbeimore swear that I will, at all times,
and under all circumstances, wear on my person a weapon
of death. I furtheimore promise and swear that I will, at
all times,and under all circumstances, keep in my house at
least one gun, with a full supply of ammunition. 1 fuither-
more promise and swear that I will, at all times, and under
all circumstances, when I see the sign of distiesa given,
rush to the assistances!' the per«on giving it, even where
there is a greater piobahihty of losing my own life than of
saving his. I furtneimore promise and swear that I will, to
the utmost of my power, oppose the laws of the so-called
Kansas Legislature. I furthermore promise and swear that,
when I hear the words of danger given, I will repair to the
place where the danger is. I furthermore piomise and
swear that, if any part of my obligation is at this time omit-
ted, I will consider the same as binding when legally in-
foimed of it. I furthermore piomise and swear that, at the
first convenient oppoitumty, f will commit tills obligation
to memory. To all of this T solemnly swear, without equiv-
ocation or self-evasion, binding mvsolf under the penalty of
being declared a perjuier before Heaven aud a uauor to my
country,"
This oath expresses, more fully than anything
which I could say, the object of this bloody ana
treasonable organization. They were to keep
their secrets from every person in the known
world, except members; they were to obey,even
unto death, the orders of their superior officers;
to be in readiness to take up arms in defense of
free-State principles, although it should subvert the
Government; to wear at all times upon their per-
sons a weapon of death; and to oppose to the ut-
termost the laivs of the Kansas Legislature. Never
were orders more strictly obeyed than were those
issued from the headquarters of this revolution-
ary party in this city. It is proclaimed from this
Capitol, by Senators and Representatives, that
although Congress may open territory to the in-
gress of slavery, yet we will never submit to such
an enormous crime. Instantly the Free-Soilers
of the eastern States caught up the cry, and they^
too, declare that we never will submit. And all
