1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
diversity of opinion exists in Philadelphia as to
the propci- location of the post office. It has been
a subject of controversy. The members of the
other House from Philadelphia, after considering
the subject during all of the preceding pail of the
session, agreed to this adjustment: to refer the
whole subject to the respective Departmentsintcr-
ested, the Treasury Department, the Post Office
Department, and the law department, in order to
make proper arrangements for these buildings.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is not the old United
States Hank building, under the operation of this
resolution, subject to be sold ?
Mr. I'lGLER. The principal point of contro-
versy is whether the custom-house shall remain
where it is, or whether it be not better for the con-
venience of the public to remove the custom-house
to the building of the Bank of Pennsylvania, winch
was purchased fur a post office, and place the post
otlice,on Chestnut street, the location of the pres-
ent custom-house. That is the principal point of
controversy. I am free to say that I have not
been able to discover the necessity of any sale of
property. I cannot understand how such a ne-
cessity can arise, unless it may turn out that the
amount of ground for the custom-house, as now
owned, will be larger than would be necessary for
the post office.
Mi. COLLAMER. I would ask the gentle-
man whether, under this resolution, they would
not be authorized to sell the present custom-house,
if they thought it advisable? Does he think it
gives that authority?
Mr. BIGLER. i think not.
Mr. COLLAMER. If they choose to make
this arrangement in such a manner as they think
supersedes the necessity of using as a custom-
house the old United States marble bank, they
may sell it. Does not this authorize that?
Mr. BIGLER. No, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have the joint
resolution read again.
Mr. BROWN, h is very evident that we can-
not this morning get through with this joint res-
olution. It is a much larger question than we
anticipated whon we took it up. I move to post-
pone its Anther consideration until to-morrow.
We cannot pass a bill here, which evidently in-
volves the doubtful disposition of a million dollars1
worth of property, in this sort of way.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
ALEXANDER J. ATOCHA.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the Court of
Claims be requested to return to the Senate the
papersin the case of Alexander ,T. Atocha, which
were referred to the Court of Claims at a former
period of the session.
Mr. SLIDELL. That would require the con-
sideiation of the Senate. 1 object to it now.
Mr. HUNTER. And so do I.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will lie over.
RELATIONS WITH PARAGUAY.
Mr. MASON, (during the morning hour.) I
ask the Senate to take up for consideration what
was the unfinished business a few days ago—the
resolution reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations m reteience to our affairs with the Gov-
ernment of Paraguay.
The motion was temporarily withdrawn to al-
low reports to be made.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Atkansas. If there is noth-
ing pressing befoie the Senate, I would ask that
a bill of considerable public importance be taken
up—being the bill amending the act of 1852 in
regard to the system of public printing. If ob-
jection is made, I will not urge it now; but I be-
lieve it will save to the public Treasury about a
million dollars a year. Its object is to system-
atize and reduce to some kind of order our printing
laws. I shall be glad if the Senate will take ui.
the bill and consider it. I do not believe it will
give rise to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia has made a motion to take up a joint
resolution, which has precedence. He yielded
to the Senator from Arkansas, because lis wanted
to make a report. Does the Senator fiom Vii-
ginia waive his motion.'
Mr M ASON. I am sorry that I cannot yield
to the Senator. The joing resolution to winch I
refer is a measure of great public interest, and has
been under discussion; and I must ask for its con-
sideration.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will of course
not press my bill under these circumstances; but
I will say that I do not think the Senator from
Virginia has the lijht to the floor until the time
comes for the order of business which he moves
to be taken vip. He cannot hold it whilst reports
and petitions are still ready to be presented during
the morning hour. That is my impression, but
I will not make any point on him.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. The Chair has no
hesitation in saying that the Senator is right,
! strictly.
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Iwillnotper-
1 sist; I yield to the Senator.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
I Virginia had several times proposed to take it up.
I Mr. HARLAN. I hope the Senator from Vir-
! ginia will allow the bill (S. No. 300) to be taken
' up and disposed of.
! Mr. MASON. I am sorry I cannot, for there are
| but fifteen minutes remaining before one o'clock,
i I should be happy to oblige the Senator, but I
I cannot do it.
i Mr. HARLAN. The reason why I desire that
; bill taken up is, that the lands to which it relates
! are to go to'sale on the 17th of this month, and
it is important that the bill should be passed at
; once.
Mr. MASON. I regret that I cannot yield to
j the Senator.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
: the motion of the Senator fiom Virginia to take
up the joint resolution to which he has referred.
Mr. CLAY. It seems to me hardly worth
while to take that up now. It is within a quarter
of an hour of the tune when the special order
comes up.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will give rae
that quarter of an hour.
Mr. CLAY. Very well; I will do so.
The motion of Mr. Mason was agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No. 128) for the adjustment of differences with
the Republic of Paraguay, the pending question
being on the amendment offered by Mr. Colla-
mer, to strike out the words, "and use such
force."
\ Mr. MASON. I will only say that if the amend-
i ment be adopted it destroys the resolution.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not regard that
amendment as destroying the effect of the resolu-
tion: but if so, it should be destroyed.
Mr. MALLOR.Y. The Senator from Virginia
tells us that to adopt the amendment would de-
stroy the lcsolution. Well, sir, if you adopt the
amendment, the President will take such meas-
ures, under liis own responsibility,as in hisjudg-
' ment will attain this end; but he will not be au-
thorized by this resolution, in taking such meas-
ures, to use the foice ofj the countiy to enforce
' them. I cannot see, thorei'iue, the justice with
which he says it would destroy the resolution.
In tl.o face of the fact that we have never ap-
prized Paraguay that we have a quarrel with her
at all, that we have never asked her to redress
any wrong, and never notified her that we have
taken offense, I must repeat that it is depaiting
from the well-estabhsheil policy of this Govern-
ment to convey that information to her through
the medium of force, in the first instance, partic-
ularly when the very document which is presented
1 here, accompanying this resolution, contains a
' message from the President of Paraguay himseli,
! notifying the American Government that he is
1 ready immediately to make a treaty with them
; covering all subjects of difference, notifying the
j agent who went there that lie would make it with
1 him, expressing the desire that this Government
[ would send a minister plenipotentiary there l'«/
the purpose of making a treaty. Sir, this Gov-
ernment has uniformly dealt with great liberality
towards all weaker Powers. It has put up with
| a great many differences, and has abstained from
I demanding redress by force until peaceful meas-
; ures had been tried." But if you resort to this
method first with the little province of Paraguay,
i a little independent Republic, it is a departure
' from the well-established practice of this Govcrn-
j merit, and you will defeat the desired end. The
I end of this body is not merely to obtain redress
i for the single injury of firing into the Water
Witch, butthat is all this iX'Solutkm contemplates.
Our object is to participate in the opening trade
of Paraguay, with which country Brazil, and
Prance, and England have now commercial trea-
ties. We desire to participate in the benefits of
that commerce. If you go to . Paraguay with &
naval force to demand redress befoie you have
apprized her of her wrong, you may got the re-
dress, but that Government will show no dispo-
sition to make a commercial treaty with you on
the footing of other nations. It is for this reason,
and not to oppose the policy which ts indicated
here, that I desire that tins amendment may pass,
and that we may not in this way authorize the
President to use,force in the first instance, until
peaceful measures have been tried.
Mr. MASON. I .had hoped the honorable Sen-
ator from Florida would not have gone over the
same topics wo debated when the question waa
before the Senate heretofore. 1 hope it w-ill be
remembered that the President of the United
States, on his responsibility as the Executive in
conducting our intercourse with foreign Powers,
has recommended, in this instance, because of
this unatoned for and wanton aggression on the life
of an American citizen by a very remote Power,
very difficult to get at, and a very feeble one, that,
while he is asking redress, Congress shall author-
ize him to enforce it by the use of force, if it
should become necessary. Prom the known char-
acter of the Government of Paraguay, and from
the known character of the man at its head, the
j so-called President of the Republic, it is apparent
• that it would be idle to send a functionary there
' to demand redress, unless he could be empowered
to let them understand that if atonement were not
j made, they would be compelled to yield. I said,
i theiefore, I think with propriety, that,, if the
j amendment be adopted, it will destroy the reso-
! lution. In speaking of the Executive, I by no
means intend to speak more of the present Exec-
| utive than of any other; but the Constitution has
! lodged with the'Executive the conduct of our in-
i tercourse with foreign nations. It is for Congress
• to establish the relations, but he conducts the in-
I tercourse; and the reason assigned m his message
j for asking this authority, arising out of a wanton
I and murderous attack upon a ship, not in the
waters of that Republic, yet unatoned for, seems
to me to require, at tho hands of Congress, that
this power should be given. I hope the question
will be taken. I do not want to consume time.
I ask for the yeas and nays on tho amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. There has been a suggestion
of a recent treaty between France and Brazil with
! tins Power, and 1 wish merely to mention that
they went there with just such a force as the Pres-
ldentof the United States now asks to make this
negotiation. The recent treaty with them was
1 made under precisely tin' same circumstances that
it is now asked we shah negotiate. I hope the
President will be authorized to u^e force.
' The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas ;-l, nays 19; as follows:
YE IS—Jles-iii. B.iyard, Broderick, Chandler, Coflamer,
' Crittenden, Doohttle, Durkee, Fessemfen, Foot. Ko-stcr,
r Ildmim, Harlan, Johnson of Arkfin-as, johnson of Termer-
: jniie*, King, Mailorv, Seward, Stuait, Tiumhuil, aiu]
j Wade—31.
NAY'S—Mo=sr<. Allen, Benjamin. Bailer, it: ;'.vn. Clav,
! Dixon, Douglas. Evans, Fit/.|i;uriek, Green, Uun-
1 ter, Ivoidon, Mason, 1'olk, St'lUbtian, Snmnoio, Slide!!, alul
J Toombs—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I move that the resolution lie
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
j BILLS BECOME LAWS.
! A message was received from tho President of
the United States by Mr. Henry, his Secretary,
, announcing that tho President had approved and
! signed the following enrolled bills and joint reso-
; lotion:
I An act to incorporate Gonzaga College, in the
! city of Washington, and District of Columbia,
j An act for the admission of the State of Kan-
, sas into the Union.
An act to alter the times for holding the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the
distiiet of Vermont. , .
. An act to incorporate the Benevolent Christian
t Association, of Washington city.
An act to provide for the issunig, service, and
