1858.
tMe congressional globe.
imously, almost unanimously, against granting
the prayer of the petitioner, because it did not
come within either the spirit or the letter of any
general law, and because it was ini'iating a new
system of pensions, unwarranted by any prece-
dents. If there were any, they were certainly
very few.
But this is an extraordinary amendment in one
respect. It proposes to give to this lady more
than the half pay of her husband, at the time of
his death. Up to 1835 or 1840 no pensioner of
the Government received exceeding thirty dollars
per month. There was a general law whie.h fixed
thirty dollars per month as the maximum of any
pension under the Government. Here was a col-
onel, whose pay proper did not exceed fifty dol-
lars per month, I believe, and you propose to give
his widow, asa pensioner, the full amount of pay
proper which her husband would have received,
and propose to give to her the same amount of
pension which you give to the widow of a major
general. Surely the Senate is not prepared to do
this. If you are going to establish this arbitrary
system of favoritism, wholly regardless of the
principles which have governed in all other cases,
and which prevail in the general laws, I do not
see where it is to stop. This will be quoted here-
after, and will return to plague us whenever a pen-
sion bill is before us. I trust that an amendment,
which I shall propose, will be'adopted, and it will
be this: to strike out the words " the rate of fifty
dollars per month," and insert "half the pay
proper to which her husband was entitled at the
time of his death."
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. PUOH. I hope that this amendment for
Mrs. Turnbull will not be put on this hill. It is
not germane to the bill at all. I hope the Senate
will vote it down.
Mr. JONES. It only gives her half pay.
Mr. PUGH. But I do not want it put on the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Alabama
to the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It seems to
me that this is pressing a good thing too far, and
I very much hope whoever has offered this amend-
ment for Mrs. Games to the bill will withdraw it.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. This is an
amendment for Mrs. Turnbull.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There was at-
tached to the bill an amendment for Mrs. Gaines.
I hope very much whoever ollered that amend-
ment will withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
amendment was offered by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Chit-iendex.] now absent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well.
When brought m m this way 1 am absolvtd from
any feeling in regard to it, and 1, for one, shall
vote against it.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the amendment pend-
ing ? Let it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itisan amendment
to the amendment, which the Secretary will read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the amend-
ment, which is to strike out the words, " the rate
of fifty dollars per mouth," and insert, " the half
pay propel to which her husband was entided at
the time of his death, so that the amendment will
read:
Ani be it further en add, That the name of .lane Tum-
lmll, widow of Lieutenant Colonel William Turnbull, be
placed on the pensionioll -w a pei^ionei tbi hflvithalt the
p.ty pioper to which her husband was entitled at the time
ol his death.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
that amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. This is a case of great merit,
and I hope there will be no opposition to it. This
officer served many years with distinction, and
also with usefulness. I know not how far his
death may be traced to exposure incurred in the
service during the war with Mexico, where he
certainly rendered very valuable service; but I am
sure it may bo traced, even at a later day, to the
exposure which he annually incurred in the ser-
■viee upon the northern lakes. Whether the seeds
of disease were laid in the campaign in Mexico
or not, one thing is certain, that every tail he was
compelled, under surgeon's certificate, to return
from his post of duty on the northern lakes, and
remained during the winter; and this having con-
tinued for yeais ill succession, he finally came to
his death suddenly, as I am informed, by an at-
tack of rheumatism in the heart.
For myself, it is unnecessary that the case
should be established that an officer died of dis-
ease contracted in the line of his duty. I believe
it will be proper to extend this relief to the fam-
ily of every officer who dies on duty. I believe
it is good economy. If otherwise, the obligation
certainly rests on us; and every honorable mind
must feel it that we should give sufficient pay to-
enable every officer of the Government to provide
for his family while he devotes his whole time to
the service of his country. If you do not choose
to do that; if it would be too heavy a tax upon the
Treasury for any one to propose, the only just
mode left is to pension the family that he thay
leave destitute by having devoted his whole time
to his country.
But, sir, this case has the peculiar claim of be-
ing a pension for the widow of an officer who
died of disease certainly contracted in the per-
formance of his duty; and, resting upon that
basis, if it does not come within the letter, it sure-
ly comes within the equity, of the law; and if the
Armystood upon the same footing with theNavy,
no question could be made upon it; it would have
been allowed by the Department without coming
here. 1 am sorry that objection is made to pla-
cing this case as an amendment to the bill under
consideration, when it is known that we cannot
multiply bills and t^ke particular action on each.
If that be the only objection, I hope it will be
waived, and the bill allowed to pass.
Mr. TOOMBS. What case is this?
Mr. JONES. Mrs. Turnbull's. I merely wish
to make a correction of the statement made by my
friend from Alabama, that this bill did not have
the sanction of the majority of the Committee on
Pensions. It at one time, whilst that honorable
gentleman was present, did not have the sanction
of the committee, but at a subsequent meeting it
did receive the sanction of a niajouty of the com-
mittee. Tlieie were but four members of the
committee present, and three of them voted for
this amendment. After the first meeting, at which
the lull was rejectedbythe committee, Lieutenant
General Scott appeared before some of the mem-
bers of the committee, myself and others, as I
well recollect, and stated he had every reason for
the belief that Colonel Turnbull came to his death
in consequence of disease contracted at Vera Cruz,
in Mexico, from which he never recovered. He
felt entirely confident that that was the cause of
his death. The surgeons who have testified m the
ease, also testify that he died of disease contracted
in the line of duty.
Mr. CLAY. I have but a word to say in reply
to my friend from Iowa. I know, during this
session, that the committee, when 1 was present,
decided asainst the prayer of the petitioner.
Mr. JONES. So I said.
Mr. CLAY. And my recollection is, that the
Senator from Connecticut was instructed to report
against the bill, and, I think, did report against
the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. I did so.
Mr. CLAY. 1 do not know, then, by what rule
of the Senate, or by what authority the commit-
tee, in my absence, reconsidered the matter and
determined to grant the pension.
Mr. HOUSTON. I really do not intend to
make any remarks upon these subjects. Itissaid,
however, that these cases do not come within the
purview of any general law, and that we have no
precedent for them. It is for that very reason, I
understand, that we are called upon to legislate.
If we had laws and precedents to cover these
cases, it would not be necessary to legislate now.
We are called unun to supply the deficiencies of
law, and to make law; not to follow precedents
particularly. If iheie is anything that I have ever
heard of in my life, for which I have always enter-
tained a most ineffable contempt, it is precedent.
If a man has done wrong, or the Government has
established any wrong principle, that is to be a
precedent—an excuse for following it afterwards.
The very last thing that a sensible man would
ever think of is precedent. It will do forjudges
to give unjust decisions upon, because a precedent
can be found for anything in the world in the law
books. I am not very thoroughly read in the law.
I once read law and practiced, and I found that
you could find aprecedent for any absurdity; and
I will not rely upon precedent now.
But, sir I can refer to a precedent. I refer to It
from its respectability and the reason of it, but
not because it is a precedent. It occurred as long
as eight or nine years ago. I will remark that it
was the case of the widow of Major Waddy
Cobb. He had contracted a disease whilst an offi-
cer in station on the northern lakes. His health'
became very much impaired; he continued to
linger, under the influence of the disease, for a
number of years, unfit for service. The original
cause of the disease was traced to exposure^ and
his wife was pensioned. She received a half-pay
pension. There js a precedent for this case—a
very sensible one. I advocated it very humbly
and feebly, I acknowledge, but it passed by an
almost unanimous vote of this body. I recollect
there was one negative vote.
I am very sorry to say it is a matter of just
complaint that these cases are not promptly con-
sidered here, and I cannot permit this occasion to
pass by wfthout saying a single word with regard
to one particular case. A petition was presented
by me at the.early part of the session, or rather
by the Senator from New York, and I was privy
to it, from the widow of Colonel Larnard, of the
Army, who was drowned at Puget Sound. He
had passed over the sound with a command of
men in a boat. On returning, a squall struck the
boat and all were drowned. His widowpetitioned
for a pension-. He was as much in the discharge
of official and public duty, and in obedience to the
commands of the Government, as if he had been
shot down in the van of battle, and his widow is
as well entitled to a pension, and yet no report
has been made upon it, or if there has been a re-
port it has been adverse to the claim. It is the
equity and justice of it that we should look to.
If a man yields to the slow advancement of dis-
ease, and falls a victim in the service of his coun-
try, his country is under the same obligations to
him as it would have been if his blood had been
spilled in the face of the enemy.
I am for none of your technical legislation. You
may make it; you may disgrace the Legislature
with it, if you will; but it never shall control my
principles of legislation. When an act of justice
connected with the national honor demands my
advocacy, it shall always have it in the face of
precedent. If the whole world had condemned a
just and righteous act, and 1 had that imposing
precedent before me, I would spurn it, and treat
it with that contempt which isafways due to such
examples, which will only be followed by the ser-
vile mind that dare not think for itself.
Mr. IVERSON. I stated m some remarks that
I had the honor to submit a few days ago, that I
was opposed to the extension of pensions beyond
the rules which have been prescribed by Congress.
I do not rise to make any extended remaiks upon
I hat subject, but I have an amendment to offer
if tills amendment prevails. I want to offer an
amendment making provision for the widow of
another very distinguished officer of our Army.
I allude to the late General Alexander Macomb.
Certainly, if any widow is entitled to a pension
on account of the distinguished services of her
husband, Mrs. Macomb is entitled to a pension;
for no man belonging to our Army during the late
war with Great Britain performed greater service
than General Macomb—so much so, that he was
selected by President Adams to be commander-
in-chief of the Army of the United States after the
decease of General Brown.
I only give notice that I shall offer the amend-
ment. I, however, think the friends of Mrs.
Jones and Mrs. Gaines had better be careful how
they put on any additional amendments, because,
if one be adopted, a number of others will be of-
fered. Mine, certainly, is entitled to as much
consideration as any presented; but, if we com-
mence this system, we shall have to go to the
fullest extent, and quarter the widow of every
officer who dies in the service upon the bounty of
the Government; and we shall then have to extend
it to the soldiers, because they are as much enti-
tled as the officers themselves. I give notice that,
if the amendment for Mrs. Turnbull prevails, 1
shall offer an amendment in relation to the widow
of General Macomb.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to add a few remarks to
what has been stated in regard to the amendment
to the amendment granting a pension to the widow
of Colonel Turnbull. I was associated with that
gentleman for a number of years, and I never
