1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
along the liges of the great Republican party,
stretching from Boston to the plains of Kansas,
is reechoed the same determined spirit of insub-
ordination and resistance to law, that was first
heard from those who ought to have been the last
men in the Government to stir up insurrection,
and to excite the people to acts of incipient treason.
These men have faithfully kept their pledge, and
the 'iKansas regulators" their oath; for soon we
see another convention at Topeka forming a con-
stitution without law, without authority, and in
direct opposition to the regular territorial gov-
ernment authorized by Congress.
Under this constitution they attempted to sub-
vert the local government, for the next movement
of these aimed and sworn " regulators" was to
place themselves in the attitude of resistance to the
laws, and by force of arms to prevent their exe-
cution by the officers. The dispatch of Governor
Shannon to the President explains the condition
of the country immediately after the formation of
this constitution, and proves the assertion which
we have made. He says:
"Affairs in this Territory are daily assuming a shape of
real danger to tne peace and good order of society. 1 am
well satisfied that there exists in tins Territory a secret mil-
itary organization, which lias lor its objcct, among other
things, resistance to the laws by foice. Until within a few
d'iys p.ibt, 1 have looked upon the threats of leading men and
public pipers, who have placcd themselves m an attitude
of lcsistaneo to the laws, asnotintended by those who made
them to be earned into execution. I am now satisfied of
the existence of this secret military organization, and that
tho^e engaged in it have been secretly supplied with arms
and munitions of war; and that it is the object and puipose
of this organization to lesistthe laws by foice. The strength
of this organization is variously estimated at fjoiu one to
two thousand, but I have no satisfaejnty data from which
to estimate its real strength ; and I do believe they can com-
mand,lor any given puipose, more than one thousand men.
They mc said to be well supplied with Sharped ufies and
revolvers, and are bound by an oath to assist and aid each
other m the resistance of the laws when called upon so
to do."
He further says:
" On Monday last a warrant was issued against one of
this band of men for threatening the life of onoof his neigh-
bors, and placed ill the hand-* of the sheufF of the county
for execution, who, with a posse of some ten men, arrested
him on Tuesday night; and us he couveving the pris-
oner to Leeompton, he was met about two o'clock in the
morning by a band of these men, consisting of between forty
and fifty, all armed with Shaipe's rifles and revolvers, who
foicibly ic>cucd the pnsonei out of I113 hands, and openly
proclaimed, that there were no officers or laws in this Terri-
tory."
Here, we see, sir, before the Topeka constitu-
tion was ninety days old, that these sworn " reg-
ulators" rescue prisoners, destroy property, burn
houses, and force helpless women and innocent
children, terrified by fear and threats, to flee their
homes and seek shelter in Missouri. It is to pre-
vent all this the Governor calls upon the President
to send the Army of the United States to aid m
the preservation of life and property. I will not
foil just here to pay to the late President of the
United States the high compliment which he so
richly deserves for his manly and patriotic reply
to Governor Shannon, by inserting the same, that
the country may honor him for his devotion to law
and order, and give him the high position to which
he is so justly entitled, but which the party bitter-
ness of the hour denied him. He says:
" Your dispatch is rcccivcd. All the power vested in the
Executive will he exerted to preseive order and enforce the
laws."
Notwithstanding this, tho sworn " regulators,"
continuing their rebellious opposition to the local
government, go forward, elect all their officers,
both State and Federal, declare certain persons
Governor, Senators to Congress, judges and sher-
iffs, with the avowed purpose of destroying that
government which Congress had authorized. This
ndw one was put in operation; but very soon suf-
ficient arrests were made to temper the spirit of
rebellion which had broken out among these "reg-
ulators," and forced the immediate parties to
acknowledge that theirs wasonly a mere "fancy"
government, and existed only on paper; under-
standing full well that no man could be punished
because he imagined himself a Governor, a judge,
or a sheriff.
No sooner, however, were these men discharged,
than they attempted to setup their State govern-
ment, and putat defiance the laws of Kansas, and
it became necessary for the President of the Uni-
ted States, by proclamation, "to command all per-
sons engaged in unlawful combinations against the
constituted authority of the Territory of Kansas, or
of the United States, to disperse and retire peacea-
bly to their respective abodes; and to warn all such
persons that any attempted insurrection in said
Territory, or aggressive intrusion into the same,
will be resisted not only by the local militia, but
also by that of any available forces of the* United
States."
This proposed use of" villainous saltpeter" had
a very happy, though temporary effect; for, al-
though no forcible attempt was made to set up the
Topeka government, yet every other method was
adopted to weaken and destroy that which was
lawfully established. Failing to accomplish their
purposes in Kansas,these " regulators "came be-
fore Congress and demanded admission for her in to
the Union as a State under their government; but
she was rejected by the votes of every member
of Congress except those who were determined
never to act in obedience to a law which opened
our common tenitorv to the ingiess of slavery,
and whose party hud planted itself upon the doc-
trine that no more slave States should be added to
this Union.
The Democratic party, upon that occasion,
stood by the law of 1854 organizing the territo-
rial government, and in which law was recognized
the right of a people in forming their constitution
to adopt or reject slavery, as they might choose;
and, without regard to that subject, such State
might be admitted into the Union. Upon the re-
jection of this revolutionary State government by
Congress, the imprisonment of certain " regula-
tor" in Kansas, and upon the great principle of
self-government contained in the act itself, these
" regulators." through their chiefs and head men,
appealed for justice,as theycalledit,tothc Amer-
ican people in the popular elections of 185G. They
stood with "bleeding Kansas" and the Topeka
constitution emblazoned upon their banners, and
called upon the people to hurl from power the op-
pressor, and to drive from these Iialls all who had
lefused to redress the wrongs of Kansas. But
even here they appealed in vain, for a majority of
the people decidcd to sland by the laic, and to sus-
tain those men only who lived in obedience thereto.
T?ius our present Chief Magistrate came into
the executive chair instructed to enforce the laws
as they had been made, and as they had been con-
strued by his predecessor.
The people of Kansas who were obeying the
laws of the Territory, seeing that a majority of
.the people of the States would not justify rebel-
lion even there, and desning to satisfy the wishes
of those who sought admission as a State for her
into the Union, through their Legislature pass a
law in January, 1857, authorizing the election of
delegates to a convention, which was, in pursu-
ance of the same, to form a State constitution. So
much had been said and written upon the subject
of Missouri voters, and of their having forced the
laws of the Territory upon an unwilling people,
that the Legislature provided against fraudulent
voting in the election for delegates, by requiring
a registry of the names of such persons in each
county, as were authonzed to vote, to be made
three months prior to the day set apart for the
election.
The " Kansas regulators" at that time as well
as at thi<?, claimed for themselves a majority in the
Territory. Yet under this fair and proper mode
of ascertaining who were legal voters, and who
were not, in some counties they refused to be re-
gistered, whilst in others, as for instance Frank-
lin, the sheriff who was authorized to discharge
this duty had been killed; and the probate clerk,
who in the absence of the sheriff had the same
power, utterly refused to obey the law.
This preliminary duty, however, was executed
as far as possible, and wherever the people would
submit to it; and at the regularly appointed time
the election was held and delegates chosen for the
purpose of forming a State constitution. The
elective franchise is a right or privilege which is
to be enjoyed or not by the citizen; if he chooses,
he exercises it; and if not, he delegates to others
the authority and power of acting for him. By
his own refusal, therefore, he is estopped from
complaint at results which his own act might
have prevented. Thus, in Kansas, those men
who refused to obey the law by withholding
their names from registry, and subsequently from
voting,are foreclosed from objection by their own
deed. This, of itself, is a sufficient argument
against them; but how much more so it becomes
when we remember that, in this matter as in ajl
others, they stood outside th& Government, a
obstinately refused to participate in the rights
secured to them, or perform the duties required
of them. They had the assurance of both terri-
torial and Federal Governments that they should
be protected in all their rights. Instead, however,
of accepting these proffered offers, and by way of
manifesting their purpose to disregard all law,
they undertake, by the authority of a municipal
election, to exercise certain chartered rights given
to the town of Lawrence, in known violation of
territorial law, and in direct conflict therewith.
So palpably rebellious was this new movement
that Governor Walker, who had made himself
obnoxious to the charge of intervention in their
behalf, thus writes to General Harney, com-
mander of the troops in Kansas:
" I have received authentic intelligence that a dangerous
rebellion has occuned m the city of Lawrence in this Ter-
ritoiy, involving an open defiance of the laws and the es-
tablishments'an insurgent government m that city.
% " This movement, if not speedily arrested, I am also as-
suied, will be extended throughout the Temtory and must
result in the renewal of civil war.
" It becomes my painful duty, under my instructions from
the President of the United States, to retjue&t you to furnish
a regiment of dragoons to proceed at once to the immediate
vicinage of Lawrence, to act as a posse comitates in aid of
the civil authorities, ni due execution of the laws and for
the preservation of the public peace."
General Harney obeys the order and marches
with his coitimand upon Lawrence; but before
any act of hostility by the troops upon this pop-
ulation, Governor Walker issues his proclama-
tion, in which he charges them with the following
crimes:
i: You are inaugurating rebellion and revolution; you are
disregaiding the Jaw* of Congress and ef the territoual gov-
t'i n tiH'iitj and defying then authoul); yon are conspiring to
uve i throw the Government of the United States in this Ter-
ritory. Your puipose, ifeauied into effect in the mode des-
ignated by you, by putting yout lawf* forcibly into execution,
would involve you in the guilt and crime of treason."
General Harney's troops and this proclamation
had a most "soothing effect" upon the " regu-
lators" of the city of Lawrence; for although
many were for bringing on the conflict, yet the
more prudent counsels prevailed, and a bloody
issue was avoided. Still no obedience was given
to the laws, and no participation was taken in the
affairs of government other than such as would
tend to break up and destroy it. The law-abiding
citizens, however, had chosen their delegates to the
constitutional convention, and were only await-
ing their action to ask admission into the Union.
This body met at the time and in the manner pro-
vided by law, framed a constitution, and prepared
Kansas for taking her place as one of the great
family of States. And now, sir, she stands before
Congress claiming admission. Yet, strange to
say, she is met with opposition, and that, too,
upon the ground that those same "regulators" had
not participated in the formation of her constitu-
tion; that their names had not been registered;
that they had not voted in the election for dele-
gates to the convention; nor had the constitution
been referred to them for ratification; and that they
do constitute a majority of tliQ legal voters of the
Territory. What unblushing effrontery! After
havingobstinately refused to recognize the laws of
! the Territory; after having refused to register their
! names; after having refused to vote for delegates;
, and after having refused to vote for or against the
; constitution; they stand here at the doors of your
| Capitol and demand that Kansas shall not be ad-
i nutted—and that, too, because of theic factious
■ and rebellious conduct. Others arc found oppos-
; ing her admission, not only on these accounts, but
! for the reason that Congress had no power tore-
; peal the law which made an unconstitutional dis-
1 crimination against thaslaveholder;andalthough
, the Supreme Court has decided that the law of
| 1854 was constitutional, yet this opposition still
) exists, and the decision is met by the charge that
the court making it, as well as the law-making
j power, both here and in Kansas, are all corrupt.
| Yes,'sii; the Senator who introduced the bill and
I the President who approved it, have both been
burnt in effigy more than once for their offenses;
the one for bringing forward, the other for sign-
ing, a constitutional law.
The great and paramount question now is, how-
ever, shall Kansas be admitted? In answer to
this question, I am pained to say that recent de-
velopments have shown that new and more dan-
gerous foes are added to the listof those who have
hitherto clamored against her admission. Who
