$44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
are they ? and whence do they come ? They are
the early friends of the Kansas act; men who
stood by it whilst it was theoretic, but who do not
now sustain it'in-its practical results. They are
of the few northern Democrats who withstood the
shock of the political elements after the passage
of the Nebraska act. But they are the last men
in the world who ought to have bowed their heads
after the violence of the storm had passed. It is
only another convincing proof that the great ties
which bind us together are one by one being
snapped asunder. '
But, sir, to the question—why is it that Kansas
is to be rejected? Because her constitution is not
republican in form ? No man has yet made such
an objection. Because there is not a sufficient pop-
ulation ? That is not urged. Then why is it?
First, because there is a pro-slavery clause con-
tained in the constitution; and second, bccausc it
is asserted that there is a sufficient number of
(i Kansas regulators" to vote it down. For the
sake of the argument let us admit that those who
advocate the Topeka constitution have a majority.
Who are they, and by what right do they come be-
fore us to ask admission under their constitution?
They are the men who never did, and do not now,
recognize our law providing them with a govern-
ment; they are the men who wen tout to take charge
of the " RevisedStatutes,"and who, in obedience
to the great "Appeal" issued from this Capitol,
settled m Kansas with a fixed determination never
tosubmit to your law, nor to any other that might
be made under it. They are those who entered
into solemn league and covenant, under oalh, to
resist the laws of Kansas, though that resistance
should subvert ypur Government; they are the
men who set at defiance all law, human and di-
vine, and committed the grossest acts of violence
and wrong upon helpless and unoffending people;
they are the men against whom Governor Shan-
non marched with the forces he could command to
quell their insurrectionaly movements; they arc
the men who came to Congress asking admission
into the Union under the Topeka constitution, and
whose very petition, I believe, the Senate decided
to be a forgery. These are the men against whom
General Harney was oidcrcd to march to subdue
their rebellion m the city of Lawrence, and the
same who refused to qualify themselves as voters
by registering their names; who refused to vote
for delegates, or upon the constitution; and who
now, for these reasons, ask you to reject Kansas
because theydid not choose toexeieise their fran-
chises according to law—and muie than all, these
are the men who now say to an American Con-
gress, that, if you dare to admit Kansas, civil war
will be the consequence: ire never have recognized
this government of yours in Kansas, and you must
not; we have never lived under it, for we have
uniformly resisted its laws. We have an inhe-
rent right to make a government without your
authority, and we have made it; under it we have
officers and we have citizens—under none other
have we lived; and under this (the Topeka gov-
ernment) we ask admission into the Union.
How different with those who represent the Lc-
compton constitution. In li>54 you passed an act
organizing this Territory; the grant which you
gave was accepted. Under it, a Legislature was
chosen, and laws enacted for the protection of per-
son and property; and a&the population increased,
they, under a recommendation of the. late Chief
Magistrate to Congress, suggesting that a State
government should be formed, submitted that
mattei; to the sense of the people: a majority of
the voters indorsed the recommendation, and the
Legislature otdered an election for delegates to a
constitutional convention. All this was regular
and lawful; what else was done ? In order that
only the actual residents should vole, they pio-
vide that no person should be permitted to vote
unless he had been a resident inhabitant for three
months prior to the election; and to make assur-
ance doubly sure, they required that the names
of all persons living m the Territory be regis-
tered, so that the armed bands of Missounans
should be excluded. Congress had extended to
them the power to legislate upon all rightful sub-
jects, and to determine who should, at all elec-
tions after the first, constitute the voters. In the
exercise of this grant of power, they prescribed
who should be voters and who should not. This
law was constitutional and valid—therefore bind-
ing. Those who qualified themselves under it
could exercise the elective franchise; those who effd
not, were, by their own act, properly excluded,
and must accept the fruits of their own obstinacy
without complaint. The convention therefore was
in pursuance of law, and, as a necessary conse-
quence, its action was binding and irrevocable,
except in the proper and legal mode. The con-
stitution upon yourtable, sir, is the result of their
labors; and, with it, Kansas asks you to admit
her.
Just at this point she is met with the objection
that her enure constitution was not submitted to
the people for ratification; her answer is, that
eighteen of your thirty-one States did not submit
theirs to the people, and that eight of the new
States now in the Union have been admitted with-
out this requirement, and that it is unjust to put
upon her a restriction never before required of
others. It is then urged that the voters were com-
pelled to vote for the constitution in voting for or
against slavery. How plausible soever this ob-
jection may be, we insist that it should have been
made before the convention of Kansas as a rea-
son for submitting the whole instrument; but it is
a question that comes not properly before us.
The delegates were authorized and instructed by
the law, calling the convention, to frame a State
constitution, but upon the subject of submitting
their work to the people, they were left untram-
meled and uninstructed, therefore free.
Being thus clothed with sovereign powers to
make a constitution, they were clothed with the
right tn submit the whole, or a part, or none of
their labors as they might determine; and these
are questions not for us to inquire into or decide.
That convention, unlimited as it was by legal en-
actment, possessed all the power that it would have
had if every man in Kansas had been a member,
and voted upon each article and section until the
whole was complete; this being true, when that
constitution was made it ex})jessed the voice and
will of the people as though they had been pres-
ent, and from that judgment of the sovereignty
of Kansas there lies no appeal. If this be not a
sufficient answer, she points you to your owtv%ct
of 1854, where you expressly secuied to her the
rijht to form and regulate her institutions in her
oicn ivay, and conferred upon her the power to
legislate upon all rightful subjects. She has, by
your permiiuon and under your authority, exercised
"these grants of power, and now presents to you
a republican form of government and asks you to
receive hei as a State. There can be and is but
one objection to her admission, and that is, her
constitution recognizes and protects slavery; but
even upon this point she is guarded, for she refers
you to the pledge made in advance, thatshe might
be admitted either with or without slavery as her
own people might determine.
But it is urged that although the charges made
be true, and that a majority of the people did not
vote at all former elections, yet the Lecompton
constitution was voted upon legally and decided
against by the people on the 4th of Januaiy last.
Tins demands consideration, but is easily over-
i come. The question made is, that the Legisla-
ture of the Territory, called by Secretary Stanton,
directed that a vote should be taken against the
constitution, and that this Legislature was legally
assembled, and possessed power to send to the
people the Lecompton constitution for adoption
or rejection. Ouransweris, that the Legislature
calling the convention and clothing it with power
might have limited it in its action, and required
the whole constitution to be submitted to the peo-
ple; but as it failed to do so, then the convention
was free to act as it thought proper, and no stt&-
sequcnt Legislature could trammel or direct its
action. To hold otherwise would be to hold that
the Legislature was superior in power and sover-
eignty to the convention, for if it could direct and
control this subject and thus defeat the constitu-
tion, it would be the higher power,and in posses-
sion of attributes unknown to legislative bodies.
Tins Legislature could pass any law within the
scope of its jurisdiction, but nothing more; the
power once enjoyed by the Legislature had
parsed away from it, and the subject was above
and beyond its reach; the door was closed; the
act was nugatory; and the election was as much
without effect as though it had been upon the
Kansas act, instead of the constitution. It only
remains to be seen whether Congress will redeem
its pledge, or whether it will offer a reward to the
rebellious spirit which has existed in Kansas from
the passage of the organic act to this time.
The great question underlying all this contro-
versy is slavery; the Republicans of the North
have determined that no more slave States shall
be added to the Union. The American Democracy
has pledged itself to sustain each sovereign com-
munity m the right to determine for itself whether
it will have slavery or not, and that in the admis-
sion of new States this right will be recognized
in its fullest sense. Whenever this doctrine shall
be repudiated by the northern Democracy then a
majority in the Government ceases to recognize .
our equality, and the American Union must neces-
sarily become our bitterest foe, and all will see'that
though there may be a Union on paper, there will
be none in sentiment nor in affection. Already is
the southern mind awakened to the inquiry," of
what great service to the South is the Union?"
She sees that within her borders her productions
are of the annual value of near two hundred mil-
lion dollars; that a very heavy per cent, of this
sum passes into the hands of northern men, who
merely act as our agents in the shipment and
sales which are made for us abroad; they see that
the importations into the United States are prin-
cipally paid for by the products of the South, and
that these too pass again through northern hands,
and another heavy per cent, charged thereon, all
of which must be taxed upon the people of her
section. The well-informed men of the North
understand full well the bearing of this subject
upon their interest. We call attention to the re-
mark, m this connection, of the leading journal
in the North in reference to this matter. The
Herald says, in one of its issues:
" We believe that the Union, southern niggers, and south-
ern cotionhave paid, and continue to pay, such handsome
dividends to the North, that we cannot do without them;
and wo think, too, in consideration of the. heavy profits
which the Noith thus 'realizes' fiom the South, thnt an
adherence to the practical compiomisea of the Constitution,
with an occasional eonccssion in behalf of southern tlaveiy,
can be no very violent stretch of northern reciprocities or
northern magnanimity."
We ask you for no concessions in our favor, we
only demand the ii practical compromises of the
Constitution," nothing more; and so far as my
voice, my vote, and my influence may go, 1 will
never be satisfied with anything less than these.
We therefore call upon northern Democrats to
stand by the flag;" it is borne aloft by the strong
arm and patriotic heait of one of your own gal-
lant chieftains; and under this same leader, and
with this same banner, you have met and driven
back the cohorts of northern Republicans in their
strong and steady march towards the nation's
Capitol; will you now, when this last conflict is "
upon us, let the columns waver, or will you fire
the last shot which secures a perpetual triumph
to law, to order, and the Constitution ?
Mr. GOODWIN. Mr. Chairman, I avail my-
self of this opportunity to express my views as to
the policy of the President m relation to the Ter-
ritory of Kansas and its admission into the Union
as a State under the Lecompton constitution, set
forth both in his annual and special messages.
While 1 am reluctant to ask for myself the atten-
tion of the committee, I find a sufficient apology
for so doing in the fact that this is the subject,
with the issues of vital importance connected with
it, which rivets the public attention, and fills and
stirs to the uttermost depths the hearts of the
people of the whole country. Believing, sir, that
candid and fearless discussion opens the way to
the chambers of truth, 1 shall speak with that sin-
cerity and freedom which become a representative
of constituents accustomed to read, think, and de-
cide for themselves, and to fearlessly utter and
maintain their sentiments—always the character-
istic of a free people. I desire, at the same time,
to treat with due respect the opinions and even
prejudices of all, and can only ask for my own
views the same measure of attention which I shall
always be happy to extend to others.
Sir, Congress is the great tribunal that is to pass
upon those issues of unutterable magnitude made
up and presented for its decision by the gieat
body of the people of aTenitory on the one side;
and by those on the other, who, as it must be
conceded—for it is impossible to disguise it—
have usurped the rights of that people, and are
endeavoring to force upon them a government
against their will, and institutions they abhor. ,
The parties, with their supporters—both the op-
