1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLG&E.
That the House do recede from its disagreement to the
tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to said amend-
ment with an amendment, as follows:
Strike out " 1st day of July, 1856," and insert the words
" passage of tins act."
That tiie Senate do agree to the amendment of the House
to itu fouiteenth amendment.
S. It. iVTALLOEY.
SOLOMON FOOT,
J. I\ BENJAMIN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
  THOMAS S. BOCOCK,
JOHN KELLY,
F. II. MORSE,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the concurrence of the
Senate in the report, and I will explain it in a very
few words. The first amendment receded from
by the Senate is in these words:
That, iiereafter, medtcai officers and engineers of the
Navy shall be entitled to the pay of their several gi ades
from the date of their appointments or commissions therein,
respectively.
Prom that amendment the Senate recedes.
Then the House has receded from its non-con-
current votes to two amendments which I will not
read, making an addition of $50,000 to the appro-
priation bill for filling up lands and marine bar-
racks in the Brooklyn navy-yard at New York.
The House receded from that, and the amendment
stands as it originally did. The next amendment
of the Senate is in these words:
For the completion of the coal depot at Key West, Flor-
ida, §20,000.
From that amendment the Senate has receded.
The next amendment was in these words:
Jind. be it further enacted, That from and after the 1st
of July, 1856, the clerks, messengers, and watchmen at the
navy-vard and marine barracks at Washington, shall be en-
titled to receive the compensation authorized by the acts
of April 22, and August 5, 1854, for the payment of
which such sum as may be. necessary be, and the same is
hereby, appiopnated out of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The House has receded from its non-concur-
rentvote in thatamendment, putting in an amend-
ment so as to make the provision prospective in-
stead of retrospective. It will then read:
Jintlheit further enacted, That from and after the pas-
sage of this act, the clerks, messengers, &e.
The committee recommends that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House, by which
fivesloops-of-war have been added,so as to make
it ten sloops-of-war instead of five. The Senate
placed five on; the House has made it ten.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. PUGH. We passed the five sloops-of-
war by the yeas and nays. I think we may as
well take the yeas and nays on the ten sloops. I
certainly cannot go for it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no idea of defeating
anything fixed up by this legislation; but, in fu-
ture, when these questions come up, I want to
enter my protest against them. Committees of
three cannot force such legislation, unless gentle-
men want to do it. I desire to record my tes-
timony perpetually against it. There was no
judgment of the two Houses when we voted on
these sloops. We declared we would not have
them. Our committee go into a conference, and
give up $20,000 at this place and $2,000 at that,
and take the House provision for ten sloops-of-
war, and I suppose were very sorry that it was
not for fifty. So far as I am concerned, I will
have no such thing put upon me. As a Senator,
I think my judgment ought to be given on tins
proposition. I am opposed to all this thing. 1
do not blame gentlemen connected with this busi-
ness. I do not know whether the country will
get an account of these things. Upon Lnese
general bills there will be some sixty or seventy
amendments. Then Senators will go to the Vice
President, or the Speaker of the House, to get the
fi lends of certain measures on tho_ committee. I
have been asked if I were for this or that, and
would go on a committee; but I have told them
nothing. I have determined to go on no more
committees of conference so long as I live. I do
not want to go for tins particular thing.
We get committees of conference who do the
legislation of the country, and sell you out regu-
larly. I want the country to understand it. That
is not legislation. The real business of a confer-
ence is to act where both Houses want the same
thing, but differ how to do it. There is the piace,
and then you take the bill in a free conference.
But when there is a bill with a hundred other pro-
visions, as different as a negro from a white man,
and the committee of conference give up this and
that, and get other things for which there is no
particular necessity, legislation is fixed up for
Senators,and thepowerof the majority destroyed.
I call upon all of those who have got any inde-
pendence, who believe that this is wrong legisla-
tion, to vote against this report, and vote against
the ten sloops. The House will not make any
great fuss about the sloops. I do not suppose
they are any more warlike than we are. The
truth is, they only wanted to get up war enough
to increase the Army and Navy. That is all the
war we shall ever have. At the last moment, in
spite of all you told the Mormons to fight, they
would not fight, and we had to give them up;
and, in spite of all we have said, the British say
they had not inlended to insult us; that it was
done under oiders given ten years aso, and was all
a mistake. You know they have kicked us all
over the seas entirely in a mistake, [laughter,]
and we shall get an apology after a while. I did
not vote for these sloops, and do not intend to do
so, and I call for the yeas and nays on the report.
I do not intend to be inveigled into any such le-
gislation.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate adjourn.
I think we ought to take this vote in a full Sen-
ate. Such legislation ought not to be acted upon
except m full Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question is on concurring in the report of the
committee of conference.
Mr. PUGH. I made a motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
about to put the question on concurring in the
report on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. STUART. I ask my friend from Ohio to
withdraw his motion.
Mr. PUGH If you want to make a speech I
have no objection.
Mr. STUART. I do.
Mr. PUGH. Then I withdraw it.
Mr STUART. I want to make a point with
my honorable friend from Georgia. I agree with
him, and I wish to bring the Senate to reject this
whole concern
Mr. TOOMBS. So do I.
Mr. STUART. I think it best to give a little
history on this subject. The proposition for in-
creasing the Navy by the building of sloops, ac-
cording to the recommendation of the committee,
was fully discussed and voted down twice by
decisive majorities on the yeas and nays; but,
late at night, when there was a bare quorum here
—just a quorum on the yeas and nays by one
majority—an amendment to build five sloops was
inserted in the bill. That is the history of it;
andithas come to atime, I think, when the Senate
should make itself heard. If we reject this bill,
we can make another in four hours, and give all
the appropriations necessary to continue the naval
service of the country, and pass it through both
Houses. The sense of the Senate was fully taken
on the proposition,and it was voted down twice;
we declared that we would not have it; but being
persisted in, at a late hour of the night, when
Senators had gone home, and there were just
enough here to make a quorum by one majority,
it was put on. Then it went to the House, and
it came back bigger yet, and the committee of
conference representing us, representing the sense
of the Senate, against its will when fully ex-
pressed, have agreed to the enlargement made by
the House.
Now, sir, I was one among the number who
voted against the measure in all its shapes, and
who believe it ought not to be done. If the sense
of the Senate is changed, no Senator will acquiesce
more cheerfully than I will; but if the sense of
the Senate remains as it was expressed, let it
stand by it, and do not let us have a dozen sloops
foisted upon us against the will of the majority
of the Senate. I am glad that the yeas and nays
have been ordeied, and I hope the Senate wiil
reject this proposition. I say in four hours we
can have an appropriation bill, making all the ap-
propriations for carrying on the Navy. _ I Us true,
as the Senator says, this mode of doing things
gets us m the hands of about two men.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir, that is true.
Mr. STUART. What the y waSit we '.have got
to take, or take nothing. Now, sir, Iet««jsrrGle,ii
down. Let us see if the sense of the Senate, upoa
a question so plainly and palpably tafesnj, cannot
be carried out, or, if it is changed, Ictus change
our action.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate'ad-
journ.
Several Senators. -Oh, no; let us take the
question.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senate will not ad-
journ. I wish to make a report from a commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. SEWARD. I will waive the motion for
the Senator 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be ne-
cessary to suspend action for the time being,.in
order to receive the report of the Senator from
Mississippi. By common consent the Chair will
receive the report.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will make his report.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object. Let
us close up one hill before we take up another.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 object to any report until
we get through the present business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, another question cannot be interposed
until the pending one is disposed of.
Mr. PUGH. Then I renew the motion toad-
journ. I understood the Senator from Michigan
was going to make it at the end of his speech.
Mr. BAYARD and others called for the yeaa
and nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brodcrick, Brown, Feesenden, Harlan,
Kennedy, Mallory, l'ugh, Slidell, Toombs, and Wilson—
10.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Col-
lamer, Davis, Foot, Gwin, Houston, Johnson of Ai kansas,
Eeid, Sebastian, Simmons, Stuart, and Thomson of New
Jersey—15.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
adjourn is lost; but the vote shows the want of
quorum.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is not in order
to repeat one motion for adjournment after an-
other.
Mr. SEWARD. There cannot be any other
motion now except a motion to adjourn.
Mr. MALLORY. We can do no business.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arras be sent after the absent members.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I second that
motion. I think it is fair that those who are ab-
sent at this time of the session ought to be pub-
lished to the world, and I see no other way but
by making a call, and inviting absent members to
attend.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand that there is a
quorum here, if they will vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. The very moment there ia
a call ordered I shall 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Chair is
not aware of any practice authorizing a call.
Mr. HOUSTON. If gentlemen would not oc-
cupy the time they do on trivial matters, all the
business we have transacted in the last two weeks
could have been gotten through in a day, and
these night sessions avoided.
Mr. SEWARD. Is a motion to adjourn now
in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would regard the motion in order in the present
state of the Senate. A quorum not being pres-
ent, no business could be done.
Mr. SEWARD. I make that motion.
Mr. STUART. We can send for absent mem-
bers. That motion was made by the Senator from
Delaware.
Mr. SEWARD. There have been speeches
and debates. I move that the Senate adjourn.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
entertain the motion to adjourn.
Afr. SEWARD. I make that motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask for the
yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not call for
the yeas and nays. We have notaquorum. The
only effect of sitting here to force the attendance
of absent members, will be to disqualify us for
business to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Those who
