wm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
Mr. CLAY. It is either intended to operate
unequally, .or it necessarily does operate un-
eqMr/-FESSENDEN. We must judge by its
terms.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, to proceed with
whatTwas saying, I ask wherein lies the differ-
ence between exempting one State from the pay-
ment of taxes or duties to the Government, and
refunding it all its duties or taxes? Whereinlies
the difference between exempting the people of
Maine and Massachusetts from the payment of
any salt duty, and refunding them all that they
pay ? Why, sir, in principle it is the same thing.
Can you say that taxes are apportioned among
the several States according to numbers, or that all
duties, imposts, and excises areuniform through-
out the United States, if you collect duties or col-
lect taxes from every State, and then give the
taxes thus collected to one or two States ? Is this
imposing equal burdens and conferring equal ben-
efits on the several States and the people who com-
pose the States, as clearly intended by those
clauses of the Constitution which I have read? It
would be far better for the interests of other tax-
payers, and the interest of the other twenty-nine
•States of this Union, if the people of Maine and
Massachusetts were permitted to import their salt
free of duty;because then, instead of paying them
$323,000 a year,we should remit them but $36,000;
we should pay them but a dollar where we now
pay them twelve and a half.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him another question in reference to the
legal point?
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. According to his argu-
ment, if the people of one State did not use as
much of a particular imported article which paid
a duty as the people of another State proportion-
ately, the law would be unconstitutional because
it operated unequally !
Mr. CLAY. Not at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly that would fol-
low from the argument. It is a necessary conse-
quence of the argument.
Mr. CLAY. I think not. I further maintain
that this is unconstitutional because it is unjust.
Nothing is proper or tolerable in legislation which
is unjust. "To establish justice "the Constitution
was'framed and the Union was formed. Justice
is the spirit of the Constitution and the bond of
the Union, without which the Constitution is val-
ueless and the Union acurse. Justice is equality,
is conferring equal bounties and imposing equal
burdens upon all the States, and all classes of cit-
izens within the States.
Now, sir, I ask what can be more unjust than
this bounty paid to the cod fisheries ? Is it just
to exact of the mackerel, and herring, and other
fishermen, a payment of the duty upon their salt,
and to exempt the cod fishermen from the pay-
ment of the same duty ? Is this uniform taxation ?
Wherein, I repeat, lies the difference between ex-
empting cod fishermen from the duty and return-
ing them the duty? Is it just to require of the
beef and pork packers of the West, and of the
farmers of the entire Union, the payment of a duty
on the salt which they consume, and to relieve
the fishermen of the same burden in support of the
Government ? Is it just, or rather can anything
be more unjust than not only to relieve the cod
fishermen from this burden imposed upon other
citizens of the United States, but to give them the
proceeds of that burden as a bounty? I should
like to know what excuse the representatives of
the other twenty-nine States of this Union can
lender to their constituents for sustaining a sys-
tem which taxes a common necessary of life, the
salt which they use, in order to raise bounties for
a privileged class of two or three thousand, or at
most fifteen thousand persons?
Since the doctrine of protection has been ex-
ploded, and is without a party in the country, or
even an advocate m Congress, upon what pnnci-
ple can this bounty be maintained or defended ?
It is the extremest, greatest, and worst kind of
protection; exceeding protecting duties, or pro-
hibiting duties, or exemption from paying duties,
or remission <if duties. It is taking money derived
from taxing the many, and giving it to the favored
few. Here are twelve or fourteen thousand men,
if (he fishermen get the bounty, or less than three
thousand if the owners get it, receiving g300,00U
annually from the Treasury as a pure gratuity ;
not for what they have done, or are doing, or will
do, for the Tieasury, or the Government-, or the
people of the United States; butfor what they are
doing for themselves, for pursuing their own busi-
ness, for working for themselves, for catling cod
fish! The consideration of this bounty is the
catching and selling, or cooking and eating, of cod
fish; the filling of their own purses, or stomachs !
For this they are made pensioners of the Govern-
ment—the only civil, the only honorary pension-
ers; for this they are preferred above all other
fishermen, all other men of all other occupations;
for this they are made peculiar, extraordinary,
and exclusive favorites; for this they are honored
and advanced above all other classes of pension-
ers. All other pensions rest upon some past and
valuable consideration—upon public services, or
losses sustained, or sufferings endured for the
Government in the Army or Navy; but for this
no such support can be found. The cod fishermen
are not in the public service; they have not been
public servants; they have not lost theirlimbsor
their health, or suffered any injury, or incurred
any peril in the public service, at the call of their
country. They are pensioners, not by merit, but
by mere favor!
No; it is not what they are or have been, or do
or have done, or must or will do, for their coun-
try, that they are fostered and fed hy Government;
it is for what they may do in the future; it is upon
the possibility of future service, that they are thus
made stipendiaries of Government. We may need
these men to man our ships, say their advocates;
therefore, we should cultivate their patriotism,
and encourage their piscatory pastimes or pur-
suits, by an annual conciliatory bribe of $300,000.
They are the nurslings of the sea; the nascent
Neptunes whose hands may direct our navies,
defend our commerce, and decide the destiny of
our country in war! If war comes, where can
you find seamen, save in the cod fisheries? No-
where! Not among the four thousand mackerel,
nor the twenty thousand whale fishermen, nor
the one hundred and thirty thousand merchant
sailors, nor the seven thousand navy seamen; not
among these one hundred and sixty-one thousand
men is there skill, courage, and patriotism enough
tofightour naval battles. No, you must look to
the cod fishermen to dare the dangers of the deep,
and defy the terrois of gunpowder, and grapple
with our foes!
Surely, if the destiniesof our common country
center in the cod fisheries, then we may exclaim
with Fisher Ames," the catching of cod is a very
momentous concern."
Let us examine this bold and startling propo-
osition, and see how far it can be sustained by
facts or by arguments. No class of men can claim
a monopoly of patriotism or of courage; and the
cod fishermen cannot prove their title to a laiger
share of these virtues than other fishermen or sail-
ors. Neither can any satisfactory or sufficient
reason be assigned why they are or should be-
come better seamen.
Why should they excel the mackerel fishermen
in skill, courage, or patriotism? They are of the
same race, derived from the same origin, speak
the same language, worship the same God,live
under the same Government, and pursue similar
vocations. Mr. Scudder says the mackerel fish-
ing is pursued m the same or similar vessels, in
the same waters, at the same season of the year,
and often by the same men, and is fraught with
equal toil and danger. Wherein lies the difler-
cnce of merit or value to the country between the
catchers of mackerel and the catchers of cod '
Mr. Scudder said there was none, and that they
were equally entitled to Government favor. Cer-
tainly there can be no difference, unless it be im-
parted by the food. If the opinion of some phi-
losophers or poets be true, that men partake of
the nature of the animal on which they feed, per-
haps there may be greater virtue in catching cod
than mackerel or herring.
Why should they be better seamen than whale
fishermen ? A cod-fish voyage is of four months;
a whaling voyage of two to four years. Are four
months' tuition in cod fishing worth more than
four years' whaling ? A cod-fish excursion is ot a
few hundred miles; a whalmg cruise of twenty
thousand miles. Is more learned in a short trip
to Newfoundland than - ion? one in doubling
; Cape Horn? Doss casting the lines for cod le-
quire greater skill, dexterity, strength, or cour-
age, than harpooning the whale ? Is more learned
in a fishing- smack or fore-and-aft schooner of five
or forty tons than in a whaling ship of one thou-
sand or more tons.' The smack has no yards, but
two mas^,and three sails—jib,foresail,and main-
sail—all managed by halliards or ropes and pul-
leys, without getting off decks; the sails are un-
furled orfurled by pulling or letting go a rope. But
the great whale ship has its three masts, its twenty-
odd sails rising one above the other to the topgal-
lants, and its sixteenor more yards supporting the
s^ils—the very names of which are unknown to
the cod fisherman,because neverused by him. He
has not to go aloft to furl or reef sails, and could
not if ordered. Ho never learns the duties or even
the dialect of a whaler, or merchantman, or war
vessel; and on board of them would have no ad-
vantage over the land-lubber, except in walking
the deck, and escaping sea-sickness. The mere
inspection of a smack and a square-rigged ship
will show that the former is no school on which
to learn how to manage the latter. The contrast
is as great as between a log cabin and the lab-
yrinth of Crete; and the cod fisherman would
scarcely be more at fault in the labyrinth than in
the ship.
I do not utter these things without some au-
thority. I understand from naval officers that all
the advantage a cod fisherman has over a mere
" land-lubber "is in having learned to "rough it,"
to walk the deck, and escape sea-sickness; but they
say that they would rather take a raw recruit who
had learned nothing than to take a cod fisherman
whom they would have to unlearn before they
could teach. I hold in my hand the Plymouth
Rock, published in one of the fishing districts of
New England, in which I find this language:
" Tlie reasons why cod fishermen can nevei become profi-
cient as'ordinary .-eamcu' are loo familiar to eveiy man upon
the sea-coast to need to be repeated, but to otheis they may
not be uninteresting. The cod fi-hnig vessels are, 111 the first
place, all 'foie-aud-aft schoonus," and admitting 1 he crew
of each vessel to be pounanent, or employed year by year
m the same vessel, they obtain no knowledge of squaie-
rigged ves.-els. and experienced shipmasters aver that to un-
learn them of habits acquned on board the fishing vessels
requites vastly mote labor and patience than to take young
men who have never been to sea at all. But the men who
are engaged as fisheimen aie almost entirely a 4 floating
population,5 a laige pioportion foreigners, who go a fishing
for a season, sometimes for relaxation from other employ-
merits, sometimes from curiosity, but hardly ever with the*
idea of making seamanship a permanent business."
Such is, also, the testimony of the Patriot, pub-
lished at Barnstable, the largest fishing district,
which says:
" WhiNt it affords to the foreigner an oppoitunity to ac-
quiie seamanship. U cncourages our own joung men into
the fisheries, who would otherwise enter immediately into
the merchant service, where they would learn twice or thrice
as fast. Besides, the boy who once became a fisherman, is
often led to cmbiaco it as a profession for life—a business
tiie poorest, the haidest. the worn of almost anv under the
light of the sun. Thus the boy, who, if lie had first entered
the merchant sei vice, would have arisen to competency and
respect, is by entering upon this service, induced to con-
tinue 111 it, and is, 111 effect, induced to adopt a business
which he would never have adopted if this same bounty
had not encouiaged the business.
" The tbrcignei is advanced in his interests by fishing, be-
cause lie leains ordinaly seamanship, and beyond this he
geneiaily aspnes not. But the Ameucun fails to Irani that
seamanship which is to advance him to hi  hoped-foi situa-
tion i« a merchantman. The moment he seek-* even a mate's
beith in a merchant vessel, because he has pieviouslv been
one on a dozen fi-hntg voyages, that moment he finds him-
self mihiakeu. He 1-; told thntlns pa^r expeiicnce wotth
iu.-t nothing at all ! This is true to the veiy letter, and hun-
dted< can testify to this ttuth. If he goes into the meieiiant
s'mvjcc, he has got to leatn seaman-hip all over again, and
his pa>f tuition counts him jur-t nothing at all. He has mere-
ly !o-t his time by going a fishing, encouraged by a bounty."
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. CLAY. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to ask him if he
knows that the editors of each of those papers are
custom-house officers, who are ready to do the
dirtiest work of any Administration when they
suppose any question may be an Administration
measure?
Mr. CLAY. I do not know it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I know they are.
Mr. CLAY. I do not think they arc. Mr.
Bates is the editor of the Plymouth Rock, the pa-
| per from which I read. I "think he is not a eus-
'• tom-house officer.
! Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, he is. .
; Mr. CLAY. Who is the editor of the Patriot?
i I cannot now say.
