mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
attend to-night will not, perhaps, be able to attend
to-morrow. Yet we ought to make an effort to
do business.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Broderick, Brown, Fe*sen-
deo, Harlan, Houston, Hunter, King, Maliory, Pugh,Keid,
and Toombs—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Rayard, Bright, Collamer. Davis, Foot,
Gwin, Johnson of Arkansas, Sebastian, Simmons, Stuart,
and Wilson-—11.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned at ten o'clock and forty-five minutes,
p. m.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 11, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journalofyesterday was read andapproved.
CHARLES PORTER FIELD, DECEASED.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be a motion made by the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whoie House from the further con-
sideration of Senate bill (No. 203) for the relief
of the legal representatives of Charles Porterfield,
deceased.
Mr. LETCHER. Let the bill and report be
read.
The bill and report were read.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Interior to
issue to William Kinney and Thomas J. Michie,
executors of the last will and testament of Robert
Porterfield,deceased, a numberof warrants, equal
to six thousand one hundred and thirty-three
acres of land, according to the usual subdivisions
of the public surveys, in quantity not less than
forty acres, to be by them located on any of the
public lands subject to private entry, at $1 23 per
acre, which have been, or may be, surveyed, and
which have not been otherwise appropriated at
the time of such location, within any of the States
or Territories of the United States, where the
minimum price for the same shall not exceed the
sum of $1 25 per acre, to be selected and located
in conformity with the legal subdivisions of such
surveys, and appropriated according to the direc-
tions contained in the last will and testament of
the said Robert Porterfield, deceased, in the same
manner and for the purposes directed in regard
to the lands which were lost by the said legal rep-
resentatives in the action with Clark and others,
as decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States.
It appears from the report, that in May, 1779,
the Legislature of Virginia passed an act establish-
ing a land office for ascertaining the terms and man-
ner of granting waste and unappropriated lands.
Under this act, any person might procure from
• the Treasury, on paying a certain price, a warrant
to locate and obtain a patent for any waste or un-
appropriated land, with a proviso that no entry or
location of land shall be admitted within the coun-
try and limits of the Cherokee Indians, or on the
north side of the Ohio river, or on lands reserved
for any particular nation or tribe of Indians,&c.
The warrants under this act were called Treasury
warrants. It having been ascertained, by an ex-
tension of the dividing line betweeen Virginia and
North Carolina, that a considerable part of the
land previously set apart by Virginia for the dis-
charge of her promises to the officeis and soldiers
of her State and continental line, lay within the
State of North Carolina, Virginia, by an act
passed in November, 1781, enacted that all that
tract of land inc'ud^d withm the river3 Missis-
sippi, Ohio,and Tennessee, and the North Caro-
lina line, shall be, sad the same hereby, sub-
stituted m lieu of eu'-h land so fallen into the State
.of North Carolina, to be in the same manner sub-
ject to the claims of said officers and soldieis.
Colonel Charles Porterfield, of the Virginia State
line, was mortally wound ed at Gates's defeat, near
Camden, in August, 1780* and soon after died of
the wounds, leaving neither wife nor children.
His brother, Robert Porterfield,as Ins hen -at-law.
received from the State of Virginia, under the laws
•of that State, a wanant for six thousand acres,
(for three years' service,) in December, 1782. He
also was entitled, by purchase, to a warrant is-
sued to Thomas Gtuarles, for three years' service
as lieutenant m the State line, for two thousand
six hundred and sixty-six and two thirds acres,
dated the 12th of June, 1783,
In pursuance of these warrants, and under the
authority of laws subsequently passed, appoint-
ing a surveyor and a board of officers, the said
Robert Porterfield, in August, 1784, made, within
the district above described, five entries, amount-
ing in ail to six-thousand one hundred and thirty-
three and one third acres; but the country was
in the possession of the Indians, who were so
much dissatisfied with the inroads into their coun-
try, and the location of so large an amount of
these warrants, that an Indian war was appre-
hended. The Governor of Virginia, on the 6th
of January, 1785, under the direction of tlTe Le-
gislature, issued a proclamation, prohibiting those
who had made entries of land within the said ter-
ritory from proceeding further in taking posses-
sion or surveying the land, and commanding the
commissioners, surveyors, and all persons, to
withdraw from the said land. In consequence of
this proclamation, the said Robert Porterfield was
prevented from peifecting his entry by survey
and patent. This proclamation continued in force
until the United States, by treaties made subse-
quently in 1794 and 1795 with the Cherokee and
Chickasaw Indians, guarantied to them the coun-
try lying to the south of the Tennessee river
as a hunting giound, and all persons were pro-
hibited from entering on, or taking possession
of, the said territory. The country remained in
this situation until 1819, when the obstruction of
the. Indian title was removed by treaty; and in
convenient time afterwards, to wit: in 1^54, the
said Robert Porterfield procured his entries to be
perfected by survey, and a patent issued to him
from the Governor of Kentucky, (which had, in
the mean time, become a State,) in pursuance of
certain stipulations between Virginia and Ken-
tucky, when the latter becamc a separate State.
After having thus perfected his title, the said Rob-
ert Porterfield took possession of his said land,
and by an agentgrantcd leases to several persons
whom he found living on the land; but those ten-
ants were subsequently evicted and turned out of
possession, under indictments of forcible entry
and detainer, by persons claiming title to the same
land, under a giant to George R. Clark, of an
older date. To the understanding of this claim
it is necessary to state some facts.
Under certain Treasury land warrants, the said
George R. Clark made entries of two tracts of
land—one for thirty-six thousand nine hundred
and sixty-two acres, and another for thirty-seven
thousand acres—within the district of country
which the Legislature of Virginia had set apart
for military land warrants, by the act of Novem-
ber, 1781. These entries were made in 1780 and
1781, prior to the passage of the act of November,
1781. The surveys were made m 1794, before the
date of the proclamation of the Governor of Vir-
ginia, and patents were issued m September, 1795.
The said patents being the oldest, the said Rob-
eit Porteifield was disposed to give up his claim,
and to ask Congress to give him other lands in
lieu of that of which he had been deprived. He
accordingly presented a petition to the Twenty-
Fourth Congress; but, as is alleged in this peti-
tion. he was advised by the late B. Watkins
Leigh, then a Senator of Virginia in Congress,
that his claim would be likely to be refused until
U had been decided by the courts that Clark's
title was paramount; and the said Leigh expressed
the opinion, as did other eminent lawyets, that
the entry and patent of the said Clark were void,
being within " the country and limits of the Cher-
okee Indians " which were excepted from the
entry by act of May, 1778. Under this advice,
he filed a bill in the circuit court of the United
States for the Kentucky district, against Meri-
wether L. Clark and others, who claimed under
the said grants to George R. Clark, on the 18th
of July, 1836. In the prosecution of tins suit,
much time and money were expended. Many
witnesses were examined, and a large amount o'f
testimony as to the right of the Indians to this
tract of country was procured from the colonial
office in England. After various continuances,
the case was finally brought to a hearing on the
13th November, 1841, when the bill was dismissed
with costs. An appeal was taken to the Supreme
Court, where the appeal was dismissed.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand from the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Jackson,] who re-
ported this bill, that it was agreed to unanimous-
ly by the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. COBB. Does the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims propose to grant lands?
Mr. JACKSON. If the gentlemen will allow
me, I will state the action of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims on that bill. The matter
was submitted to the committee in the early part
of the session, and the committee agreed unani-
mously, while rejecting any appropriation of
money for losses in the revolutionary war, that
the party was entitled to thejand, and I was au-
thorized to report a bill for that purpose. Not
being here when that committee was called, I did
riot report th^,bill. The Senate passed a similar
bill, which came here and was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and I was
authorized by the committee, unanimously, to
report it back, with the recommendation that it
should pass. We adopted the able report made
by Senator Wilson, and which has been read to
the House. I think that the facts therein set forth
are true. I investigated the facts fully myself, and
believe that the party is fully entitled to the land.
Mr. JEWETT. If I understand the object of
that bill, (and I have been somewhat conversant
with the history of like eases,) I would just say
that if it is the intention of Congress to make
good all the Virginia military land warrants whrch
were issued and attempted to be located and carried
into perfect grants in the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky, tins bill then will be a fine precedent.
This bill shows nothing more nor less than this:
that there was a controversy between the heirs of
Porterfield and Clark, concerning their respective
rights tojand at the mouth of the Tennessee river.
The matter was fully litigated, and decided against
Porteifield Js heirs* and they now come here and
ask to be reinstated in rights which they never
had, and so declared by the Supreme Court of the
United States.
Mr. COBB. This is a case concerning lands,
which properly belongs to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. I will say in explanation of it 
Mr. CHAFFEE. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. COBB. So it is always when light is at-
tempted to be thrown on these cases.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by Asbuuy Dickins, their Secretary, notifying
tne House that that body had passed a resolu-
tion suspending the 16th and 17th joint rules for
the remainder of the session, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
question is on a suspension of the rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 92,
noes 42.
Mr. SAVAGE demanded tellers.
Mr. COBB demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craige of
North Carolina, and Clemen's, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 91, noes 39.
Mr. SAVAGE. I demand the yeas and nays.
I want to know who will vote to take up such a
bill as this at this period of the session.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have been
refused.
So the rules wore suspended.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the previous ques-
tion on ordering the bill to be read a third time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SAVAGE. Is it in order to call now for
the reading of the bill and report ?
The SPEAKER. The report has been read.
Mr. SAVAGE. But not since the rules were
suspended. It could not have been read before,
by the rules of the House. 1 believe I called for
the reading of the ocean mail steamer bill yester-
day, and it was then decided that it was not in
order to read until the rules had been suspended.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
repott will be read.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
Mr. SAVAGE. Have 1 not a right to have it
read ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order now, be-
cause the House is acting under the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SAVAGE. Was'it in order to read it
before the rules were suspended?
The SPEAKER. It was permitted by unan-
imous constnt.
