THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D, C.
Thirty-Fiftii Congress, 1st Session*.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1858.
New Series No. 54.
yet their legislation, as I shall presently show,
was shaped rather upon the idea, of its validity.
They declared this prohibition inoperative and
void; but they would do so only upon conditions,
to which wp were required to submit. One was,
that slavery, as a legal relation, should not be re-
vived by force of their law, but should depend
upon the will of thp people who might go into
these Territories. The other was, in effect, that
no law or regulation relating to slavery, which
might have existed prior to the act of 6th March,
1820, should be revived or put in force.
But for this unfortunate fluctuation—I will not
call it trimming—the country would have been
spared the calamities which afterwaids befell us.
Kansas and Nebraska would have been settled,
quietly and gradually, by peaceable emigrants
from the North and the South. If Abolitionists
or anti-slavery men had been urged to go quickly
to Kansas, that they might outnumber the men
of the South, the answer would have been,4 4 why,
what can we effect by a superiority'of numbers ?
Has not Congress fixed the condition of the Ter-
ritory, and can we deprive the southern emigrant
of his legal privilege?" And so, had southern
men been urged to anticipate the arrival of north-
ern emigrants and prevent a hostile majority of
anti-slavery settlers, their answer would have
been, " what should we care about that? Shall
wc not hold our slaves under a higher warrant
than the mere will of a majority of the inhabit-
ants? Can they alter the established older and
renew a prohibition which Congress has re-
moved ?"
But instead of pursuing this wise and salutary
course, Congress adopted one which was alike
inconsistent with the grounds pn winch the bill
was to be defended at the North, and with the
views previously entertained by almost all classes
of politicians at theSouth. [tsaid—of course not
in words, but in effect—" the prohibition of 1820,
which transformed a slaveholdjng into a non-
slaveholding Territory, was wrong, and it shall
not stand. But we will not restore the Territory
to the condition in which we found it. We will re-
voke our interdict; but whether it shall he renewed
or not—whether slavery shall be allowed or not
—shall depend upon the people who may go to
take possession of the government we are now
providing. Run, then, men of the North and of
theSouth. Let us see which shall go first and m
greatest numbers. To the swift and to the strong
shall the prize bo given."
Sir, is it to be wondered at that, after thus re-
ferring such a controversy to the people, there
should have been an immediate rush of emigiants
to the scene of strife ? In a contest to be settled by
numbers, was it strange that each party should
seek to swell its forces ? Was it likely they would
be very scrupulous in the employment of means?
For what purpose did they go to Kansas ? "Why,
to determine whether slavery should be allowed
or prohibited. From the very nature of their
mission, it must needs have been that those who
went were thezealotsand bigots of their respective
sections. They went not to confer upon subjects
of common interest, but to proclaim a mutual op-
position and defiance; and that, too, upon a ques-
tion so irritating, so associated with rancorous
recollections, as hardly to admit of temperate dis-
cussion, even in the 1 Jails of Congress. Sir, it
ought to have been foreseen, that when they met,
they would meet not only as opponents, but as
enemies.
Had the Territory been inhabited before a gov-
ernment was made for it, even these mischievous
provisions would not have produced the deplor-
able results that followed. The intercourse of
the inhabitants would have brought them into re-
lations of friendship and familiarity. The daily
commerce of life, the customary interchange of
good offices, a thousand ties, would have bound
together men of opposite political opinions; and
when^ at last, they came to give expression to
theye differences ot opinion, in the makingofkuvs
and the regulation of their domestic affairs, they
would have differed as neighbors and friends who
54 .
knew and esteemed and loved one another. The
most extreme party antagonism would have been
perfectly consistent with personal good will.
But unhappily we did not wait till the country
was inhabited. As I said on a former occasion,
when opposing the bill, we planted a government
in the wilderness, and then drove a people to take
possession of it. Those who went to engage in
the strife to which we invited them, met one
another, not merely as opponents and enemies,
but asstrangers. There was nothingin their past
intercourse to soften the fierce animosities which
stirred them to violence and bloodshed. They
recognized each other only as foes; and the rifle
and the bowie-knife were, naturally enough, the
first arguments used by men whom the law setso
far apart that they could not reach one another by
the softer appeals of reason. Mr. Chairman, the
civil war which followed was the necessary, I may
almost say the logical, consequence of these pro-
visions of the Nebraska bill. That civil war was
the Nebraska bill in action. Sir,at the instant that
these fatal changes were made in the bill, though
I had voted witli the friends of the measure up to
that time, I sprang forward and moved to lay the
bill upon the table. From that moment it had no
more earnest opponent than I was.
Sir, these objections were such as ought to have
been common to all parts of the country and to
every variety of political opinion. But let not
the northern opponents of the measure take credit
to themselves for their course upon it Let them
not boast that they voted against a bill which pro-
duced these calamitous results; for it was in def-
erence to their views and wishes, and to concil-
iate their favor, that the provisions were inserted
which caused these results. To them, the sole
point of objection was the abrogation of the Mis-
souii compromise; and I have already said that
that would have occasioned only a brief and com-
paratively harmless agitation. The gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Goodwin,] who has just
taken" his seat, could see nothing m tin* bill which
met his disapprobation except the repeal of that
compromise. Yet for this cause alone they op-
posed the bill with warmth and bitterness. Their
opposition only stimulated the zeal and ardor of
its friends. It should not have been so; but, in
the violence of party strife, we too easily per-
suade ourselves that what our opponents con-
demn,we ought for that very reason to approve.
There are some who, m the words of Iago, " will
not serve God if the devil bid them."
This transfer to the people of the Territories of
the entire contsol and regulation of the slavery
question, while it produced convulsions which,
at one time, threatened the safety of the Union,
was also liable to the very constitutional objec-
tions which applied to the Missouri compromise
itself. If Congress had no power to prohibit sla-
very in the Territories, how could it grant such
authority to the people of theseTerritories? How
could it delegate to others what it did not possess,
itself? The government of a Territory is the mere
creature of Congress. It is not a self-existent,
independent power; it can do nothing which we
have not authorized; it can establish nothing
which we forbid. In the late decision of the Su-
preme Court, in the ease of Dred Scott, it is de-
cided that—
'• Congress may establish a territorial government, and
the form of tin? local government inuu be logulated by the
dt>eiotion of (Jongie^. but  Atk povcrs not cxcceding tho^e
which Coupes-' U^elf, by the Constitution. ts authorized to
exercise over citizens of the United Statcs^in respect to tUeir
tights of iperson or rights of property."
The northern advocates of the Nebraska bill
justified the repeal of the Missouri compromise
upon the ground that Congress had no power to
pass such an act; and yet they compelled or per-
suaded us to accept a Substitute which, while it
was even more mischievous in its practical effects,
was as palpable a violation of the Constitution as
the act which it supplanted.
It will be seen, sir, that I adopt the construction
given to the bill by its northern advocates as the
just and true interpretation of its meaning and
objects, I know that sotne pf jny southern friends
and associates, and particularly my colleagues,
are unwilling to admit this construction. They
say that the bill gives no power to the people of
these Territories to prohibit slavery, as long as
they remain in the condition of Territories, but
only authorizes them to do so in forming a State
constitution, or after tkey have bccome a State.
Indeed, sir! Is this, then, all that is included
in that great doctrine of " popular sovereignty,"
which is said to be the distinctive feature and the
chief excellence of the Nebraska bill ? Is this the
new article of faith which has been adopted with
so much ceremony, and with such an air of res-
olute defiance, into the creed of caucuses and con-
ventions ? "Why, sir, if this is all that is meant
by popular sovereignty, there is hardly a man in
the country, and surely not one in this House,
that will dispute it. Who has ever denied that a
State may establish or prohibit slavery ? And what
more is involved in the idea that the people of a
Territory may exercise this power in forming; a
State constitution, than that a State itself may
do so ? When a Territory becomes a State, it is
only as a State that its inhabitants can form a con-
stitution. If they are admitted into the Union,
the recognition of them by Congress as a State
relates back to the time when they formed their
constitution. It is a sort of acknowledgment of
their independence, and of their independence at
the time of making their constitution. If they are
not admitted, why then all their acts were simply
void, and they formed no State constitution at all,
but only something which they wanted Congress
to recognise as a constitution. A State cannot
make a constitution for a Territory; nor can a
Territory make a constitution for aState. Noth-
ing in our political system is mom unlike than a
State and a Territory. A State gives power to
Congress; but a Territory receives it from Con-
gress. A Territory is the creature of Congress;
while Congress is the creati of the States. Con-
gress, then, is not the source ^-f any of the powers
cxerciscd by a people in forming a State consti-
tution: but it is the only source of all the powers
exercised by the people of a Territory. The ex-
clusion of slavery, therefore, bya State, does not
imply any such power in Congress; while its ex-
clusion by a Territory would necessarily imply
the possession of the power by Congress.
If it be true, then, that the Nebraska bill con-
cedes to the people of Kansas and Nebraska noth-
ing more than the right to exclude slavery when
they form their State constitutions, it would, as
I said before, only be the concession of a prin-
ciple which nobody has ever disputed. Ana yet
many of our southern presses stoutly maintain
that this is all Congresseverintended to do; they
have diligently impressed this idea on the south-
ern mind; and they quote in support of their views
two clauses of the Nebraska bill, one in the first
section, which provides that—
" When admitted a<s a State or States, the said Territory,
or any portion of the same, shall be remved into the Union,
with or without slavery, as their constitution may prescribe
at the time of then admission."
The other from the sixth section, providing
that—
'• Tho legislative power of the Territory shall extend to
all ria'.Hfui subjects of legislation consent with the Con-
stitution of the United States and the provisions of this
act.**
Now, sir, if these were all the provisions of the
bill applicable to this question, there would be
much force in their conclusions. There is, how-
over, nothing in these two provisions distinguish-
in'' tiie Nebraska bill from other territorial bills.
The first may he found in the acts organizing ter-
ritorial governments for Utah and New Mexico,
in the very words used in the Nebraska bill. The
intent and meaning of this provision are obvious
enough. It was simply designed to pledge the
faith "of Congress that these future.States should
not be refused admission into the Union .merely
beeauso of their allowing or prohibiting slavery
in their constitutions. The other may be found
not only in the Utah and New Mexico bills, but,
I believe, in every other bill establishing a territo-
rial government.
