1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. LETCHER moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded;there be-
ing, on a division—ayes 84, noes 48; and the main
question was ordered.
Mr. COBB. I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. CLEMENS. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion. The bill establishes a new prin-
ciple. It will take about six million acres to
carry out this principle.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman take the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill? I could not
express my dissent to the bill in a more forcible
manner than by moving to lay it upon the table,
but I now withdraw the motion.
Mr. CLEMENS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 78, nays 88;as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ah!, Blair, Bowie, Buffinton, Burlin-
game. Case, Uaskie,Cavanangh, Clawson,Ciay, Clemen*.
John Cochrane, Cockgrill, Coming, Cox, Cragm, Curry,
Davidson, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dewrn. Pim-
miek, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Eu tw, Faulkner, Fen-
ton, Florence, Garnett, Gillis, Gilmer, Goode, Goodwin,
Gregg, Grow, Lawrefice W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, J. Mor-
rison Harris, Hatch, Hawkins, Hopkins, Jackson, Jenkins,
J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Landy, Leidy, Lei-
ter, Letcher, McKibbin, Matteson, Maynard, Miles, Mill-
eon, Morrill, Oliver A. Morse, Nichols, Parker, Pendleton,
William W. Phelps, Potter, Purviance, Reiliy, Ritchie, Rob-
bms, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens, James
A. Stewait, Tappan,Tompkins, Walton, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Woodson, and Worcendyke—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Arnold, Atkins,
A^very, Barksdale, Bennett, Bilhrighur^t, Bingham, Bliss,
Boyce, Branch, Brayton, Burnett, Chapman, Ezra Clark,
John B. Clark, Cobb, Covode, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Iowa,
Dean, Dodd, Durfee,Edie, Farnsworth, Foley, Foster,Gar-
trell,Giddings, Gilman, Harlan, Thomas L. Hams, Hoard,
Horton, Houston, Huylcr, Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitl,
Kel>ey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Maclay,
McQueen, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Ma-
son, Moore, Morgan,Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morn?,
Mott, Niblack, Ohn, Peyton, Pottle, duitman, Rfaaan,
Rieaud, Royce, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidgo, Savage, Scales,
Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Singleton, Srallworth,
Stanton, Stevenson, William Stewart, Talbot, Miles Tay-
lor, Thayer, Tnppe, Wade, Walbridge, Whiteley, Wins-
low, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—83.
So the bill was rejected.
Pending the vote,
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that Mr. Bishop had
been compelled to leave for home, and had paired
off with Mr. Pettit.
Mr. BOCOCK stated that if he had been in the
Hall when his name was called, he would have
voted " no."
Mr. STANTON stated that as he had not had
time to consider the bill he would have to vote
" no."
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was rejected, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Dickixs, their Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the House of
the following titles:
An act (No. -166) making appropriation for the
expenses of collecting the revenue from customs;
An act (No. 556) making appropriation for the
service of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30, 1859; and
An act (No.365) to confirm the land claims of
certain pueblas and towns m the Territory ot
New Mexico; severally with amendments, m
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, bills of this House of the following
titles:
An act (No. 619) for the relief of John Sawyer,
a soldier of the war of the Revolution;
An act (No. 399) for the lelief of certain pur-
chasers of land within the limits of the Choctaw
cession, of 1830; and
An act for the relief of settlers on certain lands
in the State of Illinois.
CLAIMS OF REVOLUTIONARY SOLDIERS.
Mr. FENTON. I ask leave to discharge the
Committee of the Whole House from the further
tonsideration of House bill (No. 534) to settle the
claims of the officers and soldiers of the revolu-
tionary army.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of privilege. 1 desire to call up the Maryland
contested-election cas£
Mr. FENTON. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
rises to a privileged question.
Mr. FENTON. I appeal to the gentleman from
Illinois to allow my motion to be entertained,and
then 1 will give way.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the gentle-
man from Illinois to allow me to have two appro-
priation bills referred to the Committe of Ways
and Means. It will not occupy a moment.
The SPEAKER. If the motion to suspend the
rules be entertained, the Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman from Illinois will not have the right
to take the floor from the gentleman from New
Yoik.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from New York
had the floor before the gentleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but the gen-
tleman from Illinois stated, bpfore the motion of
the gentleman from New York was entertained,
that he rose to a question of privilege, which en-
titled him to be recognized.
Mr. GROW. Cannot the motion of the gen-
tleman from New York be entered now with the
| consent of the gentleman from Illinois ?
The SPEAKER. By general consent it can
be done.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. FENTON. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would not a motion to
suspend the rules and go into Committee of the
Whole House take precedence of both motions ?
The SPEAKER. It would not take precedence
of a question of privilege. Ifthere be no objection,
the motion of trie gentleman from New York will
be received.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. It will
be time enough to make the motion when we can
dispose of it.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL, ETC.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I believe I have
the consent of the gentleman from Illinois to have
two appropriation bills referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. SAVAGE. Have I a right to object?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has.
Mr. SAVAGE- Then I exercise that right.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, ! ask to refer to
the Committee of Ways and Means the Senate
amendments to the Post Office appropriation bill
and to the bill for the collection of revenue.
Mr. SAVAGE. I object, for the simple fact
that I do not recollect that the gentleman ever ex-
tended a courtesy to anybody,
j Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. For the purpose
1 of enabling the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
i refer his bills, I withdraw my motion.
f Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 move to suspend
| the rules, in order to allow me to have the Senate
i amendments to the Post Office appropriation bill
\ and the revenue bill referred to the Committee of
; Ways and Means.
I The rules wercsuspended; and the amendments
| to the bills so referred.
MARYLAND CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I desite now to cali
up the Maryland contested-election case, that the
I House may dispose of it to-day.
: Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to its
] consideration. I think the House has not time
i to proceed to the consideration of the case as it
| deserves to be considered.
| Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. How does the gen-
i tleman from Maine get the floor ?
| Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I call the
■ gentleman from Maine to order,
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that
neither the gentleman from Maine nor any other
j member has the right to object. Whenever a
I question of privilege is presented, it is before the
j House; and then the House can dispose of it as
i it thinks proper.
i The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
|| gentleman from Maine to object to the House
proceeding to the consideration of the question.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMairie. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. Under the 5th rule ofAhe
House ? •
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, Yes.;"- '
The SPEAKER. The:CIerk will read therirle.
The rule was read, as follows:
" When any motion or proposition is made, the question,
' Will the House now consider it." shall not be put unless
it is demanded by some member, or is deemed necessary-by
the Speaker.55
Mr. HOUSTON. That rule does not apply to
a privileged question. It applies to any ordinary
matter of business which comes in under the or-
dinary rules of the House. This is a question
which is taken up because it is a matter of high
privilege.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine.. My idea was
this—that we might just as well decide now, as
at any other time, whether this question shall be
taken up. It will lead to a good deal of discus-
sion, and occupy time that is very necessary for
the transaction of the business of the country.
Mr. HARRIS* of Illinois. That may be so;
but the gentleman can hardly rise to take the floor
from me except he rises to a question of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Thatisapoint
of order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I must say that I
cannot consider it a point of order at all. When
the question is presented, it becomes a question
of privilege, and cannot be evaded except by a mo-
tion to postpone to a day certain, or to dispose of
it by some of the ordinary motions by which
business is laid aside.
Mr. GROW. I suppose the House may de-
cide whether it will consider any subject that is
brought before it, at the time it is presented.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman from Maine is entitled to have the
question put to the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Then I hope it will
be put.
The SPEAICER. The particular question be-
fore the House derives its dignity exclusively
from the rules themselves and the Manual: and
the Chair does not perceive any reason why the
5th rule should not apply as well to this question
as to any other.
| Mr. HOUSTON. Will the Chair allow me to
i propound a question? Sappose that any ques-
j tion, whether privileged or not, was set over as a
1 matter to be taken up to-day, and is then called
j up, is that proposition m a condition where the
question is put: " Will the House consider it?>'
| If I cnil up a bill from the table, or any such thing,
I then it is the duty of the Chair, if required, to put
the question:Will the House consider it?" But
we have agreed to consider this question. We
have, to some extent, considered it, because we
have received the report of the committee, and it
has been postponed to this day or to some future
day, and comes up as a matter of course, because
we were in consideration of the question at the
time it was postponed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Is this question debatable?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in otder.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call the atten-
tion of the Chair and of the House to this pas-
' sage on page 100 of the Manual:
J "A matter of puviloae arising out of any question, or
; from a quariei between two members, or any other cause,
; supersede- ilie eon-ider.itiou of tiie original question, ruici
| must lie IiiM <ii.- p'i-i'1 ii o!.:f
' My opinion is, that, if you have a bill under
; consideration, and a question of privilege, recog-
nized as such by the Chair, comes before the
I House or is called for, the business undet coti-
j sideration must be suspended until that question
: is disposed of.
i Mr. DEAN. Unless debate is in order, I ob-
I ject to it.
i Mr. WASH HUH If, of Maine. If it is coni-
| petent for the House 
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire to know
j if this q""Stion is debatable5
; The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
| Mr. DAVIS, of SJiiryland. Then I ask the
■ Chair to enforce the rule.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 take an appeal
! from the. decision of the Chair. I presume lhat
i it will be debatable.
| The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
' question is to be put, " Will the House now curi-
