THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE-
June 11.
sider this question ?" without debate, and, under
the rules of the House, where a question of order
arises upon a question which is not debatable,
the question of order is not debatable.
Mr, HARRIS, of Illinois. Does the Chair hold
that the 5th' rule applies to a question of this sort
—to all questions that may be presented to the
House ? ' .
The SPEAKER. The Chair things so.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. A question of priv-
ilege, affecting the organization of the House,
does not come under the rules that govern ordi-
nary legislation. It is a question of higher dig-
nity.
Mr. RITCHIE. If the question is to be de-
bated on one side, I shall insist on debating it on
tjh.e other.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. A question of priv-
ilege cannot be overridden and destroyed by the
general rules made to apply to the ordinary busi-
ness of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will perceive
that if the House had taken up the subject with-
out objection, it would have been perfectly com-
petent for the House to have postponed its con-
sideration; and if it be competent for the House
to relieve itself from the immediate consideration
of a question of privilege by postponement to a
day certain, or till next session, or by an indefi-
nite postponement, why may not (he House, un-
der this rule, have the privilege of saying that
they will not consider the subject ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. In the one case it
would be disposed of under the ordinary rules
of the House, and in the other case it would
not be.
Mr. STANTON. I insist that this question
shall b,e either debated or not debated. Jam not
particular which; but if debate is not in order, I
object to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair indulged gentle-
men on the right and on the left in making sug-
gestions, fur the reason that this is a new ques-
tion. The Chair does not remember to have seen
or heard the question propounded, except in one
instance during this session by a gentleman from
Ohio, since he has occupied a seat on the floor of
the House. After the question was raised by the
gentleman from Ohio, the Chair made some ex-
amination, and was not able to find any precedent
at all to govern him in reference to the interpre-
tation of tiie rules.
Mr. RITCHIE. A question of privilege super-
sedes other business for the tune being, or may
be brought before the House without a suspension
of the rules, but it does not follow that no other
business is to be done until the matter of privilege
is finally settled and determined.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and task for the yeas and nays on
the appeal.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would like
the Chair to state the point of order exactly.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Harris] rises in his seat and states that he
desires to call up a question of privilege—the Ma-
ryland contested-election case. The gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Washburn] rises and objects,
and insists that the Speaker shall propound the
interrogatory to the House provided for in the
5th rule, which is as follows:
" When any motion 01 proposition is made, the quotum.
( Will thf House now eon^der itf* shall not 'k: put unlo-s
it is demanded by some member, or is deemed necessary by
the Speaker."
The gentleman from Maine demands that the
question shall now be propounded, 44 WiH the
rlouso now consider this question r" The Chan-
is of opinion that the gentleman from Maine has
a right to demand that that question shall be pro-
pounded to the House. From this decision of the
Chair, the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton-] appeals, and the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washbvrne] moves' to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That leaves it
entirely with a majority of the House to deter-
mine whether they will now consider the question
or not. I think the decision of the Chair is poi-
fectly right, and I hope the appeal will be with-
drawn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the decision is wrong,
and I insist on the appeal.
The question was taken^an Mr. Washburne's
motion, and it was decides in the afiirraative—
yeas 124, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS'—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Andrews, Avery, Ben-
nett, Billinghurst, Bingham, Blair, Biisp, Brandt, Brayton,
Buffinton, Burlmgame, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, J3zra
Clark, Horace F. Clark, dawson, Clemens, Clark B. Coch-
rane, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Colfax, Comins, Corning,
Covotfe, Cragin, James Craig, Curtis, Davis of Maryland,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean,
Dick, Diimmck, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, English, Euslis,
Farnsworth, Fenton, Foley, Foster, Giddings,Gilman,Gil-
mer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Gregg, Grow, Robert B.
II^U, Harlan, Hawkins, HiH, Hoard, worton, Jackson, Jen-
kins, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kil-
gore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leiter, Letcher, Lovejuy,
Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Maynard, Morgan, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morris, Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse,
Mott, Niblaek, Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Potter, Pottle, Purvi
ance, Quitman, Reagan, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Rob-
erta, Royce, Ruflin, Russell, Sandidge, Scott, John Sher-
man, Judson W. Sheiman, Shorter, Sickles, Singleton,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
phens, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins,
Trippe, Wade, Walbridge, Wahon, Eliihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, White, Winslow, Wood, Woodson, and
Zollicoffer—124.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Barksdale.Bocoek,
Rowie, Boyce, Burnett, Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb,
Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davis of Mississippi, De-
wart, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Faulkner, Florence,
Gartrell, Gillis, Goode, Lawrence W. Hall, Thomas L.
Hairis, Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jewett, George W.
Jones, Kelly. Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy, Maclay, McQueen,
Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Miles, Miilson, Moore, Pen-
dleton, Peyton, VVilham W. Phelps. Savage, Scales, Henry
M. Shaw, Sfallwouii, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Tal-
bot, Miles Taylor, Wlmeley, Wortendy.ke, and John V.
Wright—56,
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Washbitrn, of Wisconsin. If he had
had a right to vote, he should have voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. NICHOLS stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Vallandigham upon all questions re-
lating to the Maryland contested-election case, or
he should have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. COX stated that, if he had been within the
bar when his name was called, he should have
voted in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. Will the House consider the
question proposed by the gentleman from Illinois ?
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the yeas and nays
on that question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have made no
motion of that sort.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
asked that the question should be piopounded.
The gentleman from Illinois pioposes to call up
the question, and the gentleman from Maine asks
that the question shall be propounded, "Will the
House now consider it?"
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I desire to make an
inquiry, which I think will show the character of
this decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
decision cannot now be debated. The House has
already disposed of it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I merely want to
say that I can call up this question again and
again, which shows the character of this decision;
and I intend to do it persistently.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Can the gen-
tleman call it up again on the same day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it arises.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that there be a call
of the House; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the negative—yeas 37, nays 139; as follows:
YE -\S—Mo'?rs. Adr.nn. Ahl, Atkins, Bowie, Boyce, Bur-
nett, Burns, Cobb. Cox, James Craig, Burton Cruise, Davis
of Mis^s&ippi. Dewait, Dunmick, Florence, Giih*. Gre<i:r,
Hawkins, Jeweu, Keliv, Jacob M. Kunkei, Maclay, Mc-
Cl'u>en, Miilson, NanclM Morris Quitman, Savage. Henry
M. Shaw, Stalhvoith, Stephens. Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art. Miles Taylor, White, Winslow, Wottendvke, and John
V.
NAYS—Me^rs. Abbott, Andrews. Arnold, Ba'rksdUe,
Bennett, BiAinghur-t. Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Bocock,
Branch, Bray'on, Bryan, Buifinton,Burlmgame, Burroughs,
Casc,C<nku . Cuvanangh, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Cl:u"k^
Hoiace F. Claik. John B. Clark, dawson, Clay, Clark B.
Cochrane, John Cochiane,Copkenll, Colfax, Comins, Coin-
ing, Covode, Cragin, Ciavvt'oid, Curry, Curtis, Davis 0£
Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis
of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, £d-
mundson, Elliott, English, Eustis, Farnsworth, Faulkner,
Fenton, Foley, Foster, Garnett, Gartrell, Giddings, Gilman,
Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Lawrence W.
Hall, Robert 13. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Hill,
Hoard, Hopkins, Horton, Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jack-
son, Jenkfns, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen
Jones, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel,
Leiter, Letcher, L'ovejoy, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason,
Mattesoti, Maynard, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy
Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Niblaek,
Oiin, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Peyton, Pottle, Reagan,
Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Royce, Ruffin, Russell,
Sandidge, Scales, Searing,- John Sherman, Judson W.
Sherman, Sickles, Singleton, William Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor, Thayer,
Tompkins, Trippe, Underwood, Wade, Walbridge, Wal-
ton, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wood, and
Zollicoffer—139.
So the House refused to order a call.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No,. 619) for the relief of John
Sawyer, a soldier of the war of .the Revolution;
An act (H. R. No. 538) for the relief of settlers
on certain lands in the State oX Illinois; and
An act (H. R. No. 399) for the relief ofcertain
purchasers of lands within the limits of the Choc-
taw cession of 1830;
When the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FRO^I THE SENATE. 4
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Dickins,their Secretary,informing the House
that the Senate insistupon their amendments dis-
agreed to by this House to the bill of the House
(No. 558) making appropriations for the trans-
portation of the United States mail by ocean
steamers, and otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1859, ask a conference
with this House ori the said disagreeing votes,
and have appointed Mr. Yulee, Mr. Seward,
and Mr. Clay, the committee on their part.
Also, that the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of this House to the forty-first amendment
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 243)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1-859, insist
on their amendments disagreed to by the House
to the said bill, ask a conference upon the said dis-
agreeing votes, and have appointed Mr. Dams,
Mr. Collamkr, and Mr. Slidell, the committee
on their part.
Also, that the Senate disagrees to the amend-
ment of this House to the thirtieth amendment
: of the House bill (No. 557) making supplemental
, appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
I penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
|! treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30, 1859, insist on their
amendments disagreed to by the House to the said
bill, ask a conference with the House upon the
said disagreeing votes, and have appointed Mr.
Bright, Mr. Stuart, and Mr. Sebastian, the
committee on their part.
Also, that the Senate disagrees to th%e amend-
mentof this House to the fourteenth amendment
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 199)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1859, insist
upon theiramendmentsdisagreed to by the House
to the said bill, ask a conference with the House
upon the said disagreeing votes, and have ap-
pointed Mr. Pearce, Mr. Mallory, and Mr.
Foot, the committee on their pait.
MARYLAND CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
The question recuned, " Will the House now
consider the report of the Committee of Elections
with reference to the Maryland contested elec-
tion r"
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 87, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Arnold, Aikm*, Avoiy,
Baiksdale, Bowie, Boyce, Bianeb, Burnett, Bums, Ca-kie,
Cavanau«h, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, John Coeluaiie,
Cockerill, Corning. Cox, James Craig, Burton Crai<:>'.C!.uv-
ford. Curry, Davi* of Mississippi, Devvart, Dminuek. Dow-
dell, Edmundson, English, Faulkner, Florence, Foley, t* art-
rell, Giius, Gregg, Lawrence W. Hall, Thorns L. flairs,
Hawknis. Hopkins, Houston, Hughe*, Huyler, Ja« kson,
Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jone.*, Owen Jones,
Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, Landy, Leidy, Letchd. Maehu,
McKibbm, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Mat on. Miles,
Miilson, Moore. Niblaek, Pendleton, William W. Phelps,
Powell, Iteiily, iluriin, Russell, Sandidae, Savage. Scales,
Scott, Searing, Hemy M. Shaw, Singleton, William Smith,
I Stallworth, Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Tal-
