1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85|
partake of this triumph; and it was not strange
that, denounced as he had been in the South for
the utterance of similar sentiments in his Nichol-
son letter, he should seize the opportunity pre-
sented by the debate on the Nebraska bill to tell
us of his perseverance, and exult over his success.
He said:
"These hills organizing governments for Nebraska and
Kansas grant full legislative power to these Teriitoiies over
all questions of human concern, including slavery^ unless
regained by theConstitutionofthe United States.'' * *
"Tin** doctune of the right of tho, people to legislate for
themselves, was. what more than any other, provoked de-
nunciation. it was pronounced by Mr. Calhoun to he the
most tnonstious doc time ever advdnceg by any American
statesman
" Another able and eminent southern Senator considered
my opinions so extreme on this point that he said J was the
ouJv man who enteitained them in tlu>Chambeij or almo.-t
beyond it; arid in the eompiomis" committee of thirteen it
met with little favor, though zealously uiged.'' * v
1 am gratified at this occasion of tendering justice to the
consistent courto of the Senatoi from Illinois. [Mr. Doug-
las,] upon this momentous topic. He was lound on the
right side, and his opinions were expressed with equal firm-
ness and clearness. ' I have always held,' he said, ' that
the people have a right to settle these questions as they
choose, not only when they come into the Union as a State",
but that they should he permuted to do so while a Terri-
tory,' "—February, 1854.
Sir, if I, too, did not yield to the influences which
produced such changes in the minds of those
whose authority I have been accustomed to re-
spect, it may be only an argument- of my own
insensibility. I do not question the sincerity with
which they were submitted to by others. All that
I say is, that I simply retained the views which,
before that time, we seemed to hold m common.
If, considering the force of the mighty wave which
then swept over us, I may feel surprise at my
own steadfastness, I yet feel no regret. I rejoice,
indeed, at the course 1 pursued; while I acknowl-
edge the pain with which 1 differed from so many
of the representatives of the South.
It may be that, in my humble position, over-
shadowed by loftier intelligences, the light of tins
doctrine, so lately risen above the horizon, has
not yet reached me. But I protest against the
attempt to take from Congress its proper control
of the Territories of the United States. Call it
by what name you will, territorial sovereignty,
popular sovereignty, or squatter sovereignty, I
oppose and resist it. What belongs to all the
States cannot be withdrawn from their manage-
ment by any body of emigrants who may go from
any of them. Territory may be acquired by the
Union for high purposes of State. The general
welfare may demand that it be reserved for uses
wholly different from those to which the inhabit-
ants might wish to apply it. Must the national
will be defeated? Must the public interest, and, it
may be, the public safety yield to the caprice or
selfishness of those who can claim no other right
to govern us than that we have suffered them to
dwell upon our lands? No, sir. It is both the
right and the duty of the States, acting, as they
can only act, through their representatives in Con-
gress, to restrain and govern them. We may con-
cede to them some of the powers of government,
and allow them to provide for their own welfare.
But they take them only as a grant from Congress.
They can do nothing which we are not authorized
to do; and it is not always fit that thty should be
allowed to do what the Constitution may not re-
strain them from doing. We cannot tell what sort
of people may inhabit these Territories. Bad men
may pass laws to give a sanction to their own vices;
and depraved women may call theirwickedness re-
ligion. Licentiousness the mostdisgusting, blas-
phemy the most daring, crime themostatrocious,
may impudently demand to be tolerated and pro-
tected as established domestic institutions. What
are we to do in this case? Must we regard these
evil-doers as separately possessed of his distribu-
tive share of the general sovereignty, and there-
fore free to do as he pleases ? Mus't we let the rep-
utation of our country be tarnished m the sight
of the world? Must we become a byword and a
reproach among the nations? No, sir; we should,
at once, exert our authority and apply the cor-
rection. This is the principle which has al-
ways been acted upon. In every act establish-
ing a territorial government it is expressly
provided that the laws of the Territorial Legis-
lature shall be submitted to Congress for revis-
ion, and if disapproved, shall be null and void.
But m the Kansas-Nebraska bill we may look
in vain for such a clause. It might once have
been seen there, but, on the motion of Mr. Doug-
las, it was stricken out. When these Territories
were authorized to form and regulate their do-
mestic institutions in their own way, it was doubt-
less very consistent that they should be relieved
of their subjection to Congress, and made " sub-
ject only to the Constitution of the United States.
Having considered, Mr. Chairman, and at
greater length than I intended, the character and
consequences of the first of the two conditions
upon which Congress consented to annul the Mis-
souri compromise, I propose to notice, more
briefly, I hope, the other condition, the objections
to which belong more particularly to the South.
1 refer, of course, to what is commonly known as
the Badger proviso. It provides—
"That nothing heiein contained shall he eonsnued to
revive, or put m force, any law oi iegu!ation which may
have existed puor to the act of 6th of Match, 1WU, either
protecting, establishing, piohibitmg, or aboh-lmig slavery."
The effect of this provision I discussed, at some
length, before the passage of the Nebraska bill,
and I do not intend to repeat the arguments which
Lthen used. But the late decision of the Supreme
Court, m the case of Dred Scott, has given a point
and significance to my objections, which they
were not admitted to have before; and I wish to
view this proviso in the light of that decision.
The territory ceded to the United States by
France, in 1803, was, afe we all know, a siavehold-
ing country throughout its whole extent. The
institution of domestic slavery was recognized
and established by law before we acquired it. It
was confirmed and sanctioned by the treaty with
France, at the moment we acquired it, and was
protected by several congressional and territorial
enactments afterwards. It would have continued
a slaveholding country to tins hour—a country in
which shivery orinvoluntary sei vitude was a fixed
and legal relation between persons—but for the
passage of the act of the 6th of Mai eh, 1820, known
as the Missouri compromise, by which it was
enacted that in so much of it as lay north of 3(P
30'. slavery and involuntary servitude should be
forever prohibited.
This simple prohibition is all that Congress then
thought it necessary to do to exclude slavery from
that country. It is all that was ever done until
the passage of the Nebraska bill. If, then, sla-
very was ever abolished there, it was by that act
1 of 1820, and nothing else. If it was not, and could
; not be, rightfully and constitutionally abolished
■ by that act, then it never was abohshe'd at all; for
, that was the only act which undertook to pro-
' lliblt it.
i Now, sir, the Supreme Court of the United
! States has lately decided that the prohibition in
| thatact was unconstitutional, and utterly null and
| void; that it was wholly nugatory, and without
i any valid force or effect. This being so, the ter-
| ruory continued to be a slaveholding count ly; sla-
: very, or mvoluntai y servitude, continued to be
| an established and le^al relation between persons;
[ and would have so continued to this day, but for
J the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill m 1854.
I If the Nebraska hill had never passed, then, as
! soon as the judgment of the Supreme Court was
] made known, Updating null and void the Mis-
^ souricompromise, which was the only impediment
I that had ever been thrown m the way of the slave-
j holder, the right to hold slaves would have been
J secured by existing laws to the same extent pre-
j cisely as before the passage of that act. Rat the
Nebraska bill undertakes to annul those laws, by
| providing, m the language I have just quoted, that
J tbeyshali not be revived or putin force. In other
' words, the effect of the judgment of the Supreme
' Court was to annul the Missouri prohibition ab-
, solutely, and without any conditions; while the
Nebraska bill imposes upon the South very hard
; and unfavorable conditions. And yet this bill has
been supposed to flatter southern opinion and ad-
| vance southern interest.
I Why, sir, now that the Supreme Court has dc-
j cidcd the Missouri compromise to be unconstitu-
; tional, their decision is of no practical value to us
! whatever. If we go to Nebraska and sayhere,
: under the judgment of the Supreme Court, may
i we hold our slaves in security and find adequate
' laws for our protection;" we shall be told, " soft-
L ly, gentlemen; it is true that that judgment has
i annulled the original prohibition winch legislated
! slavery out of the Territory; but you for&et that
' your own Nebraska bill expressly declares that
it was not your intention to legislate slavery back
again into the Territory. You forget that your
own Nebraska bill, to put that intent beyond all
doubt, prevents the revival or putting in force of
those very laws whose protection you arenOw
counting upon. You forget that your own Ne-
braska bill leaves it to us, the inhabitants of the
Territory, to say whether those laws, or any other
laws, for your protection, shall be revived or put
in force; and we have not thought it proper to
revive them, or put them in force. We shall let
them sleep on."
If we go to Kansas we shall find that there—
yes, there, after a fierce and desperate struggle,
involving the most deplorable sacrifice of prop-
erty and life,estranging the people, and threaten-
ing even the destruction of the Union—we have
succeeded in getting back to the position which
we voluntarily abandoned a short time before;
but only to find ourselves surrounded with such
circumstances of embarrassment, uncertainty, and
danger, that our very victory has almost undone
us.
Gentlemen may tell me, as some gentlemen have
told me, " how could we know that the Supreme
Court would decide the Missouri compromise to
be unconstitutional?" Gentlemen may tell me
that I am attempting to justify my vote against the
Nebraska bill by relying upon events which had
not then happened, which were not then known,
and which could not be then foreseen. I know,
sir, that it is no uncommon thing to excuse a false
step in statesmanship by seizing upon an unex-
pected accident which converts the blunder into a
happy stroke of policy. But, fortunately, I am
enabled to show that it was not the decision of
the Supreme Court which first suggested to me
tho$e objections to the Nebraska bill which I am
now presenting; that these very objectionsformed
a pai t of the considerations which influenced my
course; and that they were, in public and open
debate, communicated to the House. On the 10th
day of May, 1854, the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Seward,] now before me, in the course of
a very candid speech upon the bill, in which,
while he pointed out with great clearness and force
many objections to it, yet declared his purpose
to vote for it, made this request of me:
" I a«k the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. IVJit.lson,] who
spoke the other day m opposition to this bill, to tell me, and
tell the committee, how the passage of this bill could work
an injury to the South'
Mr. Millson. Does the gentleman wish a reply?
" Mr. sSkward. 1 do.
"Mi. jMillssOn. As the gentleftian desires that I should
reply to Jus inquiries, I will, wnli pleasuie, accede to his
request; of cowse, 1 can now say but a few woids. In the
rematks to which the gentleman alludes, 1 commenced by
showing that the South had always been in opposition to
the organization of a goveutmentm Nebraska. 3 explained,
to some extent, the reason* which had induced southern
gentlemen to oppose the establishment of a territorial gov-
ernment liieie. 1 then stated thatinduccments were found
necessaiy to be held out to us to overcame these objections.
It was {supposed that a repeal of the Missouri compromise
would remove them. I undertook to examine into the real
weight and value of the inducement? held out. My purpose
was to show that, under the operation of the Badger pio
viso, the seeming repeal of the Missouri compromise would
be nullified, and that the restriction would still be in opei -
auon. And now i will state how, as J understand it, the
Pouth will be injured by the passage of this bill with that
pioviso. to a gieater extent than by the continuance of the
Mn&ouu comptomise itself.
" Mi. Seward. That i^ what 1 want to know.
"Mi Mii.t,ron\ I will tHl the gentleman. The Missouri
compromise simply prohihi fed si avery in the territory north
of 36° 3U', but did not undertake to repeal any law, either
of Congress or of tho Teiritonal Legislature, by which sJa-
veiy had, before that time, been protected there.
" Now, sir, if this Missouri compromise act should be de-
clared to be unconstitutional, as many gentlemen maintain
it i-~, then these laws protecting slavery would immediately
he put m force again, because nothing notv interferes wiin
them but a law which, by the supposition, is unconstitu
tional and void. But the B&dger pioviso, in effect, keep*
up the Missouri restriction, and repeals the preexisting law s
bv which slavervwas protected m that terntoiy, by piovjd-
iiiw that ihcy shall rmt be put in foice. Whatever may be
thought of (he constitutionality of the Missouri compiornibe
act, no one can doubt the constitutionality of the Badger
proviso, to the extent of its application to the legislation of
Coivress. and the tern tonal government. No man can doubt
that''Congress have the power of repealing laws already
made by themselves, or by their authority. In this state of
the case, therefore, ihc Missouri eompionnse, if declared
unconstitutional, would leave the laws protecting slavery
m full force, white the Badger proviso would repeal those
law®, and therefoie operate more injuriously to the South."
Sir, is it not strange that the advocates of the
jNehiaska bill, who excuse all that is unconstitu-
tional in their own measure, by saying it was
intended to refer it to the decision of the courts,
should not have seen that the easiest way of set-
