THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY
JOHN C.
RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JUNE 12, 1858.
bot, Milc.s Taylor, White, Whiteley, Winslow. Worten- i
dyke, and John V. Wright—87. |
N A YS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst, '
Bingham, Blair, Bhss, Brayton, Buffinton, Burlmgame !
Bui roughs, Ca^e, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Hoiace |
r. Clark, dawson, Clemens, Clark B. Cochrane, Co'iax, '
Coimns, Covude, Cra<:m, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis '
oflnrhana, Davis, of Ma-sacliiibetts. Davis of Iowa, Dawes, -
Dean, Dick, Dodd. Durlee, Edie, Eusus, Farnsworth, Fen- :
ton, Fo-ter, Giddmgs. Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, |
Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Hailan, EFaskm, Hill, 1
Iloaiii, florton, Kellogg, Kel^ev, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. ■
Kunkei, Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Marshall. Matteson, :
Maynard, Morgan, Morrill, Edwaid Jov Morris, Freeman
H Mor-se, Oliver A. Morse, Moti, Olin, Palmer, Parker, J
Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Quitman, Ricaud. Ritchie, Rob-
bin*, Robert-, Royce, John Shennan, Jud>on W. Sherman, ,
Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, :
Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Trippe, Underwood, Wade, !
Walbridgu, Walton, Eihliu B. Wa-hburne, Israel Wash- !
burn, Woodson, and Zolhcoffer—97. j
So the House decided not to consider the ques- ;
tion now. '
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COLFAX stated that Mr. Wilson had ,
paired off upon this question with Mr. Lamar, j
Mr. GARTRELL stated that Mr. Wright, of
Georgia, had paired off with Mr. Walde-ON. j
Mr. DAVIDSON stated that he had paired off j
"With Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin. !
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous conscnt |j
of tfie House that the Committee of the Whole "
House be discharged from the further considera- ■
tion of House bill No. 234. , j
_ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques- |
tion of privilege. I move that the House proceed
to the consideration of the Maiyland contested* |!
New Series....No. 186.
Pendleton, Peyton, John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps,
Phillips Powell, Quitman, Reagan, Ruffin, Russell, San-
did«e, Savage, Scaies, MeniyM Shaw, John Sherman,
Shorter, Singleton, William Smith. Staliworth, Stanton,
Stephens. Stevenson, James a. Stewan, Talbot,-Miles
Taylor, Wade, White, Winslow, John V. Wright, and Zol-
hcoffer—77.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.)
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CASE stated that his colleague, Mr. Kil-
gore, being unwell, was compelled to leave the
Hall, and-that he had paired off with Mr. Wright,
of Tennessee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, said: Mr. Speaker,
as there is no time to'consider the bill now, I vote
il no."
The vote was then announced to the House as
above reported.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES took the floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I rise to a question
of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has recognized
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I so heard. I claim
the floor on a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has the right to be heaid; and then,
if the gentleman from Illinois has a question
of superior privilege, the Chair will recognize
him.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that the Senate amend-
ments to the Army appropriation bill, the Navy
electioncnse. ^ , \ appropriation bill,'the mail steamer bill, and the
Tin* SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain j! supplemental Indian appropriation bill, fee taken
the motion, no business having intervened since !j up; that the rcquesis of the Senate for conferences
that question was disposed of.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to ask
the unanimous consent of the House to take
up and act on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses 
Air. GROW. I object. If the Administration
want to defeat the appi opriation bills by their pro-
ceeding now let them do it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. We can remain
here quite as long as the gentleman.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. FENTON. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to discharge the Commit-
tee of the Wholj House from the further consid-
eration of Mouse bill (No.234) to provide for the
settlement of the claims of the officers and soldiers
of the revolutionary army, and of the widows and
children of those who ditd m the service.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object; and de-
mand the t>gular order of business.
Mr. FENTON. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. STANTON. There are five or ten mil-
lions in that biii, and I think we had better have
the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 85, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS — Abbott, Adram, Andrews, Bennett,
Bingham, Plan, Bowie, Biavton, Bnrfintoii. Binhn ame,
Cu-e, C.i-kie, C.n-aiicius'i. CliafiVe, E/,ra Clark. Jolia 13.
Cl;>i k. Claw -on, Clay. Uaik B Cochr me, John Cochrane,
Coltaw Coming, Coiiunj;, Covode, Cox. Csntis Davi?. 01
Mri-MiduiM'tts Davi? of low a, Dawe-. Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Dm Edimmd-on, Fa rn-worth, Fen ton, Foster, G'<1-
dniL'-, g1u1-, Giitnaiu Giimei, Good], Goodwin, Giani'r,
Robert Li- Hall, Hatch, Ihnid, floiton, Keiloyg, Kei>cv,
Ku.ipp. Laud\, Leun, Lo\ep>y, M,icl.i\, llumpl
upon the disagieeing votes of the two Houses be
agreed to; and that the Speaker appoint the man-
agers on the part of the Home.
Mr. CLEMENS. If nobody else will object to
these usurpations of power on the part of the Sen-
ate, and the concentration of power m the com-
mittee of conference, I will.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended for the purpose I have indi-
cated.
The rules were suspended: and the motion of
Mr. J. Glancy Jones was agreed to.
The SPEA KER appomcd the folio wing as the
several committees of conference on the part of
the House on the bills indicated:
On the ocean mail steamer appropriation bill,
Mr. Jones of Tennessee, Mr. Marshall of Ken-
tucky, and Mr. English.
On the Army appropriation bill, Mr. Q/jitman,
Mr. Crawford, and Mr. Stanton.
On the supplemental Indian appropriation bill,
Mr. Housrov, Mr. Clay, and Mr. Leiter.
On the Navy approptlation bill, Mr. Bogock,
Mr. Kelly, and Air. Morse of Alamo.
MARYLAND CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I ask that the House
proceed with the consideration of the Marviand
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have not yielded
the floor for that purpose.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to debate the
question myself, as I remarked before, nor do I
know what gentleman on this side of the House
does desire to debate it. I desire that the sitting
member shall have full opportunity to be heard;
and I think that a few hours will be sufficient
to dispose of the question. In the time which has
already been uselessly consumed, if devoted to
the subject-matter of the report, we might now
have been ready to vote. I hope the question
will be disposed of now; and if it be the wish of
the House that it shall pass from the considera-
^ tion of the House at this session, let them say so
| on the record.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me a moment?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, twill.
Air. STEWART, of Maryland. I desire to
say to the House, that so far as we understand
this question in the State of Maryland, it is de-
sirable for all parties that it should be disposed of.
It has been here since the commencement of the
session.
Mi. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Is debate
in order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see any
reason why it is not debatable?
Air. DA VIS, of Maryland. What is the ques-
tion befoie the House ?
The SPEAKER. The Maryland contested-
election case. *
Air. STANTON. I did not know that that
question was before us. I raise the point that we
j have decided this morning that we would not now
■ consider this question. Now means to-day, and I
; would put it to the Chair whether, under the cir-
i cumstances, this question can come up at this
i time ?
i The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
gentleman from Illinois had the right to renew the
I, motion justas he could renew a motion to adjourn,
; or that there be a call of the House. If the gen-
j| tleman from Ohio has any authority on the point
j he makes, the Chair would be glad to see it.
| Air. STANTON. It is not a debatable ques-
i tion; and, if I had authority, I would not be ai-
; lowed to vsubmit it. I presume that, when the
: House refuses to consider a question now, that,
! as a matter of course, it goes over until to-mor-
S row. That was the old construction of the effect
| of refusing to order the previous question. I think
j that it will be found in all parliamentary prece-
I dents, when the House refuses to consider a ques-
] tion now, that it operates as a postponement for a
i day.
j The SPEAKER. There is a class of questions
I which has that effect, but they are specifically set
: forth in the rules. The Chair finds no authority
i winch precludes the gentleman from renewing his
proposition.
i Air. GROW. I hope, by general consent, the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana will be
, Li
tdiall, MattCfO'i. Ma;
M-mm-. Fireman H
P.ilmci. P:i! krt, Pot
W
Mar- :
nd, Mo'ua'i, Momll, Edwaid Joy ,
Moi-e, Ouvei A. Moi-e. Mott, Oinu ■
cr, Potilo, !>\)blun*, Robeit-j, JinNon 1
. William Stow.ait, Tappan. Touip- ■
km-. Tuppr, r.uierwood. Walhndife, Walton, Ellilni B.
Wa-hbmuu, l>tad Wa-hbuin, Wood, and Worteiui} ke— 1
X VYf^— Ahl, Arkm*. Avery, Barksdal", Bh^, ,
Pot Branch, ilunu n, Hoiace F. Clatk. Clemen^, Cobb,
('oi-k<iiil. j.unc- Trans. Bus ton Ciai«e, Crawfoid, Cuny,
Da\i- 111 Indiana, Davi- of .Mi--l-.-jppi, D«'\vart. Dmimick,
Dnwdcll. Ful<'\, Gaiuell. Haihin, Thomas 1/
11 :ii11(I'll. IIi>nkm-. liou-ton. Huvlei, Jack-on. ett,
W Jtfii.-. .1 Glancv Jo'ic-, Owen Joue^, Kcitt, ■
Kc.i\ . «' aJi'M'I. L« uei.McKibbm, McCiucen, Sa.n- ,
ucl S Ma..-h ill, M.imui, Mile-, MiiUou, Mooie, NiL'kick. |
contested-election case of Whyte vs. H.trns. I .. entertained, and that we will takea vote upon it. If
will say that I do not propose, if the question js ; this debate is entered upon, of course we shall
taken up, to debate it to any extent: but if ^<m- ; be occupied with it for the remainder of the ses-
tlemen on the other side desire to debate ;t, 1 am j sion.
willing that they should have an oppot tunny to j Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I was but making a
do so. We might have ssid o\\ that was neces- J statement which I wish to be heard by the House,
sary to be said in this case, and been ready for : So far as the committee are concerned, they are
the vote in the time we have uselessly consumed ' perfectly willing that the case shall go _to the
this morning. I want the question decided, and ,j House upon the report and testimony which has
I want it decided now, as the House is fuller than 11 been printed and laid upon the desks of members
it was before, and I will be content with the de- for some time. If it is necessary, in closing the
cision of the House whatever it may be. But, | debate, to discuss the question, but a very brier
sir, I am not wiliing to let the question pass away , j time, I am sure, would be occupied for that pur-
with what has been done tins morning. ■' pose. But, in opening the case it is proposed
Air. DAVIS, of Indiana. With the^permission I by no member of the majority of the committee,
of the gentleman I will say a word. I see a sting- | noi any membei upon this side of the House, so
gle commencing which will consume the entire far as I know, to occupy any time. When it
day; and, for the purpose of testing the feeling of
the House on this question, if it be in order, I
comes up, it must be decided upon the evidence
which has been presented. Time enough has been
will move that the further consideration of this afforded to weigh that evidence, and determine
question be postponed till th-second Tuesday of ' how members will be governed b^ it.
December next.
I make this statement because I am sure that
186
