1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ible with its running parallel with " the existing
government prescribed and recognized by Con-
gress;" but to adhere to it with such tftreason-
able pertinacity!" brings it into " direct opposi-
tion "to it. Buttchat government has " Congress
prescribed" for Kansas? I had thought that
under the new, improved patent for governing the
territories, they ^the Territories) " were to be.
left perfectly free to form their own institutions;"
that Congress had no prescriptions to make, and
if they did, the patient was under no obligations
to swallow them. So that these men are stand-
ing upon their reserved rights and the " organic
law." They have simply taken the Government
at its own words, and proceeded to <f form their
own institutions in their own way," and not in
the way of any other men, or body of men. But
the President argues in his message that their way
is " illegal," " revolutionary," "rebellious," and
"treasonable." I answer, if the people of th*e
Territories are to be left11 perfectly free," whose
office is it to interfere to prevent them from exer-
cising thatperfect freedom.'" Such interference
is a violation of the spirit and letter of the Kan-
sas act, that was passed as a great " pacificatory
measure,w that was to bring peace to a distracted
country ! that was to be the harbinger of good will
throughout the Republic ! the angel of that polit-
ical millennium that would bring healing upon his
wings ! And he who should intervene to arrest or
disconcert the people in their freedom in " adjust-
ing their institutions in their own way," would
be held justly responsible for all the discord and
ill feeling that might follow by that great party of
patriots, sometimes known as the African De-
mocracy of the country.
Sir, 1 am aware thar the gentleman from Indi-
ana, the other day, filed a caveat, on the principle
of popular sovereignly—or upon his " improve-
ment," and I hardly know which. The improve-
ment, if that is what is intended, the committee
will recollect, was, that the people of his State did
not understand popular sovereignty till after the
last presidential election. I question whether
this is patentable, for I doubt both its novelty and
utility; and I think he might have saved himself
all trouble in the premises, so far as this side of the
House is concerned, for I know of no one here
who has any ambition to be the champion of such
a monstrosity as this popular sovereignty has
shown itself to be, as defined and illustrated by
the Democratic party for the last four years. No,
sir, we arc none of us, I trust, " ambitious fur
ridicule," none of us ''absolutely candidates for
disgrace," as wo should most assuredly attain,
were we to attempt the championship of this
hybrid. No, sir: hut we propose to hold you to the
letter and spirit of the bond. Give to these people
what you promised, for the contract canceled in
which they were to be benefited. "Give them the
bond."
But, Mr. Chairman, the whole argument of the
message seeks to establish the wickedness of the
people of Kansas in resisting the usuipers of her
government; but it attributes their wronghoaded-
itess to their devotion to the Topeka constitution,
and not to a fixed and settled determination not
to submit to be ruled by a foreign, invading force.
This drift of the message is easily accounted for
by the fact that its author was ignorant of the
history of events in the Territory prior to the
Topeka convention. Had he been as well versed
in that history as the members of this House, he
would never have fallen into this "^utve error;"
but he-would have seen in their action much to
admire, and less to condemn. It has been sug-
gested, by one who believes in '' compromises,"
that the statute of limitation should, by common
consent, be allowed-^to expire on the President's
lecollection of facts prior to the Topeka conven-
tion. But the President's remedy for the exist-
ing difficulties is not only a remedy, but a pun-
ishment, upon these oiFending citizens of Kansas;
and, sir, I respectfully suggest that the punishment
is \astly dispropoitionate to the crime alleged.
To force upon an unwilling and patriotic people
a constitution that they loathe and abhor in all its
details, for the crime of loving another as much
as they loathe this, is cruelty, is tyranny, is des-
potism.
Sir,the President does not seem to realize that
he charges a whole people with crime, if it be true
that the people of Kansas are rebels against the
Constitution and laws of th°. United States, why
has he not crushed it out ? Has it been for want
of a disposition ? He has certainly shown a zeal
worthy of a better cause, in sustaining the gov-
ernment of the usurpers. Has it been for want
of means? He tells you himself that he has de-
tained the United States troops in Kansas, as a
posse comitatus, to put down rebellion, and we all
know he has exposed a small number of the
bravest men that ever bore arms to the frosts and
famine of a Rocky Mountain winter, as well as
to annihilation by the Mormons of Utah. He has
not attempted it simply because lje could find no
circumstance upon which to hang a specious jus*
tification of such action. Why docs not the Pres-
ident bring them to trial for their treason? Sir, I
am here reminded of a passage which occurs in
the speech of Burke on the conciliation of the col-
onics,'delivered in the British House of Com-
mons, March 22,1775. George ill. made sub-
stantially the same complaint against the people
of the colonies that the President now makes
against the people of Kansas. One of the modes
proposed by the Ministry, in the name of the
King, to dispose of this spirit of rebellion, was, to
j| prosecute it in its overt acts, as criminal. In an-
ti swer to this proposition, Mr. Burke said:
|j Ar this proportion I mii't pau<e a moment The thing j
I; ?ecm-act eat deal too bis ioi my ideas o{ jut imprudence. I ;
h -hould r-ecijj. to mv conceiving of such matters, that there i
| ir  a veiy wrie deference hi reason and policy, between the !
;• mode of proceeding on the irregular conduct of scattered i
!{ individuals, or even of b<ind< or men, wiio disturb from j
I: time to time the State, ami the civil distentions? which may, i
|j from tune to tune, on great questions, agitate the several >
;{ communing whv h compose a meat empire. It looks to !
me to be narrow ami pedantic to apply the orchnaiy ideas 1
| of eiiminal pi^nco to fins meat confer. 1 do not know the I
i method or drawing up an indictment against a whole people. I
j I cannot inMilt arid i idicule a whole people. Tarn not npe i
! to pa-* sentence on the giaver-f public bodies inn u-ted with i
I inagi^tiai'ies of meat authonty and digtulv, and charged ■
i with the safety of then ieliow citizens upon the same title |
■ that 1 am. 1 teallv think that for \\ ise men toi- i-j not iiidi- 1
! cmu-i; for bohoi nvn. not dueent; f*Ji minds tiuetuied with j
' humanity, not mild and meiciful.'' , '
i Sir, I commend these views, so sound, so just,
| so patriotic, so statesmanlike, to the Piesulent
I and his advisers; to the great party with a hitherto^
j invincible name, I commend these sentiments,and
| I warn them not to push these people till endur-
| ance shall cease to be a virtue. The people of
I Kansas are called rebels and traitors by those hi h
j in authonty, with a reaui i^ss that seems toai^ue 1
i but slight obliquity of political action. Bo were ,
! the men of the colonial period, and they wore ,
; jutemoted to be dragooned into submi^ir>n. On
the ]sr of October, 17fi8,two regiments of British ,
j regulars were landed in Boston: to d > what? To
! protect the royal Governor, to aid him m exe- ;
] cuting the laws. For two years, now, the rrg- i
I ulars of the United States have been in Kansas to
j protect—not ft royal Governor, but a presidential j
' Governor; toaid himinexocutingthelaws. What I
! laws? in the first instance, tin; lawsfoiced upon i
; the colonies, against their consent, and witnout ,
| their representation, in the la«t laws passed by
' a usurping Legislature, elected by fictud and vio- ]
lence, and m which the people of the Territory :
were not represented.
Sir, the people of Kansas are termed a lawless, :
and order-hating people, because they refuse sub- ,
mission to the government of a foreign invader;
but, to me, their quiet, tueirpatiencc, their hoping
on and hoping still, amid all their discourage-
mentsjare amazing. There is but a single instance
| in our country's history that affords a paiallel,and
! that instance is found in the paticncc, endurance,
fortitude, and indomitable courage, of the people
of Boston, from the landing of the British sol-
diery in her streets to the firing of the first gun
that ushered in the morning of the Revolution.
The people of Kansas can well afford to be both i
lj patient and long-suffering in the cause of great
jj constitutional and inalienable rights; for their ,
11 fathers have covered their names with immortal ;
'I glory in the same.cause; and it is but right and
: natural that thechildren should imitate the parents j
and share their glory. 1
Sir, the national Administration has at rayed ,
itself against the people,and with their invaders, :
usurpers, and tyrants. Against a people always ,
patient, patriotic, and peaceful; and with their ;
invaders always rapacious, domineering, and in- :
solent. Not only has the Chief of thisnational i
Administration taken this ground in his recent ■
message, but practically in his appointments to j
territo'i idl offi, :es. What imn, sympathizing with 1
the great mass of the citizens of Kansas, has ever
received a commission at the hands of the Exec-
utive? Not one. What penally has oeen "meted
out to the invaders of their soil, and that great pal-
ladium of popular liberty, the ballot-box? They,
sir, have been the recipients of Executive favor
and patronage! Their usurped authority and
power have been confirmed by the Executive edict,
enforced by the cannon and bayonets of the Fed-
eral troops: all this has been done on the soil yet
wet with the blood of the-martyrs of the Revolu-
tion—on the only soil consecrated to popular lib-
erty, and sealed by the death of its heroes. And,
sir, the President fully indorses fend defends the
shameless frauds against the people, by promptly
discharging from office the men who expose them.
In a controversy of this character—involving,
as it does, ail that honest liberty-loving men hold
dear—I plant myself on the side of the people,
and join them in their " holy war" against this
giant iniquity, against this high-handed-wrong;
on the side of a whole people; a people of free white
men, highly intelligent, cultivated, and patriotic,
going from all the States of the Union to plant the
institutions of peace for themselves and their chil-
dren, and desiring only to be secured in the simple
enjoyments of peace and tranquillity in their do-
mestic pursuits. With these people I clioose to
cast my lot. I know that against me and them
is arrayed the colossal power of the State; but I
also know that had not the Chief of the Adminis-
tration been smitten with a judicial blindness, this
could not have occurred.
To propitiate the genius of slavery propagand-
ism, the Government-is now engaged in the hope-
less and fruitless effort, not alone to fasten slavery
upon an unwilling people, but in accomplishing
this to strike out the very foundation stones from-
the edifice of republican liberty.
Sir, what is the President's argument upon
which he relies, to meet and silence the actual
cxistinfc facts, as touching the will of the people -
of the Territory; the rot tuns of elections, and these
rc/wrns made by whom? by whom? I ask you, sir,
do you believe one word of their report ? do they
not stand before you perjured in the foulest man-
ner? does the civilized world credit for a moment
the atrociously fraudulent returns made by these
men ? Does the President believe it? Nay, sir,
I will not do him this injustice; And yet upon
these election returns he .relies for a justification of
the great wrong he is now pressing upon this
House to consummate against this people. Nay,
he is not even content with this, but demands that
the people shall be made slaves, to it and b>i it; and
sorry am I to say it, but it appears tome that his
partisans in this House, are only too anxiousUo
second the demand, and carry out the high be-
hests of the President. Sir, the President knows—
none better tliun he—that this whole base progeny
was conceived in fraud and unscrupulous violence;
that being shupen in sin, and brought forth in
iniquity, the child justifies its parentage, though
it does not justify the President in attempting to
force its paternity upon a people whose rights
have not only been violated but trampled uhder
toot by this Executive bantling.
Sir, it is not trve, as the President and his*
friends hold, that the ballot-box is more sacred
than the rights it guards; it is not true, as the
friends of the Administration would have us be-
lieve, that the formal papers, that place bad men
in ofiice—whether these papers are true or false 
whether by usurpation or by fair dealing-—are
more sacred than the dearest and most cherished
rights of man; and yet thfe President so reasons
m his message. Nay, rnoro; that obedience to
these formal papers,'whether true or false, is
" law and order;" and disobedience and opposi-
tion he characterizes as4 * rebellion "and " treason
against the Constitution and laws of the United
Slates." A whole people to rebel: against what?
Why, against themselves, the sovereigns, of
course! Nine tenths of the people guilty of trea-
son: treason against what? Why, treason against
the government, of course. What government?
Why the w-urptd government—a government of
mvrttZer? and maravulm, against which the people
have always protested, and to which they never
will yield obedience.
But, Mr. Chairman, the present aspect of the
questions before the country to-day is significant
in another point of view. The national Adimnis-
tra'ion, bv its present position, not only seeks to
A
