1858.
the congressional globe.
2968
leave that district without a Representative for
the whole Congress. Both reports show that the
contestant in this case is not entitled to the seat;
and it is not proposed to give it to him.
The SPEAKER. The merits of the question
cannot be discussed on a motion to postpone.
Mr. BUltNETT. I am not going to discuss
that question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was con-
trasting the rights of the contestant and sitting
member.
Mr. BURNETT. No, sir; the Chair misun-
derstood me. I merely mentioned the fact that
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis] had
made this argument; and I wanted then to show
that if the case was postponed until December, the
people of that district could not be represented
here for the rest of the Congress; because the right
of but one paity to the seat is involved here; and
that party is the sitting member. Now, the effect
of postponing this question is—what ? To settle
the question, so far as the district is concerned,
for the rest of the Congress. That is on the hy-
pothesis that the report of the majority of the '
committee will be adopted. If it be, it will be im- j
possible to order an election, and to hold it in time '
for the member eicct to take his seat this Con-
gress.
Several Members. Why?
Mr. BURNETT. For the simple reason that J
if it will take all the time to discuss it, that gen- j
tlemen say, it will take as much time then. I say i
that this question can be disposed of in a day. If |
you want more time to discuss it I am willing to j
hear you just as long as you want to discuss it. '
1 am not prepared to sit here and vote to post- |
pone an important question merely because we
have fixed-a day to adjourn. Besides, there is a
strong probability—though gentlemen may not
be apprised of that fact—that the session will be
prolonged, and that we will not adjourn on Mon- i
clay. With these facts before us, I ask gentle-
men how we can take action, the result of which
will be to deprive the district of representation
here, during the Congress?
Mr. KE1TT. I shall vote for the postpone-
ment, and, I think, for good and sufficient rea- !
sons. I take it> that Congress will adjourn on i
.next Monday. Assuming that, I take it that we j
must perform our public duties in correspond- '
ence to the time fixed. There are grave and del- i
icate questions growing out of this contested elec- 1
tion—questions very grave, questions of law,
questions of Constitution, questions not exclu-
sively of the power of the House, but of the
exercise of its power, asid of the most delicate
character. I am unwilling, without grave reflec-
tion, to decide on these questions. I am unwilling
to set a precedent which may be, hereafter, of
the most dangerous significance. I am unwilling j
to decide hastily on questions which may touch ;
the very structure of this body. I believe that it !
is of vastly greater importance that we should de- i
cide these questions calmly, and with full knowl- >
edge, that we should decide them after full exam- '
ination, that we should settle them with a proper
appreciation of the magnitude of their conse-
quences, than that we should act hastil-yand de-
cide finally on the rights of any contestant or
contestee. j
It is because of the importance and magnitude i
of this question; because of the vast amount of j
testimony brought within the compass of our j
decision, that I do believe that it is better for us |
to postpone this question. We may talk about |
extending this session; but it will not be extended :
on account of this question. The question with j
us is, whether or not we will postpone action on j
questions thus grave and delicate, or whether we t
wiil decide them hastily. I believe it is better we ;
should postpone the consideration of this case. 1
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have but a few |
v/oi ds to say in renly to the arguments made by the ,
gentleman from Indiana and the gentleman from ;
Sou thCarolina, in favor of the postponement of this j
question. I have been here long enough to know, !
and I knew before I came here—what, indeed, ;
every man knows—that when business is done at i
lebure, it is never done. The gentleman from
Indiana argued that members \yould take the re- 1
port home and examine it at leisure, and that, ' ■
when they come back here they will be prepared
m decide "it. I venture to say that, if that leisure
moment is waited for that is to be devoted to the
examination of this question, it will never be ex-
amined . When gentlemen take up important mat-
ters of business to dispose of at leisure, they arc
never taken up and never disposed of. This doc-
ument has been printed nearly four months. It
was presented here on the 25th of February, and
ordered to be printed; and if gentlemen have not
read it, it is their own fault. There has been leis-
ure enough, which has been given to matters of
less importance or which has been thrown away,
and which might have been devoted to the exam-
ination of the testimony in this case; and if gen-
tlertien are not prepared to decide it, the fault must
be theirs. They will not be better prepared to de-
cide it next December than they are to-day.
Now, as to the time that may be consumed in
discussing; the question. I believe I stated that
it is not intended, on this side, to occupy the
time of the House in the discussion. There are
subjects which have occupied months of debate,
but which were, in fact, exhausted in a dozen
speeches of an hour each. I am sure that this
whole. Question can be presented by either side in
half a^lozen speeches, of an hour each, just as
effectively", and just as clearly to the comprehen-
sion ofWhe House, as if days were spent over it.
This is not a question which I am disposed to
have argued to the country, but to the House.
We stand here as jurors to decide this case upon
the law and the evidence, and not to make cap-
ital in the country for ourselves, or for political
parties. I deprecate utterly any such thing coming
into this case. If gentlemen have such design
and wishes, and want prolonged discussion for
that purpose, let them avow it. I have no such
desire. I am aware that almost all our cases of
contested elections run too much into party issues,
and are not confined to the facts. I hope this
will be an exception, and that its discussion will
be confined to the real points in issue; and if it
is, it ought to be presented by gentlemen in a
single day, just as conclusively as in a month's
debate. IT it is the desire to wear out the time
in debate, and thus prevent a decision at this ses-
sion, let gentlemen avow it; but if it is the desire
simply to present each side of the question, it can
be done effectively in a short time.
Gentlemen say that it involves questions of a
grave and delicate nature. I concede that. But
questions of a grave and delicate nature are often
as much involved in giving important proposi-
tions the go-by, as m deciding them. When ques-
tions are presented in the House as they are here,
with the testimony printed, and before every gen-
tleman for examination and decision, and they
are given the go-by, such neglect or avoidance of
responsibility subjects the House to imputations
far more discreditable than to meet the issues pre-
sented, and decide them like men.
I think it is important that this question should
be considered. I have no personal considerations
to govern me in the matter; but connected as I
am with the prosecution of the case on the part
of the Committee of Elections, I feel it my duty
to urge upon the House to decide it. I will not
discuss the motion to postpone farther than I
have. I hope the question will be decided at once;
and that it may be, I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Several Members. Do not call for the previ-
ous question.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will not, if the
gentleman will withdraw the motion to postpone.
The House was divided; and there were—ayes ;
thirty-five, noes not counted. j
So the previous question was not seconded. t
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to say something- on !
this subject, sir, but not much. Inhere is a differ- I
encc of opinion as to the time which may be con- j
sumed in debating this report of the Committee j
of Elections. Some gentlemen suppose that the '
time occupied will be only an hour or two; others <
say that it will consume a day or two. I think it
will consume a day or two. I think it ought to
consume a day or two. I should be very reluctant,
on a question so important as this, to agree thatit
should be decided by the House of Representa-
tives without giving to it the careful consideiation
which its magnitude demands. If we take up this
question to-day, wc may not be able to approach
the termination of the discussion before Monday
morning. What then? Why, sir, if we do not
rescind our resolution to adjourn, as we ought to
do—if the Senate do not assent to the resolution of
rescission, as they ought to do, there is a very
ready remedy for any evil which may result; and
that is, that the President will, as he ought to do,
keep us in Washington by his proclamation.
Gentlemen tell us that they are anxious to go
home to their families, and that it cannot be ex-
pected that we should remain here during the
warm months of summer. Why, sir, the first ses-
sion of Congress which I attended, in 1850, was
not terminated until the 30th of September. Nor
has any Congress of which I have been a mem-
ber adjourned its first session earlier than the
month of August. Here we are, only in the month
of June, early in June, receiving over double the
pay we received then, and it is gravely argued
that we are entitled to leave unperformed our pub-
lic duties here, when, with a less salary than wo
now receive, wc remained in session months be-
yond the time to which we have now arrived.
And we propose, sir, to carry over the most im-
portant business of the long session to a session
limited to the duration of three months. The
business now unfinished upon your Calendar
greatly exceeds the business already dispatched
at this session. Sir, you have not yet considered
the first case upon the Calendar of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must confine
his remarks to the question before the House.
Mr. COBB. If the question of adjournment is
open to discussion, I have a word to say.
, Mr. MILLSON. With submission to tne Chair,
I think that my remarks are in order, as I am
showing that the effect of the postponement will
be to throw over to the next session a vast amount
of unfinished business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's remarks
impress the Chair more with the conviction that
they are against the adjournment than the post
ponement of this case.
Mr. M1LLSON. I readily accept the admoni-
tion of the Chair; but I trust that the Chair will
perceive that the argument I am presenting is a
perfectly legitimate one, for I am endeavoring to
answer the arguments of gentlemen who urge, as
a reason for the postponement of this case, that
we have determined to adjourn on Monday. I
said that we not only might, but ought, to rescind
the order for the adjournment on Monday; and
that the mere determination of members to return
to their homes two or three months earlier than
they have been accustomed to do, constitutes no
justification for leaving unperformed important
public business.
Now, sir, in reference to the case before us, I
can only say that I urge these general considera-
tions, not because I have either the desire or the
expectation that the House, when we approach
the consideration of the question, will come to
any particular conclusion, but because I do not
think we ought to postpone to the short session
any business so important as this—and other im-
portant business which has already been post-
poned—merely for the reason that wc are tired of
the session, and desire to return to our homes.
If the consideration of this case should prevent us
from passing all the bills which require the atten-
tion of Congress at this session within the time
we have fixed for adjournment, there is a ready
remedy in the President's proclamation calling us
together again, even if we do not rescind the res-
olution we have adopted for adjourning on Mon-
day. I hope, then, that we will come to some
conclusion on this question at the present session,
and not throw this and other important business
over to the next session of Congress—fhe dura-
tion of which is so short that we cannot possibly
consider one tenth part of the business proposed
to be left unfinished at this session.
Mr. PEYTON. I shall not detain the House
long. I am satisfied of one thing, and that is, if
the'House should talk from morning till night,
from day to day, they may sit here until the 4th
of March next, and still leave the business un-
done. If gentlemen will talk less and vote more,
we have ample time to accomplish the business
of the country. The object, as I understand n,
of giving members a fixed salary, was that mem-
bers should hasten through their business, talk
less, and thereby save immense amounts of
money to the Government. But with this mania
for talking, we ought not to begin to talk about
adjourning until the 1st of October All 1 ask
of gentlemen is to take it for granted that their
