1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May: 4,
,biU-proposes to put©, stop to that state of
things by providing that the printing of extra
copies of all documents exceeding two hundred
and fifty pages shall not be ordered unless by the
author! tyof law,
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask a question.
I understand the Senator to say that the price of
printing a work very much depends on the num-
ber to be printed. Now, does this bill provide
that the whole number to be printed shall be set-
tled before any part of a work-is printed"?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This bill does
not restrict the Senate or House of Representa-
tives in that respect in ordering any printing for
their Own use.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am not speaking of that;
but I ask whether there ij any provision by which
extra numbers, as they are called, are to be regu-
lated before you make a contract for the ordinary
number. It would seem to me that the price of
•the ordinary number would very much depend
upon the number of extra copics which are or-
d,er.ed*, and therefore to make the contract proper-
ly? with the Printer, the whole number that you
want printed Should be known m the first, place,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would say to
the Senator, that under our own rules, and under
the law, a proposition to print a document is re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing, and that is
generally accompanied by a motion to print ad-
ditional numbers, and then a report upon the
whole takes place at on^e. There is, however,
nothing in this bill, and we believe it is impossi-
ble for us to introduce into the law any provision,
that a member shall not rise after the usual num-
' ber of a document has been ordered to be printed,
though it be a month or a year afterwards, and
move than a certain number of extra copies be
printed. Congress must have some discretion,
and you must allow the two Houses to order extra
copies of documents to some extent. We cannot
well say that when they order the usual number,
which is one thousand four hundred and twenty,
of any document to be printed, they shall ne\er
afterwards order any more; but as these matters
are under our rules referred together, the usual
number and the extra number, the presumption
is that a member who do-'s not bring in his mo-
tion for an extra number at the same time that
the usual number is moved, stands in a bad atti-
tude to get the favorable consideration of his prop-
osition. Is this explanation satisfactory?
Mr. COLLAMER. But I understand the pro-
vision is, that when extra numbers are ordered, it
must be by law or joint resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes, sir; and
if the bill does not provide for requiring the oidor
to print extra numbers to be made at the same
time with tho order for printing the usual num-
ber, it is only because of the limited power we
have. We cannot pass a law now which we can
make so permanent as to say that it shall never
hereafter be repealed.
I now ask that the bill be read by sections, if
Senators desire that course to be pursued, and I
am willing to give an explanation of each section
as it is read.
Mr, BENJAMIN. I think we had better put
the bill on its passage at once, for it is one of those
measures that no one can undertake to amend
without knowing all about it. I see no necessity
lor reading it section by section, but let us pass
it at once.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I shall be glad
to have that done.
Mr. IVERSON. I have an amendment to offer
to one section. s
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, I hope the Sen-
ator will be allowed to offer it.
Mr. IVERSON. I know very little about the
public printing, and I do not know whether tins
bill is going to save anything to the public Treas-
ury or not. I dare say it has been well digested
by the Committee on Printing, and probably they
are entitled to much credit for their efforts to cur-
tail the abuse by which the country has been im-
posed upon. I desire to inquire of the chairman,
as I see that the prices of engraving, printing, and
binding are all regulated by this bill, how they
compare with the prices heretofore paid?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will say to
the Senator that the prices fixed here are pretty
much the same prices that were fixed after a long
find tedious investigation in 1852. The prices are
not materially changed in any respect whatever
by this bill. There is one alteration made in re-
gard to the price of binding quartoes. That has
heretofore been seyenty-five cents. We now re-
duce it to fifty cents. I believe that is the only
changG in regard to the prices.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I should like to under-
stand the virtue of this change in the presentlaw.
if the prices are not reduced, how are we going
to effect economy by this measure?
Mr. SLIDELL. It cuts off the large quan-
tities.
Mr. IVERSON, Plow that is I do not under-
stand. Lwant information.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I could, per-
haps,give the information better if we were to go
through the bill section by section, because it is
difficult for any one to recollect all the details of
such a large measure as this. The bill embraces
a large number of pages, twenty-three, and it is
impossible to enumerate from recollection all its
provisions.
Mr. HUNTER. If my friend from Arkansas
will allow me, I will suggest to him that perhaps
he had better examine the bill, and to-morrow we
can pass it in the morning hour, if he finds that
he has accomplished by it what he thinks he has.
He designs to provide that we shall print no extra
copies of a document which exceeds two hundred
and fifty pages, except by bill or joint resolution,
so as to make that a matter of law for the purpose
of restricting the quantity of printing in regard to
the large documents. I have looked over the bill,
and I am afraid that, except by inference, he has
not accomplished his object. I would suggest to
him, also, to add another limitation, that we should
not only require the documents which exceed two
hundied and fifty pages to be printed by the joint
action of Congress, but extra numbers of all doc-
uments which exceed, say five thousaixl. I think
if he were to do that, he would then reully lessen
the amount of pimted matter. Most of our docu-
ments do not reach two hundred and fifty pages.
I suppose the Patent Office report d<-es not.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is always
beyond that. It is from six hundred to three thou-
sand pa^es.
Mr. H (INTER. I think it would be a salutary
restriction: it would improve the bill very much,
if we required the assent of the two Houses to
print a large number of extra documents of any
kind—say wheie you excced five thousand. I
merely suggest this for the consideration of the
chaii man.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. In reply to the
Senator, I will state how the thing stands prac-
tically, because His only in thathght that I choose
to treat the subject at all. All documents which
exceed two bundled and fifty pages are now re-
quired by law to be bound, being deemed to be
matters of sufficient value for preservation. It
was the design of the committee not to restiict
Congr ess m The power to print extra numbers of
valuable documents—for instance, the annual mes-
sage of the President—but to subject each branch
of Congress, in some measure, to the control of
the entire law-making power, in order that one
House should not use its contingent fund for this
purpose, m violation, as some conceive, of the
Constitution of the United Suites. The Senator
from Virginia suggests that m cases where the
extra numbers go beyond five thousand, the as-
sent of the law-making power should also be
required. His suggestion of couise relates only
to documents within two hundred and fifty pages,
documents that are not bound, consequently doc-
uments which are not accompanied by illustra-
tions and engravings, and which cost very little
compaiativoly.
Mr. HUNTER. How about obituary ad-
dresses ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Obituary ad-
dresses are smaller, and the committee did not
think it proper to touch these little minor matters,
but preferred to leave them to the sense, the dis-
cretion, and tho virtue of Congress. The com-
mittee anticipated that the most s^iious difficulty
in the way of the passage of this bill would be to
get the party of the Administration to consent that
we should throw it m tho pow^r of both branches
of Congress to restrict the publication of the an-
nual executive documents. I am glad to see that
no objection of that kind exists. I am glad that
there is a feeling above party considerations to
promote the public service, which induces gen-
tlemen to consent that matter proposed to b^
printed shall be submitted to the consideration of
both branches, so far as extra numbers arecon-"
cerned.
With regard to the particular suggestion which
the Senator from Virginia has made, it is a point
which did not occur to the committee. The prop-
osition was not suggested tous that neither House
should order over five thousand copies of any-doc-
ument without its being passed through-as a law
of the land. If the Senator will offer'that amend-
ment at the proper time, I will support it. I be-
lieve it is right. As I said before, no bill can be
entirely peifect in regard to a subjcct so compli-
cated, and so full of details as this; and I am pre-
pared to adopt any good suggestion that may be
made. I hope the bill will be passed to-day^. I
am afraid that if it be laid over we shall not get it
up again, but I think we can pass it very soonjif
we now go on with it.
Mr. IVERSON. I have not scrutinized this
bill particularly. It may contain more merits than
I think on the first blush. Do I understand that
the bill provides that in regaid to any document
over two hundred and fifty pages, it will require
the joint resolution of both Houses of Congress
to publish extra numbers ? Is that a provision of
the bill ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. That will accomplish some-
thing, so far as large documents are concerned;
but I apprehend it will not do any good so far as
documents of less than two hundred and fifty
pages are concerned. I recollect that, two ses-
sions ago, the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
jamin,] introduced a resolution which required
the joint action of both Houses before any extra
number of any pubhedocumcnt should be printed.
That resolution was brought forward by the Sen-
ator to eonect the abuses to which the public
printing had been extended, and it met with a
great deal of favor at that time; but the Senator
himselfdid not press it, and I have heard no more
of it since, if this bill accomplishes that much,
it is something. At any rate, it will protect the
Government from the imposition of one House
ordering a very large amount of public documents
to be printed without the consent of the other.
But I think the suggestion of the Senator from
Virginia is a very good one, that this ought to
apply to all public documents. I see no reason
why the House of Representatives should be au-
thorized to publish one or two hundred thousand
copies of a document containing less than two
hundred and fifty pages, when they would not be
permitted to publish one containing three hun-
dred.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will state the
motive that influenced us m regard to that. The
Senator from Georgia, I am satisfied, only desires
what shall be best for the public service. As to
extra copies of all documents above two hundred
and fifty pages, we require that the law-making
power shall make the order. Thatembraces both
Houses and the Executive. In regard to the docu-
ments of a less number of pages than that, we.have
not fixed a limitation. We did not choose to fix
a limitation on the smaller documents in view of
the fact that a committee very frequently having
a grave subject before the Senate, may desire to
have some extra copies punted of a small report,
as jt may be termed, in comparison with other
woiks that are printed. We did not choose to
say they should not print any extra numbers at
all withom the coustmrof the law making-power.
I will give you an distance at once. In the case
of the Kansas and Nebraska bill, when it was first
brought forward, the Senator from Illinois made
his repoit from the Committee on Territories.
That report, 1 think, was some fifty or sixty pages.
There were five or ten thousand extra copies of
it ordered to be printed. There may at any day
be a report from a committee brought forward, of
which we may want five or six thousand extra
copies. The cost amounts to nothing compara-
tively. On manv sut--j<jcts there may be such a
report. The Punting Committee did not wish to
run in conflict with the will of the Senate or House
of Representatives on a mere report in regard to
ordinary daily transactions of business by saying
that they shall have no extra copies on matters
where the cost is not material, or at leastamounts
to very little. That was the reason why we said
