1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1941
the law-making power alone shall govern when
the amount of the printing; of any particular doc-
ument exceeds the number of two hundred and
fifty pages. That was the reason why we did not
extend this restriction so as to embrace documents
of a loss size than two hundred and fifty pages.
"We were also led to that conclusion from the fact
that two hundred and fifty pages are capable of
preservation, while less than two hundred and
fifty pages are not capablc of preservation for the
purpose of distribution.
Mr. IVERSON. I shall not press this subject
any further. I presume the bill of the committee
will accomplish something, at any rate, to a cer-
tain extent. I desire to ask the Chair if it is in
order now to move an amendment to any section
of the bill?
ThcVICE PRESIDENT. It is customary to
take up bills section by section. If there be no
amendment offered to the first section, an amend-
ment will be in order to the second.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope that course will be pur-
sued; I think it is necessary to proceed section by
section, in order that the chairman may make liis
explanations.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, I will do so;
but gentlemen may ask for information on any
point, and I shall endeavor to explain.
Mr. BIGfLER. AVhat I desire is to see a par-
allel between the two laws—that which is super-
seded and that which we propose to adopt, the
points of difference as to the price and as to the
guaids which are interposed against the amount
of printing. I tin nk the chairman can give us that
very rapidlyand satisfactorily as we proceed sec-
tion by section. I confess that 1 am not prepared
to vote on this bill as a whole, as it stands now,
without understanding something of its features.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Between the
fifth section, which fixes the prices and tfio pres-
ent law, there is no difference. That section is
merely a codification of existing law. The only
difference is, it is much chcaper to us and much
harder on the Printer; because, under these reg-
ulations, we shall print a great deal less at the
same prices.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Georgia nidieai"d that he had an amendment to
olfer. The Chair suggests that it would be bet-
ter to have the bill lead section by section.
Mr. MASON. This bill has boon read through.
The subject is one which 1 suspect very few of
the Senators comprehend hi tla. necesstu y details
that cxis'; and I hardly think it would be desira-
ble to read it again section by section. If Sena-
tors have any amendments to oiler, I suppose
they can offer them at once; but lam f ure, to read
the whole bill again, would not inform (he Senate
any more than they are already informed m re-
gard to it.
Mr. HUNTER, V/ e shall have to take a good
deal on trust. I am disposed to vote for the bill
as it stands. I believe the committee have done
a good deal, possibly not all that could be done.
That would be too much to expect; but they have
accomplished some great good if they diminish
the expenses as much as the chaiiman thinks. I
dare say we are as well prepared to vote now as
we shall be hereafter. I am afraid that if we lay
it over, we shall not act on the subject again; and
I am very anxious that the bill should pass. I
would rather forego the chance of amending it,
and Like it as it is, than delay it. I am, for one,
ready to vote for it as it stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The course which
the Chair was directing to be pursued is that which
is laid down in the Manual; but he is informed
that it has been usual in the Senate to receive
amendments at all times fo all parts nf n bill. The
bill is a long one, and if theio be no objection, the
Chair will receive the amendment of the Senator
from Georgia, no matter to what section it may
be.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to amend the tenth
section by adding a proviso. The tenth section
provides for the election of a hnidei, and I pto-
pose to add this proviso:
Provided, Tint the person so elected sslialJ be a piaetical
binrlfi, and qualified in every respect I*4 superintend and
perform said binding. " i
Air. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, Perhaps it
would be more satisfactory to the Senate for me
to .state at once the points involved in the different I
sections of the bill. I have before me a written
elo^irri OuO! b(> <v practical
ie.-pect to .v)it)enuiend and
memorandum of each section. There are points
here which I would rather the Senate should see.
I do not want to pass anything that you do not
understand and see; and if you say so, I will give
you, as an instance, the first section, and I will
state its substance.
The substance is, that the first section is the old
law, simply amended so as to provide for making
one of the clerks now allowed to the Superintend-
ent of Printing a chief clerk, with a corresponding
salary. It does not propose any additional cleri-
cal force in the office.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will sug-
gest to the Senator from Arkansas that the Sen-
ator from Georgia was upon the floor, offering an
amendment to the tenth section. He yielded the
floor to the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I accede to the
amendment: I think it is right.
Mr. IVERSON. I did not exactly yield the
floor; but the Senator from Arkansas took it from
me.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I beg your
pardon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair I^gs
pardon also. £L"  thought the Senator had yielded.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Arkansas,
in his impetuosity, sometimes gets on the floor,
and it is impossible to stop him.
Mr. JGI-EN80M, of Arkansas. Read the amend-
ment again: I think 1 approve it.
Mr. IVERSON. It is simply to add to the
tenth section;
' Provu'cJ, Tlsnt thi- p i -oi
j bunU'i, anil nnnJ'tiej m or
1 peitonn ^u.d b-iuhn?.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Aik.insas. I certainly have j
: no objection to that. I believe it is aheady so j
j provided in another part of the bill.
' Mr. IVERSON. It says the Superintendent 1
j of Printing is to be a piaetical printer, and the i
! engraver a practical engraver, but it dues not pro- j
vide thj>t the hinder shall be a practical binder. I
Mr. JOHi\SO\T. of Aikansas. 1 accept that j
amendment. I think it ought to be there, if it is j
not. I
Mr. IVERSON. Very well. I have no other I
amendment to propose and no objection to the j
bill. I shall vote for the bill, hoping that it will
accomplish what the Senator from Arkansas de- j
sues. j
The amendment was agreed to. I
Mr. MASON. I have an amendment to ci'z- >
gest, rather than to propose, which I should be j
gratified to see adopted, unless some proper iva- |
sons can be shown by the honorable Senator who !
has, with so much labor and care prepared tins j
bill. I do not see the propriety or the expediency j
of printing any document or book beyond the j
number tnat is necessary for the information of \
Congress. I do not see the necessity or propriety <
of printing extra copies either to the number of .
five hundred or five thousand of any book or |
books. The printing is designed only, and I pre- i
sume legitimately, for the information of the mem- [
hers of the two Houses Although the honorable i
Senator has said, and I doubt not correctly, that
after the type is set, and preparation is made, the
; additional number of copies costs proportionately
i but very little additional money, yet I know that
| in the nature of things the inducements to a large
. number of copies would very often lead the two
; Houses of Congress to oider the printing of what
' would not otherwise be piinted at all; and, therc-
' fore, I submit an amendment to prevent hereafter,
unless sanctioned by law, the printing any extra
. numbers The amendment will come in under
! the cighui section, and is to insert:
But net more than the u-.u:U number of copies of any doc-
ument or book i-'.iul 1 be panted unless by authority of law.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is already
a provision of this bill. We concurred in com'- i
mitiee with the-very idea which the Senator has j
expressed. j
Mr. MASON. I understood the Senator to j
say, in his lemarks, that the bill limited the print- !
ing, unless by authority of law, of any document, i
to those exceeding a certain number of pages, I |
think he said two hundred and fifty pases. i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. By one House |
separately. j
Mr. MASON. Precisely. Then the bill pro- i
vides that there shall be no extra numbers of any ji
document exceeding two hundred and fifty pages, «i
unless authorized bylaw. The amendment I pro-
pose prohibits the printing of an extra number of
any document, of any size, unless authorized by
law.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will say to
the Senator that it is possible that one of th« trea-
ties we may have to consider, or any executive
document brought before us, may exceed two
hundred and fifty pages, and it would not be
proper to cut off its printing for the use of the
Senate. This amendment imposes a limitation
moie stringent than that contained in the bill.
Wc have no question whatever that, if you cut
off Senators and members from the power to print
books for the purposes of distribution, and for pur-
poses that are not legitimate to the public service
so much as they haveregard for their own personal
popularity abroad by the distribution of docu-
ments, and the exertion of a species of public pat-
ronage in that way, there is not so much danger
of excess as there is when you enable the same
House that makes the order to print for its own
use m'legislative matters, also to have the power
to print for the purposes of distribution. It is
the distribution we have sought to Control, as
reaching the real vice that exists in the system;
and we feel that when we have cut off the power
of either House to order and pay out of its con-
tingent fund for extra numbers of various works
hitherto printed for publication, aqd like works
hereafter, we have struck at the root of the evil
which has involved the Government in debts of
millions to make character for a few individuals
I outside, and more particularly for us to distribute
books.
Mr. MASON. But I still understand the Sen-
ator to say that the limitation on the extra num-
bers to be printed is a limitation measured by the
number of pages of the book. If the book is less
than two hundred and fifty pages it is then com-
petent to either House to order any number they
please.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Exactly. Your
colleague proposed a limitation which, I believe,
is a good one, that where the size of a volume falls
short of two hundred and fifty pages, an extra
number shall not be ordered exceeding five thou-
sand copies, unless by law. The committee pro-
vide that where there are two hundred and fifty
pages, extra numbers shall not be printed except
by law; but when the pages fall short of that, the
Senator's colleague proposes that we shall not
print five thousand copies without a joint resolu-
tion, or alaw. I think that measure is a good one.
In that respect, I concur with tY  Senator, but I
cannot make that amendment right od'.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia that his amendment
will not accomplish the object at all. If he will
refer to the bill as it lies before him, he will find
that if he wishes to accomplish what is contem-
plated by the amendment, he should move to
strike out the proviso in jsage 20. The bill at
pa«e 20 provides that no extra numbers shall be
printed except by authority of law—that is, by
: by joint resolution or act of Congress, and then
contains this proviso:
"That nothing herein contained shall pievent either
House ofOongre-sfroui ojdering The printing of evtra copies
of any document, icport, oi other matter for distribution,
when the number of pages do not exceed two hundred and
fifty."
If the Senator desires to amend the bill in con-
formity with the view lie suggests, the proper
amendment would be to move to strike out that
proviso.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The ohjcct of
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] can be
accomplished by amending that proviso so as to
make it read:
"That nothing herein contained shall prevent either
Hou^e of Congress- fiotn ouienna the punting of five thou-
sand extra copies of<tnv repent when the number of pages,"
&c.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have that amendment
interlined in my copy, if it be deemed ncccssary
to put. it in. I hope we shall get a vote though.
Mr. MASON. I never saw this bill until it was
laid on my table to-day at the very moment the
Senator called it up, and I could not, therefore,
determine how far the amendment which I offered
would be congruous to the bill. As far as I can
see it, I should agree with the Senator from Lou-
isiana that the object would appear to be accom-
