1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Property, or what the master claims as such in
his slave, consists of the aggregate of the powers
which the law of the State gives him over the
slave.
If such is its nature, by what law does it exist
in the Territories "by virtue of the Constitution?"
Of course it does not by virtue of the territorial
laws; for it is apart of this doctrine that the pow-
ers of the Territory have no control over it what-
ever. It cannot be interfered with till the Terri-
tory becomes a State; and, if the territorial au-
thorities could interfere with it at all, they could
abolish it altogether, and thus annul the Consti-
tution ! Nor, either, does it by virtue of any law
of Congress; for it is another part of this doctrine
that Congress has 110 power over it, and this is
equally necessary to the principle or notion; for,
if Congress can increase or diminish the aggre-
gate of the master's powers over his slave, it may
abolish them altogether; and then what becomes
of the " virtue of the Constitution."
The question, then, comes back, by what laws
the relation of master and slave is established
and regulated in the Territories? Does the Pres-
ident mean that, " by virtue of the Constitution"
of the United States the laws of the several slave-
holding States on this subject extend all over the
public domain? Indeed, he can mean nothing
else, for there is no other horn left to the dilemma.
The doctrine of the President will be better un-
derstood and appreciated by stating a case. Sup-
pose a slaveholder, say from South Carolina, re-
moves with his slave to the Territory of Kansas.
He there, in the exercise of the right over his
slave given him by the law of the State from
which he emigrated, whips his slave, and is pros-
ecuted for assault and battery. If the trial takes
place in Lawrence, most likely some northern
man will preside upon the bench, and New Eng-
land men will fill the jury panel. The whipping
with a slave whip is admitted, and he makes las
defense. He states 110 law of Congress, or of the
Territory, that authorized liim in this act; but he
refers the court to the law of South Carolina.
By the President's theory this law of South Car-
olina is to prevail, for the reason that it is one of
the constituent elements of hisrightof property;
and it must follow him into the Territory, and be
administered there. If he take the life of his slave
he may be punished for it; but the reason is, not
because of the prevalence of any territorial law,
for that would be unconstitutional, but because
the law of South Carolina does not confer this
power upon a master. He may compel his slave,
though a member of the Christian church, to live
with him in open violation of a special command
of the Decalogue; and yet no territorial law can
prevent it. His slaves may live in open violation
of the laws of Christian marriage in spite of the
laws of the Territory—for, by the laws of his State,
this institution is forbidden them, or practically
denied them. Even Christian law-makers hold
that that is a Christian law which takes away the
rite of Christian marriage from members of the
same church with themselves. And this is the
complexion to which we have come at last; and
judges and jurors from the free States are bound
to administer these laws brought to the Territories
from the slave States.
If a master from Maryland buys a slave of a
master from Alabama, and he in turn sells to a
man from Kentucky, the law of which State shall
regulate his right of property in theTerritory; and
if, further, after the-master left the State, the law
is changed so as to abridge or otherwise alter his
right of property m his slave, how would it affect
his powers over him ? Or is the will of the mas-
ter the only limit of the master's power in the
Territory? These questions might be multiplied,
did time permit. The country will recollect
that when the Territorial Legislature (so called)
passed laws abridging the freedom of speech, it
was approved here by the Democratic members
of Congress. Possibly this doctrine of this "vir-
tue of the Constitution" was then in process of
incubation, and their instincts led them to the con-
clusion that this law was necessary for the pro-
tection of this species of property, and was carried
there by virtue of the Constitution. The Presi-
dent is only explicit on the laws of slavery being
carried into the Territory, and here he is gratuit-
ously so. Whether the laws regulating the sale
of lottery tickets in Maryland are also carried into
the Territories, the President does not inform us;
probably, however, it is only those relating to
slavery.
But, sir, if this is true, then, in its mostoffens-
ive sense, is it true that slavery is national and
liberty sectional and local; for this doctrine goes
beyond the Territories ? It is the doctrine by which
Virginia is to-day attempting to establish the
right of her slave-traders to drive their chained
gangs through the city of New York on their way
to Texas; and she expects the court to establish
that right. It is the doctrine on which Passmore
Williamson was imprisoned in Pennsylvania for
telling a slave woman, whom her master had
brought into the State, that she was free. Under
this doctrine slavery exists as much on the ocean
as on the land. Wherever our flag floats there sla-
very is " by virtue of the Constitution." Under
this doctrine of the President, the slave may be
sent not only from Virginia to Texas by sea, by
way of New York, butmay be senttoany of the
ports of the free States as a sailor, without im-
pairing the rights of the master. And if this be
so, why not import them direct from Cuba as well
as Virginia? and why not from Africa as well as
either? Give the master property in a slave on
ship-board in any southern port, and, 110 matter
where he came from, any law that should inter-
fere with it would be as invalid as the Missouri
compromise.
This I understand to be the practical working
of the doctrine announced by the Administration;
and to establish this absurdity, they are not only
willing to trample under foot the rights of the peo-
ple of Kansas, but to make them slaves to their
despotic will. Nay, sir, to accomplish this he in-
vokes the prompt and efficient aid of the faithful,
backed by all the blandishments of official power
and patronage, and threatened with excommuni-
cation from the pale of the Democratic party, in
case of a refusal to comply. Who can hesitate
under such circumstances? None, who can
 crook tlie pie^iuuit hinges of the knee,
Whcic tliritt may follow luwiung."
But the Presidentassures us that the admission
of Kansas as a State, under the Lecompton con-
stitution, will allay the agitation of the country!
I did not understand that the question of "allaying
the agitation" was the one on which we, as the
Representatives of the people, were called upon to
act. I had supposed that the question was, whether
the people of Kansas should be allowed " to form
their own institutions in their own way." And
besides, I have not forgotten, nor has the country,
that for this very purpose the Missouri compro-
mise was repealed. We were told then, that after
ninety days' clamor all would be peace and quiet;
that this step only was needed to allay the storm
of agitation and fanaticism that was sweeping
over the North. This was the prophecy of 1854.
Look at the facts. In 1852, the dislinguished Sen-
ator of New Hampshire received some hundred
thousand votes, more or less, for the Presidency;
and at the inauguration of the man from New
Hampshire, who was elected by an almost un-
precedented unanimity, we were told that the
questions that had so long agitated the public
mind were happily put to rest, and that nothing
should be tolerated, daring his term of office, that
should tend to rouse them into action. Butwhat
was the number of the vote that tells of agitation,
as recorded in 1856? One and a half million. How
wonderfully the prophesy is fulfilled! Verily," he
who ventures to prophesy should have an army
at his command," if he intends to sustain the
character of a prophet.
The President, m conclusion, invokes the ad-
mission of Kansas, because he fears a dissolution
of the Union if this is refused. This, sir, has
been so often threatened thatit has lost its terrors,
even to the "old ladies of both sexes." Why,
sir, this warning falls " like a thrice-told tale upon
the dull ear of a drowsy man;" there is no longer
terror in these threats. Besides, if any portion
of this Union feel so much aggrieved because the
Congress of the United States refuses to force a
Territory into the Union against the expressed
wishes of a large majority of its inhabitants, and
under a constitution that can never command pop-
ular respect—not popular obedience—then I, for
one, say let them go. So far from allowing this
menace to influence us in adjusting this question,
I,for one, would insist upon its withdrawal; and,
in case of a refusal, act in direct contravention of
it. Sir, I can endure anything better than consent
to act in my representative capacity-under the in-
fluence of a menace. If the. President fears these
threats and menaces, it may be proper that he
allow them to influence him; but the immediate
Representatives of the people must occupy loftier
ground.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,obtained the floor.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If the gentleman will give
way for that purpose, I will move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have made a
promise to go On to-night, and, of course, I can-
not violate my promise.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There are many gen-
tlemen absent who, I am sure, would be glad to
hear the gentleman from Mississippi, and I hope,
therefore, he will not go on to-night.
Mr. BOCOCK. I believe, from certain indica-
tions and certain motions of the gentleman head,
that I am the individual to whom he alludes when
he says he has made a promise to go on to-night,
and, under the circumstances, I will not hold the
gentleman to his promise, if he prefers to speak
to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will go on to-
night, sir..
Mr. Chairman, when I was compelled to con-
clude my remarks the other day, by the expira-
tion of the hour allowed me under the rules of this
House, I was assuming that the real object the.
Free-Soil party have in view, was the destruction
of the equilibrium in the balance of power be-
tween the free and slave States of this Union; and
that, beyond that object, was another, far more
objectionable to the South than the mere destruc-
tion of the balance of power—and that is, the
unfair employment of the General Government
ruinously to the South. I then said the New Eng-
land and middle States made commerce, manufac-
turing, and the mechanic arts, the avocation of
their people; all of which interest, they desired
to advance by legislative aid, derived at Uie ex-
pense of that portion of our people now engaged
in agriculture. I -am sustained in this position by
the ancient doctrines of the Whig party, by the
recent opiifions of Webster, and the still more
recent demands, by all those States engaged in
the pursuits above mentioned, for protection; the
doctrines of the national Democratic party being
directly adverse to this system of class legislation,
and in favor of leaving every pursuit of man to
its own intrinsic capability to sustain itself; de-
nying to the Government any other rights than
those expressly delegated in the Constitution,
and leaving each State, by its own legislative ac-
tion, to regulate, by law, all questions involving
the interest of her people—and especially deny-
ing to Congress the right to impose, in any form
and in any manner, upon the agricultural indus-
try of the country, a tax in the nature of a bonus
for the benefit of other pursuits. And the Free-
Soil party, seeing that this party was composed
of those mainly engaged in the cultivation of the
soil, and that the slave States stood almost a unit,
they have combined every party element in this
country under the name of Black Republican,
for the overthrow of the Democratic party. The
most effectual manner to do thisis, to prevent the
expansion of slavery, and with it the agricultural
interest, and restrict its quantum of power in the
councils of the nation. Hence the doctrine of
.Free Soilism.
The first and main object of this party, as
avowed by them, is to throw a cordon of free
States around the slave States, and this they have
well nigh effected—and should they, in the con-
test now pending in regard to Kansas, succeed,
the work is done, the struggle is finished, the
wall is erected, and we of the South lie bound at
the foot of an avaricious and merciless oppressor;
and although we are justly and fairly entitled to
Kansas by the action of her people and the doc-
trine of popular sovereignty, yet captious objec-
tions are being interposed by bad men to defeat
us, by bad men even of our own party; and when
it is done, and the cordon is completed, then will
immediately be put into execution the system of
preferences—such as protection of American la-
bor, as it is called. And this American labor, by
Webster and others North, is denominated free
labor, and is to be protected against the competi-
tion of European labor at the expense of slave
labor.
The North tells us, openly and defiantly, that
