1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2965
this Fourth Assistant is to preside. He super-
intends ail our army of mail contractors, lias
charge of the maii-bag, key, and lock department,
of depredations from mails, of fines for failure to
perform service promptly, failures of connection,
&c. His entire time has become engrossed with
these accumulating and increasing duties, so that
the Department has really no chief clerk at all.
Every other Department in the Government has
a chief clerk but this one; and it is but sheer
naked justice that it should have one as well as the
otheis. if the other Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral are necessary, then a fourth one is equally
so, to transact this branch of the business of the
Department.^ If other Departments are justified
in each having a chief clerk, then is the Post
Office Department equally justified. Judge Col-
lamer, of Vermont, now a distinguished member
of the Senate, as he was a most distinguished
Postirtaster General under President Taylor, ful-
ly endorses the necessity of this officer, by both
speech and vote; and I shall, therefore, with this
confirmation of the reasons I have briefly alluded
to, make this case a solitary exception to my gen-
eral rule, and vote in favor of the establishment
of this new office.
Mr.JEWETT. I understand,Mr. Chairman,
that in point of fact there is a bureau now in ex-
istence the same as that mentioned in the proposed
amendment; but I understand that it is a bureau
without a head. The Postmaster General, like
the other Secretaries, is entitled to a chief clerk;
but he has been compelled to give up that clerk,
whose services he has a right to expect as an aid
in the discharge of his dunes as Postmaster Gen-
eral. He hat- to give up his clerk to the per-
formance of these other duties, and, as I am
informed, has even to render him assistance him-
self.
I understand, furthermore, that it is the most
important bureau of the whole Department; that
the contracts of every character and description
come up for construction at that bureau; and that
it requires, as was well remarked bv the gentle-
man from Alabama, a man of very'considerable
legal learning to perform the duties of this office.
I had a conversation with the Postmaster General
myself upon this subject; and, entertaining a very
high regard for his ability, honesty, and integrity,
and believing that he would ask for nothing that
was not really required for the public service, I
have consented to advocate thi=? proposition.
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his o mend men t.
[A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Dickies, their Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate have appointed Mr.PrGH, on their
port, upon the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
of the House (No. 199) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1858.]
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend the amendment of the Senate by striking
out that portion of it which gives the franking
pnvslege to this officer. The franking privilege
is entnely abolished by another amendment to
the bill, and I propose to deprive this officcr of
the franking privilege also.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection, if the
frankly privilege is taken away from other offi-
cers, that this officer should be put on the same
footing. But if other bureau officers have it, why
not c;ivo it to this officer?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. When we
com" to the clause of the bill which proposes to
abolish the franking privilege of members of Con-
gress, I shall propose to extend it to all officers
of the Government, so as to make a clean sweep.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, that will include this
officer.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Not if the
frankmir privilege is confened upon him by ano-
ther clause of the bill.
Mr. ENGLISH. I think that officers in the
Post Office Department ought to be clothed with |
power to frank matter pertaining to the business :
of the Department, but that the franking privilege |
phould go no further. !
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by striking out4' $3,COO, "and
inciting '( j500.JJ I am opposed to this whole ,
proposition. I do not see any particular neces-
sity just at this time which requires this Fourth
Assistant Postmaster General. I believe it is de-
sired by nearly all the other Departments of the
Government that they should have assistants.
The Secretary of War wants an assistant; the
Secretary of the Interior wants an assistant; and
so, I believe, with all the other Departments.
We have already three Assistant Postmasters
General. But gentlemen say that this bureau'is
already in existence, and all that it Jacks is a head.
Well, who has performed the duties heretofore?
How have they been discharged? And why can-
not they be discharged in the same way a while
longer ?
Mr. ENGLISH. The duties have been dis-
charged by the so-called chief clerk of the De-
partment, which deprives the Postmaster General
of a chief clerk.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, let that so-called chief
clerk discharge the duties a while longer, and do
not let us undertake to increase the expenditures
at a time when the Post Office Department is ask-
ing an annual appropriation of nearly five million
dollars. It seems to me that, instead of enlarging
the expenditures, we ought, if wc can, to get along
without multiplying officers; and fortius reason
I hope the amendment of the Senate will not be
concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not object to the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] advocating
economy; indeed, I am delighted when he does
so; but 1 cannot very well understand the prin-
ciple upon which he acts, especially when he
comes in with one bill recommending an increase
in the number of clerks in the Treasury Depart-
ment, and another bill recommending a batch of
extras to clerks and employes who never earned
a cent of them, amounting to $75,000, or more;
and now, when a proposition comes to us from
the Senate to complete the organization of a De-
partment which is one of the largest Departments
of this Government, and is increasing more rap-
idly, probably, than any other, with a view of
saving two or three thousand dollars, he objects
to it on the ground of economy.
I say that there is no Department of this Gov-
ernment which has grown, or is growing, more
rapidly than the Post Office Department. Theie
is but little, if any, necessity for an assistant in
the War or in the Navy Department. There is
already an assistant m the State and in the Treas-
ury Departments. Butthe Post Office Department
is constantly growing in its consequence and m
the amount of its business. Our mail facilities are
being multiplied. Ouroffices and officers are being
multiplied. Their duties are becoming more im-
portant and complicated. And yet, for the sake
of saving a few thousand dollars, the gentleman
would let all the mail contracts remain in the
hands and und^r the control of a chief clerk at a
salary of ^.5,000. Contracts in which the Gov-
ernment is interested to the extent of millions of
dollars, are adjudicated and passed upon by the
chief clerk. Now, sir, I do not regard that as
economy. A few days ago the Committee on the
Post Oihce and Post Roads saw fit to bring for-
ward a bill to readjudicatc and release certain fines
imposed against mail contractors. I believe that
we have passed two or three bills of that charac- ;
ter, and wc have passed them because the House j
seemed to be of the impression that justice had
not been done at the Department. Justice, sir, !
cannot, m all cases, be done, so long as you place (
these important questions and interests in the !
hands of one whose services can be obtained for I
so small a compensation. {
Mr. LETCHER withdrew his amendment. |
The question recurred oil concurring iu the Sen- ;
ate amendment. !
Mr. JEWSTT demanded tellers. |
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and .
Hawkiks were appointed. j
The Committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 73, noes 58.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Sec. 4- JJihI br it further enacted ^ That the fomth section
of tin* act ot'Tonsrei? approved Augiu-to. lo34, entitledk* An ij
act making appropijatums for the &ei vtce ol the Po*t Office ij
Department during the fiscal year ending June 30,1855," be, J;
and the baa:c is hereby, continued for one year from August '!
5, 1853. * jj
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. That amendment ^
refers to the act of 1855, and its' effect is to allow
a small additional compensation to the officers of
the city post office in Washington, for documents
which are franked and sent out. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence.
The amendment was non-concurred in
Third amendment:
Sec. 5. *4nd be it further enacted, That the joint resolu-
tion of Congress, of the 18th of August, 1830, which pro-
vides that there shall he one principal messenger in each
ofthe bureaus of the several Executive Departments,at an
annual salary of $840 each, shall be understood to embrace
within its true scope and meaning the offices of the Assist-
ant Postmasters General.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in that amendment as they did in the first,
but the Committee of the Whole have concurred
in the first amendment, and this is essential to it.
The first amendment provides for a Fourth As-
sistant Postmaster General, and the third amend-
ment provides a messenger for him.
Mr. ENGLISH. The object of this amend-
ment, as I understand it, is to put the messengers
in each of the bureaus of the X^ost Office Depart-
ment upon the same basis, as to pay, as the mes-
sengers in the other bureaus of the Government.
The Senate amendment was not concurred in. ^
Fourth amendment:
Sfc. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy he, and he is hereby, authouzed and directed to
pay toE. K Collins and his associates, the sum of &] 47,730,
tin: balance of apprnpiiation heretofore made for the trans-
portation of the mails from New York to Liverpool and
hack, and withheld by the Department at the quaiterly pay-
ment- made on the contract foi that service, on the 30th
day* of June and September, and the 31st day of Decem-
ber 1853, and the 31st of March and 30th of June and
September, 1857, respectively; but there shall be deducted
thf.reftoin the, sum of £115,500, or such sum a<? l? owing to
thy United States, for allowances made to E. K. Collins
and Ins associates by act of Congress.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The amendment is
to pay the claim of E. K  Collins and his associates
to moneys retained out of appropriations under
thuircontract, for several trips. In consequence
of the loss of one of their ships they substituted
another, with the consent of the Department,
which was not equal in speed. The Postmaster
General retained certain portions of the amounts
duo on several trips performed by vessels which
did not make the voyage in the same period of
time as the other vessels. Mr. Collins claims
! that this money is due him; and the Attorney
| General has given his opinion to the same effect.
The Committee of Ways and Means recommend
a non-concurrence.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I rise for the pur-
pose of sustaining; the amendment of the Senate.
It proceeds, as I understand, upon the force of
facts, and the opinion of the Attorney General de-
livered upon those facts It seems, sir, that in
1847 a contract was affirmed between the Govern-
ment and E. K. Collins and his associates for car-
rying the mails between New York and Liverpool,
and that another contract was made in 1849, ex-
tending the prior contract to the 1st of June, 1860.
They proceeded to the fulfillment of the contract,
and in 1854 they lost one of their steamers, the
Arctic, and in 1856 another vessel, the Pacific.
After the loss of the second steamer they were un-
able, without the assistance of another steamer,
to perform their contract. They applied, there-
fore, to the Secretary of the Navy to permit them
to resort to a substitute for the Arctic and Pacific.
That consent was granted, and they substituted
the Ericsson, and performed their contract. But
under the plea that the duty was not dispatched
with as much speed as by the Arctic and Pacific,
this amount of money at the various dates men-
tioned in the Senate amendment was withheld by
the Government—namely, $147,730. This amend-
ment proposes to return to Collins and his associ-
ates this amount.
The plea put in upon the part of the opponents
of Collins & Co., is simply that they did not per-
form the duty devolved upon them by the contract;
and in the first place that they did not keep upon
their line the number ofsteamersrequired by their
contract. Says the Attorney General in this re-
spect:
<£ I. They covenanted to build those four ships within a
limited time. They did build them, and wo their agreement
wa  literally complied with. It was known veiy well that
felups. might be lo&t; but there was no promise, on the part
