1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29m
To this letter the Secretary of the Navy, under
date of February 13, 1856, replies:
"Under the peculiar circumstances, I concur in your
proposition to make the best possible arrangement you can
for a steamer to take the place of the Pacific."
Now under this express authority and under
the most trying circumstances—because it will be
recollected that a portion of the family of Mr.Col-
lins went down with the Pacific—the Ericsson was
employed to take the pUce of the lost steamer. Is
it because the Ericsson failed to make as good
time as was made by the Pacific, that the Depart-
ment has a right to make the deductions? Sir, I
take it there ought to have been no such deduc-
tions made because of the substitution of the
Ericsson for the Pacific. In all material respects
the service that was required to be performed was
performed. The usual trips were made and the
mails carried as provided in the contract. The
only allegation that can be made is that they were
not carried as quickly as they were carried be-
fore. But inasmuch as the Navy Department
authorized the substitution of this vessel, and rec-
ognized it, I think it is too late now for the De-
partment to come forward and exact from him this
large sum of §-147,000 for the period that the Erics-
son was on the line.
Now, sir, this question was examined into by
the Attorney General under Mr. Pierce's admin-
istration. He decided against the allowance of
the claim; but the subject has been referred to the
present Attorney General; and, in a very lucid
opinion which I have before me, he says that he
thinks the claim a just one, and that the money
ought not to be withheld; and that, I believe, is
the opinion of a majority of the members of the I
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
At all events, I can say that, after a careful inves-
tigation of this subject—and I approached it, I
confess, with some degree of prejudice—I have
satisfied my own mind that the claim is a just one,
and ought to be paid. "Whether the contract which
the Government made with Collins & Co. was a
good one or a bad one has nothing to do with the j
question. It should stand or fall upon its own j
merit. I should not have voted for the original
contract. I never have voted for any of these spe- !
cial contracts for ocean mail service; but I will !
execute in good faith a contract already made; i
and for this reason.I shall vote for allowing the
present claim.
The question was taken on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Provided. That the Postmaster General shall also review
the decisions of the late Postmaster General; ana m all
cases where lines have been imposed, or deductions have
been made from the pay ol" the ocean mail steamer lines
established under the actofCongress of 1847, and such fines
and deductions shall have been imposed or made against
law and the justice of the case, that the same be m li.te man-
ner refunded, out of any money m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I raise a question
of order on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment not in order. !
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Then I propose,
in lieu thereof, to strike out the first three lines of j
the Senate amendment. |
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask, how will :
the context stand ? . j
Mr. CLARK, of New York. It is of no i
consequence, as I only seek the opportunity of i
making a very few remarks.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment which 1 just j
now proposed was offered in entire good faith. ;
If in the opinion of the House, the condition of (
the Treasury is such that we can begin to refund i
the fines which have been illegally imposed, and (
the deductions which have been unjustly made
from the pay of the ocean mail steamer lines estab-
lished under the act of Congress of 1847, we ought
to include, all and show no favoritism.
Now, I do not rise for the purpose of speaiung
against the Senate amendment; for, personally,
lam not unwilling that there should be made even
a donation from the Treasury of the United btates
of 6147,000 to Mr. Collins. You may make him
that donation; you may double it; but you cannot
by vour donation, and you cannot by your bounty,
enable him to compete successfully witu that in-
dividual enterprise which goes along alone and un-
. . i . i 1 Mim- .!!• n.
age of the Government. But I have a right to ask
the House that, if the Treasury is to be opened
to one set of mail contractors, it should be also
open to another. The parties seeking that these
fines and deductions be refunded, are all my con-
stituents; but I have no favorites among them,
and I am inclined to give no one of them any pref-
erence over the other. I have in my desk an ap-
plication from another of the mail steamer lines,
established under the act of 1847, asking for the
return of fines or deductions amounting to about
twenty thousand dollars, imposed under circum-
stances of similar injustice. One of the cases I
will briefly state, for it illustrates the injustice of
this special legislation in favor of one of several
claimants, all equally entitled. A few years ago,
the Spanish Government prohibited a mail steam-
er—the property of some of my constituents—
from entering the port of Havana. Although the
guns of the Moro castle, directed against lier, pre-
vented her advance, the Postmaster General fined
her proprietors $5,000, and deducted it from their
mail pay, because they did not leave the mail,
when they could not leave it. Now, I know all
about the transactions out of which this applica-
tion arises.
Mr. ENGLISH. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I cannot yield
any portion of my five minutes. Mr. Chairman,
the relief sought in this case should be accorded
byageneral bill, and should not beingrafted upon
an appropriation bill. The relief should be broad
enough to reach all the cases which depend upon
the same principle. Sir, why should this §147,000
be tacked on to the naval appropriation bill ? Why
should not I, who desire to do full justice with a
liberal hand to Mr. Collins, and every other claim-
ant against the Government, have a right to vote
upon it, should I deem the legislation partial,
without being subjected to the necessity of voting
against one of the Administration appropriation
bills ? If this claim rests upon a question of law,
as is said, if the right to have these deductions
refunded depends upon principles of law, then a
separate bill should have been introduced and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
that committee would have dealt justly and fairly j
with it. If Mr. Collins is entitled to this sum of
money upon any principle either of law or equity,
I stand ready to vote to give it to him. But I object
to the partiality by which you select one or two
of a large class of claimants and let them put their
arms into the national Treasury, while you ex-
clude others who are equally entitled to the priv-
ilege.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAVANAUGH. This is a subject in
which my constituents have no personal interest.
The constituency that I represent are two thou-
sand miles from the sea-board. They have no
direct interest in the carriage of the mails to
Europe, like the gentlemen from the city and State
of New York. But, sir, they have an inteiest,
as every American should have, m all that en-
hances the fame, develops the genius or elevates
the character of our people as a nation in the
estimation of the world.
Now, sir, in reply to the assertions of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smitii,] I will read
an extract from the opinion* of the Attorney Gen-
eral of this Government. Speaking of E. K.
Collins and his associates, he says:
  They covenanted to buiH those four ships within a
limited time. They did build them, and so their agreement
was literal!v complied with. It was known very well that
ships might be lo>t; but there was no pioinise, on the pait
of Collins & Co., to build others m case of accident to those.
They did not agree to insure them against the peril of the
sens."
Now, sir, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Clark] has alluded to the enterprise and energy
of individuals in putting afloat upon the ocean
vast steamships, by which our mails may be car-
ried. I believe, sir, that the individual who in-
augurates a great enterprise, who first starts or
conceives the idea, should, if there aie any ben-
efits to accrue from its inauguration, receive those
benefits. Now, sir, where were these rivals in
carrying
the mails between New York and Liv-
1 crDo'ol,"when E. K. Collins and his associates
" demonstrated not only to this American Confed-
eracy, but to the world, the superiority of Amer-
ican o-enius and American naval architecture,
„H -.t' "-1 v."'1- the :j-
premacy of the seas ? There is not an American
in this broad land of ours, who did hot rejoice
at the success of Collins when he launched upon
the deep those magnificent structures that gave
to our nation a European and world-wide repu-
tation, And now, because God, in his mysterious
providence, saw fit to strike down those wonder-
ful specimens of naval architecture, the Arctic
and the Pacific, after Collins and his associates
had demonstrated the superiority of American
genius and enterprise on the ocean, Mr. Van-
derbilt, and others like him, in New York—gen-
tlemen who always come in at the tail of an en-
terprise—now seek to deprive Collins and ilia
associates of their just dues.
If we refuse to the pioneers of American steam
naval enterprises that compensation to which they
are justly entitled by their contract with Govern-
ment, and if, by the injustice of Congress, they
are driven to seek new channels for the employ-
ment of their ships, amongst which is that" won-
der of the deep," the Adriatic, then, indeed, will
the triumph of wealth and accident over brains
and enkr.gv be complete.
Sir, I prefer, the whole country prefers, to aid
the men who have shed glory upon the Ameri-
can name, in successfully and peacefully wresting
from England her proud and boasted title of "mis-
tress of the seas.
Sir, Collins & Co. ask no gratuity from the
Government; they only ask that the Government
shall fulfill its part of the contract.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] says
that Collins and his associates have failed to per-
form the duties imposed upon them by the terma
of agreement. In answer to that, I quote the lan-
guage of the Government's legal adviser. He
says:
" But inasmuch as they have kept their covenants liter-
ally, and as there is no evidence tliat can justify a suspi-
cion ot' bad faith, I see nothing in the ease on which to rest
mv conscience in advising you to withhold from them the
money which the Government has promised to pay tliem."
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from NewYork
by substituting " twenty-five dollars" for " fifty
dollars."
Mr. Chairman, I do not know whence the gen-
tleman from Minnesota derives his authority for
saying that Cornelius Vanderbilt never originated
an enterprise. Why, sir, if I understand his his-
tory, he was a poor boy, and has grown into con-
sequence by an enterprise that has had no equal,
and, consequently, no successful rivalry, any-
where. It has been the glory of his life to sur-
pass all competition; and he does not come here
now, and ask for a bonus from his country to
maintain, on his part, a competition in ocean mail
service. No, sir; it is for the gentleman's friend
to come here to beg from the Treasury a bonus
of $19,250 the round trip, in order to maintain a
pretended rivalry with foreign steamers. What
does Cornelius Vanderbilt ask now? That the
ocean mail service shall be thrown open to the
world, and that those may win who can. He does
not desire that the Government shall lavish its
treasure upon any enterprise. He asks that the
matter may be left to American enterprise; he is
perfectly content with that. ButMr. Collins, the
committee must remember, asks that he shall be
allowed his old contract for the inferior service
performed by the Ericsson.
Mr. ENGLISH. I will ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have not time to
yield to the gentleman now. Now, sir, if I con-
tracted with the Government for coach service,
and the coach was to break down and become
worthless, and I asked to carry the mail in a
bu^oy, would anybody suppose that I was to get
coach pay for buggy service ? That is just what
Collins wants us to do to him. Again, when this
deduction now complained of was made, it was
made by a Postmaster General who is no longer
in office. It was made under the advice of an
Attorney General who is no longer in office, it
is a res adjudicate, and this whole proceeding is an
attempt to reopen a transaction which has been
closed by the judgment of those who had the
power alone to pass on it. This amendment is
nothing more than to give Mr. Collins a bonus
of §147,000.
[Here the hammer fell.}
H M-. PANDIDGE. Mr. Chairman, it ie vor-r
