1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
elected, who met in convention as directed by law,
andframed thisLocompton constitution. Now,nil
this, by the Kansas-Nebraskaact, is subject "only
to the Constitution of the United States;" and it
in nowise invades that Constitution. Yet, in di-
rect violation of the provisions of the act, it is,
however, proposed to make it subject to our will.
This course of reasoning certainly violates both
the letter and spirit of the Kansas act, and shows
a turbulent determination to dedicate it to free soil,
and complete the cordon of free States around the
slave States at the hazard of civil war, and in dis-
regard of the asserted cardinal. But, sir, you have
given them the power of self-government m ex-
press terms, which is an enabling act. More than
that, sir When you gave a political organkation
to that Territory, (authorizing- the convention to
pass all needful rules ahdj-egulations,) you parted
with all the power1 you had over it, which you
never can regain.
Your power, under the Constitution of the
United States, extended only to passing rules and
regulations. This power you have parted with,
having transferred it to the people of the Terri-
tory; and all you can now do, is to subject their
constitution to a comparison with that of the
United States. Now, sir, how dare you, in the
face of that act, interpose to prevent the people
of the Territory from enjoying'the work they have
done'm their " own way," by shutting out the
State they have created; at the peril of the peace
of this great nation, and the prostration of human
liberty; at the peril of making it the tlieate'r on
which American shall encounter American in
deadly strife, and pour out the blood of freemen
in deluge profusion, to gratify the ambition of the
meanest and worst of mankind. In this view of
the Kansas-Nebraska act I am entirely sustained
by the world wide-known " Little Giant." Hear
him, ye Black Republicans and white; you, who
sneeze when he takes snuff; you who, when you
stand in his presence and catch the dropping of
his distilled wisdom as it falls from his lips, and
exclaim, " Mighty gods, do you hear that!" hear
him:
u I say the construction put upon ft has been this : by the
sixth section ot the Kansas-Nebtaska act, we eonferied on
the Tentorial Legislature authority to legislate upon all
rightful subjects ol legislation, notexceptingslaveiy. Then,
another clause declares it to be the true intent and meaning
of this act not to legislate slaveiy into the Teintoiy, or to
exclude H therefrom, but to leave the people thereof per-
fectly free to foun and regulate their institutions m their
own way, subject only to the Constitution of the United
States: therefore, all powei which it is competent or possible
to confer on the Terntorial Legislature is conferred by that
act."
This, sir, is strong language. Competent or
possible. And these were the views of that gen-
tleman, uttered at a time when no unhallowed
ambition influenced his judgment; no dazzling
crown played before his distempered imagination,
luring him from the paths of patriotism; no White
House, in the green room of which he shall stand
and greet the vast throng of the passing multi-
tude, and feel, beneath their gaze, " how mighty
am I."
These views of Judge Douglas show me to be
right when I assume the Kansas-Nebraska act to
be an enabling act, if one was accessary, which I
have denied. And how he, without the most
shameless effrontery, will now deny the validity
of the act of the Legislature done under it, and
by its authority, I cannot see. His language is,
" all power which it is competent or possible to be
conferred," has been done. And to-day he denies
them all power, and repudiates their acts. " A
second Daniel come to judgment!"
I fear he has determined to bring himself within
the range of the severe and pungent criticism con-
tained m another portion of the same speech from
which I have made the extract. That is:
When the time has arnved, and I thmk it now at hand,
that the cardinal principles of self-government, non-mtei-
vention, and State equality, shall be recognized as irrevo-
cable rules ofactiori, binding on all good citizens who recog-
nize and are willing to obey the Constitution as the supieme
law of the land, there will he an end of the slavery contro-
versy in Congress, and between the two sections of" the
Union. Then the occupation of political agitators, whose
hope of position and pioinotion depend upon their rapacity
to disturb the peace of the country, will be gone." v
Now, the operation of this rule of self-govern-
ment has produced a constitution in Kansas, and,
if received by Congress., will forever put an end
to the slavery agitation. And this Judge Doug-
las well knows; and, therefore, he himself be-
comes—what he has denounced so bitterly—the
44 agitator,55 as the only means of position and
promotion with him; and many others are, in this
hour of delusion, inclined to follow him in* his
wickedness.
Again,in his report made to the Senate, as chair-
man of the Committee on Territories, in 1855, he
says:
"The compromise measmp* of 1S50,which it will be re-
membered were made a pnit of the Kans-a^-Nebrasfca act,
affirm and rest upon the following propositions: fiist. that
all questions pertaining to slavery 111 the Temtones.aiid in
.the new States to lie formed therefrom, are to be left to the
decision of the people theiein, bv their appropriate lepre-
sentatives, to lie chosen % them for tiiat purpose."
Then he thought, as I now think, that the ques-
tion of slavery should be settled, not by a direct
vote of the people, but by representatives chosen
for that purpose. And who arc the appropriate
representatives ? They are delegates chosen to a
convention appointed to form a constitution. I
think now I have established, by my argument,
two propositions: first, that under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and from the very na-
ture of our institutions, the people of a Territory,
after having once organized by authority of Con-
gress, have the right to make a constitution with-
out express autlioiity of Congress; and secondly,
if an enabling act is necessary, it is embraced in
the Kansas-Nebraska law.
I think, Mr. Chairman, I have now shown thfit
the people of Kansas have advanced from a de-
pendent to an independent political condition; that
they have, in the exercise of due legal rights, as-
cended from a territorial to the highest political
condition—a State—and all which has been done
in the exercise of such powers as belonged to them
of right; and having reached this position and
taken their stand amidst the States in this Con-
federacy, panoplied with full sovereignty, she is
now beyond the control of Congress, and must,
by us, be received into this Union. And if that
right is denied her, she can still exercise,out of
the Union, full sovereign powers, and will exer-
cise them in defiance of the Federal Government.
And should the Government undertake, by force
or otherwise, to reduce her again to a territorial
condition, the whole South will interpose and for-
bid it—aye, prevent it by the sword, if necessary.
Kansas is now a State, arid of lawful birth, and
that status she is determined to maintain, in the
Union or out of it; and it is for Congress this day
to decide which it shall be. Out of the Union all
the affection of the South will be thrown around
her. Her dignity will be defended with our arms.
And, although repudiated by the mother, her sis-
ter southern States, adorned with the habiliments
of sovereignty, and crowned by the glories they
have won, in council and in battle, will receive her
as not unworthy for companionship, and permit
her to enjoy an equal share in their rich heritage of
fame.
But, sir, what is the argument interposed to the
just claims of Kansas for admission? It is, that
her constitution, in all its parts, was not, by the
convention which framed it, submitted to a vote
of the people. This, certainly, is not necessary
to the validity of the constitution. It is, 011 the
contrary, in direct conflict with the practice of
our States, and the nature of our political institu-
tions, which are strictly representative. No in-
stance lias occurred in this country, where the
people have assembled in mass and formed a con-
stitution; nor has it ever been done through the
ballot-box; nor yet would it be in accordance
with our past practice. No case can be referred
to, either in the StatesortheFederalGovernment,
where political power may be exercised in any
other mode than by representatives. The only
act which our people ever peiform, in their dem-
ocratic character, is to petition for redress of
grievances. But this is not the exercise of politi-
cal power, buta mere incidental right. This being j
true, the people of Kansas could not make aeon- j
stitution except by representatives in convention. ]
And when they act in convention, they bind them- j
selves, and impart absolute validity to the con-
stitution thus formed; and the submission to the !
people afterwards has the eiFect simply to elicit
an expression of satisfaction or dissatisfaction,
if this is not the true doctrine, the people could
meet 111 mass at any time and change their con-
stitution every week, deranging the harmonious ;
operations of their government, and reducing ;
everything to anarchy. If this reasoning is not i
correct, then the Topeka constitution is valid, and
the State should have been admitted under- it.
But the champion in opposition to the Lecompton
constitution says the Topeka convention was an
unlawful assembly, having for us object the sub-
version of the territorial government of Kansas;
but that the Lecompton convention was lawful*
Why? It must be because the Topeka con vention
was composed of persons not chosen in the usual
mode known and recognized by our institutions,
whi(e theLecompton convention was instituted in
accordance with law and custom. But why the acta
of the Lecompton convention are invalid, I can-
not, myself, determine; nor have any arguments
been furnished me which sustain that position.
Both, the Topeka and Lecompton conventions,
looked to the same object—the subversion of the
: territorial government, and if that could rendef
theonean unlawfulasscmbly, the other mustiiave
been so also.
But, sir, the Topeka was unlawful, because it
was the act of the people m an unorganized states
and the Lecompton was lawful, having the sanc-
tion of usage, precedent, and law. Then, if the
latter was lawfully organized, both in manner and
object, its acts are bound to be valid,and are the
true expressions of the will of the people, in the
only legal mode known to us,and are obligatory
upon this Government.
But, to avoid the force of this Conclusion, it is
said it was legal only for the purpose of peti-
tioning Congress for a change from the territorial
to a State government. This cannot be correct,
because both the manner and the object of the call
of the convention must be taken into considera-
tion in determining its legality; and if either is
found to be improper, then the convention would
be illegal. Now, the object was to make a State,
and not to petition Congress for a change of gov-
ernment. And with the admission that it was
legal, how can you pronounce against the acts
done? But, if the Legislature of Kansas could
not authorize a constitution to bo made by its peo-
ple without an enabling act from Congress, how
could the Lecompton convention be valid,having
been called by a body which had no power to do
so? I insist that it was valid, and was rendered
so by virtue of inherent power in the people, and
also by authority conferred by the Kansas-Ne-
braska act. The Kanas Legislature did not Call
the convention to petition Congress for a changer
of government, but to make a State; and if it bad
not the power to call the convention for this pur-
pose, the act was void, and so the convention,
and both the Topeka and Lecompton stand upon
the same footing. But Judge Douglas says, for
the purpose of petitioning it was legal. That
was not its object, and that it did not do. That
the people of Kansas had the right to petition is
not questioned; but, then, in the act of petition-
ing they only exercise an incidental and not a
sovereign right. A petition binds nobody, while
a constitution does. Desperate diseases, it is said,
require desperate remedies, and in this instance
has called forth this monstrous heresy, that when
the petition of the convention is presented, Con-
gress may or may not grant the prayer of the pe-
titioners. That is, they may change that which
is now a mere petition into a constitution, thus
making a State with all the powers and attributes
of sovereignty.
Who, then, according to this doctrine, makes
the State—the people of the Territory, or Con-
gress ? The Constitution of the United States con-
fers no power on Congress to make it. But, if
Congress can do it, then the people of the Ter-
ritory cannot, because the jurisdiction is not con-
current. Now, admit the power in Congress to
make a State, then you must admit jn it full
power over every subject and object of the con-
stitution, and it alone can determine the subject
of slavery. Thus have I traced this non-inter-
vention Democrat to the support of doctrines
worse than any put forth by the oldest Abolition-
ist in the nation.
But how do these views of the gentleman com-
pare with his vaunted doctrines of non-interven-
tion? The Cincinnati platform is—
" That we recognize the right of all the people of the
Temtories,including Kansas and Nebraska,
the legally and fairly cxpiessed will of a majority of rctual
re.-idents,*and, whenever the number of their inhabitants
justify it, to form a constitution with or without domestic
slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon terms of per-
fect equality with the other States."
And this U non-intervention, and applies to the
