S58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
question of slavery, and to no other part of the
constitution. It-leaves the people to decide for
themselves whether slavery shall exist oi*not*,and
they did decide in the first election of delegates,
and again when the slavery clause was referred,by
the election on the 31st of December. It author-
izes the people, by their Legislature, when they
have the requisite number of inhabitants, to form
aStategovernment withoutfurtheraid; and when
required, that it shall be submitted in whole or m
part to a vote of the people for ratification. Yes,
sir, the question of slavery is to be determined at
the time and in the act of making a constitution,
and by those who frame it. It is the only time
and place when it can be decided, because it is j
then that the people agree and contract with each |
other; then it is that they can mutually consent ;
that the elements of property may or may not
exist in certain things with them. And when this
agreement is reduced to what we call a constitu-
tion, it becomes complete, and binds the whole
people of the Territory, until annulled by another
convention of equal dignity. But. sir, how ab-
surd is that other proposition, that " to make a
constitution valid it must be referred to the peo-
ple !'* What additional sanctity does it derive
from that act? They are not more sovereign at
the bailot-4)ox than when assembled in conven-
tion. Through the ballot-boxthey only consent to
meet in convention to make a compact in the na-
ture of a constitutional agreement. And until they
meet in convention, no act is done which is in the
nature of a contract, or which decides any ques-
tion of property. How circumstances change the
opinions of men ! During his whole life, Judge
Douglas has been the advocate of popular sover-
eignty, the pretended champion of the people. :
But now he repudiates his foi mer doctrines by de-
nying to the people of Kansas the sovereign power
to make a State for themselves. If the people can-
not frame a constitution, then they can do no act
of sovereignty. To petition is not such an act. It
is the exercise of a mere incidental right guaran-
' tied by the Constitution of the United States.
Now the doctrine of Mr. Douglas, and which
is to convulse this country, is, " that the people
may petition and Congress grant." In this case,
who exercises the act of sovereignty—those who
petition, or Congress, who giants? This is the
doctrine of momuchy, and is derived from the
practice of Great Britain in the settlement of her
colonics. One or more persons petition the King;
he grants a charter, which represents somewhat
our State constitutions. The King there is the
fountain of power, not the petitioners. Very like
to this is the doctrine that the people of Kansas
can call a convention, which can petition Con-
gress to become a State, and their prayer maybe
granted. Now, where before was this absurd doc-
trine advanced ? When before was the power to
create a State, and then receive itinto the Union,
claimed for this Government? This doctrine, sir,
does degiadc the people of this great nation from
sovereigns to slaves. The great Put was more
liberal in his sentiments when he asserted that
Great Britain could not interfere with the internal
affairs of her American colonies, her power only
extendingto matters external. Yet Judge Douglas
claims the right to keep the people of the Terri-
tory always in a state of vassalage—to direct them
what they shall and shall not do, and ultimately
dictate their charter of liberty. The assertion of
these doctrines m Europe, at this day, would
bring the head of the most powerful potentate to
the block.
Mr. Chairman, what will be the effect of the
rejection of Kansas? Can any good to the country
result from it? Suppose it has been procured m
part by fraud: will its rejection prevent frauds
hereafter, and will not the same complaint be made
next winter which we have now? But who makes
the charge of fraud ? Men who were sent to Kan-
sas as hired myrmidons, are maintained there as
rebels, scorning and defying your territorial law,
and resisting your Government, and who, with
the blood of innocent men and women on their
hands, come to you this day invoking your aid in
their treasonable conduct. And against whom is
this aid invoked? Those who have respected
ymir laws, territorial and national; those whose
whole course has been in conformity to our free
institutions, and have been worthy and obedient
citizens; and this you know.
These men you are called on by rebels to punish
and rebuke, that those very rebels may enjoy the
fruits of their rebellion. Do it, sir, and you en-
courage treason, and discountenance obedience to
your laws. Do it, sir, and you dedicate Kansas
to blood and to vengeance—it will become the
fated spot on which the eyes of ali nations will
be turned in melancholy gaze, as the liery spirits
of the South shall encounter the steady coldness of
the North—the spot over which the eagle of liberty
shall rest upon her spread wings, and gaze with
shivering emotion, until the first drop of blood
shall be shed, when shall go forth her scream—
the wail of the nation's fall. And is human lib-
erty so valueless that we shall thus carelessly peril
it ? Sir, I appeal to members on this floor, by the
remembrances of the past, the deeds of northern
and southern men in the memorable conflict of the
Revolution* in which was won the imperishable
monuments of glory everywhere erected to their
memory; by our present greatness as a nation; by
the bright and green wreaths, civic-and military,
interwoven by beam's plucked from the North and
West, South and East—which hang so gracefully
on our counti y's brow, to pause and contemplate,
and by their votes save the country, and rely upon
the justice of the people, and anticipate the thanks
of generations unborn. The equilibrium in the
balance of power is already lost—the scepter is
already transferred; rejectKansas and the cordon
is then completed, and theSouthforeverdegraded,
and that by the act of this House and not the peo-
ple of Kansas. Against this final act of degrada-
tion I bejieve the South will resist—resist with
arms—resist to the dissevering of the last tie that
binckfthese States together—resist to the pulling
down this grand political fabric of ours to its
foundation. And I believe this from the general
excitement felt and expressed over the whole
South, which burns now, suppressed, but*will, the
moment Kansas is rejected, break forth in a flame
that no power in this Government can subdue.
Gentlemen may think this a fancy sketch—would
to God I could believe it. From what I have
learned from the history of man writhing under
the influence of conscious wrong—and from what
1 know of the state of public opinion at home, and
from the indignant emotions I feel in my own
bosom, I am bound to believe the danger immi-
nent. He who will trouble himself to look im-
partially, for a moment, at the political heavens,
may see the indignation of the South as it flashes
above the southern horizon—even hear her mur-
murs like the muttering of thunder afar off. But
receive her, and our honor is saved; the pledge
contained in the Cincinnati platform is redeemed,
and the national Democracy is cemented by re-
newed confidence, and will stand intact when the
sun shall rest upon her bed of cloud for the last
time on the western horizon, witnessing the flag
of our country still floating without one star exiled
or one stripe rent.
In the course of Mr. Davis's speech,
Mr. MORGAN said: I rise to a question of
order. My point of order is that there is not a
quorum in the House, and that we cannot pro-
ceed with business without a quorum.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is no evidence of the
fact that there is not a quorum here.
The CHAIRMAN. No question of that char-
acter can arise. No vote can be taken while the
gentleman from Mississippi is upon the floor, and
the fact that there is no quorum here cannot, there- j
fore, be ascertained. j
Mr. MORGAN. I think this thing is all wrong, i
and*I respectfully appeal from the decision of the j
Chair. J
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. The gentleman j
cannot take the door from the gentleman from '
Mississippi. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have not yielded i
it. ;
Mr. LOVEJOY. The floor can always be taken |
for a question of order. !
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from !
Xew York will withdraw the question of order, i
It can only compel the committee to have a call j
of the roll. !
Mr. MORGAN. Well, I withdraw it. !
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, then resumed and !
concluded his speech. j
Mr. FENTON obtained the floor. j
Mr. PHELPS. Ifthegentlemanwillgive way j
for that purpose, I will move that the committee j
do now rise. i
Mr. FENTON. I understand that a privileged
question will probably occupy the attention of the
House to-morrow, and I therefore prefer to go on
this evening.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well, sir.
Mr. FENTOIi. Mr. Chairman, a little over
four years ago, it was proposed m the national
councils to destroy the line limiting the northward
tread of slavery, and inaugurate measures of pa-
cification upon the issues growing out of the sla-
very question, which had, at intervals, all along
our country's history, distracted its peace and im-
bittered its councils. It was said that this meas-
ure of abrogation was not only necessary to carry
out the principles of non-intervention and popular
sovereignty, embraced in the legislation of 1850,
but was supremely a measure of adjustment, set-
tlement, harmony, and peace; that in this respect
it would have the magic power of the sage, who
stretched his body across the frightful chasm that
interposed against the progress of the Oriental
gods, and that we, like thern, should behold the
abyss close up, presenting a beautiful valley, en-
chantingand lovely; and yet, years have passed,
and we have not peace: the angry conflict has not
only tenure in this Hall of the nation's Represent-
atives, but it rages with unabated violence upon
the plains of Kansas; and the allies of the com-
batants upon that bloody field fill with civil dis-
sension, arising from cause of quarrel common to
the whole people, the entire circuit of our land.
1 was one of those who believed the measure
fraught with all the mischief which has flowed
from it, and declared my convictions from my
place in the Thirty-Third Congress that it was
"the true intent and meaning" of that act to carry
slavery not only to Kansas, but to open the door
for its introduction into all the other territory of
the United States. ^ How far subsequent events
have verified this view, let the flame of civil war
and the martyr blood crying from the ground once
dedicated to freedom, and shed in defense of its
birthright, the barbarous doctrine of the Dred
Scott decision, the servility to slave extension by
the President, and the tyranny of usurped power
in Kansas, answer!
So rapid, so startling, and so unblushing, have
been these assaults upon freedom, that some who
joined in the attack are now seen rallying with
patriotic zeal upon the outposts, for its preserva-
tion and defense. I hope the succor is so timely
and powerful, that the calamity with which our
country is threatened may be averted.
The present crisis, whatever may be the result,
will be referred to hereafter as one'of the greatest
magnitude that could possibly have arisen in the
Republic. It is not merely a struggle of the slave
power for the extension and perpetuation of negro
slavery, but for dominion, with premeditated de-
termination to array one section of the Confed-
eracy against the other in unmitigable hostility—
a contest which involves the principles of our
Government, the integrity of the Union, and the
undespoiled sacredness of the Constitution.
Underlying this slavery question, the assump-
tion of its advocates that the Congress cannot, or
shall not, determine upon matters needful and
proper for thegovernment of the Territories stands
foith prominently—false in theory and untrue in
fact, tested by the light of constitutional history.
Our fathers wisely understood that slave labor and
free labor could not flourish side by side upon the
same soil, that they were antagonistic; hence they
adopted a line of separation; and, while condemn-
ing the former as repugnant to the spirit of lib-
erty, and an invasion of the rights of man, made
provision, as it was then hoped, for its gradual
circumscription and extinguishment.
Through the legislation culminating in tlie re-
peal of the Missouri compromise, this principle,
solemnly inaugurated by our fathers, was over-
thrown, and these two elements of labor and set-
tlement were invited to an encounter upon the
same soil—elements so opposed that their contact
was strife, bloodshed, recession of one or the
other, or extinction of one or the other. This
you ha^e witnessed in all its fearful horror, run-
ning through four years of eventful and mournful
history. The chilled blood of patriotism calls for
the remedy. How and when are you to find it?
Our early statesmen clearly noted the necessary
prescription, and even at the threshold of the Con-
stitution defined the boundaries of slavery by say-
ing that freedom should have what slavery then
