1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&§6§
Mr. JONFS, of Tennessee. If the report is re-
ceived, it will be before the House, and we shall
be bound to consider it.
The bPEAKER. The Chair will receive the
report. If the gentleman from Tennessee after-
wards desires the question to be taken on consid-
ing it, it will be taken.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not want it
afterwards.
Mr. PMELPS, of Missouri. I submit the re-
port, and ask that it be read.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two iioubes, on the bill (H. R. No. 200) « making ap-
piopriatiojis lor sundry civil expenses of the Government
lor th<> year ending the UOth of June, 1859," having met,
alter a full and fiee conference, have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend to the respective Rout-es, as follows:
Thai the Senate recede from the following amendments:
ninth, tenth, fifteenth, thirtieth, thnty-ceventh, thirty-
eighth, fifiy-Hxth, filtv-ejghth, fifty-ninth, and sixtieth.
That the House of llepiesematives recede from their dis-
agreement to, and concur in the following amendments of
the Senate : 1'outth, filth, seventh, eighth, eleventh, nine-
teenth, twenty-first, twenty second, twenty-thud, thirty-
fourth, thirty-ninth, fortieth, foity second, forty-fifth, tor-
ty-frixth, forty-seventh, fifty-second, filty-lourth, and sixty-
thud.
That the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the first amendment ot the Senate, and agree
to the same, with an amendment, as follows:
Strike out all ot said amendment after the word " that,"
in line one, and inseit these words : " the Secretaiy of the
Treasury may make such allowances to the officers and
men of the Army and Navy while engaged on coast survey
service, for subsistence, m addition to their compensation,
as he may deem neces&arv, not exceeding the sum author-
ized by the Tiea-sury regulation of the 11th of May, 1844."
That the Senate agree to the second amendment of the
House of Representatives.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the House
of Representatives to their tweltth amendment, with an
amendment, as follows:
in the fourth line of said amendment, strike out the word
il painting,"' and mseit " paintings," and at the end of the
amendment, as follow* : " hut this provision shrill not he
so consti ued as to apply to the execution ol designs here-
tofore made and accepted lioni Crawford and Kogers."
That the Houic of Representatives iccode from thoirdis-
agieement to the seventeenth amendment of the Senate,
and agiee to the same, with an amendment, as follows:
In the fourth hneof said amendment, strike out the word
" three," and insert m lieu thereof the woid " two."
That the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the eighteenth amendment of the Senate, and
aiitee to the same with an amendment, as follows: m the
fourth line of said amendment, strike out the woid three"
und insert ui lieu thereof the word " two."
That the Hou e of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the twentieth amendment of the Senate, and
agiee to the same with an amendment, as follows: at the
end of said amendment insert, as follows:
" Provided, That no pan of the sums herein appropria-
ted, for the completion of cu<tom-hou>.e«: or manne ho<pi-
taU, excepting those for Chaileston and New Orlean-. shall
be expended until the Secretary of the Trea^my thail be
{satisfied that the sunr- iesp"ctively appropriated will com-
plete the huildi'ius for which they are intended, and until
arrangements shaU he made to carry this into effect."
Thatthe Senate aua-e to the amendment of the House of
flepiesentativoj? to their twenty-eighth amendment.
That the Hou^e of Repiesentative  recede from theii dis-
agreement to the thirty-filth amendmentof the Senate.and
a<jiee to the same with an amendment, as follows : after the
woid '-'items." m the third line of said amendment, stnke
out the words " five thousand five," and insert, 111 hen
thereof, the words,'-'and pajing fees of witnesses before
committees of the Senate, &cvcn thousand seven."
That the Hou>e of Representatives leccdefrom their dis-
agreement to the foity-first amendment of the Senate, and
that the Senate concur in the amendment of the House ot
Representatives, as an additional amendment, with an
amendment, as follows: aftei the word " that," m the sixth
line of said amendment, strike out the words, " they shall
teceive no fees or commissions," and msei t m hcu theieof
the word*, u their compensation, including fees, shall not
exceed >'3.0(<0 each, per annum."
That the ilouse of Representatives recede from their dis-
asieement to the foity-third amendmentof the Senate,and
a^rne to the same with an amendment, as follows • after the
word u and" in the eighth line of said amendment, stuke
out the words Mich sum as may be necu*aiy,"and in&eit
in heu theieof the woids,$3.200.J}
That the Senate agree to the amendmentof the House
of Representative* to their tony-fourth amendment with an
amendment a> follows . stnke out the whole of the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives and liiseit m hen
theieof the following: u That no part of the appiopiiatioas
which mav he at any time made lor the contingent expen-es
of mher Iiou*e of Congress s hail be applied to any other
than the ordinal y expend.tuies of the Senate and lIou>e ol
Representatives, nor as exna allowance to any clcrk, mo^
senger. or attendant of the said two Houses, or eithei of
tin m, not a^ payment or compensation ro any clerK, mes-
pencei, or othcr'attendantof tlie said two Houses, or either
of tliem. unless such clerk, messenger, oi othei attendant,
be <-o employed bv a resolution of one of said Houses."
That the Senate acree to the amendment ot the House
of Repre-enfatives to their foity-eighth amendment.
Thatthe House of Representatives recede irom then dis-
agreement to the fiflv -fifth amendment of the Senate and
a°ree to the same with an amendment, as follows : after
the worth '"'United States" in thelbuith line ot saui amend-
ment, insert the wouls, for expenses and disburse-
ments."
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the House
of Representatives to their sixty-second amendment.
R. M. T HUNTER,
WILLIAM BIGLER,
W P. PESSEiVDEN,
Managers on part of Ike Senate,
JOHN S. PHELPS,
HENRY M. PHILLIPS,
WILLIAM A. HOWARD,
Managers on part of the House of Representatives.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, the
Senate amendments to this bill were sixty-four
in number. Several of them, however, were pro-
visions for general legislation, and not making ap-
propriations to carry out existing laws, or for any
of the contingent expenses of this Government.
The House, in considering" these amendments,
concurred in twenty-one of them in the exact form
in which they were sent to us from the Senate, and
in seven of them with amendments. The com-
mittee recommend the House to concur in other
seven of the amendments with amendments-, and
the committee unanimously recommend that the
House recede from the amendments I will state.
The first is a proviso attached by the House to
the appropriation for the procurement of seeds
and cuttings for the Patent Office. The House
provided that none of the money appropriated
should be expended in paying the expense of per-
sons for procuring these seeds, or distributing
them. On inquiry, it was found absolutely ne-
cessary, if the system of distiibution of seeds and
cuttings was to be kept up, that these expenses
should be paid.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut. What amount
is paid to those parties?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The amount ap-
propriated is $60,000 for the procurement and the
distribution of seeds and cuttings; and out of that
sum the expenses of persons for putting these
seeds and cuttings into form for distribution to ag-
ricultural societies and to members of Congress is
paid. Thenextamendmentis an appropriation of
$3,000 to pay the salaries of officers of the hospital
for the blind. That is in pursuance of a law of
this session which required the appropriation of
that amount annually for five years. The next
amendment appropriates $3,000 for improving
Pennsylvania avenue. The committee recommend
a concurrence in that amendment. The eighth
amendment is a small appropriation for painting
and repairing the Little Fails budge, together
with a provision that the bridge shall be turned
over to the cotporation o£ Georgetown, to be
kept ill suitable repair, and that the corporation
may make such regulations against rapid driving
over it, &c., as will insuie m from injury. We
recommend a concurrence m that.
The tenth amendment is for the aqueduct. The
House attached a provision that before any por-
tion of the money should be expended contracts
should be made for the completion of the work.
We have the report of the officer in charge, that
there is a large force employed on it, and that
undei the expectation an appropriation would be
made, proposals have been invited some time
since, upon which he expects to make contracts
for the completion of the aqucducr. The precise
amount required he cannot say. He say?, how-
ever, that if he is again to advertise and to dis-
charge the force at present employed, consisting of
nearly two thousand men, great loss and dciay
mustensue. Under these circumstances the com-
mittee recommend that the House recede from
its disagreement.
The nineteenth amendment is an appropriation
for certain custom-houses which arc enumeiated
in Miscellaneous DocumentNo. 120. Theamount
of the various appropriations in it for Eliewoith,
Portsmouth, &o., is $*257,000. The Secretary of
the Treasury informs us that if this sum be ap-
propriated these buildings can be completed and
occupied during the ensuing fiscal year. There
is also an appropriation for furnishing them. The
committee recommends that the House recede
from its disagreement to that amendment.
The twenty-first amendment is for fencingand
grading, and for furnishing buildings enumerated
in the other amendment, amounting to the sum
of $97,400; of this, $20,000 is for furnishing build-
ings which are already completed, and now ready
for use. The committee recommends that the
House concur m the appropriations for the cus-
tomhouses at New Orleans and Charleston, with
amendments reducing the amounts §100,000 in
each case. There is no reduction of the appro-
priations for the remaining custom-houses, nor in
the appropriations for the marine hospitals. The
committee recommend the adoption of the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That no part of the sums herein appropriated
for the completion of custom-houses and marine hospitals,
excepting those for Charleston and New Orleans, shall be
expended until the Secretary of the Treasury shall be sat-
isfied that the sums respectively appropriated will complete
the buildings for which they are intended.and until arrange-
ments shall be madi^to carry this into effect.
We are informed that the rents paid by the
Government at several of these places exceed the
amount required to finish and to furnish these
buildings. Therefore, to appropriate money to
finish and to furnish these buildings, is a meas-
ure of economy.
Mr. CHAPMAN. Is there such a proviso an-
nexed to the appropriations for the custom-houses
at New Orleans and Charleston ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is not. The
Secretary of the Treasury informs us, in submit-
ting the estimates for the custom-houses at New
Orleans and Charleston, that the sum recom-
mended for those custom-houses will not be suf-
ficient to complete them.
The committees of conference had not time to
consider the plans of those buildings with a view
to recommend any change in the plan of their con-
struction.
Mr. LETCHER. If I understand that pro-
viso, none of the money appropriated for thfs pur-
pose is to be expended until the Secretary of the
Treasury has first ascertained that each and all
of these buildings can be completed for the sum
specified for each.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. With the excep-
tion of the custom-houses at New Orleans and
Charleston.
Mr. LETCHER. So I understand. Now we
have heard all along that it was necessary to
make these appropriations because there were
subsisting contracts, which if we failed to appro-
priate for, the contractors would come in here for
damages. If the Secretary has the discretion, how
is this difficulty to be gotten over?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The committee
thought that there need not be so much marble
procured for the next year, and not so much pre-
pared for use, and therefore they reduced the ap-
propriation.
Mr. LETCHER. Are the Charleston and New
Orleans custom-houses the only ones where there
are contracts?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No.
Mr. LETCHER. The discretion applies to all.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. We have the
assurance of Captain Bowman, and of the Sec-
retary himself, that the buildings m reference to
which we have attached this proviso, can be com-
pleted with these appropriations. That was the
reason the amendment was recommended to be
concurred in.
Mr. MILES. Is it not stated in the report of
Captain Bowman that all these custom-houses,
with the exception of those at Charleston and New
Orleans, can be completed with the amount of
money contained in this appropriation?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This appropria-
tion for the custom-houses and the marine hos-
pitals will complete them, and furnish the build-
ings, with the exception named by the gentleman
from South Caiolina.
The twenty-first and twenty-second amend-
ments are merely incidental to the construction
and completion of these works, such as fencing,
grading, and furnishing these buildings, and some
marine hospitals.
The twenty-third amendment appropriates
$5,000 to complete the series of portraits of the
Presidents under a law of Congress. The Com-
mittee on the Library say this sum is necessaty.
The thirty-fourih amendment appropriates *
48,608 to pay the expenses of volunteer compa-
nies called out by Governor Geary to pieseive
peace in Kansas. They were commanded by men
of opposite paities. The Delegate from Kansas
has informed the members of the committee that
the men have not been paid, with the exception
of a small amount advanced by Governor Geary.
The thirty-ninth and fortieth amendments are
to supply deficiencies upon the part of the Senate
in lithographing, engraving, and binding, oidered
by the Senate during the present session. Tiie
