1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1945
Arenas, in Nicaragua, was without the authority of law,
and meets the condemnation of this House.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, obtained the
floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JOKES. The point I wish
to make 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has the floor.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I understand that;
but I ask the gentleman from Kentucky to yield
to me a moment.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have but
a word to say. I desire to say to the gentleman
from North Carolina, that I desire that such a dis-
position shall 5e made of this report that we can
discuss it. I want to speak upon it, and it is my
purpose to do so; antj I will say to the gentleman,
that I have been desirous to speak on the subject
for three months.
Mr. CLINGMAN. So have I.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, There is a
resolution by which we can have night sessions
in the Committee of the.Whole.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. There is no such
resolution. It did not pass.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It did not
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. No, sir; it was
withdrawn.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. This dis-
cussion mi^htgo over until to-mouow 
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I do not understand—and I hope
the Chair will correct me if I am in error—that
there is anything now before the House. I under-
stand that the gentleman from North Carolina did
not offer to put this question now before the House
upon its passage, but simply requested the House
to allow him the privilege, by unanimous consent,
to .say to-morrow what he would have to say to-
day. I do not object to that. If the gentleman
asks that, then, if I am not mistaken, the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] cannot dis-
cuss this question in its present condition. I am
willing that this question should be resumed to
suit the gentleman from North Carolina, provided
he confines himself to-morrow to the morning
hour; for at the end of tSie morning hour of each
and every day I hope the House will resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the [Jnion. If debate on this subject can be con-
fined to the morning hour, I have no objection to
its postponement.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman's question of ouW.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, it is that there is
nothing before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
there are two reports before the House for consid-
eration, which the House must dispose of either
by a motion to postpone, or by action upon them
in some way.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker—
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I merely
wish to sav to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, that I have no objection to his being heard
upon this subject to-morrow at one o'clock, but I
want the matter so arranged that the rest of* us
who desire to be heard upon it, may be heard in
continuation at the same tune.
Mr. CLINGA'IAN. I desire exactly what my
friend wishes. Ordinarily I would have gone on
and made my statement to-day. 1 have given my
reasons for desiring delay. * hope the gentleman
over the way [A'lr. J. Glancy Jo>ncbj will le-
member that the Committee on Foreign Affairs
have not occupied live minutes of the time of the
House this session. I have spnken on no ques-
tion. The question before, us is a very important
one,and 1 hope the gentleman will allow the gen-
tleman from Alabama and others, if they desire,
to get in their reports in the morning, I have
personal reasons for desiring totake the floor to-
morrow morning. My proposition is to postpone
the consideration of these two reports until the
time I have mentioned; and whenever I have made
the statement I desire, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky or any other gentleman can take the floor,
as the resolutions will be before the House lor all
purposes. I hope the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, considering that the business of his com-
mittee has heretofore mainly occupied the attention
of the House, will waive his objection and grant
my request. If I had not a particular reason for
my request, I would not make it to the House.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the resolutions
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. My whole object
is to confine the debate to the morning hour, in
order that public business may be resumed at that
time. I do not want to interpose any objection
to the gentleman from North Carolina taking any
day fordiscussion that may suit his convenience,
if he will only confine the debate to the morning
hour, and if it js not disposed of jn that time, then
that he shall take the morning hour of the next
day, and so on from day to day until it is dis-
posed of.
Mr, CLINGMAN. I know the gentleman's
courtesy is extreme, and I am obliged to him for
it; but it does seem to me that he is the last man
upon this floor to make objection to that time,
since his committee has mainly occupied the time
of the House heretofore. I think it no special
magnanimity upon their part to concede this re-
quest.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The debate upon
the appropriation bills has all been on the subject
of Kansas.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I know it; but still, the j
bills reported by the Committee of Ways and i
Means have been under consideration. j
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle- ;
man funn Georgia [Mr. Seward] cannot be en-
tertained until the motion to postpone is disposed !
of. ;
Mr. MORGAN. I object to all further debate,
j We have had enough of it. i
I Mr. REAGAN. Will it b" in order to rece
I to lay this subject upon the table :
i The SPEAKER. It will.
| Mr. REAGAN. Then I make that motion.
[ Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Is it in order to
' move to postpone until a particular day ?
The SPEAKER. It is; but the motion to lay
upon the table takes precedence.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I ask to have ,
the resolution reported. j
Air. RARKSDALE. I desire to have all the 1
resolutions tvpoi fed. t
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the res- ,
I olution accompanying the second report. It has
: not been read. „ j
| The resolution was read, and is as follows: |
j Wheiea--, the treaty between the I'nitnd cUau-vaml Gieat ;
J But-un, d'v-iirnutod ii: the Cla\ ton r>ul\vei treatv, is, uihI-t !
| the mtei pretanon placed upon it by Gieaf Bi nam. n - mien- j
1 dor of the rights of tine coiinfi v, and. utwn toe American :
j eon ?tiuenon," an entan^imi alliance,' uuliout mutuality, 1
| cuhra* in !f> Ix'nnUr-: oi r^tm-uoo1-. and ha* Kth'Tto boon
| productive only of iru>under.-'faiidin;^ and eontrove'.sies be- ;
I tweon the two Governments : 'i horelore.
j Rr-i.jhcd >>u l/re Senate art 1J of llejin'MUitalive* of
! the C'nitcd Slolcs of *.1men< ri *>\ nv nmhlcd, That
i the President of Pie United ^tat"-? be i equated to take such
! sTop^ a^ may be, m lu^ pdmnent, btM calculated to ellcet a
l speedy abiogation of ?ncli ticaty.
i Mr. REAGAN. I withdraw my motion to lay
1 that resolution on the table.
; The SPEAKER. Tin* Chair would state that
it is impossible for th^ two reports to be eonsid-
i ered together, so far as voting upon them is con- ;
! ceroid, though they may be discussed together. i
: Air. CLINGMAN. Then take up the first res-
i olution reported and have that disposed of first,
I if there is objection to their being considered to- 1
: gether.
| Air. REAGAN, f move to lay the first rc-so- 1
I lotion and the substitute offered by the gentleman i
1 ftom Mississippi, upon the table. :
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Perm- ,
sylvania offered a substitute, and the gentleman
from Mississippi gave notice that he would offer i
a substitute * ;
Air. CLINGMAN. I withdraw the last report j
until the first one is decided upon.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to offer a reso-
lution, as a substitute, now.
Mr. CLINGMAN. J hope the second propo- j
sition v/i!l be postponed.
Air. LOVE.TOY. Can the report be withdiawn
after the motion has been made to lay upon the
table ?
Mr. OLTNGMAN. T sent thrm to the Clerk's
table together, and the Clerk read the wrong one
first, by mistake. 3 intended that the sccond '
should be presented fnst.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I object to its
going over until to-morrow. The consequence
will be that the morning hour will be consumed
by the gentleman from North Carolina, and no-
body else will have a chance to say a word,
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion,
after the statement of the gentleman from North
Carolina, that the second one was intended to be
presented first, and that the gentleman is entitled
to withdraw it; otherwise he would hold that the
motion to lay upon the table would prevent its
withdrawal.
Mr. LOVEJOV. Did the gentleman from Texas
make the motion to lay upon the table?
The SPEAKER. He did.
Air. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I withdraw my
objection. I was laboring under a mistake.
The SPEAKER. The resolution relative to the
Clayton and Bulwcr treaty is before the House.
Mr. R,ITClIiE. That resolution did not. meet
with the unanimous approbation of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs. I hope that it will be
postponed, and at the proper time I desire to be
heard in opposition to the resolution.
Air. MORGAN. Is it competent to object to
its going over until to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman to make the motion to postpone.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My motion is to recom-
mit and postpone.
The SPEAKER. That is not the motion the
Chair entertained.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I make the motion
to postpone simply.
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest that it be postponed
until Monday next.
Air. CLINGMAN. It will not answer my pur-
pose, because there is an important matter of pri-
vate business which will compel my absence from
ha*'1 at the end of the week.
Air. WASIXBURNE, of Illinois. I can sug-
gest a mode by which tins can be settled—let it
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and the gentleman can make
his speech there.
Air. CLINGMAN. I may not get the floor. 1
move to recomnntand postpone un'-il to-morrow.
Air. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I object.
Air COLFAX. I move to lay the subject upon
the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 3D, nays 1IU; as follows:
YEA?—Messi'*. Aiuiiews, Bennett, Bi'hnehui-t, Blajr,
Bh.-f. Biifilnton,a ClaiK,Claw-son, CoU.ix,Crai?iu.liam-
rcil. IUvk of Iowa. Dean, Dodd, F.nn^voith, Gtddmi.-,
Gi anger, Grow, lloheit B. Hall, Harlan, Kel-.ev. Ivitooie,
lvn.ipp, I.eaeh. Lejter, Lovejoy. Matte^on. Mo^an, Free-
man !1 Moi.-e, NschoK, Pike, St.wasd, Jnd-.on W. Sher-
man, William f^lewait, Tompkms Wade, Walbndge, JB1-
liiiu B "Wu-hhurnc! nnd Wlnrelej—09.
NAYS—Mppms. Adiam. Anderson,Atkins,Aveiy,Bark^-
d'tie. Bovee, Brunch, Brav ton, Bryan, ButJingamo, Burnett,
J>iun i, Cfi^kie, John 13. Clnik, Clay, Clemens, Clubman,
Cobb, Jonn Cochrane, Cockerdl, Comipy, Cox. Burton
Cia'jre, Cut i v, Curtis, Davidson, Davis of Mai jla>;d, Davis
of'Indiana, Davis oi MassaWiu^ert-*, Dewni t, Bowdeii, J-ur-
foe, Edrmmdson, Eu:-tis, Faulkner, Foley, GartrelJ.
C'iinan. Gilmer. Goodc, Greenwood. Gicjrg, Lawienef W.
Hail, Thomas L flairis=, Ilawkn-w. Ilk-kman, Hoaul, Hoi-
ton, Howaid, HuvJei, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett. George
Vv*. Jones. J. Glancj'Jones, Owen Jone*, I\ !o™. Jacob M.
K.uikei, La'i.ar, Leidv, Letcher, McKihlnn, McCiueen,
liumplnry Marshall, Samuel S, AT.n^hall, Ma-son. Mn\
naid. Miller, Million, Bdwaid Joy Moms, I.-aac N. Mou
Nihlack, OJin, Barker, Pendleton, Petnr, Prjion, Pheip-,.
P< w'il. Beady, Koag.m, RoilJy, Ilseaud, Bitchio, Bo\ce,
Jiutiin. Rti^cii. Samlid<,'e, rtavaire, 'Scales. fcScott. Jolm Sher-
m in. Smu'l-toii, Itoheit Smith,"tSamn^l A. Fuuth, William
Smuii. ^pmnei, ^teph'inp, Trippf , Underwood. Walton,
Cadwal.'iiet C. War-hBti' a, Walking, White, Woodson, Au-
gn.^tu-5 II. Wiigur. and John V. Wriqht—110.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. PENDLETON" stated that his colleague
[Mr. Groi>beck] was detained at his house by
severe indisposition.
Mr. StlOilTSR stated thnt he had paired off
with Mr. Burroughs on political c^estions; and
if he had not paired off, he would have voted in
Mr." B ILL IN GIIURST sai J: Mr. Speaker, I
ask leave to vote. When my name was called I
was n!>sent, otti nding the session of one of the
eommitteep. of the House, with the permission of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
