1946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
it has been customary to allow a member to vote
under the circumstances.
Mr. Billinghurst's vote was received.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Has the morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not. There are two
or three minutes left.
-Mr. KUNKELS of Maryland. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. CLING-MAN. That will cut off the mo-
tion to postpone. "
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I am prepared
to vote on the Question now.
Mr. CLING-MAN*. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that call-.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I will withdraw
it if the gentleman wishes to speak now. I want
the resolution acted on now. If the question be
opened to general debate we will have to rescind
the resolution for adjournment on the 7th of June
next. I hope the gentleman will make his re-
marks ftow.
, Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the call for the previous question. I
•want to say something on it.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I will withdraw
it to let the gentleman be heard. .
Mr. CLINGMAN. I only ask an opportunity
to be heard as chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will make a motion to recommit, and. then the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] submit
his motion to go to the business upon the Speak-
er's table, this matter will come up to-morrow in
order, and the gentleman can have the floor to
make his speech.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection to
that; but I thought the other motion was as ac-
ceptable to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The reason why
I prefer the motion I suggest is this: if the ques-
tion be postponed until one o'clock to-morrow,
the morning hour will be consumed, and then the
gentleman from North Carolina will take another
hour in which to make his speech on this report;
and the result will be that it will be two o'clock
and after before we get into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We have gone into com-
mittee every day, and I do not think that my re-
quest is unreasonable.
The question was taken on Mr. Clingman's.
motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have another report to
make from the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has now
expired.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that the
House proceed to the consideration of the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
PARAGUAY.
Mr. RITCIIIE. I would like to make some
reports from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
that they may be printed. I do not propose any
action.now. I ask unanimous consent.
There was no objection.
Mr. RITCHIE, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a resolution on the Paraguay
difficulty; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
CLAI&I OF MAINE AND MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. RITCHIE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill in relation to the claim of Maine and
Massachusetts; which was read a firstand second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
The House then proceeded to the business upon
the Speaker's table.
EXPENSES IN KANSAS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, asking
an appropriation to reimburse John W. Geary,
late Governor of Kansas, a balance due hun for
disbuisements in that Territory; which was re-
ferred to the Committee ofWays and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House re-
ports from the Court of Claims, and stated that
the adverse reports would, according to the rules,
be placed on the Calendar, and the bills would be
considered as read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
The next business in order was a resolution
(S. No. 4) to extend the operation of the act ap-
proved January 16, 1857, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled ' An act to promote the effi-
ciency of the Navy.' "
The House sent the resolution back to the Sen-
ate with an amendment. The Senate agreed to
the amendment of the House with t*he following
amendments:
Stake out the word "seventeenth," and insert in lieu
thereof " sixteenth," so that the amendment would read,
"except as to any case pending and undetermined before
any court of inquiry under the act of 16th January, 1857."
And add as follows:
And excepting, also, the case of any officer who was ab-
sent from the country at the time of the passage of said act,
and had not returned previous to the 16tli of January, 1858,
and any such officer shall be entitled to ail the privileges
corifeired by is<ud act: Provided, That Jig applies lor the
benefit thereof any time within sixty days after Ins return.
The amendments of the Senate were concurred
in.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA.
An act (S. No. 86) for the admission of the
State of Minnesota into the Union was then taken
up and read a first and second time.
The bill was read in ertf.nso.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to
amend the bill by striking out " two" and insert-
ing " three," so as to give Minnesota three mem-
bers in this House instead of two. I also move
to strike out all after theword " Congress" in the
second line of the second section, and to insert,
in lieu thereof, the words:
Until a census be taken; and after that to as many as the
State may be entitled to under the general apportionment
of Representatives amongst the several States.
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman will insert
in his amendment that the members of Congress
shall be elected by single districts. I presume
there will be no objection to that. The constitu-
tion of Minnesota does not provide for districting
the State.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. X should object
to that amendment, as the election lias been held
and the members elect were elected by general
ticket.
Mr. GARNETT. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Georgia to permit me to offer an amendment
to his amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will do so.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to strike out " two,"
and insert " one," so as to give Minnesota only
one Representative upon this floor; and, if I can
get an opportunity hereafter, I shall briefly give
my reasons for offering the amendment.
Mr. KINGSBURY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, I do not want
to take up the time of the House myself; but I
promised toyield to the Delegate from Minnesota.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. The chairman of
(he Committee on Territories permits me to put
a question to him. I desire to know at what time
a census was taken in Minnesota, and what was
the amount of population?
Mr. KINGSBURY. Allow me to answer the
question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I understand
that the census has not been completed; but the
Delegate ftom Minnesota desires the ear of the
House upon that point; and I will yield to him.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Do {under-
stand the gentleman from Georgia as retaining the
floor while the Delegate from Minnesota speaks?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands.
Mr. MARSHALL, ofKentucky. I object to it.
The SPEAKER. Then it cannot be done.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Georgia to allow me to offer my amendment, that
the House may vote upon it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There are two
amendments already pending.
Mr. BRANCH. Is the motion to strike out
and insert divisible?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Does the Chair
understand the gentleman from Georgia as sur-
rendering the floor?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota cannot occupy the floor during the time of
the gentleman from Georgia, if it be objected to;
and the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shall] objects to it.
Mr.EUSTIS. Is it in order to make a motion
to lay the whole -subject upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Geor-
gia was not occupying the floor, and the gentle-
man should be recognized, it would be in order
for him to make the motion.
Mr. EUSTIS. I thought I had the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 have yielded
the floor to the gentleman from Minnesota.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
have the amendments read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to under-
stand the position of the gentleman from Georgia,
and whether he occupies the floor or not?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not wish
to occupy the time of the House myself in the
discussion of this bill, and I do not know that it
is the desire of a majority of the House that it
shall be discussed. I would be glad to yield to
the Delegate from Minnesota; but, m order to test
the sense of the House whether they arc ready to
vote upon the bill, I move the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. We will vote it
down.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If you vote it
down, then the bill will be open to debate.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I trust the previ-
ous question will not be sustained. I gave notice
of a substitute which I intended to offer, and I
desire to have an opportunity of offering it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask for tell-
ers on the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marshall.
of Kentucky, and Avery were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes G8, noes 81.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. KINGSBURY. I move an amendment,
to strike out " two" and insert " three," so that
Minnesota shall be entitled to three members of
this House.
The SPEAKER. That amendment is already
pending.
Mr. KINGSBURY. Mr. Speaker, I have a
few remarks to submit to the House upon the
question of population; and, in order that I may
confine myself strictly to the statistics of this sub-
ject, I have chosen this mode of presenting them:
It will be recollected by every gentleman who
was a member of the last House of Representa-
tives, that in the enabling act for Minnesota, passed
at a late day of the session, there was a stipula-
tion providing for the taking of a census, at ua
early a period after the acccptance of the enabling
act by the constitutional convention as possible.
This was, undoubtedly, well,so far as it extended;
but, in order to accomplish this result in aTerri-
tory whose population is distributed over an area
of ninety thousand square miles—in a latitude of
extreme severity—at a season of the year when
the streams were swollen to an impassable extent,
and the swamps and morasses full, required an
amount of means which the marshal was unable
to supply his deputies with—a sufficient amount
not having been furnished by the Interior Depart-
ment, in the absence of an appropriation for that
purpose; hence the delay and impossibility of
taking such enumeration. As fast as deputies
could be found willing to undertake a task involv-
ing so much labor, at so limited a compensation
as the law provides, they have been appointed.
1 Quite a number, however, threw up tneir com-
| missions, and refused to proceed without pecu-
1 niary compensation received m advance. And one
at least, finding that he must wait until the De-
partment should receive all the returns before au-
diting the accounts, destroyed the records. The
marshal has, from time to time, inclosed such re-
turns as he finds properly made out, to the Sec-
retary of the Interior. And I find that, within
the last few days, a final report has been for-
warded, embracing nearly all the State, together
with a clear and succinct statement of the diffi-
culties attendant upon the taking of this census,
giving something over one hundred and fifty
thousand people—exclusive of mixed bloods and
Indians who have adopted the habits and customs
of civilization—in the limits of the proposed State.
With these few facts to predicate an opinion upon?
