860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
were deemed then important to the success of
that:
"If a Democratic member of Congress i? led by his judg-
ment and his conscience to vote for the bill, as we hopo all
Democrats will be led to do, and lie retains to his constitu-
ents to encounter the clamor of Whigs' and Abolitionists,
together with disaffected men of his own party, no pen>ible
man, at leas-t no* man who understands and appreciates the
character of the Executive, will believe that the President
will allow such factious men to wield public patronage to
overthrow him."
If the promise was sacredly kept, others will
defend its good faith..
Thus it is, sir, that we have come to have two-
partiesin this country with interests, feelings, and
purposes diametrically opposed—I might say al-
most geographically divided—the one now wield-
ing the power of the Government for the exten-
sion and perpetuation of slavery, whether this be
accomplished by the support of the dogma (as
applied) of popular sovereignty, or in defiance of
it; whether, with regard to the rights of the States
and the security and welfare of the people of the
Territories, or in utter violation thereof, with the
monstrous intention of canying slavery with the
marching banner of our country's expanse. The
other, the Republican party, committed to the sup-
port of freedom, and sworn to its defense in what-
ever form and from whatever quarter attacked.
The first, sir, are subject to the charge of guilty
complicity in the atrocities that fill every page of
the history of Kansas, and are now engaged, in
violation of all rules known to self-government
and in utter disregard of the usages and rights of
civilized people, m forcing a constitution with the
perpetual imposition of slavery upon an unwilling
community.
But, sir, the issue has wider range—this is only
the theater of its present noting, its immediate,
pressing aspect. Beyond this, I have just reason
to charge not only upon this party the puipose
of overriding all the anti-slavery covenants of the
people, and all the anti-slavery guaranties of the
Constitution, to break down and crush out the
anti-slavery sentiment of the North, and to plant
slavery in the Territories; but to reopen the for-
eign slave trade, and ultimately to carry slavery
into the States where it is not, in defiance of the
powers of Congress or of the States to prevent it.
The object of the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise is proclaimed, by one of its supporters, to
have been—
" 'To pur the slavery qne>tion upon pome common ground
where a party could be tallied stimig enough to administer
the Government justly upon other than purely sectional
ideas; to remove the ban und'T which tiio dome-tic insti-
tutionsiofihcfcjouthhad been placed by Federal legislation
and,J although not all the South wa> entitled to, it was a
gieat advance upon the old older of thing", because it le-
inoved an imju-t and odious di^ciimmation against her do-
mestic institutions from the statute-book—a moral triumph
which was of vast importance to the South, and to the insti-
tution of slaveiy itself.5 "
The present purposes of the slave power are
frankly disclosed in the following article, which
appeared in the Union of the 17th of November
last:
<kThe Constitution declares that 'the citizens of each
Stale shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities
of citizens in the several States.' Eveiy citizen of one State
coming into another State has, thercloic, a light to the pio
tection of his person, and that property which is recognized
as such by the Constitution ot the United States, any law
of a Stale to the contrary notwithstanding. So fat fiornany
State having a right to deprive hun ot this propetty, his its
bounden duty to piotect him in its possession.
<£ If these view.- are correct—and we believe it would be
difficult to invalidate tliein—it follows that all State laws,
whether organic or otherwise, which prohibit a citizen of one
State from settling in another, and bnn<i'mg his slave piop-
erty with him, and most especially declaring it forfeited, are
direct violations of the original intention of a Government
which, n* before stated, is the protection of person and prop-
erty, and of the Constitution of the United States, which
recognizee property in slaves, and declaies that' the citizens
of each State shall be entitled to all the privilege^ and im-
munities of citizens in the several StateV amongthe most
essential of winch is the protection of peibon and property."
And this but corroborates the evidence daily
swarming around us, of the design of this power
to subjugate the country to the sway of African
barbarism. Not only shall slavery be carried to
the Territories, under the protecting folds of the
Constitution; that it shall be protected there by
the power of the Federal Government; but that no
power, not even the Congress nor the people of
the Territories, can prevent or remove it,and not
even State sovereignty is a barrier to the blight-
ing curse.
To this have we come; and do you, sir, and
gentlemen, think_that the people of the North will
submit? You might as well expect the hand, with
fiendish malevolence, to pluck from the body all
that is vital and lovely, .as well, I was about to
say, expect Heaven to cast off the redeemed and
give place to the damned.
To this, sir, have the Democracy come—that
party so successful in its achievements, under a
Jefferson and a Jackson, that its trophies embel-
lish the political history of our country. But, sir,
it is not the Democracy of past days—it is the
Administration Democracy, the Democracy of the
slave power, or whatever you please to call it—
that, it toas not. True Democracy—the Democ-
racy ofearher and better days—would not engage
in ravaging the sacred interests of freedom.
The doctrine of the Supreme Court, that slavery
is above all laws, all constitutions, and all power
to dislodge it, and that black men have no rights
that white men are bound to respect, is to be, it
is feared, if it is not already, made their basis of
action and the rule,of faith. And in paving the
way, gentlemen are impelled to resort, with impo-
tent sophistry, m defense of this institution they
thus seek to extend, and to invest with political
umpirage over a free people, to the superseded
practices of early Bible record, forgetting the Di-
vine injunction, the duration of which is as the
universe of God, saying that " whatsoever ye
would that men should do to you, do ye even
so to them." The Bible teaches the heaven-
born equality of man, the great fundamental prin-
ciples of justice and morality that underlie all law
that dictates the formation of the jurisprudence
of any great and just nation; and upon this basis
our people and all other people "must plant them-
selves, that hope and expect to advance the cause
of right, and elevate the character and condition
of man.
Suppose our land with no human being upon
its wide-extended surface, and suddenly thereon
should arise twenty-five million of blacks and
threehundred and fifty thousand ofhvhitemen,the
black men possessing, as they would, the physical
power to make the others their bondmen—1 sup-
pose the scriptural argument of gentlemen would
not be deemed pertinent, for I believe their doc-
trine is founded on the right of the stronger to
subject and enslave the weaker, rather than upon
the alleged inferiority of the black race, or a spe-
cial designation of omnipotent law that the black
man in our midst is doomed to perpetual bondage.
I do not rise, however, to discuss the merits of
slavery in the abstract, nor its suitableness or
adaptation to the local communities where it exists
by peaceably enacted law, but to speak of it m an-
other character, a different field, where it affects
us as a political community, our welfare and hap-
piness, the durability of our institutions; whether
these cherished hopes and privileges of our people
shall be brief and volatile, the charm of a day, or
whether they shall remain linn in the hearts and
political action of this great people for all time to
come.
I need not speak of the invidious discrimina-
tion that this power makes to favor its purposes
in nearly every measure of general legislation and
of executi ve action; of the appointment to offices of
power and trust of no person under your Govern-
ment who is not orthodox upon the question of sla-
very; of the large appropriations made for objects
of doubtful expediency in the South, while the
same class North are rejected wholly or supported
meagerly—as instanced in the improvement of
Cape Fear river, while, at the same time, an appro-
priation for St. Clair flats was rejected—the latter
having more tonnage and shipping pass its chan-
nels and ways in a year than the former in a gener-
ation of men; and the expenditure at Richmond,
Virginia, of a quarter of a million dollars for a cus-
tom-house, with comparatively little commerce,
while theportof Buffalo, with more than quadru-
ple the commerce (see Com. and Nav. Rep., 1857)
is turned away withabout an equal sum for like
purposes. Yes, sir, the latter, with a foreign and
home shipping and tonnage that the former, how-
ever much she tnaj strive to emulate, will never be
likely to attain. These are instances; the invest-
igation might be pursued, exhibiting equal intol-
erance in politics and unfairness of governmental
protection.
But it is not for this we now complain; it is in
behalf of order, justice, and freedom. Wo appeal
to the love of right and the patriotism of our op-
ponents, and ask them to join us in maintaining
those principles which are the law of national vir-
tue and peace and the basis of liberty. In vain
do we arrange in this way Or that way for the
financial depletion of the Treasury; that we adopt
this or that mode of foreign policy; that we build
ships of war sufficient to repel upon the ocean the
combined naval armament of the world, or mul-
tiply our military forces upon land garrisoned at
every point of accessible attack; while we mis-
understand, or, if understood, misapply the great
principles of republican freedom.
All other questions sink into insignificance be-
side the paramount question of human rights and
the inalienable political equality of man, the sub-
stratum upon which the whole fabric of American
independence was reared. Disturb the super-
structure, and the edifice is imperiled; remove it,
and the whole of its beautiful proportions, reared
by the patriotism and cemented by the blood of
our fathers, will fall a shapeless ruin.
If you resist this appeal, made by the people
of Kansas and the popular heart of the North
through their presses, their immense assemblages,
and their Representatives in Congress, and its
thousand other ways, too plain to be misunder-
stood, may not this people with whom you have
broken the bond of common humanity and broth-
erhood and again trampled under foot the honor
and justice they had a right to expect at your
hands, demand redress? They will say, they now
say, that that " one blood," of which God has
created all the people that dwell upon the face of
the earth, demands an audience at the court of
power, where they may not plead as heretofore,
but declare in the name of the Congress and the
people, that no more soil shall be given over to
slavery; that the Government shall be adminis-
tered so as to secure the ends of liberty and jus-
tice, instead of despotism and wrong. Heie they
will take their stand, and while aiming with
steady purpose to effect these objects with peace-
ful means, within constitutional limits, yetshould
these fail, effect them they will. They propose no
innovation upon the established policy of the
Government; .they only insist upon following in
the path illumined by Jefferson and Madison and
their compeers in the earlier and better days of
the Republic; they claim that this Government
shall be marched in the forefront of civilization
and Christianity, like the pillar of cloud by day
and fire by night before the Israelites, leading our
people to prosperity,greatness, and peace. This
is the law of American duty; it was taught by
our pilgrim fathers, enjoined by the heroes of the
Revolution, and the immortal authors of our in-
dependence and constitutional Union; it is com-
manded by the noblest system of civil and reli-
gious freedom that man has ever founded, by the
voice of patriotism and the genius of liberty.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee then obtained the
floor, but yielded it to
Mr. MAYNARD, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Greenwood reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill of the House (No. 5) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the va-
rious tribes of Indians, for the year ending June
30, 1859, and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. COMINS, (at fif-
teen minutes to six o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 25,1858.
Prayer by Rev. H. N. Sipes.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a letter of the Secretary of War, communicating ,
copies of two maps to accompany the report of
Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Graham, transmitted to
the Senate on the 10th instant, in compliance with
the resolutions of the 4th, 5th, and 20th of Jan-
uary; and, on motion of Mr. Stuart, the letter
and accompanying maps were referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
