1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BPOWN. I am requested to present the pe-
tition of Robert A. Wainwrijrht, a captain in the
ordnance department of the Army, for the reim-
bursement of a sum of public money which was
stolon from him in Boston, while acting as com-
mandant of the arsenal at Watertown, Massachu-
setts, for which he has accounted to the United
States. It was designed that my colleague should
introduce this memorial, for the reason that he is
mote familiar with the usages of the Government j
in matters of this kind than myself; but he being
detained from his seat by indisposition, I intro-
duce it; and when he comes back into the Senate,
he will take charge of it. I move that it be referred (
to the Committee on Claims. j
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented a j
petition of citizens of Woodbury, New Jersey, i
praying for the adoption of some measure by |
which the southern States shall receive a faircom- 1
pensation out of the public Treasury or public i
domain for their slaves, when they shall think j
proper to emancipate them; which was ordered to 1
he on the table. \
Mr. GREEN presented the memorial of J. & j
R. H. Porter, praying for remuneration for losses •
sustained while transporting merchandise to Great ,
Salt Lake City, in consequence of orders of the j
commander of the United States troops in the Ter- |
ritorv of Utah; which was referred to the Commit- j
tee on Military Affairs and Militia. :
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED. j
On motion of Mr. KING, it was j
Ordered, That^he petition "of Jacob Washington Morse, j
on the files of the Senate, be releried to the Committee on }
Private Land Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Comntittee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of John :
M.Chase and others,owners of the bark Attica,
reported a bill (S. No. 1G7) for the relief of the |
owners of the bark Attica, of Portland, Maine; ]
which was read, and passed to a second reading. 1
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public [
Lands, to whom was referred the joint resolution |
(S. No. 19) to extend the limitations of the act !
entitled ' 'An act for the relief of citizens of towns \
upon lands of the United States, under certain j
circumstances/' approved March 23, 1844, re- ;
ported it without amendment, and that it ought ;
not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom |
was referied the papers relating to the claim of ;
B.E. Edwards, asked to be discharged from their .
further consideration, and that they be referred ;
to the Committee on Private Land Claims; which ;
was agreed to. . !
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee ontheDis- ^
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the me- j
morial of the Corporation of Georgetown in rela-
tion to the expenses of county roads in Washing-
ton county, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 168) to* relieve the Corporation of
Georgetown from the expense of making and re-
pairing roads west of Rock Creek. The bill was
' read, and passed to a second reading; and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 152) to incorporate
the Washington National Monument Society, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the memorial of Anthony
S. Robinson, submitted a report; which was or-
dered to be printed to accompany Senate bill No.
15S.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. POLK, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No, 169) relating to conflicting land claims; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an-
nouncing thatthc Speaker of the House had signed
an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 81) to amend 41 An
act for the relief of Whitemarsh B. Seabrook and
others;" which thereupon received the signature
of the Vice President.
NAVAL HISTORICAL RECORDS.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following resolution;
and, as it is one of inquiry, I ask that it may be
considered now:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Navy be directed fo
furni=h to the Senate, in tahUiarforai,abfatement«ho\vin£
the names, force, and other appropnate description of ail
vessels of the Navy of tiie United States which have been
captured, lost, or destroyed, since it? organization or ref-
lation in 1798; who commanded them at the time; for what
causc tiiey were so captured, lost, or destroyed; when and
where it occurred; uhethei the causes which pioduced
these results iveic ascertained by investigations by oonits-
martial, couits of inquiry, or otnenvise: the finding of such
couits-maitial, and the opinions of such court? oi inquiry,
(if cither or any were hold.) in each case; how iur those
findings and opinions were carried into effect by those on
whom devolved the duty of executing them : and, further,
to statu the name, character, and fotee, of all prices of ene-
mies'1 ve^sei -of-wai captured by the United States Navy,
which were retaken by said enemies in neutral poit*. by
which the captors were deprived of a right to pioperty there-
in, which light was confeired upon them by the law regu-
lating the apportionment and distubution of prize money
aiising from captures made by equal or inferior forces;
whether pnzes so ictakcn have been reclaimed from the
enemy or from any neutral Power, which hap thu=, m vio-
lation of international law, permitted prizes so situated to
be carried fi omits portorpoits by our enemy; and,further,
how, or whether, ihe said eaploia have been compensated,
or sustained in their right to property thus acquited ; and,
so far as the recoids of his Department may not supply the
mfoiniatioii, that he cause tiie same to be compiled irom
othei souices, (if such thcie be.) worthy, m his judgment,
of reliance, distinguishing, in such cases, the one souiee
fiom the other.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
fuim-h to the Senate a statement giving tiie names, char
actor, and foiee of anv a.id all ship* of war, or other armed
vessels, captured bvoui N.ivv, and vMtbsequently taken into ;
the seivice of the United State"-, failing a condemnation by !
our courts, oi w ithout a ju>>t or lobular valuation of them
ha\ mg hn< n made; and whethei in such ca>eL", if any, a fair
or equitable remuuerat'on ha-? been made to the captors tor
the tian-fer o! then pi ize&to the Government; and turther,
wheic any meiehant vessel has been justly captured by the
United State* Navy, which has not been sent home for
judicial examination oi condemnation, but which ha*, (mm
motive-; dictated bj State pokey, been taken from the cap-
tois and le-tored to pieviom owners, whether nrv, and if
any, a uui and equitable-remuneiatiou has been made to the
eaptoih lor ic^torat'on thus made.
Resolved, Tnat the. Seerctaiy of State be directed to fur-
nish to the Senate copies of any and all correspondence
which may have occuned with any torcign Goveinment
relative to puze vessels belonging to the Navy ot the Uni-
ted -State*, which have been taken from their ports by the
enemy, for reclamation of them, or their value; and also
copies of any repoi Nor correspondence of and with the cap-
tois of such vessels as have been taken fiom them in neu-
tral poits.
I will only say that the resolutions, ns their
tenor imports, are intended to draw from the Navy
Department materials lor correct history 111 refer-
ence to the career of the American Navy for many
years past, and at the same time to do justice, if
it shall appear that injustice has been done, to the
officers of the Navy making captmes during the
late war. I have piescntod them aftcragood deal
of conferencc and consultation, and at the sug-
gestion of one of the oldest and most distinguished
officers of the Navy. t ,
The resolutions were considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
CHRISTINE BARNARD.
Mr. IVERSON. I aak the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up the bill which I moved to take up
yesterday. It is a bill on its third reading, and
it will not take any time, I presume. It is the bill
(S. No. 91) to continue a pension of Christine
Barnard, of the United States Army, widow of
the late Brevet Major Moses J. Barnard, of the
United States Army.
Mr. BIGGS. The Senatorfrom Alabama, [Mr.
Clay,] who is a member of the Committee on
Pensions, signified yesterday that he expected to
make some opposition to this bill. I do not see
him mills seat now, and I hope the Senator trom
Georgia will waive tins motion until he comes into
the Chamber.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I suggest that
if we have leisure to take up this private bill, even
if there were no objection to it, 1 do not see why
we might not as well take up the Army bill. It
has been upwards of" a month under considera-
tion, and it ought certainly to be concluded to-
day. It has beenjoften at its conclusion hitherto,
but yet seems far from its end. In fact, for one,
as amember of the Committee on Military Affairs,
1 would beg leave to say that! shall never east a
vote here for an adjournment again, and I trust
a majority may be of the same opinion, until we
have disposed of that bill.
Mr. Ii'EIloON. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I mave
that we proceed to the consideration of the hill to
increase the military establishment of the United
States.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Before that is done, I
wish to make to the Senatea motion relating to a
subject peculiarly and indisputably one of priv-
ilege in this House, which I suppose is entitled to
precedence; if so, I will proceed with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will hear
the Senator.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have received, Mr.
President, a letter from my friend General Shields,
who claims in that letter a right to a seat in this
body, and has felt it his duty to his constituents,
as well as to himself, to press that claim upon the
attention of the Senate. The letter contains a brief
and very perspicuous exposition of his claim, and
the reason upon which it rests. I beg that that
letter may be read, as affording as brief a view
as can be presented of the merits of the case. I
shall conclude with a motion that the oath of of-
fice be administered to him, and that he be admit-
ted to take his seat; of which I trust the Senate
will approve. I desire that the Secretary will read
that letter to the Senate.
The Secretary rtad as follows:
Washington, February 24,1858.
Sir: I beg leave to offer a few reasons to show that Min-
nesota is one of the soveieign States of this Union. My
first piopOMtion i-=, that there are only two forms of political
otganization undei which a community of Amenean eiti-
: zcuscan legitimately exist within rite jurisdiction and under
the Constituiion of the United States. The one is the or-
j gamz iltoii of a Terutoiy of the Union ; the other, that of
! a State of the Union. These are the only dcteitnuiate
i shapes into which political communities can be molded un-
j deroui Constitution. Each has its appropriate place m our
I fcdeial s>stcm A community of American citizens living
1 under a teiritorial oigamzation is in dnect and legitimate
connrcuon with the Federal Government. That same com-
munity, tiansformed into a State, is also in dircct legitimate
connection with the Fedeinl Goveinment. In the transition
fiom a Temtoiy to a State, there is no point of time at
winch this connection can by any possibility be bioken.
The temtoual govcrnmentcontmues m full fmce until iti9
superseded by a State government; and whenever the peo-
ple constitute themselves lavviully into a State, it is, eo in-
tfanti, a State of ihe Union. There i-  no such political
anomaly as a State out of the Union, or not yet in the
Union. These erroneous term5* have been applied so vague-
ly to communities whose condition is not easily determined,
that the public begin to think there must be some interme-
diate piovi-ional,p!obationaiy state, m which communities
i aro sometime-; kept on their passage from the condition of
Temtories to that of soveieign States of Hie Union. Cali-
fornia was denominated, not many years ago, a State out of
the Union. Minnesota is, J suppose, at present considered
hv some a State not yet in the Union, or, perhaps, a provis-
ional State. Ortainlv the iepie>entapvcs of Minnesota are
at pie^ent in a provisional dilemma, not knowing whether
they ropiesenta State m the Union or out of the Union.
I now beg leave to refer you to the law of ib57., author-
izing the people of Minnesota to foim a State government.
The fn>t section contains the following language: "The
inhabitants of Minnesota arc heieby authorized to foim for
' tiicm.-elve-* a constitution and State government by the
name of Minnesota, and to come into the Union on an equal
' fiiotni" with the original States, accoiding to the Federal
! Con-tuution." licie the authonty is absolute and uneon-
! (huonal— first, to ibim a constitution and State govoin-
! ment: sccondlv, to come into the Union on an equal toot-
i in<j with the original States. Authority to make a State and
: authority to come into the Union. No language could be
1 more po-itive ; no authority could he mote plenary ; no act
j could be mote dcteimmate. 'Ihe people have pel formed
I then engagements in good laith, and thev have a right io
/ expect a*like compliance on the paitof Coiigi-e.-<?. These
i! engagements, too, affect the mo-t sacred of all poimcni
ij the constitutional lights of a poveieign State.« Tne
S| thud section ot the Minnesota enabling act ^lengthens and
ij conoborates this portion. It piovidos that a convention
it of delegates shall assemble at the capital of said loiriloiyoa
r tiie second Monday of July next. (IW/,)and first determine
! i hv a vote whether u is the wish of the people of too proposed
■ < State to be admitted into the Union "at that time.- Maik
i: the not thereafter; not upon the happening ot any
'' lutuiVcomWeiJCVj but - at that time," to wit: on the sec-
, ml Mo "y k. Julv, 1857; « ami .f «n,  that it they sliall
I i so determine, " si) H proceed to form a constitution, and to
I: t i'\C all necessary steps for the establishment ot a State gov-
il puiment m conformity with the Federal Constitution, sub-
■i ject to the appioval and ratification ot tiie people ot the pio-
!; ^Here^two things are to be specially observed : first, the
'i deteimination to become a State at that tune ; not the oe-
'' tei munition at that time to become a State, but a  .tatc at
i| that time. Second, the submwr-ion to the appioval and rat-
II iftcauon of the people. When wa-Minnesota to become a
[| <?tate? At th.it rune. How wa- her constitution toheiat-
t! j tied.?Bv submission to the people. She ha* complied with
|j everv requirement- Sheenteicd the Union at the tunopic-
| scribed; her con-tuution it. i an tied in the ma;uiei pre?
scnbod;
SCIlUwU, 11* '     . -
aui vof she is now as completely postponed and ignored a j
.t'ci.^hnddiMecarded all her obligation^. I'oi m-t me to^ito
'edeiits', which, I hope,will prove concin. iv«> m this
ca^e In lfilO, an cnabhng act was passed for Ohio, poiup-
what similar to, but not so deciMve a=-, the Minnesota act.
This authonty given wa; tg ior,i\ o, coustituuou ami  tat 
