1948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
events have convinced me that this was a prede-
termined plan. The first Legislature,elected with-
outlimitalion,underthisconsutution,has assumed
the functions of a State government; and so far,
have made no provision for the election of their
successors; and, sir, I believe they will retain their
power until they fill the vacancy in the Senate of
the United States for the short term; and as much
longer as their reckless temerity will allow them.
It is true that I find in a subsequent section a
declaration that the members of the Council of the
next Legislative Assembly shall be elected every
two years. Bijt that does not apply to the mem-
bers of the present Legislature, nor to the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives of any future
Legislature. So that here there is either a pal-
pable blunder arising from the mode and manner
in which the constitution was framed, or else there
was a predetermined arrangement by which those
who might succeed in the firstelcction could main-
tain their power in all time to come.
There is another provision which, in my judg-
ment, though it does not violate the Constitution
of the United States, does not accord with its
spirit. The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides that Congress may pass laws for tiie natu-
ralization of foreigners. Congress has declared
that no person of foreign birth, born without the
limits of the United States, shali be a citizen un-
less he shall have lived here for five years.
I wish it distinctly understood that I am not in
favor of the extension of the period of naturaliza-
tion. I differ with many upon that subject. I
believe that the founders of the Government, in
the early history of our country, fixed the true
time, and that five years is a reasonable probation
for every man who comes from a foreign Govern-
ment, before he shall become a citizen of the Umted
States, and have the rurht to vote. 1 have never
conversed with an intelligent foreigner who com-
plained of this reasonable probation. I am not in
favor of changing the time, but I believe the spirit
of our laws and the spirit of the Constitution of the
United States require that no man shall exercise
the right of citizenship until he has been here five
years. The constitution of Minnesota provides,
in artiele seven, section one, subdivision two,
that one class of voters shall be "white persons
of foreign birth, who shall have declared their m- !
tention to become citiz -ns." JMow, this prescribes ;
no term of residence to men who come here from
Germany, from Russia, from Austria, from Italy,
or fromany other foreign country—men who may
not know even tne language m which their ballot's
are printed, and may know nothing of our Consti- >
tution and laws. They are not required to undergo
a reasonable period of probation, but they may
go up to the ballot-box and vote within ten days j
after they arrive in the new State. I know that
other new States have adopted similar provisions,
but 1 think the principle is wrong. 1 think the 1
Congress of the United States fixed the true rule !
in the Oregon bill, and I am sorry it was not put
into the Minnesota bill.
And here I trust I may count on the support
of my Democratic friends; for it seems that the
people of Kansas, in framing the Leavenworth
constitution, have followed the example of the
people of Minnesota; and 1 see that the Union
newspaper of the date of April 18, thus comments
upon it:
" Between a constitution which confers only upon c(ti
zetis of the United States Hie elective lr.uichi-e and eligi-
bility to office, and a con^iaiiiioii \vbi<„li admire negtoes,
aii-icd breeds, and lUconK'r^ at! rniilitei* o! the eaith.
chattering ail the teuirii^s ot'Bai'fl, to these puvfu^e;-. the
foundeis of our institutions would have made a vei\ prompt
decision.1'
Now, the constitution of Minnesota admits all
foreigners to vote in ten days after they have land-
ed in the State of Minnesota; but the Union and its
followers will be as quiet as a lamb over " the
chattering tongues of i}nbe!.v
Mr. GROW. I wish to call the attention of
the gentleman to another provision of the consti-
tution. The first section of the article from which ■
the gentleman quoted, provides, that the very '
class to v/lnch he referred must have resided one ■
year m the United States, four months m the :
State, and ten days in the election distiictin which ;
he proposes to vote. i
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman is
corrcct as to all subsequent elections, hut I am
speaking of the vote upon the constitution, and in
the first election of members of Congress, under 1
the constitution. The seventeenth section of the
schedule is as follows:
" Upon the day &o designated as aforesaid, every free
white wale inhabitant over the a<ie of twenty-one years,
who shall have resided within the limits of the State for ten
days pievious to the dav of ^aid election, may vole for all
ofliceis to he elected under tins constitution at sueli election,
and also for or against the adoption of this constitution."
Mr. JENKINS. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he voted for the enabling act for Minne-
sota?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I do not know
what that has to do with the question.
Mr. JENKINS. I will inform you if you will
give me the opportunity.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I remember very-
well—the gentleman from Virginia does not, for
he was not a member of the last Congress—that
the Minnesota bill came into the House from the
Senate, and that many of us on this side of the
House, myself among" others, endeavored to get
that bill altered in the very particular to which the
gentleman alludes. W e could not do it, as it was
put through under the operation of the previous
question, as almost everything else here is, and we
had to vote for it without amendment.-If 1 could
have inserted the provisions of the Oregon bill on
that subject into the Minnesota bill, I certainly
should have done so; and I did all in my power
to have it done.
I desire to call the attention of the-House to a
radical objection I have to this constitution. Sec-
tion six of the schedule provides that "the firstses- j'
sion of the Legislature of the State of Minnesota i;
shall commence on the first Monday of December 1
next, and shall be held at the capitol in.the city j
of St. Paul." The constitution goes on to pro- j
^ ide fora complete State organization before Con- ;
gress could, by any possibility, act upon her ap- i
plication. Thus the embryo Suite of Minnesota,
cai ryimi out the threat of the Delegate here, in his ■
published remarks, has, m violation of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the law of Con- :
gress, organized a State government anterior to
the presentation of her application and her con-
stitution to either House of Congress. ■
Mr. KINGSBURY. In accordance with the [
contract made by Congress itself.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I luteal ways sup-
posed that the Constitution of the United States '
was the supreme law. That Constitution declares |
that Congress shall have power to admit new i
States; and I know of no other power to do that. !
I cannot conceive the idea of there being a State, ;
unless Congiess h.>s admitted it as a State. The J
Constitution confetS upon Congress, and upon j
Congress only, that power. We have not exer-
cised that power. We could not have exercised 1
it till after the time fixed by this constitution for ;
the overthrow of the territorial authotities by the ,
organization of a State government. Now, Mr.
Speaker, we have indulged oar Temtoriesagood ;
deal. We have overlooked a great many infor- ;
malties and irregularities. Hut, sir, when this i
young sister of ours sets up her power above and
beyond the power of the Constitution of the Um-
i ted" States, I desire that Congress shall check her '
a little, and hold her m check. 1
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Where does the 1
honorable gentleman find the evidence that a State 1
government m rvi mnesota has gone into operation, I
superseding the territorial government created by
her organic law ?
Mr.^SHERMAN, of Ohio. I find in the con-
stitution, page 20, section six, a provision that the
first session of the Legislature of the Slate of
Minnesota shall commence on the first "Wednes-
day in December next, and shall be held at the
capital in the city of St. Paul, This was last De-
cember, and live days before Congress met.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman also state that the Legislature has elected
! Senators, who are now here?
| Mr. CLARK, of New York. Are we at liberty
j to take for granted the various allegations on the
; subject?
| Mv. SHERMAN, of Ohio. _ I am speaking of
i what I find in the constitution itself. If the gen-
tleman will look at the paper before him he will
find, that under the sixth section of the schedule
there is a provision by which the people of Minne-
sota organized a State government on the Wednes- .
day before we met here in Congress. i
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Without resist-
ance from the territorial officer;:? |
~ Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Without resist-
ance from the territorial officers; and indeed they
have aided in this successful overthrow of our *
authority.
Well, sir, this convention, or rather these two
mobs, have organized a State government, and
have not even asked "our consent. They have ex-
ercised legislative powers, and their Legislature
has proceeded to elect their Senators. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I wish to call the attentio'n of the Dele-
gate from Minnesota to one very curious feature
in that constitution, although he says they have
been so regular.
The twenty-sixth section is as follows:
" Members of the Senate of the United States from this
State shall be elected by the two Houses of the Legislature,
m joint convention, at such time and ui such mannei as
may be provided by law."
Now here there is one established fact, that
under the constitution of Minnesota these Sen-
ators cannot be elected until some provision is
made by law.
Section eleven is:
'•Every hill which shall have passed the Senate and
House of Repiesenrative«3,in conformity to the rules of each
House, ami the joint tu!e-< of the uvo Houses, shall, hefote
U becomes a law, he presented to the Governor of the State."
Consequently the Senators cannot be elected
until a law is passed; and a law cannot be passed
until it is presented to the Governor for his sig-
nature.
i Now read the seventh section. It is*:
| c£ The teim of each of the executive officers named in this
; article shall com.mencf upon takjng the oath of office after
[ the Slate shall be admitted, by Congress into the Union, and
j continue until the firs>t Monday nfJanuary, 1£60,except the
[ auditor, who shall continue in office until the first Monday
j m Januaiy, 1861, and until their successors shall have been
! duly elected and qualified."
j Now, Mr. Speaker, here is this singular state
; of affairs: the constitution provides that no Sen-
| ator shall be elected except in puisuance of law
j to be passed, and provides that no bill shall be a
i law until it i« presented to the Governor for his
■ signature-, and then provides that the Governor's
term fhall not commence til] after Congress acts
: on the admission of the State; and yet here are
, Senators fiom Minnesota claiming their seats,
■ while we are acting upon the application for ad-
mission.
: Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I under-
' stand that the constitution of Minnesota provides
I that no act shall be considered a law until signed
I by the Governor of the State r
! Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Until presented to
I the Governor of the State; and it cannot be pre-
! seated to him until after Congress has admitted
j the State.
| Mr, WASKBURNE, of Illinois. Then I ask
my friend how it is that this State orTerritory of
j Minnesota has passed a law authorizing a change
, of their constitution, to enable the people to vote
| a loan of $5,000,000? I think there is a provision
' of the constitution providing that the State gov-
; ernment shall not go into operation until it has
| been accepted by Congress. If that is so, how is
! it that an amendment of the constitution has been
submitted to the people, and 'adopted by the peo-
I pie, authorizing the State government to make a
' loan ?
i Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. That is one of the
II curiosities of this novel attempt to organize a State
jj out of the Union. There is no such provision as
the gentleman refers to, except that I have quoted,
i and that has been disregarded. Some reference
has been made to another provision of this con-
solution—section five of the schedule—which is
as follows:
"All territorial officer-, civil and military, now holding
' their offices under riic uuthonfy of"the (Timed ^tate-* or oi
, l!v: Tumtory o( Minnesota, thai! continue to hold and vx-
del-? theh respective apices until they be s-upciseded
! b} uie auihouty of the baic."
i| This does not authorize the territorial officers
'[ to perform the duties of State officers, but of their
/ respective territorial offices.
h Now, I would like to know what right has this
h unorganized Territory—which has not been ad-
; mitted into the Union—to say to the Federal offi-
cers, ''You shall exercise your respective offices
i! till such and such and such a time, and then you
i must surrender?" She has none whatever.
Cut I have heard it claimed by some gentlemen
that this provision of the constitution of Mmne-
j, sota authorized the territorial officers to perform
executive acts as State officers. In other words,
