862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
government; and then follows tins language: "The State,
when formed, shall be admitted into the Union on the same
footing wth the original Suites." This was then consid-
ered an anthoi r/ed admission of the State, and tho only aet
of admission that ever took place in the case of Ohio ; and
that State is now in the Union under and by virtue oHhe
authoiity of that enabling act.
The enabling act in the case of Indiana contains the fol-
lowing language: " The State, when formed, shall be ad-
mitted into the Union." Maikthe difference m the two
acts In the ca«e of Minnesota, authority is given to come
in at the present time. In the case of Indiana, a promise
is given for her admission at some futuie time ; under the
- law, Indiana adopted a constitution and elected repiesent-
atives, as Minnesota has done.
On the 2d December, 1816, Mr. Hendiickp, Representa-
tive from the new ytate, presented his ciedennals in the
House of Representative*, was &woin m, was appointed on
a committee,and was allowed to vote and act as a member
of that body; and yet it was not until ten days afterwaids
(on the 12th of tho same month) that a joint ie olution was
passed by both branches of Congress, foi matly admitting In-
diana. Thiss kind of resolution was then considered form—
nothing but mere form—something which Congress has the
power to obsetve or omit at pleasure, but something with
which the State has no concern, and which cannot affect
its right. This was then the opinion of John C. Calhoun,
at that time a member of the other House; and this, we may
fairly presume, would be his opinion if he were a member
of the Senate now. When the precedent was established,
Daniel Webster was also a member of the House, and gave
ft the weight of bis authontv. Cut Minnesota stands upon
far stiongcr grounds ihan Ohio or Indiana—the gionmi of
congiessional anthonty. If this authoiity good, Minne-
sota cannot fail. Tins isagteal question—a question of
constitutional right, of national faith. Congressional faith,
I sinceielv hope, will beheld sacred and inviolate in the
case of Minnesota by the prompt admission of her repre-
sentatives. Mv sense of duty to my constituents compels
ine, through you, to make tins appeal to the Senate.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
JAMES SHIELDS,
Senator from Minnesota.
Hon. John J. Crittenden.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the Sen-
ator allow me a moment? I think I ought to raise
a question of order on this subject, though cer-
tainly with every respect to the Senator from
Kentucky; and I therefore make the point of or-
der, that this is not a question of privilege.. If not
a question of privilege, it does not supersede the
motion which has already been made by me.
There is no such State recognized in this body
as the State of Minnesota. Upon our records
here there is no evidence of the existence of such
aState,and consequently no foundation whatever
upon which the applicant for a scat here, by this
method, can stand. I raise the question of order,
and I do it so that the public business may be
carried on,and that wc may cscape irrelevant and
immaterial issues upon these subjects.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am perfectly satisfied
that thedecision of the Chair shall be given on the
question of order. I wish to state, furthermore,
that I intended to show that the records of this
country do show that (here is such a State as
Minnesota, and (hat 1 will present the credentials
of General Shields.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
make a statement in reference to the question of
order. The Senator from Kentucky rose to what
he deemed a question of privilege, and presented
the evidence to the Senate upon which ho based
the question of privilege. The Chair thought it
proper that the evidence so presented should be
read, in order that the Senate may determine
whether the case is one of privilege. The Senate
have now the grounds before them on which to
determine the question; and, under the authority
conferred on the Chair by your rules, he will sub-
mit to the Senate the question whether they will
take up tins subject as a question of privilege.
That is the question which the Chair will submit
to the Senate. Will the Senate take tip this sub-
ject as a question of privilege ?
Mr. MASON. I understand the exact posture
of the question to be this: the Senator from Ar-
kansas moved to take up the Army bill; which
motion was pending, when the Senator from Ken-
tucky interposed, and claimed that his motion
would have precedcnce as a question of privilege,
if it be not a question of privilege, it cannot take
precedence of the motion of the Senator from
Arkansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so un-
derstands.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to have the ques-
tion fully presented to the Senate. I desire, there-
fore, that the paper I now present to the Senate
may be read. It is the official evidence of the elec-
tion of General Shields as a Senator.
The Secretary read as follows:
Hall House of Representatives,
St. Paul, Minnesota, December J9, 1857.
This is to certify that, at an election held m the Capitol
of the. State of Minnesota, at St. Paul, by the Senate and
House of Representatives of said rfnte, m joint convention
on the 19th day of December, 1857, Ja'he-; Shields wa^duly
olccted to repiesent the State of Minnesota m the United
States Senate. R 0 mURPHY,
President pro tempore, Senate.
J. S. WATROUS,
Speaker House of Representatives, State of Minnesota.
S MEDARY, Governor. ,
Attest: A. C. DUNN, Secretary of the Senate. ;
[l s.] A. F. ClIAMBLIN, " |
Chief Clerk House Rejn esentathes, State of Minnesota. ;
Mr. HUNTER. Do I understand the Presi-
dent of the Senate to submit it to the Senate to
dccide whether this be a question of privilege or
not?
The VICE PR ESIDENT. The Chair will sub-
mit to the Senate the question, whether it will
suspend the motion made to take up the Army
bill with a view to take up this question on the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky as a ques-
tion of privilege. The Senate will decide whether
it is a question of privilege which supersedes the
pending business.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will not
decide that this is a question of privilege which
shall override all others. I am willing to admit
that a question may be made out of it. There
have been cases on such applications as this when
those claiming to be Senators have been admitted
to take seats on the floor by courtesy. I believe
there was something of that sort in the case of
Michigan,on motionofMr. Benton, butthcyhave
never been admitted as Senators; and I believe
there is no decision of the Senate which would go
to tho length of admitting that they could claim
any right to raise a question of privilege. There
can be no right to a seat in the Senate until the
State is admitted, and none can raise thisquestion
of privilege except those who are members from
some State. It cannot, therefore, be a question of
privilege. I admit that a question in some shape
may bo raised. That is, they may submit a mo-
tion to receive this gentleman by courtesy, as was
done in the case of Michigan, and I believe in the
case of Tennessee; but I apprehend that there can
be no question of privilege, unless it is raised by
some member of the Senate, or by some person
who has a prima facie claim to membership. There
can be no prima facie claim to membership of a
Senator from a State which is not admitted; from
a Territory, for instance. If the object be to take
up the application, to allow them seats by cour-
tesy, I should have nothing to say; but I object
to receiving this petition as one which has pre-
cedence over all other business, on the score of
privilege; and I hope the Senate will not so decide.
Mr. PUGH. I understand it is proposed to
■ submit the question to the Senate, whether the
application of General Shields, to be sworn in as
a Senator on these credentials, be, or be not, a
question of privilege. If it be a question of priv-
ilege, it does take preccdencc of everything else,
whether we like it or not. My opinion is, that
it is a question of privilege. It is undoubtedly
true, as General Shields has stated, that the first
enabling act, which was passed by Congress in
the case of Ohio, was an act of admission; there
never was any other. After the constitution had
been formed, when the Senators from that State,
or rather the agents from the State, presented the
; constitution to the Senate, it was referred toa.se-
j lect committee to consider what further steps were
; necessity; and a very able committee it was. I
j believe one of the predecessors of my honorable
: friend, the Senator from Kentucky, (your name-
] sake, sir,) was chairman of that committee. After
■ very full consideration, the committee reported to
: the Senate that nothing more was necessary for
; the reception of Ohio into the Union, except the
establishment of a district court; and a bill was
passed to establish a district court, to extend the
laws of the United States into the State of Ohio,
as a State. There never was any resolution of
admission, or any law at all on the subject, and
her Senators were sworn m on the presentation
of their credentials. I need not go into any other
case. There are other cases which illustrate the
principle, but that is the first enabling act ever
passed by Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ? Does he mean to maintain
that, by virtue of the enabling act, Minnesota is
already a State m the Union?
Mr. PUGH. I shall come to that question by
and by. I shall have occasion, when I come to
speak of the Kansas question,to elaborate it. I
say that an enabling act was justified when it was
first proposed, on the ground that it was an act
of admission, a conditional act of admission, and
when the State to bo formed complied with the
conditions, she was in the Union without any-
thing else. That is the beginning of all the ena-
bling acts; and that is the only excuse Congress
ever had for passing one. That is one reason
why, in my judgment, it is not necessary for
Kansas, or any other new State, when she pre-
sents herself, to have any enabling act. Nothing
is requisite but an act of admission.
But cases have arisen where both Houses of
Congress have been obliged to consider whether
the proposed State has complied with the condi-
tions in the previous act of admission; and that
is the question in relation to Minnesota. I have
read the report of the Committee on Territories
with very great care, and examined the documents
submitted with that report; and, although I ac-
knowledge there is no error which we may not
heal by a joint resolution of admission, I do not
think Minnesota has complied with the terms of
the enabling act. I do not think she ever held a
convention of delegates as required by that law.
I do not consider the breach healed by the sub-
sequent vote that was taken in October. If we
object to the form of the vote that was taken in
Kansas on the 21st of December, the form of the
vote that was taken in Minnesota is just as objec-
tionable; but I agree that these are not fatal de-
fects. They are defects which we can heal by a
joint resolution, or a subsequent act of Congress.
Therefore, whilst I do believe that this is a ques-
tion of privilege, that when this gentleman pre-
sents himself here, and claims to be a Senator
from a State which we have so far recognized as
to authorize her to become one ortthe performance
of ccrtain conditions, his claim is a question of
privilege. I do not agree that Minnesota has so
far complied with the terms of admission as to
entitle her Senators and Representatives to be
sworn without some waiver by Congress, in the
shape of a joint resolution. Therefore, whilst I
shall vote to consider it a question of privilege, I
cannot, on the facts stated by the Committee on
Territories, vote that Minnesota is entitled to have
her Representatives and Senators here.
Mr. MASON. I think that the position taken
by my colleague is one that is impregnable. This
is presented only as a question of privilege. Now,
what is a question of privilege ? Does a privilege
on this floor belong to any other than a Senator?
There can be but one answer to that. If he be
not a Senator, what privilege can he have as a
Senator ? Now, is the gentleman who writes the
letter which has been presented by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky a Senator ? Has he taken
the oath of office? Is he endued with one single
power conferred on a Senator by the Constitu-
tion ? Can lie exercise any power conferred on
a Senator by the Constitution until he has taken
the oath to support the Constitution in the pres-
ence of the Senate ? Is he a Senator to any intent
whatever? I do not now speak of his right to be-
come a Senator. That is another and totally dif-
ferent question, Is he one? If he be no; one, what
possible privilege can he have on this floor other
than that of any other American citizen ? I have
said not a word about his right to become one;
but until he is one de facto, and not de jvre only,
j which he claims; but until he is one de facto by
j taking the oath prescribed by the Constitution,
j he is endued with not one single power conferred
] on a Senator by the Constitution.
| Now, one word as to his right. In the letter ad-
i dressed to the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
i which was read at the table, there is quoted, and
j I have no doubt correctly quoted, the act author-
izing Minnesota to form a constitution and State
! government. The first section of the act author-
| izing the people of Minnesota to form a State gov-
: ernment contains the following language:
t '-Theinhabitants ofthe Territory of Minnesota are hereby
! authored to toim foi themselves a constitution and State
J government, and to come- into the Union on an equal fnot-
| iris with the original States according to the Fedeial Con-
, stitimon."
! They are authorized to form a State govern-
