1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2973
the Senate, and shall vote against it. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mi. KEITT. I shall vote very cheerfully, Mr.
Chairman, lo advance the rates ofiteostogc to the
extent indicated, and also for the aoolition of the
franking privilege. I do not hold the objection
made by the gentleman from Tennessee as ten-
able; his objection being that this is the origina-
tion of a revenue bill liy the Senate. It is not
that. It is rjgerely amending a revenue bill which,
originated in the House, and which was passed
by the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina whether he considers the original
bill ay a bill for the raising of revenue ?
Mr KEITT. If the onginal bill is not a rev-
enue bill, this amendment does not make it a rev-
enue bill, and therefore the objection does not
hold.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is a revenue measure.
Mr. KEITT. But I pass on. 1 believe that
these various Departments of the Government
should support themselves. It is not right to tax
one portion of the people for the benefit of another
portion; and to that extent yourlegisiauon is un-
fair and iniquitous.
M*. DAVIS, of Mississippi. "Would the gen-
tleman havp the Army and Navy self-supporting ?
Mr. KEITT. That is an entirely different mat-
ter. I will vote for this amendment. I will also
vote for the abolition of the franking privilege, be-
cause I believe thatit will save §5,000,000 of rev-
enue. 1 have said all I want to say on that sub-
ject, and I will take the other when it comes up.
The question being on Mr. Garnett'^ amend-
ment, Mr. Garxett withdrew it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I desire to
amend the Senate amendment, by adding the fol-
lowing proviso.
Pronged, ThfU tins increase pball only lokf place in the
Srarpv where the po>ta^e is insufficient to pay the expenses
of the service.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded tellers.
At this time the utmost noise and confusion
prevailed in the Hall.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to know what
the question is. We have not been able to hear
anything the Chair has said for the last half hour,
in tins neighborhood.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would be sur-
prised if iren'icmeit did hear. Thev never will
hear while t!i"ie is so much noise in the Hall.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is why I want it
stopped.
The CHAIRMAN. If gentlemen wish to make
a noise, there is plenty of room outside of the
Hall fur ther.i to do it. without making it here.
[Laughter.] Tins is a very inappropriate place
for it.
Mr. CLEMJiNS. I ask that the amendment
may be a^e.m renorted.
The CHAIRMAN. It can only be done by
the consent uf the committee. It has been read
twice.
Mr. DRAN. I object.
Mr. HOU'STON. We have not heard the
amend meut at p!1 in this part of the Hall, and I
suppose we have a r1 srht to have it read.
Mr. DEAN. I withdraw the objection.
The amendment was asain read.
T'-llers were ordered; ami Messrs. Ecffinton
and John* Cocuraxs were appointed.
Mr. Mo&UEEN. That amendment is uncon-
stitutional,
The. committee divided; and the tellers reported.
—aves 71, nous r-3.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected,
. The noiso an<t confusion in the Hall still con-
tinuing, . ,
The CHAIRMAN said: The Chair begs leave
to purest to the committee, in a spirit ot all
kindness, that u is impossible that the committee
should proceed intelligently with business if gen-
tlemen ms.st in a violation of urder. They will
economize time a -d piomote their own conveni-
ence hv preserving ouier. The business will thus
nio^ivj-s m«>re pleasantly, and with more dispatch.
\Jr SMITH, of Virginia. There is one rem-
edy for tee disoidcr. 1 move that the committee
do now rise.
il,r.nd cries of "Order!"and renewed confu-
sion, j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will entertain
110 motion until the committee comes to order;
and if gentlemen will not take their seats and pre-
serve order, they must pardon the Chair if they
are called by name. If members will not behave
themselves,-the Chair will invoke the power of
the House to make them do so There is no
alternative left, if order is to be preserved, but to
enforce the rules.
The question recurring on the Senate amend-
ment, it was as;ain reported.
Mr. McQ,UEEN demanded tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean and
Faulkner were appointed.
The committee divided; find the tellers reported
—ayes 40, noes 96.
So the amendment was noil-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That {lie franking privilege now
accorded to members ot' Conjrre*- he, and the same la here-
by, abolished irom and after the 4th day of March next.
Mr. WINSLOW. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Stuke out "members of Congress," and insert in lieu
thereof the woids, " Senators of tiie United States."
Mr. Chairman, I want to say a word on this
subject. I am utterly opposed myself to the abo-
lition of the franking privilege; but if it were a
personal question, merely having reference to my
own convenience, I would be giad to get rid of it.
It imposes great labor on me; but, sir, Itake great
! pleasure in doins: anything to oblige my constit-
1 uents. I do not think that it ous:ht to be abol-
1 ished, for divers reasons; but I do not intend, at
j this late hour of the session, to detain the House
i with a •long harangue on the subject. While 1
i wish to retain it for the benefit of my constituents,
| I have too much liberality to impose this privilege j
upon the Senate against their wiH. [Laughter.]
By a large vote, some thnty-eight to four, they
have said that they do not want the franking priv-
ilege. I trust that theie is liberality enough in
the House of Representatives to indulge the Sen-
ate in their wlum. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON". I presume that the gentle-
man from Nouh Carolina is not serious :n his
amendment.
Several Members. Oh, yes, he is.
Air.HOUSTON. Then I regret that the gentle-
man proposes an amendment which can be under-
stood m no other light than as a reflection upon
the coordinate branch of the national Legislature.
Gentlemen say they want to reflect upon it. I
do not. The Senate has the right to propose an
amendment to any bill sent to them; and it has
proposed this amendment in good faith. 1 he Sen-
| ate proposes to abolish the franking privilege;and
'j I believe that it ought to be abolished. J believe
i that the amendmentof the Senate ought to prevail,
j I do not suppose, however, that on the yeas and
j nays the gentleman from Noith Carolina will put
| himself upon the record, to go down to posterity,
as being willing to discriminate between the two
i Houses', and reflect unfairly upon a coordinate
j branch.
j Mr. WINSLOW. My friend must allow me
| to observe that we must all take our chance with
i posterity. 1 am as willing to go uponthe record
] as he is.
i [The committee informally ros^, and a message
' in writing having bpen received from the Presi-
S dent of the United States by Mr. J. B. Hexry,
| his Private Secretary, the committee lesumed its
i session.]
The question was taken on Mr. Winslow s
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to amend so as to
provide that this provision shall take effect one
; day sooner than the time specified m the amend-
ment. I oiler my amendment simply to give me
the opportunity to express my iegret that a sub-
ject of this importance should be treated with
, the levity which has been manifested upon this
! occasion.
Mr. MOR.GAN". I rise to a question of order.
: It is only a few moments since that the gentle-
i man from Indiana called the gentleman from Vir-
' o'inia to order for wandering from the subject. I
. raise the sam<* question of order now.
; Mr. ENGLISH. The few remarks which I
1 have to offjr shall be confined to the subject un-
der discussion. My amendment proposes that
! this provision abolishing the franking privilege
shall take effect one day earlier than is specified
in the Senate amendment, and I have the right to
offer such remarks thereon as I desire.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I rise to a
question of order. It is that the gentleman should
confine his remarks t,o discussing the question
whether the provision should go into effect one
day sooner than the Senate propose. I know that
he can do it; because I know he has an inventive
genius.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is well
taken.
Mr. ENGLISH. I believe that the sooner this
provision is adopted the better it will be for the
country. I do think that a matter of this grave
importance should be met with a different spirit
from that which has been manifested here to-night
in reference to it. I think the franking privilege
is one of the greatest abuses of the Government,
and it should be mateiially abridged if not abol-
ished entirely. I am not prepared to say that it is
the proper place, upon an appropriation bill, to
adopt a measure of this sort; but thatit is an abuse
which requires reformation I think there can be
no question. Whether that shall be done now,
or at somefuturetime, I am entirely satisfied that
it should be done, and the earlier it is done the
better.
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. KILGORE. 1 move to amend by striking
out the words " 4th of March next." I think that
if it is our intention to make this reform in the
Post Office Department, we should apply the rule
I to ourselves. I cannot see any good reason why
| gentlemen who are disposed to economize, and
' make the Post Office Department a self-sustaining
| institution, should restiicttlns provision to a time
i subsequent to the 4th of March—the time when
our period of service expitcs—thus retaining this
1 privilege to ourselves, and denying it to those
| who shall succeed us. By the adoption of this
j provision, many thousands of dollars would be
: saved to the Post Office Department if gentlemen
■ would be as liberal in their distribution of doc-
uments and circulation of speeches, as I knew
they will be during the fall. The sums saved
j , would be m small items, it is true; but " many
j, micklcs make a mucklc;" and by saving these
' mites, they will amount to a considerable sum. I
am anxious to see this Department made a self-
i; supporting Department. I would be extremely
1 glad to see the Navy Department andlhe Army
j Department made self-supporting, if that could
[ be done by any ingenuity possible; because it is
I important at this particular time to save enough
j to the Treasury,when millions of dollars aie being
I expended in anticipation of a bloody conflict with
; a few crazy Mormons, which turns out to be a
| bubble.
j Air. COX. I rise to a question of order.
I Mr. KILGORE. The gentleman is too late in
I his point of order. I have said all I desire. I
hope my amendment will be adopted; for I have
| offered it in £ood faith.
Mr. KEITT. The gentlemen from Indiana
i says it is not proper for us to enjoy the franking
privilege, and deny it to those who come after us.
Upon that giound no reform can ever be made m
j this Government. The question is, whether or
1 not the country will gain by abolishing the frank-
! ing privilege, and not whether those who come
I after us will le stripped of a privilege which we
; we have enjoyed ? I ask what good Jesuits from
;! the use of the franking privilege? How many
h letters do we receive upon business connected
II with public allairs, in proportion to the number
j received in relation to the claims of individuals
for office, or upon private business ^ In the m-
r tendment of law, we should frank no letters ex-
:j ccpt those which have connection with the dis-
charge of our public trust.
|| Mr. KILGORE. Would it not be proper to
}'; commence this reform by applying the rule to
ij ourselves as well as all who come after us ?
Mr. KEITT. Yes, sir; and I am willing to do
r it. I intend to apply the rule to myself, though
! the amendment may not apply it until the 4th of
" March next.
[! Mr. KILGORE. I want to apply it now. _
|| Mr. KEITT. I do not often use tho franking
privilege. I ask, in all fairness, upon what mat-
\ tcrs the franking privilege is most often exercised ?
!■ We know that upon the eve of a presidential dec-
!' don it is used for the benefit of party, and not for
