1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1949
that the appointees of the President can act as tlie i
executive officers of the State. This would lie !
ruiy a novel proceeding: but upon looking at the i
constitution I can find no such folly in it. Our i
modest young sister only declares that the offi- ;
cers of the national Government may hold their j
respective offices until Congress acts upon their i
application. But m spite of this modest license, !
I understand the Legislature of the embryo State !
is now exei rising all the functions of a State gov- j
ernment. Perhaps the chairman of the Commit- ■
tee on Territories can say whether that is true or
not. I know they have gone to work and passed
bill upon bill, and act upon act. While we are sit-
ting here, to say whether they shall come into the
Union under this constitution, they are proposing j
to chance it! What is the change they propose? j
It is to allow the people of this infant State to be ,
loaded down with a debt of $5,000,000 to aid some j
unorganized railroad companies of land jobbers. |
I think, Mr. Speaker, that this thing'is being j
carried too far. I think that the time has come j
when the Congress of the United States ought to j
put a curb upon the Territories, and to require
them to obey the law. Now, sir, I am friendly
to Minnesota; I know a great many people there;
I would do as much for the prosperity of her peo-
ple as any other man on this floor. And, sir, I
believe we would do her the highest service if we
would save her from her reckless land jobbers and
monopolists. Let us remand this constitution to
her. Let her institute her orgamo law properly,
and then we can welcome her into the Union. 1
want to see the marriage bans not only receive
the assent and sanction of her people, but be cel-
ebrated according to the forms of law. 1 v.'aut to
have her come legally, and in due form. X do not
want any more runaway Scotch marruiges. I do
not want this infant sister of ours to celebrate her
nuptials with fraud, illegality, and improvidence.
And, above all, I do not wish to sec her set up
her authority against the power of the nation or
assume it until Congress has exercised its consti-
tutional power. Until then, all her acts and pro-
ceedings arc simply void, and wiil oniy result in j
involving her people in wasteful litigation.
Upon this point I desire to call the atteut!on of
the House to the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and gentlemen on the o.her
side who profess so much respect for the decision
of this court, will pay some attention to it. It has
been said by a gentleman from my own State in
the other wing of the Capitol, that r.annesota is
a State out of the Union. That, if we do not admit
her into the Union now. sue is a State, but not ot
the Union; and her Delegate says that if we do
not admit her, endurance wiil cease to be a virtue
and she will come in anyhow, or remain a Stale ,
out of the Union. I undeistand the amount of the ■
threat to be, that tins young sister of oars will
rebel; he says that "her citizens are too proud
to supplicate, too loyal to rebel, and time mu«t
soon determine the extent of their forbearance."
[Laughter.]
Well, Mr. Speaker, the Supreme Court of the
Uni'ed Stales have declared that all acts and pro-
e<3odir)2rs of Minnesota, before this application
shall receive the sanction of Congiess,are tuterly
null and void Now, sir, wnat capitalists will
take this 3.000,000 loan?
Several Mkmsers. Read the decision.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The case was _tji?t
of Scott and others vs. Jones. (5 Howard s bai-
ted States Reports, 379.) The facts are tle'Sr>;
Mi'ihisan o rganized a Stale go vert i men t more than
a year before she was ealetiUed into the union,
llefere her admissioxi by Congress, her Legisla-
ture, among other things, incorporated a literary
society in the city of Detroit,and authorized it to
acquire anu hold'property. Scott, one of the par-
ties to the suit, acquired title to property under
the corporation, and the question came before the
fcnu.r.Tue Court of the United States as to whether
th. 'J:u!e was good. This depended upon the power
of the State of Michigan to pass laws buto.-c her
admission. The majority of the Supreme Court
evaded the question by deciding on a collateral
question of jurisdiction. Rut those who believed
that the court hat! jurisdiction—and among others
Judges Nelson and McLcan—declared that:
•• Michigan \va$ an ojganized Temtoiy of the Lnitod
Pint's If- Covetnot, judges and all oilici temronal o0 -
eeis weie m ihe discharge ot Uieirvanous luneuons. The
bnvoiciguty ot' the Union extended to it. Faciei- the;:e en*
curastances, the people of Michigan assembled by delegates || dominant party in this House ever placed them-
in convention aud adopted a eu.i-tjtimon, and und^r it ■! ge]VGS in that position—a position maintained
ciccted jneinbeioot both bianeheaonheirLeci^Iature, Gov- . „ , " , " . . .. , -j
era or, and jiideo^-, and or<j.unzcd the State government. No I here for months, anu, as a majority on that Side
serious objection need be made, m my judgment, to tlie as- ! j now insist, never yielded as to Kansas. Jt is
sembla^e ofthe people m convention to form a constitution, :j a plain, simple principle of republicanism, and
although u H the mote regular and customary mode to pro- j lllerefore I never wouW have voted for the admis-
cecd under the sanction o< an act ot Cong.-fris. i>ui until   , , . . ,
the State fehall lie admitted into the Union by an act of p sion of Minnesota,unuerany constitution 01 under
Con^re^s, the temtonai government remain? unimpaired, j; any circumstances, had not the people assented
" No act of the peopiaof a Temtoiy, without the >-anc-{, to and ratified it, however regular might have
i; bfl ** Proceedings. Nor will I vote for the
£re-?s tor the admission ot a. Statr> into the Union; and ' the ,i admission ot any new fetate unless -the populai
United Stated guaranty to eveiy State m the Union a ic- j; apptoval is shown beyond question.
j But, sir, I want something more than the mere
' assent of the peoplo of Minnesota. I want reg-
| ularity, uniformity, compliance with the act of
- Congress, and that the State constitution shall
: conform to the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States. I want something besides the mere
; assent of the people. 1 do not admit the right of
■ the people of Minnesota to form just such acon-
.1 stmuion as they please, and, by assenting to it,
make it the supreme law of Minnesota, unless
;] they have first had the consent of Congress,
i: Mr. K1NGSBUR,Y. More than mnety-nine
1 hundredths of the people have ratified the entire
■ constitution upon a full submission.
| Mr SHERMAN, of Ohio. Very well. I do
: not want the people of Minnesota to commence
j theirSthte existence by violating ^e Constitution
; and laws of the United States.
! Mr. KINGSBURY. Then you want to dictate
! to the people of Minnesota.
! Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. No, sir; I want
to make them comply with the law. There are
i certain laws which presctibe forms in the mar-
i1 riage ceremony. There must be a license, for
p instance. I want Minnesota to conform to the
'' license prescribed by Congress, and thus come into
i1 the Union m a decent, legal, and orderly man-
ner, and not commence her existence as a State
publican form of government.' Ilence the necessity, m
admiUir:? a State, for Cougiess toe.vaimne its constitution.
The net * to uiroiporate the membcra of the Detroit
Younji Me.i'-i Society,' was rho e.<vr< i-e of sovereign power
—a power totally repugnant to the ^oveieignrv of the Union
m it- tenitoiial ioim. Until the '2'ith of Jchmaty, 18137, Mi-
chi^a'i wa- not admitted into the Union and recognized as
a State. Whatever effect tht-- admission may h:ivc, byway
of relation, on thee^eic-i-e of the political powers of the
State prior to tiiat tune, is not now a question. Tee ques-
tion of jurisdiction relates to the tune the act was pa^aod,
and it=; validity.
Thw act ot incorporation was repugnant to the Consti-
tution of the United States, under winch the temtoual gov-
ernment w.n oi-zmized. It \va  topugnant to the laws of
Coii'/ie>-3 whu h fortm-d that organization. It wa> an exei-
cK'of bovc 'ji"i!t\ incompatible with the '••ovcreigntv of the
Union, m a!) its legal forms. And this act wa« declared by
the supiemo comt of^Iichigari to he valid. I cannot con-
ceive of a cteaiei case lor juiiadiction."
'•'The two sovcieidntiQ? of the State and the territorial
£foV.'-uiment er.-mot e\i-t at the f-ame time Wifinn the same
Fun t-. The tenuotial ^oveinmentex^t5 in full vnror until
i ahoh-ii«'d hy th? admi<- io!> of the ?tate Th|jre was,
tiien. a direct a-id m.vo:irn«ab]e repusnance m the exer-
cise of the 'overeiirn power by the State, f-o lorn; as the
Fedeial authouij cxerci-e'd m the Territory '*
It is thus apparent from this decision, that, by
their premature and hasty action, the politicians
of M'nnesota are imposing upon its people a bur-
den of litigation.
Tlipre are other features of this constitution to
which I wish to call the attention of the House.
It'provides for the election of members of Con- ;; with irregularity and violations of the laws and
vdSH by general ticker, when the act of Congress
expressly provides for the ejection by separate
districts* Why this violation of lawr Was it
to allow the Pembina fraud to have more extend-
ed olfect? Was it to allow the uncivilized Indi-
ans to send three members here instead of oner
Whether the State is admitted or not, these mem-
bers ought iv^t to take their seats until they are
elected in compliance with law. Insrend of dis-
cnssi'i(T whether one, or two. or three members
should sit vv"h us* we ou^ht to discuss the au
the Constitution of the United States.
. Mr. KINGSBURY. There certainly was not
as much irregularity in Minnesota as there was m
the formation of the Topefca constitution for which
the gentleman voted.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. The gentleman
may make the most he can of that argument. I
did vote for the admission of the State of Kansas
under the Xopeka constitution; and, as the gen-
tleman has alluded to it, I will tell him why. It
was because the people of Kansas had been de-
thontv to elect tlv-ir members by general ticket; ij prived by force and fraud of their temtonal gov-
for if one m entiled to a peat, all are. How will
you choose between them' Hy what lottery or h
chance shall either be rejected oi selected? _ j<
And, str, after you have sealed this question, j!
show me the cons'itution uuJi-jr v !i.ch yea pio- j,
pose to mu.kethe admission. The one I ha\e be-
fore me, and v/h.:ch was dniy presented to tue ;
House, and appears njajnh'f'y cert,ted by G-over- j
nor Medary, is Pi^ord bv but 1i{ty-tv,'o members, j
or less than a quoiv.m. This m.oui'coJy cannot j
be the constitution; but viifu I Iook into the Sen- 1
ate docum^rt. 5 f''d a eosv;ntatina si2n<-'i by an- ■
otlior set of orders and i;;ty-iMPe membeis, but \
not sn nettoneLi by G-overimr .MeJary. x^hus two •
constitutions are presented to us, signeu by dtl- ,
forent persons, and diiiere.it !>fiiceis, but eaco set \
! chummy to be the l^tiular leiral conventn>n of |
i Minnesota. f^:r, m the m'd.jt of puch confusion I
I and is regularity, i«s it not a reasouabV exercise of i
■i the discretionary power of Confess ii the ad- (
j mission of m w States to rrhv back this whole :
' prooeedm^ to the ">"opie ot Atiauesota. Find re-
■ i q\ure theui fo conform thetr action to tne law
' vjir. tilts is ah m v substuute riroT'OScs.
:i Mr. . Tne WiHleman seems to
i forget ihe tai't thut our people have voted for rat-
ifies lion or lvii-ct.oii of the constitution.
Mr. .SHERMAN, of Ohio. So d;J the people
of Michigan. ., , .
Mr. KLN'USBURY. And it wes lati^d by
thirtv-odd thousuid to five hundred n^ain-.t it.
Mr. SHERMAN, ot O:uo. 1 have not over-
looked the aenon of tlie ueopie, and am far from
underrating us importance: and. wnhort tje abu
gionof the gentleman, the course ot myau
will bring me to consider the eheet of tiien ia,tli'
cation. 1 be!:eve lliat the asvmt of the peoide it
their constitution is the very life oi a new ^tate
1 nev-r would, under any c;rcumstauec^( drag a- ■ \
people into this Lnion unlet"s they ,:ad
to their constitution; and I irn astonisne'
ernment, and Congress had neglected to pass an
enabling act. They had tosubmittoamostodious
tyranny, or present their application for admission
as a State; but they never pioposed to establish a
State government without the assent of Congress.
And so it was in California. In that case Con-
gress had refused to pass an enabling aet, and the
people were left under a military despotism, and
had to choose between irregularity on tlieone hand
and anarchy on the other. i3ut the people of Min-
nesota stand in no such position, and have no ex-
cuse for such irregularity. We passed for them
an enabling act, fair, just, and reasonable in all its
terms and requirements. We only prescribed rea-
sonable, fair, and just conditions, assented to by
them, and yet thev do not complv.
Mr. KINGSBURY. That is the " license"
thev acted under.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. But they violated
the license; ttiey have not conformed to the law;
they have not made their constitution conform to
the law. That is what i complain of.
The people of Kansas and ot Cahtorma were
compelled to choose between despotism and irreg-
ularity; and, whenever that choice is presented to
the people of any portion of the United States,
they will choose inegularit y< Eut we have given
Minnesota a chance to come into the Union de-
centlyjTeirularly, and in older; end instead of
doin'] thai, she "organized a double-headed mob,
and proceeded to form a constitution which does
not conform to the law, but is m Co-eet viojation
of it; and now her Delegate upon this floor issues
his threats and her mandates to the sovereign
ment '' power of the peoo!e of the United Stutes.
Mr. KINGSBURY. Half of that " doub i-
headed mob" was composed of members of the
party to which the gentleman belong?; and even
that parfy cooperated wttfr us in the tormatsonoi
th«" constitution and assisted in its ratification.
Mr. SHRRMA X, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I aid
' S''1)} t U
'uu t!ie
