804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
tion, to be decided, is whether the people of the
Territory described, desire to be formed and ad-
mitted as a State into the Union at once? That
question was put, and that question was decided
in the affirmative. The people of Minnesota said,
"We desire to be admitted atonce; it is not now
our wish hereafter to be admitted, but it is our
desire, our determination, to be admitted now, at
once, intotheUnion." That is the question which
Consrcss directed to be put. That is the question
"which was dccided, and every other condition
required by Congress was fully complied with,
as the constitution now before you shows.
What evasion then is it, Mr. President, to de-
cline to receive her representativeson this floor on
an equal footing with those of the other States of
this Union. 1 confess it seems to mc they have
as perfect a right as I have to a seat here, and if I
might come from my State, with all the legally re-
quired authentications of my right, and present
them to you, and from negligence, from apathy,
from opposition, or from any other cause, you
were to refuse to administer to me the oath, the
argument of the gentleman from Virginia would
apply—"Oh, this is no breach of privilege; you
are not a Senator; your State has certified you to
be a Senator; the Legislature lias declared you to
be a Senator; but the Federal authorities lequire
you to take an oath, and that oath is necessary to
make you a Senator." No, sir; I am as much a
Senator before I take the oath as I am afterwards.
It contributes nothing to make me a Senator. If I
fail to take that oath, and presume to act without
it, I am guilty of an offense; but I am a Senator
before. Can you treat any gentleman elected to
this body in this manner—refuse to administer to
him the oath, and then tell him, " For that cause
I have annulled you as a Senator, and you can
make no question of privilege in regard to it? one
must be a Senator before a question of privilege
can attach to him; you are not one, because I have
not sworn you; and I will not swear you, because
I do not intend that you shall act as a Senator."
If that is not a breach of privilege, it is utterly
incomprehensible to me what can be. It is "a
breach of privilege—a flagrant one; and it is not
less a breach of privilege because there is the
power in those who commit it to avoid lesponsi-
bihtyforit.
It is not my wish to trespass on the Senate a
moment longer than the necessity of this case
scorns to require.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It must be ap-
parent that, if this subject is to be considered,
to-day will Certainly be consumed by it I do
not believe that the Senator from Kentucky him-
self has a doubt in regard to that. It is plain that
this discussion must carry us through the whole
Kansas and Nebraska affair. It is kindred to that;
and if it is to be discussed, I am sure there is in
the Senate a vast amount of metaphysical, lesral,
and ancient lore on all this subject, certainly
sufficient to carry us through the whole of this
day.
In this direction the Senate has already gone.
My honorable friend, who meets me with asmile,
[Mr. Pugii,] was the first to open it in that di-
rection, and to announce questions which would
come up in the discussion of the Kansas matter,
as to the admission of States into the Union. I
see no limit to the field now before us. 1 know
that for a month we have been considering the
Army bill, and that we have often felt that we
were at the very point of taking (he final vote on
the question, either granting relief to the Govern-
ment or rejecting it altogether; but still for some
petty question, or petty irritation, or petty cour-
tesy if you please, it has been laid over and de-
ferred, until now we have the most serious ques-
tion of the session pressing right upon us. I think
it is desirable to dispose of the Army bill.
I cannot but feel that the honorable Senator from
Kentucky must know that the question which he
has presented is in a great measure an irrelevant
issue. It seems so to me. 1 will not go into a
discussion of the merits of the ease. The whole
subject must comc up at no distant day; and I
^ believe, in fact, that the bill for the admission of
Minnesota was made the special order for to-day.
It is certainly contemplated to take up the whole
subject on Monday next. There is but little time
left us to dispose of the Army bill; and the public
exigency calling for its passage has been urged
upon us as imminent, important, and almost vital. ;
I rfbuld appeal to the Senator, in this view of the
facts, to withdraw his present motion, or to post-
pone it. I make this appeal to him now without
saying anything more; for I do not believe that
he wishes to impede the public business, or delay
the disposition of the Army bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not hear the gen-
tleman.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I appeal to the
gentleman from Kentucky, believing that he does
not wish to impede the public business, and that
the question which he has raised is irrelevant, and
can result in no immediate action, to withdraw his
proposition, which it must be palpable to him will
consume the whole day.
Mr. HUNTER. Will my friend allow me to
suggest that we agree to refer this matter to the
Committee on the Judiciary at once. We can do
that without debate, if the Senator from Kentucky
will consent to it, I imagine.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That would be sending
it a long ways offV-sendtng it to the grave,
rather.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would not
embarrass the-Senator from Kentucky by making
any unreasonable request of him. Certainly with
no disrespect to him, I move to lay the question
on the table. I think that will end the discussion.
1 have said nothing in a spirit which could provoke
reply, and I must insist on my motion.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal to the honorable
Senator to allow me to say one word in explana-
tion of my vote?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
knows so well that I would do almost anything
to oblige lym, that I am sure he will not take it
unkind if I decime to withdraw the motion.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to suggest that per-
haps the Senator from Kentucky is prepared on
the subject; and as he seems to have examined
it thoroughly, he may cast some important light
on it; and I was in hopes he would he permuted
to proceed without interruption, and that the mat-
ter would rest there, without any further discus-
sion. I am anxious to hear his views. I really
think we should permit linn to go on.
Several Senators. He has concluded.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansas. I must raise a
question of order. 1 declined to withdraw my
motion for the Senator from New Yoik, and I
certainly cannot withdraw the motion now for
any one else.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say that, at the
request of my colleague, [Mr. Rigler,] who has
been called away, 1 have paired off with him on
this question.
Mr. STUART. I should like to inquire of the
Chair what it is proposed to lay on the table ? As
I understand it, the Presiding Cftieer has submitted
to the Senate, ior decision, this point: <k Is this a
question of privilege ?" If that is the pending ques-
tion, I should like to be informed how you can
lay that on the table.
Mr. I1UN PER. This question grows out of
the memorial; and if we lay that on the table,
everything connected with it goes on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It^docs not grow out
of a memorial. I informed the Senate that I in-
tended to make a motion in relation to a subject
peculiarly one of privilege. I desired, as the
ground of the motion I intended to make, that the
letter be read. I presented another document
afteiwards, and I had some rernaiks with which
to follow if. up, and to conclude with a motion.
Mr. SEWARD. It seems that everybody else
has a right to speak on this question except my-
self. I desire now either to have a vote taken
upon it, or else that I may be heard. The point
of order is raised by the Senator from Michigan,
whether this is a question that can be laid on the
table ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York is correct, and the Chair will state the
question. The Senator from Kentucky submit-
ted the application of James Shields to be now
sworn m as a Senator from Minnesota, accom-
panied with his credentials, which he desired to
be read, and brought it to the attention of the
Senate as a question of privilege. The Chair
submitted to the Senate the determination of the
point, whether it be a question of privilege. The
Senator from Arkansas moves to lay the whole
subject on the table. The Chair supposes he
must entertain that motion. Upon this question
the Seoator from Georgia asks for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall vote " nay" out of
courtesy to the Senator from New York, whose
remarks I wi«h to hear.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senator will not
i put it on any such ground.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to ask a question.
What will be the effect of laying this matter on
the table? Cannot the Senator from Kentucky,
the moment he gets the floor, call it up again ?
Tim VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not think it proper for him,at this time, to enter
into any suggestions on that subject.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
the motion of Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, re-
sulted—yeas 22, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Biggs, Bright, Brown, Clny,
Evans, Green, Hammond, Ilumer, Iverson, Johnson of Ar-
kansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Mailoiy, Mason,
Peatce. Polk, Sebastian, Slulell, Thomson of New Jersey,
ToomlN. ami Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin. Brodcrtck, Chandler,
Clark, Coliamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas,
Duikce, Fcvsscndon, Fjtcli, Foot, Foster, (Jwin, Ifcunim,
Hailan, Houston, King, Pugh, Seward, Simmons, Sumner,
Tiumbuil, and Wilson—26.
So the Senate refused to lay the subject on the
table.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask what the ques-
tion before Senate now is?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
whether the Senate will take up this subject as a
question of privilege.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order. I un-
derstand that the President, when he stated the
question, said that by an express provision of the
rules, he would submit this matter to the Senate.
I suppose he referred to the 6th rule, the last part
of which is:
"And every question of order shall be decided by the
Piesident, without debate, subject to an appeal to the Sen-
ate ; and the President may call for the sense of the Senate
on any question of oider.;}
1 take it that means that a question of order is
to be decided, without debate, by the Chair; and
if the Chair takes the sense of the Senate on it
that does not open a license to debate, but the pro-
hibition against debate still continues.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does not
act on that rule. When a proposition is made by
any Senator to take up a question as a matter of
privilege, the Chair thinks it is hardly a question
of order: but it is for the Senate to determine
whether the question is one of privilege under the
general parliamentary law. The Chair thinks
that properly he can put that question to the Sen-
ate without any regard to the written rules of the
body.
Mr. HALE. I understood the Chair, but my
i ear may have deceived me, to say that he referred
it to the Senate, and that he did" so under an ex-
press rule of thr Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair may
have said so; but if he did say so, it was an error.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I regard this
question as addressing itself to ourconsiderations,
in the first place on the ground of expediency;
and in the next place to our judgment upon the
nature or character of the question involved. I
am quite desirous for the admission of the State
of Minnesota into the Union as soon as it can be
done. I have on every occasion voted to take up
the bill for that purpose and to pass it. In giving
a vote against this motion, I might seem to be
unwilling to favor an occasion for the admission
of the State of Minnesota into the Union. What-
ever may be the condition of Minnesota now,
whatever may be her character, whatever stage
she may have arrived at in her growth from a
Territory towards that of a State, 1 am very clear
in one thing: that if the Senate of the United
States, after all that has been done here, and all
that has been done in the Territory of Minnesota,
should admit the applicant, General Shields, and
his associate to be Senators on this floor, and if
the House of Representatives should also admit
one or more Representatives fi om Minnesota, on
the floor of the House of Representatives as Rep-
resentatives of that State, 1 think the act of the
admission of Minnesota would thereby be com-
pleted and finished. If there is no other way in
which this can be done, no more formal or tech-
