THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,-D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1858.
New Series....No. 55.
r;
nical manner, I am willing to admit the State in
this way, and to do it now, and anxious to do it
now.
But the proceeding instituted by the petitioner
requires explanation, which I should he glad to
hear; and that is, why he alone of two Senators
makes an application to be admitted to the Senate,
when the State is entitled to two Senators, and
we are informed unofficially that two have been
appointed; whether the other person who has been
elected a Senator accepts the trust, or whether he
disclaims or renounces it; and whether he pro-
poses to bring the State into the Union in this way;
or whether he proposes to stay out, and so leave
the community half Territory and half State? I
assume this application, however, to be an act in
good faith on the part of both the Senators who
have been elected from that State. 1 suppose
there is a concert between them, and that this is
merely an accidental omission to which I have
called the attention of the Senate. I will very
cheerfully vote for taking up this question, be-
cause it affords one way in which proceedings
may be adopted by which the State of Minnesota
can be brought into the Union legally, constitu-
tionally, and properly.
Then, as to the other point, I think that it is j
clearly a question of privilege; and I agree with j
the honorable Senator from Ohio on that subject, i
The rule which has been given out to us by the |
Senator from Virginia seems to me too narrow m ;
its range to embrace all the questions of privilege j
which must necessarily arise. He says that a
person must be not meiely elected a Senator, and
iiis term of service have commenced, but also that
he must have been qualified to act as a Senator by
the Chair, or by some competent authority, before
he can claim or exercise the privilege of a Senator
on this floor, or before any question of privilege
can be raised by him, or in his behalf. I think
not, sir. I think a Senator appointed by his State,
when his term of service has begun, is a Senator
in Congress; and if he shall come into this Hall,
he is entitled to be here against everybody that
may be in or out; and that while he stands here
and asks that you will administer to him the oath,
he is a Senator; and that he exercises the privi-
lege of his office in claiming to be sworn; and
that you award to him the oath on the ground of
his privilege as a member of this body.
If that be so, then this isaquestion of privilege,
if the Territory or State of Minnesota stands in
such a relation to send a Senator here to claim a
seat or to ask to be recognized by the Senate of
the United States. There, again, the question,
whether Minnesota is a State or Territory, in-
volves the whole question. Privilege is merged
in the greater question, whether Minnesota is a
State or not, which has been presented by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, and that greater question
necessarily involves the question of privilege. On
that question I am willing to be instructed; I am
willing to be enlightened; and I seeno such per-
emptory conclusion against the claim set up for
Minnesota, namely, that she is actually a State
in the Union now. That has been announced by
the Senator from Virginia, as his deduction from
the premises.
The Constitution of the United States says that
new States may be admitted by Congress. There
is no form, no method, no rule, no system of prac-
tice, no formula, by which the admission of a State
must be conducted. It may be done in oneway,
or it may be in another. It requires but two things
independent of the qualifications of a State in its
constitution; one is, that the State shall consent
to come in; and the other is, that Congress shall
admit her in. Whatever form Congress shall
adopt is sufficient, if the State is in a position to
entitle her to admission. I admit that this letter
of General Shields may be fairly read as a peti-
tion on the part of Minnesota,'saying, "wehave
complied with the conditions which were pre-
scribed to us; we have organized ourselves as a
State; we are here, and we ask you to admit us
by swearing in our Senators." As I said before,
if you will only swear the Senators and Repre-
55
sentatives, the State will then be here beyond all
manner of doubt. It is on this ground that I shall
vote.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will my friend allow me to
make an inquiry of him ? Suppose the Senate
should, on examination of the matter, conclude
to administer the oath of office to the Senators
elect, and the House of Representatives should
refuse to admit the members: what then?
Mr. SEWARD. I have already anticipated
that, by saying that I found that difficulty in the
case, and I wanted an explanation why it is the
other Senator did notask to be sworn in ? because
the State would not be but half admitted if only
one Senator should be sworn; and if the Repre-
sentatives were not admitted into the House of
Representatives it would be less than that; never-
theless, I am willing to take the question up, and
consider it, trusting that the other Senator from
Minnesota and the Representatives may unite in
the movement. But I propose to go no further
now in this debate than to take the subject up as
a matter of privilege. That is the question, and
the ordy question, before the Senate; to that ques-
tion, and no further, shall I speak.
Mr. STUART. I desire to say a very few words
directly to the point propounded to the Senate by
the President—is this a question of privilege? The
claimant contends that Minnesota is a State in the
Union without any other action of Congress what-
ever ; andthat, being in that condition, he is entitled
to his seat on this floor. Whether lie is entitled or
not is a question for our determination; but the only
point to be considered, as now presented to the
Senate by the Presiding Officer, is, is that matter
a question of privilege ' Well, sir, I have no hes-
itation in saying that it is; and if the Senate decide
that it is, they do not decide that the claimant is
entitled to his seat. They may consider the sub-
ject and decide against him. They may determ-
ine that the ground on which he predicates this
claim is wrong; that it is unfounded; that it re-
quires subsequent legislation before Minnesota is
a State in the Union; but whether that legislation
be necessary, or whether he is now entitled to
his seat without any further act of Congress, is
certainly a question of privilege—a question of
whether he has the privilege of a seat on this lloor
T)r not. He claims that he has. To say that be-
cause a Senator thinks the ground on whicii the
claimant presents his claim is unfounded, there-
fore it is not a question of privilege, is to beg the
whole question. We decide here, almost every
session, that a Senator is not entitled to his seat;
but is it not a question of privilege whether he is
or not? I never heard it doubted before.
The Senator from Virginia argues that Minne-
sota is not in a condition to entitle her Senators to
take seats on this floor, and therefore it is not a
question of privilege! The Senator from Ohio
says, that if she had pursued precisely the course
laid down in the enabling act, she would have
been m that condition; but he thinks she has not
pursued it. Are not-both of these matters of opin-
ion? The Senator who sends the memorial here
takes the ground that Minnesota is in the Union
in virtue of the enabling act, without any other
legislation on the part of Congress; and being thus
in the Union, he asks to -be sworn in, and to take
his seat as a Senator. Whether he has a right to
make that demand or not, isaquestion of privilege.
How I may decide on a consideration of this ques-
tion of privilege, is quite another subject. I may
come to the conclusion that the basis upon which
this memorial is founded is wrong. I may come
to the conclusion that further legislation is neces-
sary on the part of Congress, before the Senators
elected by the State of Minnesota are entitled to
their seats, and thus refuse to grant the privilege
which is presented by this Senator; butthatdoes
not strip it of its character as a question of privi-
lege. Whenever a Senator, elected by a State,
comes here and claims a seat on this floor, it is a
question of privilege. That is its character. If it
is not that, what is it? It seems to me that, viewed
in this light, it is of no consequence what the ulti-
mate judgment of the Senate on the subject may
be, in order to decide the character of this ques-
tion. If you admit the claim of the memorialist,
if you say that he is rights then I take it every-
body will concede that it is a question of privilege.
Now the point is, is he right? That is the
question presented; and it is a question of privi-
lege. Why? Because the right of any gentle-
man to a seat on this floor is a question of privi-
lege. It affects the organization of the body,and
falls within that class of cases denominated, under
parliamentary law, questions of privilege. In .my
humble judgment, that is the only question to be
decided at present, upon the suggestion that has
been made from the Chair—is it a question of
privilege? The Senate say " yes." Havingsaid '
that, they can postpone it; th-ey can do with it
what they can with any other question.
I did not vote at all on the motion to lay this
subject on the table, because I submitted, and I
certainly think that the question as propounded
by the Chair—will the Senate take this up and
consider it as a question of privilege?—is not a
subject which can be laid on the table. But, be-
ing regarded as such a question, it is before the
Senate; and then it may be postponed for the
Army bill; it may be laid on the table; it may be
disposed of like any other question which is be-
fore the Senate; and that, in my humble judg-
ment, (I say it with respect to all others,) is the
best way to get rid of this subject. When the
preliminary point is once decided, we can lay it
on the table, and go on with the Army bill, or do ■
anything else that a majority of the Senate choose.
But, sir. I shall not detain the Senate, but shall
conclude by a simple restatement. Here is an
individual elected by the State of Minnesota in
virtue of an act of Congress, as he claims; and
he claims that, in virtue of that act of Congress
and of his election, he is entitled now to take his"
seat ki this body. It is not necessary to decide
that he is entitled to it in order to say that this is
a question of privilege. The Senate may decide
against his claim, but it is no less a question of
privilege, and it falls within that class of parlia-
mentary questions denominated questions of priv-
ilege.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely desire to state the
point I took in relation to this matter. I say that,
to make it a question of privilege, it must be ne-
cessary for the petitioner to show at least a prima
facie right or title to a seat. Suppose some one
should come here and claim to be a Senator from
Arizona: would that be a question of privilege
which we should have to consider in preference
to all other business? Clearly not; because it
would be manifest'he had no prima facie title to a
seat. 1 say there can be no such title, because,
in order that there may be a Senator, it is neces-
sary that there should be a State to elect him. It
is obvious that Minnesota is not a State. There
can be no dispute about that.
The Senator from Ohio says it may be brought
in under an enabling act. Clearly not. The en-
abling act is only passed to allow the Territory
to form a constitution,'and present its constitu-
tion preliminary to admission. You cannot admit
it beforehand, because Congress has to judge
whether the constitution is republican. To make
it a State requires tlie assent of both parties.
This case stands a little different from the ordi-
nary case of contested elections, and the <jues-
tions of privilege which arise out of them. This
i§ a case in which you have to decide the prelim-
inary question as to the admission of the State.
To say that this is a matter of privilege, would
be to alio w any petitioner to come here and claim
a. seat, and to decide that you must give prece-
dence to that question.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will allow me to
present to him a supposed state of things. The
Senator from Virginia is endeavoring to show that
Minnesota is not in a condition to entitle this gen-
tleman to a seat here as her Senator. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky, who presented the creden-
tials, contends that it is. Now, sir, it is not a
case of common consent like Arizona, or Kamt-
sciiatlca, or some other case where the applica-
