866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
tion would be a mere sham. The Senator will
See that, taking his own position and that of the
Senator from Kentucky, it is a'question.
Mr. HUNTER. Senators may make a question
of anything. It is for the Senate to say whether
it is a question. It seems to me to be no more of
a "question thati' the case I have supposed of Ari-
zona. - It is-sought to be made a question on the
■ground that this petitioner has made the question
by claiming to be a Senator. I say if that be ad-
mitted, we should have to allow a petitioner who
claimed to be Senator from Arizona, to raise such
a question; for, clearly, no State can be brought
into the Union until there is an assent by both
parties—until the Territory claiming to be admit-
ted, and the Congress which acts for the Federal
Government, agree to its admission. To claim
otherwise would be to say that this is a State at
any rate, and that if we did not admit her, she is
a State out of the Union—an entirely anomalous
relation, for which our constitution has not pro-
vided. But, I believe, to settle this question, it
would be better to refer it to the Committee on the
Judiciary. I am willing to have it inquired into.
AU I object to is admitting it to be a question of
privilege which is to take precedence of all other
business.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think that the gentlemen who
have spoken have argued this question very well,
and that we all understand it; and I propose to
dispose of it in a way which I think will meet
their views. I concur with the Senator from New
York, and other gentlemen, that this question de-
pends entirely on whether Minnesota be or be not
a State in this Union. Under the Constitution
Congress admits new States. Has Congress ad-
mitted this new State of Minnesota? I simply
want to make that inquiry, and therefore I pro-
pose this resolution to dispose of the case:
Resolved, That the question of the admission of James
Shields to a seat in this body as a Scnatot from the State of
Minnesota, be referred to the J udiciary Committee, with in-
structions to inquire whether or not Minnesota is a State of
the Union under the Constitution and laws.
That covers the whole question. If she is a
State, this is a privileged question, unquestion-
ably. The privilege of a Senator, for many pur-
poses, commences from the time of his election,
and not from the time of his induction here. Sen-
ators have privileges given m the Constitution, to
be free from arrest in coming to, and returning
from, here. If he was arrested on the wayside
for debt, and pleaded privilege, the exhibition of
his commission would be a sufficient answer to
the action; and, therefore, swearing him in in this
body is not at all necessary to his character of
Senator. In this case, the whole matter is de-
pendent on the question, whether Minnesota is a
State of the Union, or not?
In 1802, when Ohio, under an enabling act,
had made a constitution, and went on, under the
regular forms, to constitute a State government,
a committee of this body was appointed. You
will not find it in tho printed Journals, but it is
now in manuscript in the Secretary's office. The
committee were to inquire whether or not Ohio
was a State. They said Congress had passed an
enabling act, that Ohio had complied with the
conditions, and that nothing else was necessary,
but to extend the laws of the United States over
her. They did that, and swore in the members.
They decided that she had complied with all the
conditions, and was a State. Now, if it be de-
cided that Minnesota is a State without further
legislation, this is a question of privilege, and the
gentleman ought to be admitted to his seat. If
she is not a State, he ought not to be admitted.
The consequences to which the Senator from New
York very properly referred cannot exist, because
we can never presume that the other House would
do wrong. If she be a State, we are bound to
presume that the House of Representatives will
admit her Representatives to take their seats at
once; if she is not a State, it is our province to
admit her in the terms of the Constitution, and
until that is done, she cannot be represented here.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall occupy the at-
tention of the Senate but a very few minutes. This
is, to some extent, a new subject, well worthy
the consideration of the Senate, and more consid-
eration, perhaps, than I have been able to bestow
on it in forming my own opinions. But it seems
to me that, in transforming the people of a Ter-
ritory into a State, there are various stages of
progress, and there are various effects resulting
in the course of that progress. You regard the
Territory, long before its admission, in many re-
spects, as a State. It has, in obedience to your
law enabling it to become a State, formed a gov-
ernment for itself. It is riot yet formally admitted
by Congress, butCongress always recognizes va-
rious acts, done by it before admission, which
none but a State could do. For instance, if the
State were admitted, I presume no gentleman here
would hesitate to receive the Senators already
elected; but yet, in a very technical and strict
sense, none but States can elect Senators. If she
is not a State until a formal act of admission is
passed and put on record here, then her election
| of Senators is null; yet, by the constant practice
; of the Senate, from the moment her constitution
! has been formed, and her Legislature have as-
sembled who are competent to elect a Senator,
you recognize the validity of her election of a Sen-
ator. The other House, in the presidential elec-
tion of Mr. Monroe, recognized Indiana, before
her admission as a State, so far as was necessary
to enable her to elect electors of President and
Vice President. This was not done without a
reason.
So, sir, you recognize her as a State in her elec-
tion of a State Legislature, whose powers are to
come from her own constitution, and not from
your organic law. You recognize her as a State
in her election of Governor, under the contem-
plated State organization. In all the preliminary
acts you recognize her as a State, though she has
not been admitted. You recognize her election of
Senators as a valid one, unless the State be after-
wards rejected. If you lecognize their election
i as valid, how can you refuse them seats here?
Can you say it is because she is not. yet formally
admitted? Thesame argument, if it avails against
their right to take seats, avails against her right
to elect them. You recognize the principle, and
you refuse the necessary consequence — so it
seems .to me.
After all these preliminary acts which are par-
tial recognitions (they are recognitions in these
particulars of it as a State) to cover all, to be
more comprehensive, to embrace all, you put
, upon the record, in the most formal manner, as
you ought to do, a formal admission of the State
into the United States. All that you have done
before, in those acts to which I have alluded, is a
i partial recognition. The House of Represent-
; atives, with the concurrence of the Senate, did it
j in the case of the electors of Indiana, to which I
, have alluded, because there the vote was counted
j.after attention had been called to it, after objec-
j tion had been made, and Mr. Calhoun and others,
i strict guardians of the Constitution, said " right;'*
and that same Congress permitted William Hen-
j dricks to be sworn in and take his seat as a mem-
! ber from Indiana, before the formal admission of
! the State. It seems to me that, notwithstanding
these imperfect—as I consider them—and partial
recognitions of it as a State, it would be compe-
; tent for Congress, when the great comprehensive
, question of admission as a State came up to be
, decided, if they discovered any insuperable ob-
jections on grounds of constitution or otherwise,
] to say, "This State is rejected; its constitution
! is not accepted; the State is not admitted." That
j would put an end, to be sure, to all the partial and
1 preliminary recognitions which had been made.
I That has been the course of Congress; that is
the convenient course; that, it seems to me, is the
I sensible course. It leaves everything in the power
I of Congress. It gives due effect, to every step
| taken in the progress of a Territory towards the
' official consummation of her becoming a State.
| The formal admission afterwards makes assur-
' ance doubly sure; rejection annuls it because all
that preceded it were but partial and imperfect
recognitions. So it is with the recognition of the
validity of this election of Senators, if you will
esteem it as such, whenever the State is admitted.
You have, in various other instances, regarded
such an election as valid and admitted the Sena-
tors after the formal admission of the State, thus
acknowledging the validity of an election made
; before; and it seems to me inconsistent to say that
i the validity of the election is not disputed, but the
right to take a seat here under that election is no
question of privilege and no right at all.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I quite concur
with the Senator from Georgia that this whole
question turns 011 the point whether Minnesota is
a State of the Union. If she is, then it was clearly
the right of the Senator from Kentucky this morn-
ing to move, as he did, to swear in her Senators,
as much so as it would be the privilege of the Sen-
ator from Texas to rise to-morrow morning and
move to swear in his absent colleague who has
not yet taken the oath. It is not technically a
question of privilege; it is lather what we call, in
parliamentary law, a privileged question. The
distinction is not wort/h drawing here, perhaps, but
still there is a distinction.
Now, is Minnesota a State of the Union? I shall
vote for the resolution proposed by the Senator
from Georgia; but I do it in deference to the judg-
ment of other gentlemen, and to get clear of the
question now, and not because there is one single
shade of a shadow of doubt on my mind on the
subject. Minnesota is not a State of the Union.
If she is, she must have been made so by the en-
abling act. There is 110 pretense that, she has be-
come a State in any other way. SVho knows?
How has it been congressionally ascertained that
she has complied with the enabling act ? Where,
is the judgment on that subject ? How has it been
ascertained that her constitution does not infringe
or violate the Constitution of the United States?
When was it ascertained, and put upon the record,
that her constitution is republican in its form'.
All these things may be true, but they have not
been ascertained. There is nothing 011 the record
to show that they are true. Where is the evi-
dence, that in fixing her boundaries, she has not
run into the adjoining States, and cut off a part of
Iowa and Wisconsin ? Has it been ascertained
thay hat is not true ? Suppose, without inquiry,
just by virtue of the enabling act, she is now m
the Union, and it turns out that her constitution
is not republican in form, that her boundaries vio-
late the boundaries of the adjoining States, that"
she has in other respects violated the Constitution
of the United States: then what? Is sheoutofthe
Union ? Do you break up the Union by turning
her out to-morrow as soon as you ascertain that
these things are true? If she is in the Union, she
is in from the day her constitution was passed by
the members of the convention which made it, for
you have done nothing to give sanction to it since
that. If she is in by virtue of the enabling act,
she is in from the very hour when the convention
made tho constitution; and then I suppose the
very instant you find out that her constitution is in
violation of the Constitution of the United States,
she goes out. That is an act of dissolution.
I speak of these matters simply to show what
strikes me to be the absurdity of declaring a State
in the Union in this sort of informal way. If she
cannot be in the Union with a constitution anti-
republican; if she cannot be in with boundaries
which infringe the boundaries of other States; if
she cannot be in because her constitution provides
for orders of nobility, stars, and garters, and all
j that; if she cannot be in for any one of the hun-
! dred reasons which I could name, then there must
! be a necessity for ascertaining that these obiec-
I tions do not exist before she is in at all. Who
; has ascertained it? It is the duty of Congress
I under the clause of the Constitution, which ao-
! thorizes it to admit new States, to ascertain all
these points. When they have done it, and put
that ascertainment in the form of a judgment on
the records, the State is in, and not till then.
About this I have no doubt, and I am astonished
to find that anybody else has; but still in defer-
ence to the opinion of other gentlemen, and to get
clear of the question, I will vote for the resolution
of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. SIMMONS. I desire to make a few in-
quiries before I vote on this question, if there is
any question to be voted upon. I should like to
ask the Senator from New York if he has exam-
ined this question, as 1 suppose he has, whether
the admission of a State into the Union, as he un-
derstands it, cannot be made by an act of Con-
gress to depend on a future act of that State, com-
plying with certain conditions; and whether, if
they are complied with, the State is not in from
the time they are complied with? I think Min-
nesota is a little nearer in the Union than Rhode
Island was from the time the Constitution of the
United States was adopted until we accepted that
Constitution and adopted it ourselves. Rhode
Island, from 1787 to 1791, was without the juris-
diction of the United States. You could enforce
