2976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11.
$385,000 for the payment of volunteers operating
in Florida in 1857.
The twentieth amendment, which appropriates
$50,000 for continuing the construction of Fort
Knox, Maine.
The twenty-first amendment, which appropri-
ates $50,000 for continuing .the construction of
Fort Montgomery, New York.
The twenty-fourth amendment, appropriating
$20,000 for continuing the construction of Fort
Wood, New York.
The twenty-seventh amendment, appropriating
$75,000 for continuing the construction of Fort
Calhoun, Virginia.
The twenty-eighth amendment, appropriating
§25,000 for continuing the construction of Fort
Sumpter, South Carolina.
The twenty-ninth amendment, appropriating
$75,000 for continuing the construction of Fort
Clinch, Florida.
The thirty-second amendment, appropriating
$50,000 for continuing the construction of Fort
Pickens, Florida.
The thirty-fourth amendment, appropriating
§50,000 for continuing the construction of Fort
Gaines, Alabama.
The thirty-fifth amendment, which appropriates
$10,000 for the extension and repairs of Fort St.
Philip, Louisiana.
The forty-fifth, forty-sixth, and forty-seventh
amendments, providing- for an amendment of the
act of the 3d of March, 1851, entitled 4' An act to
found a military asylum for the relief and support
of invalid and disabled soldiers of the Army of
the United States," and extending the provisions
of said act to invalid and disabled soldiers of sub-
sequent wars.
The forty-ninth amendment, in relation to the
war debt of California.
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from their disagreement to, and concur in,
the first amendment of the Senate.
That amendment relates to the rank and pay of
certain officers at the Military Academy at West ;
Point. The effect of the amendment is to increase
the pay of instructors some twelve hundred dol-
lars in the aggregate. The rank which it con-
fers is m*re local rank, and it holds only while
those officers are in the discharge of their duties
as such officers. It carries no pay.
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from their disagreement to, and concur in, the
nineteenth amendment of the Senate, which is m
reference to continuing certain works of defense.
Mr. I3ARKSDALE. I desire to ask if it would
be in oider to move that the House concur in the
report of the committee without any further ex-
planation? it is signed, I understand, by ail the
members of the committee.
Mr. QAJITMAN. I am informed that the Sen-
ate have agreed to this conference report.
Mr. BARKSDALE. If it is in oider, I make
the motion.
Mr. B1ELINGHURST. I desire to hear the
report explained.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I merely wish to
know what amendments are recommended to be
passed.
Air. BARKSDALE. I demand the previous
question upon my motion.
Mr. STANTON. I think the House ought to
hear the report explained.
Mr. j3AKKSDALE. 1 understand the gentle-
man hun.se If signed the report.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly. But I think the
House ought to hear it.
Mr CLEMENS. Ifgentlemenchoose to adopt
this mode of legislation, I ask the privilege of
filing my written protest on the Journal.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Bead the
amendments recommended to be adopted.
Mr. HARivSDALE. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Air. QUITMAN. As the amendments in re-
paid to die utsenals have been read 
Air. CRAWFORD. Wc reduced each one of
them twenty-five per cent., and took only four or
five points on the Atlantic coast and on the Gulf.
We reeommend nn appropriation for Portland, !
Now Yotk, Philadelphia, Baltimore, the Keys of !
Florida, and San Francisco, reducing tiie Senate !
aim iidmnit twenty-five per cent, for each. The ;
whole reduction that we succeeded m making is
over a miiixou dollars.
Mr. CIU1TMAN. The committee recommend
that the House recede from its disagreement to
the third amendment of the Senate, and concur
in the same with the amendment of inserting
" twenty-five" instead of " forty-five," so that
the amendment will read:
For the purchase of brcech-Ioading carbines of the best
model, to be selected and approved by a board of Army of-
ficers, $25,000.
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from its disagreement to the fourth amend-
ment of the Senate, and concur in the same with
the following amendment:
Stiike out ail after the word " War," and insert as fol-
lows :
And at his discretion in applying to the old or new arms
any lecent improvement m the mode of pruning.
So that the amendment will read:
For the alteration of old arms, so as to make them breech-
loading arms, on a model to be selected and approved by
a board of Army officers, $25,000 : Provided, That any por-
tion of said sum, not evceeding $5,000, may be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War and at his dis-
cretion, &c.
The committee recommend the House to recede
fiom its disagreement to the twenty-second amend-
ment, and concur in the same with the following
amendment:
Strike out fifty,'* and insert "forty."
So that it will r<jad :
For tiie fort at Hog Inland ledge, Portland harbor, Maine,
S40.00U.
The committee make the same recommenda-
tion as to the twenty-third amendment, reducing
the appropriation for the fort at Richmond, Sta-
ten Island, New York,from $100,000 to $75,000.
The committee make the same recommendation
as to the twenty-fifth amendment, reducing the
appropriation for Fort Delaware, Delaware har-
bor, Delaware, from §100,000 to $75,000.
The committee make the same recommendation
as to the twenty-sixth amendment reducing the
appropriation for Fort Carroll, Soller's Point flats,
Baltimore harbor, Maryland, from $100,000 to
$75,000.
The committee make the same recommenda-
tion as to the thirtieth amendment, reducing the
appropriation for Fort Taylor, Key West, Flor-
ida, from $100,000 to $75,000. *
The committee make the same recommenda-
tion as to the thirty-first amendment, reducing
the appropriation for Fort Jefferson, Garden Key,
Tortugas, Florida, from $200,000 to 0150,000.
The committee make the same recommenda-
tion l educing the appropriation for Fort Point, San
Fiancisco, California, from $150,000 to $112,500.
The committcc recommend the House to re-
cede from its disagreement to the thirty-seventh
amendment, with an amendment, to substitute
$30,000 for $50,000, so that it will read:
Foi construction of pcimanent platforms for modem can-
non ot latgo caliber in existing lorufieatious of important
harbois, £3ii.OUO.
The committee recommend the House to recede
from its disagreement to the forty-second amend-
ment, with an amendment, striking out the words
" for printing," so that it will read:
That there he approbated, &e , for piepniing the draw-
ing:, ot the sail.u^ oh.iih; of the {Joining's Smut and ftorth
Paeitic exphumg and siuveying expedition, underthe con
trol and du.-ction of tne Secretary ox the Navy—but not lor
printing—the sum of ^6.700.
The committee on the part of the Senate agree
to recommend that body to recede from its disa-
greement to the amendment of the House to the
forty-first amendment of the Senate, in respect
to the administering the prescribed oath of enlist-
ment to recruits by commissioned olacers when
the services of a civil magistrate cannot be ob-
tained.
1 now move the previous question on the adop-
tion of the report.
Air. MILLION, (at ten minutes after eleven
o'clock, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn: and 1 ask for tellers on that motion, be-
cause I want to show that the number of mem-
bers present justifies it.
Tellers were not ordered.
The House refused to adjourn.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the report of the committee of confer-
ence was agreed to.
Mr. WA1SHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the report of the com-
mittee of conference was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled, an act (H. R. No. 200)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1859; when the Speaker signed the same.
SUPPLEMENTAL INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments of the Senate to the supple-
mental Indian appropriation bill, submitted the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the hill (H. R. No. 557) making supple-
mental appropriation^ l'or tiie euirent and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1859, have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses, as follows :
That the Senate recede fiom us twerity-sixth, twenty-
seventh, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth amendments.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the
amendment of the House to its thirtieth amendment, and
concur in the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the thud
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same with an
amendment, as follows : m the fourth line of featd amend-
ment, stuke out the word " March," and insert August."
J. D. BRIGHT,
W. K. SEBASTIAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
GEORGE S. HOUSTON:,
B. F. LEITER.
JAMErf U. CLAY,
Managers on the part of the Howe.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know whether the
House desires any explanation of this report.
The Senate have yielded everything the House
desired, and I osk the previous question.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to know what the
amendment is to which the House agrees.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is as follows :
Foi compensation of five exna clerk* m the Indian of-
fice, under acts of ath March, 1851, and 3:1 Marcn, JSoo,
and under appiopnations made from year to year, .^7,001).
The committee recommend a concurrence in
that amendment, with an amendment to strike out
" March" and insert " August,"so as to give the
right date of an act.
Mr. CLEMENS. I would ask if these are the
clerks employed on the land maps ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, no; they are clerks in
the Indian office.
Mr. CLEMENS. Then I am satisfied.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the report of the committee of confer-
ence was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and aKo
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSION BILL,
Mr. MASON. Is amotion in order now ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MASON. I ask th e unanimous consent of
the House, that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill to grant pensions
to tiie soldiers of the war of 1812.
Mr. BOCOCIC. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to make a report from the committee of
conference on the naval appropriation hill.
Mr. MASON. I will give way for a moment
for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman yield to
allow the report to be disposed of?
Mr. MASON, Yes, sir; if I can have the floor
after it is disposed of.
[Cries of " Agreed !"]
Mr. STANTON. I understand that the Sen-
ate have adjourned and have not acted on the re-
ports of tiie committees of conference on the In-
dian and iSavy bills, and there is, therefore, no
necessity for us to stay here all night. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ohio
I will excuse the Chair, the Chair would suggest
: that the House have three hills remaining l.i com-
] mittee, and it is very important that the House
