1952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4.
stopping to canvass the merits of the various |
amendments offered to this bjll, that I am in favor ;
of the admission of Minnesotainto this Union. 1
believe thatnoreasonable argomentcan be-brought
forward against that admission. No hue-and-cry
can be raised against heron account of irregularity
o'rtu-rbulence in her proceedings. She comes here
with a constitution formed by a legally-elected
convention, fairly and legitimately elected by the
people, and with the voice of the people potential
m its favor. The cry cannot be raised that there
have .been blood-and fraud and murder in the
Territory, and that the true will of the people has
been suppressed. Minnesota, comes here with
no-stain of blood upon her garments; she comes
attended by the handmaids of peace and plenty. I
trust, sir, that this House will pass, by a large
majority, an act admitting her as a State into this
Union. I trust that that majority will be so large
that it will stifle the expressions which have gone
forth from some gentlemen upon this-floor of the
Republican party, who have sought to insult and
degrade the people of Minnesota by charging
frauds upoa them in their recent election. I trust
that the act of-admitting her will be consummated
at once, thereby bringing another star within our
political system, the grandeur of whose structure,
the beauty of whose proportions, and the har-
mony of whose movements, will be the admira-
tion of succeeding ages.
Mr. GARNETT obtained the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgm. Will the gen-
tleman yi>-id to me for one moment?
Mr. GARNETT. I will.
, Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to re-
fer the bill to the Committee on Territories. I
make the motion merely to keep the bill before
the House. I see that we are not likely to have
a vote upon it to-day, and I do not wish it to go
to the Speaker's table.
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Speaker, I am rather
pleased at the course which this debate has taken,
because I hope it exonerates me in the eyes of
everybody from any charge of a drsire to defeat
the admission of a free State because it is a free
State, in the remarks which I shall make upon
this bill. I suppose, sir, that when a gentleman
so noted as a leader in the Republican camp as
the honorable member from Oino, (Air. Sher-
man-,] takes ground against the admission of Min-
nesota, it cannot be contended on any side that
the opposition to this bill, or rather the opposition
to certain features m the bill, arises from a desire
to defeat the admission of a free State. I am glad
that the sectional question is entirely removed
from the discussion, and that we can address our-
selves to the questions that legitimately arise out
of the circumstances under which Minnesota seeks
admission into the Union.
I say more, sir; I say that I hope that none will
inquire what party is to be benefited by the ad-
mission of Minnesota. I confess that some of the
remarks which the gentleman from Ohio made,
seemed to me to indicate a disposition on ins part
to vote against the admission of Minnesota not
merely for the reasons which ho assigned, but also
because it bo happens that the Senators and mem-
bers elect are Democratic, and I almost feared
that my own colleague and valued friend [Mr.
Jrnkivs] had allowed this fact to sway liis judg-
ment in favor of the admission of Minnesota.
Mr SHERMAN, of Ohio. I understand the
gentleman to repeat what his colleague [Mr. Jen-
kins] said a while ago, that my position m refer-
ence to this biil was m consequence of the elec-
tion or Democratic Senators and Representatives.
No w, sir, if i consulted my own feeling's and in-
terests, probably 1 should vote for the admission
of Minnesota; but I am actuated by no such mo-
tive. I simply desired to onll the attention of
Congress to the necessity of requiring of each
Territory regularity and conformity to law in
forming their State constitution. I disclaim any
oth<"jr motive.
Mr. GARNETT. I am glad to hear the gen-
tleman's disclaimer. I was about to say that the
admission of a sovereign State into the Confed-
eracy is too important a question, not merely in
itself, but in the consequences which it carries as
a pivot-dint, for any man to permit his judgment
to be governed by party considerations. For my
own part, f care not one iota, in the vote which I
shall give on this occasion, whether the Senators
and Representatives elect belong to the one party
or to the other. I shall not permit myself to in-
quire into it, nor .allow my judgment to be in the
least degree whatever swayed by that fact. The
people of Minnesota are entitled to such Repre-
sentatives as they choose to elect; they are enti-
tled to belong to whichever party they prefer;
and their choice shall not influence my vote.
Mr. Speaker,I desire to say,in theiirst place,
that I voted against the enabling act of last ses-
sion for Minnesota, and, amongst other reasons,
because that enabling act contained a clause per-
mitting alien suffrage; for while I have never be-
longed to the American party, while, in all my
political action, I have steadily and earnestly op-
posed that party, yet I do entirely disapprove, in
common with ninety-nine out of one hundred of
the voters of the State which I have the honor in
part to represent; permitting unnaturalized for-
eigners to vote in our Territories.
Sir, I had another objection to that enabling
act. There was a solemn stipulation, when my
State surrendered the vast empire of the North-
west, between the Federal Union on the one pai t,
and the States on the other, that not more than
five States should be formed out of that territory.
It was a stipulation winch was of the utmost
importance, because the other sections of the
Confederacj'- d:d not consider that their interests
would allow more than ten votes in the Senate of
the United States to the northwest territory then
ceded.
Sir, that stipulation has been violated. You
have five States formed out of that territory al-
ready, and twenty-odd thousand square miles go
to the formation of this State of Minnesota. Gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House talk about
a breach of faith in the repeal of the Missouri re-
striction—a breach of faith which was simply the
repeal by one Congress of what they believed to
be the unconstitutional legislation of a preceding
one. But her^, sir, was a compact entered into
contemporaneously with the Constitution of the
United Slates. That compact was deliberately
violated m the formation of the Territory of Min-
nesota, as was boasted in debate here at the time.
But, does it stopeven here? We learn nowfiom
the newspapers that there is to be a proposition lor
the formation of another State out of portions of
Wisconsin and Michigan, with the outlandish
name of Onfonagon, or something like it.
Mr. WASHBCJRNE, of Illinois. It is pro-
nounced Ontanagan.
Mr. GARNETT. Well, it is a lit name for a
State which, m all probability, will be inhabited
by scarcely anybody that can speak the English
language—the outpourings of every foreign hive
that cannot support its own citizens.
But, sir, if i consent to waive all these objec-
tions, then I ask how does Minnesota apply here
for admission into the Union? An enabling act
was passed. Has she complied with that enabling
act? la there any valid constitution of Minnesota
before us? 1 take it that u constitution must be
the act of the people, done either under the sanc-
tion and authority of Congress, or without that
previous sanction, in the way of peaceful revolu-
tion, as in the case of Oregon and others. If the
former, then, acting under an enabling act, the
terms of the law must bo followed—the provisions
of the deed of trust must be strictly pursued. If
the latter, it must be with the assent and under
the laws of the existing territorial government—
the dejacto government—the only political organ-
ization existing there besides the Federal Govern-
ment.
But how was it in Minnesota ? Your Federal
law of last session authorized <i convention of sev-
enty-eight members. But the Territorial Legis-
lature intervened, and called a convention of one
hundred and eight members; so that the very first
act of the existing governmentthere was to violate
the enabling act. You authorized a convention
with one number of members—they called a con-
vention with another number. And even tlm ter-
ritorial law of their own commanded no mote re-
spect than did our law, and they elected, neither
seventy-eight members, as we required, nor one
hundred and eight, as tliPir Legislature prescribed,
but one hundred and thiiteen, thus showing, at
every step, that they lacked the very first chaiac-
terisuc of a capacity for self-government—a rev-
erence for law, and a will to abide by it.
Things were still worse when these one hun-
dred and thirteen delegates attempted to meet in
convention. They could not agree even to organ-
ize or sit in the same hall; but they formed them-
selves into two separate and distinctconventions,
if I may dignify such assemblies by that term, in
separate rooms, one composed of fifty-five^ and
the^other of fifty-eight members.
Mr. TIJiPPE. I just want to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from Virginia. I desiie to
call his attention to another fact in reference to the
number of members of these conventions. The
report of the Senate recites, as the gentleman has
stated, that there were fifty-eight members in one
convention, and fifty-five in the other. But fifty-
two of the latter signed the constitution. The Del-
egare from that Territory certifies that three were
absent. In the other convention we are informed
officiary by the Senate committee that there were
fifty-eight members; but, if you will count the
names, you will find that fifty-nine signed the con-
stitution.
Mr. GARNETT. I took it for granted that
the statement of the Senate committee wascorrect;
but, sir, it .seems that this whole proceeding is as
irwgular as it is possible to make it, and that the
Senate Committee on Territories were unable to
count what, the people of Minnesota were unable
to do. I say, therefore, that this constitution was
not the act of the people of Minnesota, for it was
not the act of their conventions. There was no
convention. Who ever heard of two constitutional
conventions sitting at the same time, and repre-
senting different factions or sections of the peo-
ple? This'instrument,agreed on by committees
of conference, and adopted without deliberation
or discussion, was not the work of a convention.
Deliberation in common is as essentigj as voting
in common. The discussion of propositions and
amendments, and the gradual elimination of dif-
ferences, are the only intelligent basis for final
consent; and lawgivers have no right to act unless
they are assembled together according to law.
Their powers belong to them collectively, as one
body, and not individually. And this pretended
constitution derives no more force from the sig-
natures of the members individually, than if each
man had signed at his own home, and had never
seen his fellow-members. The convention, and
the convention alone—thatis, the people of Minne-
sota acting through their representatives, accord-
ing to law—could form a constitution; and no
convention ever met or organized. There is, there-
fore, no constitution.
But I am told by the Delegate from Minnesota,
and by other gentlemen, that this instrument was
ratified by a popular vote. Well, sir, I thought
the argument on our side of the House had been
that a mere popularvote could not give validity to
that which was invalid before; that the mere vote
of a numerical majority, however large that ma-
jority might be, couid jppt make that law which
was not law according to the recognized legal
forms. rI thought that was the doctrine of this
side at least, if not of the other. Yet the gentleman
tells me that the mere popular vote makes the law!
Who hod the authority to submit it to the people?
The convention itself? There was no convention
held. And I maintain that the mere vote of the
people of Minnesota upon that which was not a
constitution in itself, which had not been formed
by a lawful convention, was of no sort of force or
effect. For, sir, ours is not a m^bocracy; it is not
a government of mere numbers, or of unorgan-
ized masses; but if is a repYPwixtative democracy.
The voters at the polls may elect their represent-
atives, and they may ratify what their represent-
atives have done; but it is only through those rep-
resentatives in convention, or according to law,
assembled, that they can make or propose a con-
stitution. And to permit this high prerogative of
sovereignty to be exercised by mere individuals,
as in Minnesota, is m dircct violation of every
rational principle of free popular government.
Now, sir, when Minnesota comes forward under
such circumstances as these, and I am asked to
overlook aL these irregularities and objections; to
acquiesce in a violation of the compact of 1787,
and to accept that as a constitution which is no
constitution at all, and that as the act of the peo-
ple,which has no legal authentication, then I may
venture to open that constitution and to inquire
which of its provisions peculiarly commend them-
selves to my favor. I maintain that Congress has
no power to regulate suffrage within the States;
but where there is no enabling act, or where its
