1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
no law upon them, and collect no revenue from
them. They kept without the Union for four years.
The condition of their coming into this Union
was, that they should have a convention and ac-
cept the constitution of the United States. They
did accept it, and they were in. They not only
did not elect a new Legislature, but the Legisla-
ture that was chosen "before they were within the
Union elected Senators and sent them here, and
they took their seats, and had a right to take
them, in my opinion.
I say that it does not depend$fcfc*ny particular
form of admission. If they aogjpcordmg to the
Constitution and according to the law of the Uni-
ted States and comply with all its provisions, they
are m the Union practically. Suppose, as the !
Senator from Mississippi says, their constitution j
does not conform to the Constitution of the United j
States; then it is invalid from the outset, it is good \
for nothing fiom the beginning; but it is said you '
must go thi^ugh the form. The first Senators
from Rhode -Island would have thought it very ■
singular, and I dare say the first Senators from ]
North Carolina would, for they did not come in for ;
three years, if they should be questioned whether i
their Legislature was elected after the adoption j
of the constitution or before. They came in ac-
cording to the provisions of the Constitution, and
a State can.come in to-day according to the pro- '
visions of the Constitution and the provisions of
a law of Congress. '
This Territory has been within the jurisdiction
of the United States ever since the Constitution j
was formed. We can prescribe, as I understand, ,
the mode of their coming here and the mode of j
their making preparation for admission. 1 hold
that that is a very different thing from what it is
for a Territorial Legislature to undertake to usurp ;
authority and send Senators here. We have given '
them authority to become a State; and the ques- |
tion is, are they a State? I agree there must be .
steps in this proceeding, there must be step after
step, but does anybody contend that any validity
could be given to this election, and to the creden-
tials of the Senators which are presented, by any- (
thing we can do here formally admitting Minne- }
sota as a State ? If it was not a State when they i
were elected, their election is good for nothing.
In the routine of business, it is not so material '
which point you take up first.
The Senator from Kentucky says Louisiana ,
was admitted in the same way; that they were au-
thorized to frame a constitution, and that they had
a right to send members here. Did I so under-
stand? i
Mr. CRITTENDEX. Louisiana was author- !
ized to form a Constitution, and did so; and was
required by the same act to send her constitution
here, and if that constitution was not rejected by
Congress, she was declared by the enabling act to
he a State of the Union, without any vote of ad-
mission.
Mr. SIMMONS. There was no voteof admis-
sion; that is what I understand. It was perfectly
competent, then, for Congress to have said so in
regard to Minnesota. If they did not say so, it
does notfollow that the people of Minnesota must
go back and sleet their Legislature over again,
and that we mustexclude them because we did not
think of that, and turn them adrift with no terri-
torial or State government. In my opinion we
must recognize these things as having taken place.
I believe the Senator from Minnesota comes here
with his credentials; I did not happen to be in
the Chamber when they were presented; but it
seems to me this question, if properly made, is as
much a question of privilege, as if I or any other
Senator in this body were to present credentials,
and our taking a seat should be resisted.
I think there is no such practical difficulty as
the Senator from Virginia imagines. He seems
to suppose that you have to go into all the matters
from the foundation, and that this State, if we do
" not admit her, would exist as a State out of the
Union. There is no such thing. Our jurisdiction
extends over Minnesota now as much as over any
State of the Union.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator should not un-
derstand me as saying that it is a State out of the
Union. I say that seems to me to be the legiti-
mate consequence of thedoctiine on the other side.
Mr. SIMMONS. That was the answer of the
Senator from Virginia to the argument of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that, if we admitted the Sen-
ators from Minnesota and afterwards turned them
out, if there was any informality in the proceed-
ings, they would be a State out of the Union. I
cannot so understand it. I think they would be
in the Union anyhow. I do not believe they can
get out of it. I do not believe there is so much
facility in getting out of the Union as some do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is, whether the application of
James Shields is a question of privilege. The
Senator from Georgia proposes to refer that ques-
tion by the following resolution:
! Resolved, That the question of the admission of James
; Shields to a seat in tins body, ay a Senator from the State
: of Minnesota, by refui red to the Committee on the Judtci-
| aiy, with instructions to inquire whether oi not Minnesota
I is a State of the Union under the Constitution and laws.
I The resolution was adopted,
j INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
! The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
; sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 79) to
! increase the military establishment of the United
States, the pending question being on the motion
of Mr. Simmons to amend the substitute offered
by Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, by striking out in
; the firstsection the words, "four thousand", "and
; inserting, "threeregimentsjorthirtycompanies."
I Mr. SIMMONS. The object of the amend-
j ment is to leave it optional with the President to
j muster -into service three regiments, or thirty
j companies of volunteers. I propose this as an
i amendmentto the proposition of the Senator from
! Tennessee, to raise volunteers instead of regulars.
, Objection was made a week ago, when we had
! this hill up, that four thousand volunteers would
' cost more than the proposition of the Senator from
j Virginia, for three regiments of regulars. The
! amendment of the Senator from Tennessee was
j objected to on the ground that it culled for more
i men, and, therefore, it would be more expensive,
j I propose to raise the same number of companies
suggested by the Senator from Virginia, and to
, give the President authority to accept them by
regiments or companies, as the public scrvice
may require. I think myself that if volunteers
are accepted, it may be more convenient for the
Government to employ them in companies than
in regiments; but that will depend on their mode
of organizing them. I think, if I understood the
Senator from Tennessee, he was willing to accept
this modification, and put it down to the same
number proposed by the Senator from Virginia;
and'then the question will come up simply in the
prefetence between the two kinds of forces—reg-
ulars or volunteers.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think by a
reference to the first section of my substitute the
Senator will find it proposes to raise them in regi-
ments, battalions, or companies. All that it will
be necessary for the Senator to do will be to move
to strike out " four thousand" and insert " three
regiments."
Mr. SIMMONS. They must be raised by
companies. Thirty companies make three regi-
ments.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Perhaps the
Senator does not understand me. I will state
again that the first section of the substitute au-
thorizes the President to receive into the service
of the United States companies, battalions, or
regiments of volunteers to any extent not ex-
ceeding four thousand men. The Senator will
attain his object by striking out " four" and in-
serting " three."
Mr. SIMMONS. Three regiments would be
about two thousand two hundred men.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. But say three
thousand men, and that would bring it withm the
proper limit.
Mr. SIMMONS. All I want is to bring the
amendment down, so that no man who is for re-
stricting the bill can say that volunteers cost more
than regulars. I want to have a fair question be-
tween regulars and volunteers. The objection I
have heard urged is, that the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Tennessee authorizes the
President to employ a great many more men, and
would requite, therefore, a greater outlay than
the proposition of the Senator from Virginia. I
want to reduce it down to the same number of
men that would be contained in three regiments
of regulars; and if that can be done, my object
will be attained.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee, I think striking
out the word " four, "and inserting " three/* will
accomplish the idea of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to one circumstance. If that is the
purpose of this bill, I will say that the President
be authorized to accept two thousand two "hun-
dred and twenty men. That is just the .number
of thirty companies, or three regiments, as now
authorized by law. There are seventy-four men
in a company, and thirty companies would be
two thousand two hundred and twenty men; or*
say not exceeding two thousand five hundred men.
I do not care about the exact number, so that I
am within a reasonable range. I modify my
amendment, so as to move to strike outl( four
thousand" in the substitute of the Senator from
Tennessee, and insert " two thousand five hun-
dred."
Mr. PUGH. I propose "three thousand."
These companies are larger when they serve in
the field than according to the peace establish-
ment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no objection. I will
accept that modification, if it be satisfactory. I
move to strike out " four thousand," and insert
" three thousand."
Mr. BROWN. I do not wish to discuss this
question particularly, but I desire, in this connec-
tion, to make a very brief explanation. I find that
I was represented in the western newspapers,
through the telegraphic reports, as having, on a
former occasion when this question was up, used
this language:
" Mr. Brown said that if volunteers were sent to Utah>
they would follow Brigham Young, and would not fight un-
less forced to."
Now, sir, Mr. Brown did not say any such
thing, nor anything which even approximated to
that; yet I can see how by an awkward telegraph
sentence, awkwardly punctuated in the printing,
I am made to say precisely what I did not say.
What I did say was, that if volunteers were sent
to Utah, war would follow, and that Brigham
Young would not. fight unless he was forced to;
yet this telegraphic dispatch represents me as
saying that if you sent volunteers to the Utah
war they would follow Brigham Young, and that
they would not fight unless they were forced to
do so. See what havoc was made of my poor
little speech.
That is not the woist of it. There is not a vol-
unteer soldier, past or to come, who would not
feel that he was grossly insulted by such a decla-
ration here, that his country sends him out to
fight these Mormons, and instead of doing it he
follows their chief; and then when he follows the
chief he is notgoing to fight unless you force him
to it. I said the other day, that I would not vote
for volunteer troops fortius scrvice for the reason
I then assigned. I wanted then, and now, to im-
press upon the Senate that if you send volunteers
there, you will have war. If you send volunteers
from Missouri and Illinois, from which two States
they are more likely to come than anywhere else,
as I said then, and 1 tried to impress that idea on
the Senate, (and I hope if anybody hereafter tel-
egraphs anything I say, he will, at least, get some-
where in the neighborhood of the truth,) they will
go to wreak vengeance on the Mormons, and they
will bring on a war. If you send regular troops,
and make a proper demonstration, I have never
believed, and do not now believe that Brigham
Young will fight; but I would take all the neces-
i sary steps to be prepared for battle, if you must
| have it. I do not seek it; I would avoid it by all
1 fair and honorable means. There never has been
i an American musket fired against the bosom of
I an American citizen by order of the Government,
i or under the sanction of law. I shall deplore the
1 hour when the first blood is shed in a fratricidal
f war. These Mormons are all wrong. That they
must be required to obey the laws of the country,
I am as ready to admit as anybody else; but I
would send no volunteer force there, that would
£-0 to wreak vengeance for past wrongs, and thus
precipitate you into a conflict whether you would
or not. ... - ,
Sir, if you had an actual existing war with a
foreign Government, with the Indians, with the
Mormons, or with- anybody else, I would prefer
volunteers to all other kinds of force. Why ? Be-
cause when the war is on hand they will pitch in
and Ssfht it out more valorously, more daringly,
