THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 14, 1858.
New Series. .. .No, 187
should dispose of as much business as possible
to-night.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I withdraw the mo-
tion.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the Navy appropriation bill, submitted the fol-
lowing report: •
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 199) making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1859, having met, have, after a full and free con-
ference, agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses as follows :
That the Senate do recede from its first and fifth amend-
ments-.
That the House do recede from its disagreement to the
second and third amendments of the Senate.
That the [-louse do ieeede from it* disagreement to the
tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to said amend
ment, wuh ;ut amendment a*< follows : strike out*' 1st day
of July, 1856," and insert<( parage of this act."
That the Senate do agree to the amendment of the House
to its fourteenth amendment.
S. R. MALLORY,
SOLOMON FOOT,
J. T. BENJAMIN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
THOMAS S. BOCOCK,
JOHN KELLY,
F. li. MORSE,
Managers on the pari of the Home.
Mr. BOCOCK. I shall occupy the attention
of the House but a short time in explaining the
provisions of this report of the committee of con-
ference. It will be seen by the House, that the
action of the committee has been approved by
every member of the committee of this House
and every member of the committee of the Senate.
The report is signed by all the managers of the
conference. There were but few subjects of dis-
agreement between the two Houses.
[Cricsof"Question Vote!"and "We will
agree to it!"]
Mr. BOCOCK. Well, if the House does not
want any explanation, lam quite willing that the
vote shall be taken.
Mr. CLEMENS. I want an explanation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 merely want to
have that read which it is proposed shall become
law.
Mr. BOCOCK. The leport has been read, and
I will briefly explain it. There were but few
amendments m controversy between the two
Houses. The Senate, it will tie seen, have receded
from their lirstand fifth amendments. It is scarcely
necessary, I suppose, to explain what those are.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" and "Go ahead!"]
The House recedes from its disagieement to the
second and third amendments Those amend-
mer-'s are coupled together, and relate to the same
subject—an appropriation of £50,600 for filling in
the new puichase m the Biooklyn navy-yard. I
wish io make a brief explanation m relation to
that subject. Some years ago the Congress of
the United States appropriated $80,000 for the
purpose of building marine barracks at Brooklyn,
in the State of New York. No provision was
made for the purchase of a site for such barracks.
It was designed that they should be located on
the grounds owned by the Government at that
place, but there were no grounds upon which these
marine barracks could be erected, without filling in
a portion of the purchase that the Government had
a fVw years before made. A considerable amount
of money has been already expended in filling in
a sufficient portion of that new purchase to fur-
nish a sue for these marine barracks. It is now
nt-m-ly completed The Secretary of the Navy
estimated, at the beginning of the session, that it
would require $50,650 to complete that filling in.
That is ail that this amendment provides for.
Until that is done, these marine barracks cannot
be bu.lt, and the object of the appropriation made
some two years ago will be defeated, ihis sum
of 000, appropriated for the purpose of erect-
ing murine bamuk&, has never been used, and
there are now no barracks, but merely sheds, for
the use of the marines at that place.
187
Mr. MORGAN. I would ask the gentleman j
if the Representative from that district, who is j
familiar with every foot of the land, and knows
everything about it, did not at first go before the !
committee and say that there was no earthly use
in this appropriation, and afterwards, when he ■
found that it was necessary, in order to get votes j
next fall, discovered that it was very necessary, j
and take the other side? :
Mr. BOCOCK. If any such thing happened, j
I do not know anything in the world about it, and j
have not looked to such considerations. 1 have I
looked solely to public and not to private consul- j
erations.
Mr. MORGAN. As to the barracks, there is 1
no earthly necessity for them. They do not even ■
propose building them now
Mr. BOCOCK. At the first session of the last I
Congress $80,000 was appropriated to commence i
the erection of the barracks.
Mr. MORGAN. The time has expired, and .
that money has gone back into the Treasury. f
Mr. GJIOW. I desire to inquire, if this is not -
the proposition which has been twice rejected by :
the House ?
Mr. BOCOCK. Of course; it has been rejected
orit would not be the subject of contioversy here.
The committee was only called to act upon those
subjects that the two Houses disagreed upon.
Mr. MORGAN. This was defeated in the !
House by two overwhelming votes.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not recollect the votes
I wish further to say, in relation to this matter— ,
for it seems to be the only bone of contention— ;
that it was represented to the committee that, \
in order to complete this filling in, it will be ne- '
cessary to obtain earth, and that that can be ob- ,
tained now very conveniently and at a moderate I
price. Contracts for completing this filling in ,
have already been advertised for. The last con- ,
tracts were m^de, I believe, atfifteen cenis a yard.
It is believed that, under the advertisements al-
ready issued, very great bargains can bo pi ocured
by the Government in relation to this filling in.
If that is not done, and the earth now convenient
and accessible for the purpose of completing this ■
filling in should be applied, as it probably will in
a short tune, to other purposes, then u couid not i
be done in a year or two hence, except at a greatly ,
enhanced price. - i
Mr. MORGAN. I have no idea that this thing :
will spoil. They are digging cellars all around :
the neighborhood, and I presume, if permitted, it '
would be filled in for nothing. I
Mr. BOCOCK. No such representation was j
made to us. i
Mr. KELLY.' I will say a word on this mat - j
ter, with the permission of the gentleman from j
Virginia. The Government owns the land be- ,
tween the navy-yard and the marine hospital. It !
is now all, or nearly all, a swamp. A part has '
been filled in, and filled in, I believe, for the very ;
small price of sixteen cents a yard. As the prop- <
erty now stands, it cannot be of any use to the j
GoVernment. Even if the Government desires '
to sell, it would be a sound economy and prudent *
foresight to first fill it m. It would then command ;
a large price. It extends for a long way along ;
what is called the Waliabouc, and u showsdcom-
plete water front. If the Government fiihd it in
at the rate contracted for before, they might yell
lots there for large sums, which are now of no
earthly use to anybody. Until it js filled in the
marine barracks ordered by Congress canfiot be
built; and the marines at that yard aie now quar-
> tercd in sheds. They are small, jnd not at ail
; tenable for the purpose for which they have been
temporarily put up. 1 hope, theivfme, that this
appropriation will be concurred m. 1 am con-
' vmced that it is needed, and need<-d now.
coliea-;
Mr. CLEMENS. I und
to say that it could be done
yard. How many yards does
own theie '
Mi. KELLY They own about one hundred
and sixty acres of land -a complete swamp,
of no earthly use unless it is filled m.
ouu my
ror cunts a
the Government
:d
Mr. CLEMENS. You propogei to app^ofJiriata'
$60,000 to reclaim a swamp. '
Mr. KELLY. It is provided that onlyenoiigli
shall be reclaimed to answer the purposes of the
marine barracks building.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker——
Mr. BOCOCK. I cannot yield any further.
The next amendment is this: the Senate made
an amendment in these words:
Jlnd he it further cnadah That from and after the 1st of
July, 18f)6, fhe clerks, mes-jpnsprs, and watchmen nt the
navv-yard and marine barraelw, at Washington, shall he
entitled to lecoive the compensation authorized by the acis
of April 22. 185 i. and August o, 1854, for the payment of
saeli sum as may be nece.^aiy, and the same is hereby ap-
propriated out oi any money m the Treasury not otherwise
appmpiidtf'd.
J will briefly call the attention of the House to,
the acts alluded to. In the act of April 22,1854*
was this provision:
'•To the clerk? employed at the navy-yard and marine
barrack*, af Washington, &e., shall be paid an increase of
twenty per cent "
It was supposed that that was a permanent in-
crease of pay; but it was afterwards decided not
to be one, so far as the clerks in the Depart-
| ments were concerned. Subsequently an act was
passed making it permanent m respect to thera.
The act, however, was not extended to the clerks
at (he rmvy-yaid. The Senate put m a provision
making thisa permanent increase for those clerks,
and extending it back to the time when it was de-
cided by the officers of the Government that they
were not entitled to it. The House rejected the
amendment. The managers of the conference or*
the part of the House objected to giving thispro-
vision a letroactive effect; but we thought the in-
crease was right, and agreed to allow it for the
future. There are only nine clerks; one class gets
*,800, and the other $1,000, and by the operation
of this provision they will be advanced to $1,000
and $1,200, while the lowest class of clerks in the
Departments get $1,200, and the highest $1,800.
We srriice out of the Senate amendment the words
" 1st day of July, 1856," and insert "from and
after the passage of this act."
The next is, that the Senate do agree to the
amendment of the House to the fourteenth amend-
ment. That amendment was striking ouffive,"
in the number of ships, and inserting44 ten." The
Senate agieed to our provision on that subject, I j
now call for the previous question.
Mr. MORGAN. This is one of the greatest
bills of abominations we have yet had; and I
move to lay it upon the table, and on that I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Is not that a de-
feat of the Navy appropriation bill?
The SPEAKER, k is a defeat of the bill, if
it be laid upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Let us take
the yeas and nays on adopting the conference
report.
Mr. MORGAN. I will withdraw my motion?
and call for the yeas and nays on the adoption of
the report.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided ill
the negative—yeas 67, nays 74; as follows:
; YEArf Mows. Ahl, Arnold. Avery> Baiksdale, Bocoek,
I Bowie. Bovce. Bijan, Burnett, Cavanaugh, Chapman,
- John B. Clark. Clay, John Cochrane, Comms, Cox, Craw-
! f(>;(i, Cuii \. Uavis of J ndia" a, Davis of Mississippi, Dim-
' lu-ck, l)o\vdWI, Florence, Foley, Fo>tor, Gilhs, Groesbeck,
1 Hopkins*. Houston. Htiylet. Jackson, Jewett. J. Glancy
i JUweii Jon«*b. Keitt, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunkel, La-
i mat, L.u>d\, f.xv. Mt Iiibbm, Millr-on. Fieemau H.
1 M.)!«.<>. Nihl?ek Pendleton, Peyton, Phillips, duitman,
• Ueilh. Ivutfni. t'u.-sed, Siihdidge, Bavage, scales, tieott,
i Hen\ M Sii.uv. fc-iailworth. Stevenson. James A.
'< S:<-\wrr, T;>!b<n, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Ward,
: Wi'iU i'-v, Win-low. and VYoitendyke—67.
, V?i—.Mef-is. Abbott. Andrevv>. Atkins*. Bennett, Bil-
; h!!"thuct. fji'inimm. l>le->; Hiayton, Buihuion, IBurlmgame,
; f-i'k.e. Chaib-i - fforaod Ciail:. dawson. Clemens,
1 Cobb. Clink B f'nejirane, Coli i\. Covodo, Crugm. James
! Cmut. Cum-, lm\ i^ oe .mi'iuaml. ihwves. Dean. Ounce,
! F< moil, G.-K'h. Goodwin, Gianjier, Grow, Thomas
1 L H i.si-, iioaui. Uoitoit. G iorge W. Jones, Ke!tO <£,
j Kaapp. JohaC. Kunke), Leuer, Lewter, Lovejoy, Huin-
