1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1955
question; and before proceeding to the main sub-
ject, I desire to notice a few objections to this ap-
plication of the people of Minnesota made by the
gentleman from Virginia who has just token his
seat, [Mr. Garnett.] He said that Virginia j
ceded the Northwest Territory with the condi- ;
tion that but five States were to be carved out of j
it. That is true; and but five States have been !
made; and where, then, is the violation of the I
agreement? A small portion of the territory in- j
eluded in Minnesota was included in the grant s
from Virginia; but that is no violation of the agree- ;
ment, for the reason that Minnesota contains an j
area of ninety thousand square miles, being larger j
in area than any State in the Union—one third j
larger than the State of Virginia. How is it a J
violation of the stipulation in the grant of Vir- 1
ginia that a small strip of territory not included 1
m the five States its added to other territory large >
enough of itself to make a great State? But if it j
were, the complaint comes with a bad grace from ;
that side of the House. Your fathers and our
fathers made a compact in 1820, by which the
Louisiana purchase, west of the then limits of
Missouri and north of 360 30' was dedicated for-
ever to freedom; but afterwards you took the
Platte counties, now the seven western counties
of Missouri, the richest and noblest portion of
that State, from under the operation of that ordi-
nance, and dedicated it to slavery. Your fathers
did that, and you have justified the act.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether he did not help, by his vote for
the Crittenden-Montgomery amendment, to ded-
icate that country to slavery, provided the people
should so vote?
Mr. GROW. What country ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. The country north of 36°
30' included in the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. GROW. I will answer that question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the Kansas controversy is for the present ended,
[laughter;] and that this debate is not, therefore, 1
relevant. j
Mr. GROW. That is rather a hard ruling, for |
it deprives me of an opportunity of answering j
the question; but I submit to the decision of the ,
Chair. :
Mr. CRAWFORD. I hope the Speaker had 110 1
allusion to me; for I did not bring the subject up.
Mr. GROW. I have answered the objection
made by the gentleman from Virginia, that we
have not kept faith with the agreement made with i
his fathers. I shall have some other opportunity
to answer the question of the gentleman from '
Georgia, for, although you say Kansas is dead, !
and banished from this Hail, it will come back to J
haunt you, as did the ghost the murderer in the >
play. It will be here again ere long; and then it j
will be in order to answer the gentleman's ques- i
tion.
I proceed now to answer another objection ;
raised by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Gar- !
nett.] He says he is opposed to the Minnesota ;
constitution, because it allows men of mixed blood j
to vote in the elections m the State. The gen- ;
tleman from Virginia voted the other day to per- :
rmt Indians in the Territory of Kansas, who had
adopted the habits of white men, to vote. The j
laws existing in Kansas in October last in refer- ;
ence to the qualifications of voters, which were '
adopted as establishing the qualifications of voters
under what is called the English amendment, and
for which the gentleman from Virginia voted,
allow Indians, who have adopted the habits of |
white men, to vote. It comes, therefore, with a
bad grace from the gentleman from Virginia to ,
object now to a similar provision in the Minne-!
sola constitution. ;
Mr. TRIPPE. Does not that relate to Indians j
who have been made citizens by treaty?
Mr. GROW. No, sir; the law is unlimited and
people of Minnesota have formed a constitution
and fixed the qualifications of voters to please
themselves, to object to this feature in that instru-
ment. Whilst the Territory is in a territorial con-
dition, Congress has control over the qualifications
of voters; and it is its duty to correct and prevent
abuses of the elective franchise therein; but, when
the people form a State, they have a right to fix
the qualifications of voters within the limits of
that State, and to allow those to vote whom they
please. In our case, we made appeals in behalf
of right and justice, where we had the power to
act; in your case, you propose to trample down
State rights to correct an abuse you complain of.
Mr. Speaker, my notions of territorial govern-
ments are, that, at the earliest practicable period at
which the people of a Territory can change their
political relations and take upon themselves a gov-
ernment of their own, without imposing upon
themselves grievous burdens, it is the duty of this
Government to giant them a State organization.
That was the position I occupied two years ago,
in defense of the people of Kansas in changing
their government. They asked us to give them
a State government; why? Because the griev-
ances of the territorial organization were too great
to be borne. The Republicans of the House were
ready to grant their request, and allow them to
take the government upon themselves and man-
age their own affairs in their own way. In 1849
the Territory of Minnesota was organized. After
nine years she presents herself before the country
as a State, unrivaled in the rapidity of her growth
and the enterprise of her citizens, with alt the in-
ternal resources of a great empire, with ninety
thousand square miles of territory, and with a
I population, according to the different estimates of
' different persons, of from one hundred and fifty
to two hundred and fifty thousand. Within this
short period has this State sprung up in the wil-
derness upon the fountains of the "Father of
Waters," and presents herself to-day, with this
vast population and these great resources, and
seeks admission into the Confederacy.
Now, what is the objection? She has popula-
tion enough, so that no grievous burdens will be
imposed upon her people in assuming the duties
and responsibilities and the taxation incident to
a State organization, and that is the only consid-
eration that would ever weigh with me in determ-
ining the time when a Territory should change
Us condition. Whenever its population is numer-
ous enough, and possesses wea th and resources
sufficient to support a government without im-
posing excessive burdens upon its people, they
are then entitled, by all the maxims of our system
of government, and the teachings of our fathers,
to govern themselves. This idea of requiring an
abstract number of population in a Territory as
a condition of admission, is an absurdity, in view
j of the rights of self-government which belong to
j freemen. Whilst the Territories remain in a ter-
| ritonal condition they must be under the super-
| vision of Congress; otherwise you abandon your
| control over your Territories. Congress must have
j supervision over the acts of their territorial gov-
| emment, and the manner in which their policy
' shall be administered. When the time corner,
: however, for a change into States, they throw off
j their subjection to the central power.
i I do not agree with my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Sufumw,] with whom I agree upon most sub-
1 jects, that much weight ought to be attached to
the preliminary steps in forming a constitution. I
1 care not whether there be one or a thousand del-
1 egates engaged m formingaState constitution for
I a people, and sending it here for our approval. It
is in the nature of a petition to you, asking you to
grant their prayer. When there has been a pop-
ular vote on the constitution it embodies the peo-
ple's will; and I care not who form it, or by what
forms it was made. If it embodies the will of the
people it has my sanction, unless there are pro-
visions in it in violation of the Constitution of the
unrestricted. Any Indian who has adopted the !
habits of the white man, may vote in the Terri-
tory of Kansas, under the laws which existed in
October last, and which the gentleman voted to
fix as the qualification of voters under the English
bill. Pot* two years the people of Kansas called
upon you to relieve them from the wrongs and
outrages heaped upon them by imported voters,;
and suborned Indians, who voted them down at fj _ w
the ballot-box; but you turned a deaf ear to all i j tors it whether it was formed by one man, or by
their appeals; and it comes now with a bad grace a thousand? If the people have ratified it at the
from gentlemen upon the other side, when the >' ballot-box, and put the seal of their approval upon
United States, or repugnant to the spirit and ge-
nius of our institutions. The will of the people
embodied m their constitution is the supreme law;
and when we are satisfied that the constitution
docs embody their will, what matters it whether
it was formed by men elected in accordance with
law, or by men elected against law? What mat-
it, if you have got their will fairly embodied, that
is sufficient.
In the case of Minnesota, her people have thus
passed upon her constitution. I agree, however^
with the gentleman from Ohio, that the proc^ed^
ings of the two conventions were entirely irregu-
lar. I was in Minnesota at their organization;
and I think that the delegates who found them-
selves in a minority behaved as badly as freeman
who ought to respect the rights of their fellow-
men could behave, in bolting from the regular
convention,and creating all the confusion and dis-
turbance of a double-headed convention. The
proceedings were certainly irregular, so far as legal
forms are concerned; and if I agreed with gentle-
men upon the other side, who hold that they can
know nothing of the proceedings of the people of
this Government, in any of its branches, except
that which comes to them in the forms of law, I
would resist the admission of Minnesota until she
had complied with her enabling act. -But I care
nothing about that. Minnesota, by her popular
voice, has fixed her organic law at the ballot-box.
Now, there are some provisions in this consti-
tution which raise doubts in my mind whether
Congress should admit the State. It fixes no limit
to the term of existence of the present Legisla-
ture. The question arises in my mind, whether
that government can be republican in which no
limit is fixed to the term of service of its rulers.
What are these life-institutions? If the govern-
ment be republican which allows life-officers in
all of its departments, cannot they adopt, like
Louis Napoleon, the plan of having one election,
and have the people say by that election that one
person, and his posterity, shall be rulers for all
time ?
I have a single remark to make in answer to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Jenkins,] and
then I will leave this question. He said that it was
a little singular that a Topekaite should oppose
the admission of Minnesota because of irregular-
ity in their proceedings, when we advocated To-
peka, which was a rebellion. The gentleman's
remark only shows his ignorance of the history
of the two cases. The Topekaites, as the gentle-
man calls them, from the first to the present time,
never proposed to supplant the territorial govern-
ment without the approval of Congress. Such an
intention is not in the record. I summon to the
stand Governor Wilson Shannon, one of your
own appointees, to prove that that was not their
design. The free-State men of Kansas never,from
the day the Territory was organized to this hour,
proposed to subveit the territorial organization
established by Congress, without the approval of
Congress. Minnesota has already subverted your
territorial organization, and her State Legislature
are now making laws for that people—not under
an act of Congress, but under the constitution
which she sends here. Where is the President,
with his Federal Army, to send to Minnesota to
disperse that State Legislature, as he sent it to
Kansas and dispersed her peaceable citizens, as-
sembled to petition Congress for a redress of
grievances?
I lead from a dispatch from Wilson Shannon
to William L. Marcy, Secretary of State, dated
April 11, 1856. He says that that body, referring
to the Topeka Legislature—
'•'met on the 4th of March last, and adjourned to meet
aiain in July next, after a session of about ten days. The
legislative action of tins body was mainly prospective m jts
character,"and look-; fonvard to the admission of Kansas
into the (Jtuon a-? a State, or to future Iczislationbeioxn their
enactments are to be entorced as law.5"'
That, sir, was the character of the free-State
Legislature in Kansas. They were resisting a
despotic and cruel usurpation of all their legisla-
tive powers. They organized and petitioned you
to relieve them from the grievances under which
they suffered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. The gentleman is discussing Kansas
affairs, when the bill is for the admission of Min-
nesota.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has only re-
ferred to Kansas incidentally.
Mr. GROW. I am only replying to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Jenkins,] and show-
ing that there is no inconsistency of action where
he imagines an inconsistency to exist. The free-
State men in Kansas did not, and neverintend to,
supplant the territorial organization without the
consent of Congress. They have never resisted
