1956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
a law of this Government from the 4th of March,
1855, down to this very hour.
' Mr. JENKINS. The gentleman has constantly-
referred to my remarks. I ask him whether his
party never opposed the action of the Kansas
Territorial Legislature?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
would be giving a wide latitude to this debate, to
go into these matters.
Mr. GROW. I hope the Chair will not inter-
pose here. The gentleman asks me what I said,
and surely he is entitled to the information which
he seeks. I said the free-State party in Kansas
never proposed to supplant the territorial govern-
ment established by Congress, except by the con-
sent of Congress.
• Mr. JENKINS. Has not the gentleman's party
denounced the acts of the Territorial Legislature
of Kansas as a nullity ?
Mr. GROW. Certainly we have; and we
passed a law through this House, during the last
Congress, to wipe them out of existence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must interpose
and prevent the discussion straying further from
the legitimate line.
Mr. GROW. Very well, sir; I will pursue that
point no further. Minnesota has supplanted the
territorial organization established by Congress.
Nobody denies that but the Delegate from that
Territory, who claims that that people are too loyal
to rebel. I hope that he does not speak for that
people, for I think the only reason they have not
rebelled is because the President did not send the
Federal Army there to trample their rights in the
dust, and force a despotic usurpation upon them.
I doubt not they would have rebelled if the wrongs
had been indicted upon them which have been in-
flicted upon Kansas. My good opinion of them
would be greatly lessened if they would not. For,
if ever the time shall come when any portion of
the American people will not rebel against a cruel
and tyrannical usurpation of all the powers of
their Government, they are unworthy of their an-
cestry, and would bring a blush of shame to the
check of their children. I do not believe that the
people of Minnesota are of that ehuuicter.
Minnesota has elected a Lr^islatuie under this
constitution, and has enacted laws for the Terri-
tory. What has become of the Territorial Legis-
lature? It is supplanted by this new government.
The President sent his army to Kansas to dis-
perse the members of the Topeka Legislature,
who, as Governor Shannon said, onlv pretended
to act prospectively, their acts to be subject to the
approval of Congress; yet, why does not that
same party which did that m Kansas, in order,
as was said, to put down rebellion among iis peo-
ple, send an army into Minnesota, to vindicate the
authority of the Federal Government there? I
make no complaint that the people of Minnesota
have done as they have in the meeting of their
Legislature; but why not apply the same rule to
her that you have applied to Kansas ? for, if Kan-
sas was guilty of any treason at all. it was only
prospective, while that of Minnesota is actual;
yet no army is sent against her people. While
the Legislature mity assemble at any time they
please, they cannot enact valid laws until they
nave received the sanction of Congiess, ratifying
this constitution, which supplants the tenitorial
government. Though any portion of the Amer-
ican people have a constitutional right peaceably
to assemble, at all times, and petition Congress
for a redress of their grievances, still they cannot
establish a government, without the authority of
Congr&ss, to supplant a government established
by Congress; otherwise, you would have a sole-
cism in your Government—that the power that
makes is not necessary to unmake. When Con-
gress makes a government, under the Constitu-
tion, that government is paramount to a'i others,
ond can be supplanted by no other power than
Congress itself. Therefore, to a certain extent,
the people of Minnesota have usurped the powers
of this Government. But is it for u-s to raise a
question as to that, so long as the people them-
selves do not complain r
M r. SHERM \ IN", of Ohio. I desire to call my
friend's attention to one clause of this constitution,
it provides for an flection by joint ticket wh<*m
the law requires them to elect in single districts.
Mr. GROW. That is true. There are two
points in this constitution which T think are proper
subjects for Uio consideration of Cor.grws if they
choose to exercise their power; for the exercise
of all our powers are discretionary, and we may
exercise them or not as we please. One point is
.the want of limit upon the time of holding office
by the members of her Legislature; and the other
is that which provides that members of Congress
may be elected by general ticket, when the law
of Congress requires their election by single dis-
tricts. The question arises whether we will pass
that by, and allow a general ticket to prevail over
an express law of Congress. That is why I asked
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] to
allow me to offer an amendment to the effect that
members of Congress should he elected by single
districts, for I think it is the duty of Congress to
see that their own laws at least are enforced. But
neither of these points goes to the right of the peo-
ple to ratify this constitution and send it here;
but they are addressed to the discretion of this
body, and may have weight here.
I have spoken much longer than I intended.
My object was simply to express my views upon
a few particular points touched upon by the gen-
tleman who preceded me; and I desire to repeat a
word or two lest in the confusion of the interrup-
tions to which I have been subjected I may not
have made myself fully understood. It is, that
the people of any Territory of this Union, in my
judgment, have the right at any time and at all
times, to meet and form a constitution; and that
that constitution, if ratified by a majority of the
people at a fair election, is their will, and comes
to Congress as their petition, like the petition of
; any other portion of the people, asking Congress
to grant the prayer of the petitioners. I care not,
therefore, what may be the forms which precede
it.
It is a right which belongs to the people of the
Territories, whenever they become sufficiently
numerous to support a State government of their
own, to have that form of government; and it then
becomes the duty of Congress to take off the ter-
ritorial government, and allow lh<m a govern-
ment of their own, so that they may manage
their own affairs m their own way.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maiyland, obtained the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. If th<; gentleman will give
way, I will move to adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I will yield for
that purposp.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman to with
draw that motion a moment, that 1 may move to
have this bill for the admission of Minnesota
printed.
Mr. HOWARD. I will.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the bill be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON", from the Committee on En-
rolled Hills, reported as truly enrolled, a bill
making appropriations for the current and con-
tmgent expenses of the Indian department, and
,. for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
! tribes, for the year ending June 30th, 1859; when
the Speaker signed the same.
|] military road IN NEW MEXICO.
I' Mr. OTERO, by unanimous consent, intro-
\ duced a bill to provide for the completion of the
i| military road from Fort Union to Santa Fe, in
,1' New Mexico; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
!' Affairs.
j PERSONAL EXPLANATION KANSAS.
j Mr. LAWRENCE. I wish to make a per-
, sonal explanation, and I ask the gentleman from
: Michigan to yield to me for that purpose. I will
: renew the motion.
Mr HOWARD. I will yield to thegentleman.
Mr. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
! personal explanation. In tiie Globe of Saturday
, last I find the following paragraph m the remarks
made by my colleague [Mr. Camfsell] on Fri-
day morning, on the report fiom the committee j
, of conference. Owing, no doubt, to the ii noise |
| and confusion" prevailing in the Hall, I did not j
hear the remarks at the time, and I know my col- ■
, league did not intend to do me injustice: j
] '• in addition tothat-~and I tool bound to allude to if, be- |
j cause I owe an apology (o ninety-one, so turned, Black j
il Republicans—when the bill caitie from tiie Senate, an ar- I
rangea.ent was made by members of all the old political
parties, who were anxious totalwj Oils <fuestlon foi ever from
the RaHs of Congress, to adopt, in substance, an amend-
ment which had been proposed byavonerable and patriotic
Senator from a slaveholding State, [Mr. Crittenden, of
Kentucky.] The friends of Mr. Douglas were pledged, by
those who were authorized to speak for them, as I under-
stand. upon the high pomt of personal honor, to go for that
proposition, with slight amendments agreed upon, to the
last extremity, and to the bitter end of the controversy, and
to vote for no other proposition. If I am mistaken in this
allegation, the honorable gentleman from fliinois, [Mr. Har-
ris,] the honorable gentleman from Indiana, fMr. Davis
the honorable gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Adrain,}
and others I might designate, will correct me now. Both
of my colleagues [Messrs. Cox and Lawrence] were un-
derstood to be m this arrangement."
I was in no such arrangement. Such a propo-
sition was never made to me; -and, .so far as I
know, not to any conference ofanti-Lecompton
Democrats. It was never so understood by me
that I was " to go for that proposition [the Crit-
tenden-Montgomery amendment} to the .last ex-
tremity and to the bitter end of the controversy,
and to vote for no other proposition."' Such in-
definite and wholesale pledges I never miake. I
! voted for the Montgomery amendment because I
| preferred it to the Senate bill. I voted that the
I House insist upon said amendment; and, further,
I voted against a committee of conference. Upon
j the report from that committee when" made, I was
! as free to act as my judgment might dictate, as
| though it had been a proposition ab initio.
j While on the floor, I will further say that. I
never definitely made up my mind to vote for or
against the conference report until Wednesday
night last, and then in the quiet retirement of my
own house, surrounded alone by my family. All
intimations from any quarter prior to that time,,
regarding my voteupo« said report, were prema-
ture and unauthorized by me.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not hear everything
that my colleague said or read. I certainly had
no purpose to misrepresent either of my col-
leagues, or to place them, or any other member,
m a false position. I did say, and 1 repeat, that
it was understood that both of my colleagues,
with tie other members of this House known as
anti-Lccompton Democrats, did agree with those
known as South Americans and Republicans that
they never would yield, in the Kansas contro-
versy, to any proposition which did not give to
the people of that Territory the right to vote di-
rectly upon their constitution before the admis-
sion of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
allow me to say one word?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman, in
his remarks the other day, made allusion to me,
as I saw afterwards m the Globe. I did not hear
it at the time he spoke, or I should have noticed
it then. He stated that those Democrats who had
acted against the Lecompton proposition of the
Senate, had, as he understood it, made a pledge,
in which their personal honor was involved, to
stand by the Criitenden-Montgomery amendment
to the bitter end, and vote for-nothing else—go
for nothing else. Now, I was never a party to
any .such arrangement as that; but I was willing
to stand by that to the end of that. Though I
was very far from approving some of its provis-
ions, as an alternative I was willing to go for it,
and to go for it as long as it was possible for me
to support it; but I could have supported other
j propositions more agreeable to me than that.
, Whatever arrangement was made was made dur-
ing my sickness, and I took no part in it.
i Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Illi-
nois was sick at the time of the council to which
, I allude. The anti-Lecompton Democrats were
; represented by others.
i Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. In reference
1 to this discussion about pledges, I wish to say,
in regard to myself, that I never was directly or
indirectly a party to any pledge binding my ac-
, tion to the supportof anything whatever. In my
course, I have been controlled entirely by the dic-
tates of my own judgment, and by nothing else
whatever. I never did come into a pledge to the
, gentleman, or any member of his party j to sup-
port any measure whatever.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. One word further
in regard to this proposition. While I gave no
• such promise to any gentleman, or to any caucus,
• I was prepared to pledge myself to go for nothing
i that would be a departure from principle.
