1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt*
home,
ai
  I havebeen so much affected by the i
apprehension ofaMormon warasby thefactthat, 1
in order to send troops to Utah, the Government
has been compelled to withdraw them from our
fortifications and frontier defenses. If the Ad-
ministration do not take the Army of the United
States to those points where the greatest danger
exists, of course they do not discharge their duty,
which they are sworn to discharge, and which,
we must believe, they are willing and anxious to
discharge.
Mr. BELL. They have an effective force of
fifteen thousand men now.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not dis-
pute that; but I say that the War Department has
withdrawn the forces from the Indian frontier
■west of the Mississippi. Troops have been with-
drawn from stations west of Missouri, in conse-
quence of the belief of the Administration that
the danger in Utah is much greater than to be
apprehended from the Indians immediately west
of Arkansas. In the country west of my State
five forts have been abandoned. I believe there
are not ten soldiers left upon that whole frontier.
Mr. BELL. I ask my friend if he fears any-
thing there ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do.
Mr. BELL. From the Choctaws and Chero-
kees ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I apprehend
that consequences may result there which will be
of very serious import, and which may be very
expensive to this Government. I believe that the
result of the withdrawal of the troops there may
be to inflict on that region not only present evils,
but evils which will last for many years to come.
I believe this Government has hitherto guarded
against them; but those evils may now be the
consequence of the withdrawal of the troops.
Senators undoubtedly are familiar with the his-
tory of the Creeks, the Seminoles, the Chero-
kees, and the Choctaws. They are savages, bar-
barians. Remove the troops from amongst them,
and you give them an opportunity to go to war
with each other; you will have no power to com-
pel them to keep the peace, or to apprehend those
who violate the peace. Let this be known, and
discord will be the result. Habits of disobedi-
ence are easily acquired. This Government has
felt the power of these Indians. When they for-
merly occupied the States of Tennessee, Missis-
sippi, Alabama, and Georgia, they were engaged
in long-continued wars, which cost the Govern-
ment a great deal of money. No Senator is better j
aware than the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see, of the bravery, the courage, the desperation J
manifested by these Indians throughout those j
wars. These~powerful tribes have been trans- j
planted to the country west of Arkansas. You ;
have peace in the old States which they formerly ]
occupied, and you have cast these tribes on the ;
frontiers of Texas and Arkansas. They have
been for twenty-five years past kept in peace and
obedience and good order by the presence of
troops among them, and the maintenance of mil-
itary posts. The Indian governments themselves
have been sustained in some measure by your
troops; schools have been established amongst
them; and they have become in some measure
civilized. They have been partially trained to
habits of obedience; but yet it is not to be denied,
and the executive department of this Govern-
ment know, if Senators here do not, that m each
of these Indian nations there are bad men, and
not a few of them. The records of our courts
show the difficulty which has been experienced
in apprehending and subjecting to punishment
men who are still prowling about amongst these
Indians, breeding difficulties and engendering
private feuds, leading to bloodshed and to viola-
tions of the laws of the United States in many
respects.
At present there is no gneat difficulty in enfor-
cing our intercourse laws with these Indians. The
marshal is now able with a few men to go through
these nations and apprehend offenders; but even
at the present time, occasionally, prisoners who
are apprehended are rescued by force, and battles
take place among the Indians in which men are
injured and the law set at defiance. Heretofore,
however, in consequence of the system of this
Government in keeping up forts, and having an
armed force close by, the damage has never been
great, the wrong has never been extensive, but it
has been early righted, and penalty has been early
imposed.
All these Indians, having some twenty-five
thousand warriors, are located west of my State;
and immediately beyond them are the genuine
wild savage tribes, who live by incursions on the
more peaceful Indians, and by every species of
predatory warfare, and particularly by robberies
committed upon white men wherever they may
find them, ind especially emigrants crossing the
continent. They have been partly restrained and
kept back heretofore by our troops; but the Gov-
ernment has been compelled to withdraw them,
and in that region, occupying many thousands
of miles, I believe the Government has now only
a hundred men, and they are stationed at Port
Belknap, in Texas. We established an Indian
agency some two or three years ago in that region,
and sent an agent there; buthe cannot live among
them; he cannot stay there with any safety; he
must lose his life if he remains there, unless the
troops of the United States are near by.
That being the state of the case, what is to be
the consequence of the withdrawal of these troops ?
Suppose a war should once be commenced with
these Indians, what is to be the cost of it ? It will
undoubtedly be very great—much greater than
the expense of affording proper protection to your
citizens. We have a right to claim that this Gov-
ernment shall give us on that frontier the security
which they have disturbed by putting those In-
dians there. Certainly gentlemen will not deny
that if this Government is compelled by its con-
victions of duty to take away the troops located
there and send them to Utah, it ought to put others
in their place, if they can be obtained by this bill.
1 do not believe there is any doubt that the troops
which may be raised under this bill will be placed
on that frontier.
I have referred to the frontier of the State of ,
Arkansas because I am more familiar with that; ;
but I know that our frontier forts and defenses j
generally are abandoned. My object in rising,
was to present to the Senate the necessity for an
increase of the military force, in order to furnish
men to replacethose who have been taken away
from the defenses of our frontiers. 1 will say to
Senators now, that petitions and remonstrances
are constantly transmitted to us here and to the
Department against the removal of the military j
force on that frontier. _ |
Mr. BELL. I will ask my friend whether, if |
there was any appearance of difficulty with the j
Creeks, Cherokees, or Choctaws, it is possible [
anything could take place before the Government j
would have time to call out the militia? j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. At present, the ]
intercourse laws are respected, and they are but i
seldom violated, comparatively speaking; but :
whilst I am now addressing the Senate, I have 110
doubt that men are carrying whisky into the In-
dian territory contrary to the laws of the United
States, and to the disturbance and destruction of
the peace of those Indians and the security of the
whites. They are carrying whisky and other
forbidden articles into the Indian nation, and there
is no efficient means to arrest them. The officers of
the courts can do nothing unless they are support-
ed, and you have taken away the troops on which
they have heretofore relied for support.
One of the main objects that has dictated the
establishment of forts in the Indian country , has
been to preserve peace within their own nations;
to enable the arm of the law to be rigidly and ef-
fectively enforced. Their governments are but
weak. They are not very well organized and they
need support; the Choctaws I believe are the best;
and I tlunk it is unjust to them to leave no troops
there.
After we have been attempting to establish the
habit of obedience on their part to the laws of
the United States, by a long course of care and
guardianship, which has been effected mainly
through the Army of the United States, I do not
think it is wise or just for us now to throw away
at once what it h&Sitaken twenty-five or thirty
years to establish. I am satisfied that we ought
to have troops on the frontier, and I am free to say
further that if the Senate conclude to give us vol-
unteers in place of regulars, it will be an error.
The volunteers will not answer our purpose. If
you place volunteers on that frontier now, all they
will have to do will be to occupy the forts, and then
their duty becomes nothing more than the routine
duty of an ordinary soldier. They will not stand-
it. They are an irregular class of men at best.
They are inclined under such circumstancesto a
good deal of dissipation and wildness. They are
not trained; and if you transmit even a detach-
ment of them to aid the orlicers of the law, they
will almostinvariably commit some violence which
will lead to consequences far from good, and some-
times to the saddest and most unfortunate conse-
quences. I do not believe volunteers to be the
proper force to accomplish an object of-this kind.
This is not the kind of service which I would have
them do. . ' -
It is said that there will be a difficulty in raising
these troops in time to do any good in Utah. That
may be a very good reason for voting against the
bill, on the part of those gentlemen who believe
there can be no other object in view than the
transmission to Utah of the troops which may
now be raised by act of Congress; and if I thought
there was no other object, I should not care if the
entire bill failed. But, sir, in my judgment the
objects are other and widely different. I know
that our frontiers are not protected. I know that
the peace and good order which have heretofore
existed there are liable to be broken up, and I
know that when once broken up, it will be most
difficult to reestablish them.
I do not think the three additional regiments
now asked for ought to be denied. I have no idea
that there is any real, well-founded apprehension
to be entertained of standing armies in the United
States, particularly when they are limited to so
small a number as our present Army, even with
the addition of the little increase we now propose
to make, if it were to become permanent. 1 hardly
think that gentlemen here can possibly have any
serious appiehension on such a ground. I am ,
satisfied that the Administration is not wrong in
recommending even a permanent increase of jthe
Army by the addition of four or five regiments.
I sincerely believe they are necessary. Certainly
we ought not to abandon all the good we have
done among the Indians. We ought not to ignore
the fact that the Government, in the discharge of
its duty, endangers the peace by taking away the
troops from our frontiers. I say to the Senate
now, that so far as the frontier of Arkansas is
concerned, I know the troops have been with-
drawn. Only a few days ago I saw in the news-
papers, under such circumstances that I could not
doubt its correctness, a statement of an incursion
made by Indians upon the territory of Texas,
when five men were killed, and the settlements
were driven into the forts. The capital was com-
municated with at once, and the Legislature of
Texas appropriated as much as §75,000 to raise
volunteers to repel those incursions. Texas will
not sit still and see her borders thus ravaged, and
make no effort to protect them. Texas will ap-
propriate the money needful; and the same thing
will take place in Arkansas, if it shall become
necessary to protect our frontier. Who is to pay
them ? The Government of the United States
must refund to Texas the amount she thus ex-
pends, because it is the duty of the Government
of the United States to protect her, and place am-
ple means there for that purpose. Is it better for
the Government to undertake the expense in which
it may thus be involved, or to station the requi-
site number of men to insure protection to the
frontier? I know now, as I have said, of only
about a hundred men stationed on that whole fron-
tier, and they are at a single fort. That is not the
only frontier that has been deserted. Troops are'
withdrawn m every direction. I believe the fron-
tiers of California, and Oregon and Washington
Territories, are in as bad a condition, or indeed
in a worse condition, than the borders of the States
immediately west of the Mississippi, and in a
worse condition even than Texas.
Upon these grounds I shall support this bill;
and I think the opposition to it can scarcely be
considered proper.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. President, the debate on this
subject is about to close, I presume, and all, or
very nearly all, the arguments, pro and con., must
have been adduced. I have listened to the debate,
knowing very little about military matters, with
a sincere wish, from motives of economy, to be
convinced that there is no necessity for placing
at the disposal of the Executive an increase of
our land forces. Thus far that wish has not been
gratified; and there is yet one view of the subject
