87£
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
X have expected would be presented, to which no
allusion, or but a slight one, has been made.
.The discussion thus far, relative to the neces-
sity and object of the Army increase asked for,
has been limited to a domestic view of the mat-
ter; it has been limited to our domestic relations,
our relations to each other, and to the Indiana
within our borders. All, or nearly all, essential to
this vi^v, has been said, and in my estimation
well said, by those favoring the measure; and if I
were disposed to look not beyond the reasons
within ourselves, I should vote for the increase
in some shape. Our difficulty with Utah is an ex-
isting fact; itis one before us—a difficulty which
those who have charge of the executive depart-
ment of our Government deem one of such serious
character as to require more troops than have yet
gone to that Territory to bring it to an honorable
adjustment.
There is another difficulty which, if not pres-
ent, is as much a fact, in my estimation, pros-
pectively, as the existing one in Utah. That
difficulty is one to occur nex-t summer with our
western Indians. It is known that Mormon emis-
saries, red and white, have been among those In-
dians. They have, within three or four weeks,
been as far east as the Dacotah territory. They
have been seeking to "smoke" that powerful
tribe, the Sioux, into an alliance with them, and
induce them to lift the tomahawk against us next
spring. This is the case throughout our western,
and especially our northwestern tribes. Efforts
are making to induce them, if not to combined, to
simultaneous hostilities against our people. We
cannot, it is manifest from the Indian character,
know what the succe.ss of these efforts will be,
until the moment for action arrives. If they de-
termine to strike, the first intimation we will have
of their determination will be the blow.
But, sir, as I have already said, there is another
aspect of this subject—one more comprehensive,
one not looking simply to the enforcement of some
domestic law, however important that may be;
not looking simply to the prevention or suppres-
sion of some local riot, to the punishment of some
local rebellion, or the protection of some frontier
settlement; yet a view intimately connected with
the honor and prosperity of our country, and in-
deed with the interests of our people. I have
no respect for the " manifest-destiny" doctrine,
which has been but a pretense for armed forays
from our country into the territories of other na-
tions, with whom we are at peace. But if there
is any one tradition of our people more cherished
than another, it is that we are to become Ameri-
cans in the most enlarged sense of the term; that
this entire continent is to be, if not under one
Government, and that Government our own, yet
controlled in a measure by our enterprise and our
institutions; that it is to be united to us by a com-
munity of interest and feeling, and a common op-
f osition to European interference with our affaiis.
f there is any one policy of our Government more
firmly fixed than another, relative to other nations,
it is that while we will not create causes of quar-
rel with neighboring nations, neither will we per-
mit difficulties within themselves, or between
them and European Powers, to resultin the trans-
fer of their territory to any Government inimical
to ours, or to the interest of our people.
This policy is not a mere selfish desire to en-
large our boundaries, and by adding new fields of
enterprise to add to our individual and national
wealth. It is, in my estimation, a wise policy
of self-preservation. We cannot forget, and we
ought not to forget, that we are m a position of
political antagonism to most of the world. It is
true, there are other nations on this hemisphere?
who are seeking to imitate the example of our
institutions; but the often recurring struggles
within themselves, between freedom on the one
part, and centralization or arbitrary power upon
the other, results as frequently in the triumph of
the latter as of the former; and wherever that
power exists, and under whatever shape it ex-
ists, our progress under our institutions is watched
by it with a jealous eye.
Should we not be equally watchful and equally
jealous of its approach to us ? Events are at this
moment transpiring, and others rapidly approach-
ing, having a direct bearing on this policy. Since
our war with Mexico, during which Santa Anna
was our most active and inveterate foe, that coun-
try has been gradually approximating anarchy.
The last step in its downward progress is about
to be taken. It must either very goon crumble to
pieces, and a considerable portion of it, like over-
ripe fruit, fall into our hands, if we are prepared
to avail ourselves of the opportunity to receive it,
or its government must undergo a radical change,
and, under new auspices, become a more power-
ful and a more permanent one, although that
change may make it anything.but desirable to us
as a neighbor. It has recently banished one Pres-
ident, and has now at least two, with divided au-
thority. Pronunciamientos are put forth on all
sides, each one adverse to all others; each backed
by a body of armed men. Santa Anna is in the
distance, ready to combine and direct these armed
movements for the overthrow of the power of any
other man, with the purpose of reestablishing his
own.
And Spain evinces no unwillingness to invade
that country. For what purpose ? Tho declared
object is to collect a debt, or receive satisfaction for
some affront. Neither of those objects can be at-
tained, as any person acquainted with the present
and past condition of Mexico knows, while such
a condition continues. The invasion by Spain,
therefore, must contemplate possession of the
country, either by placing Santa Anna in power,
and ruling Mexico through him, or by creating a
monarchy and putting one of its own royal family
on the throne.
Under these circumstances, may not the future
of Mpxico attract our most earnest attention ? If
Santa Anna is again to become its ruler, with or
without the aid of Spain, he can overcome the
northern States of that Republic, and force them
into submission to a central government, from
which they are at this moment evincing a dispo-
sition to separate, and form an independentNorth
Mexican Republic. His power would then be
brought in direct proximity to our territory. Is
this a desirable result? If he is to be established
again at the head of the Mexican nation, and pos-
sesses any active power for aggression, we can-
not expect a long continued peace with him; and
I do not know that we should desire it. He deems
us his natural enemy. He has many disasters,
from San Jacinto to his hasty and narrow escape
from General .Lane, to avenge against us. Even
if he lias no powers for active aggression, if placed
in position by Spain, he will have power to main-
tain himself in a position toward us of jealousy,
antagonism, and non-intercourse. And if a mon-
archy is to be established, we know too well the
jealousy upon the part of such Governments to-
ward our own; and we know too well their mu-
tual sympathy and mutual aid against a free peo-
ple, or a people aspiring to freedom, to expect any
long peace with one in our immediate neighbor-
hood, or to expect any future contest between us
and monarchial Mexico will be long confined to
us and that country. We would soon find our-
selves engaged with more or less of monarchical
Europe, and Mexico be but the avenue through
which its armies would reach us.
I have said that tlie northern States of the Mex-
ican Republic are evincing a disposition to create
anindependentNorth Mexican Republic. Averse
as they manifest themselves to being brought un-
der the control of Central Mexico, and desirous
of establishing an independent Republic, inter-
posed between us and that center, will it be sound
policy on our part to permit them to be coerced
into submission to that central Power? If inde-
pendent of Central Mexico, they will become de-
pendent upon us, and almost entirely dependent
upon us for the men and munitions to maintain
themselves in a condition of independence from
that Power.
Let us look beyond Mexico to another country,
which prospective events are very likely to con-
nect with it. It is said that Cuba, as we know
from its geographical position, and from its own-
ership, must be the case, is about to be the point
from which armed expeditions will start for the
invasion of Mexican territory contiguous to ours,
the freedom of which is essMtial to our freedom.
If this be the ease, it may well become a question
of grave debate for us whether some expedition
other than a filibustering one shall not visit that
island from our shores. I am opposed to individ-
ual filibustering. I desire its prevention, its sup-
pression, its punishment; and would, if necessary,
give the Executive greater powers than he now
possesess for this purpose; but if the Government,
when a good reason for it exists, and an occasion
offers, will undertake some filibustering on na-
tional account, I will cheerfully vote the call for
volunteers and the necessary supplies for the en- •
terprise. The purchase or annexation of any por-
tion of Mexico I should not deem desirable, with a'
condition that every class of its multi-colored pop-
illation should become our fellow-citizens. We '
can cheerfully welcome its intelligent white pop-
ulation, but not its colored masses of ignorance
and depravity. Yet it may be desirable to prevent*
these masses from being used by some other
Power as an instrument against us, and to our in-
jury. If, to prevent such use, we find it neces-
sary to take possession of any portion of the Mex-
ican territory, we should segregate its Indian and-
negro population, as we have our Indians.
How other than by an increase of our regular
Army are the difficulties from passing and pros-
pective-events, to which I have alluded, to be met
and overcome ? If to be met and overcome only
by bodies of armed men, we have them not now in
an organized form for that, and scarcely for any
other purpose. Our Government cannot now, nor
within six months, nor within a year, remove from
positions where danger or necessity has placed-
them, to concentrate on our southwestern frontier
a solitary brigade of our Army, however neces-
sary such a movement might become. Then let
us increase the skeleton of that Army—I am not
particular as to the form of increase—let us in-
crease the skeleton, leaving to the martial spirit
of our countrymen to fill it up on call.
I would favor no such increase as could make
that Army, in the ordinary signification of the
word, a standing army. We do not desire it. An
increase to any such extent I should oppose and
regret. But we can, at least, so increase the-
skeleton as to make it a nucleus around which our
volunteers, if the necessity for calling them into
the field exists, can rally. If the increase, to the
fullest extent asked by any of the propositions
before us, was granted, the Army would still not
be large enough for active field operations. We
should still be dependent on volunteers whenever
such operations became necessary.
The events I have mentioned are palpable. No-
one can be ignorant of them.
We may be told that no difficulty to us can arise
from these events. Who of any sagacity would
be willing to stake his reputation on any state-
ment of that kind? That difficulty to us may not
arise from them, is quite true; but that no diffi-
culty can arise, no man dare say. When the
events are traced, not merely to their possible, but
their very probable result, the manner in which
the difficulty can occur is easily seen. Even if no
difficulty, an opportunity may be presented by
these events, for great benefit to us, if we are pre-
pared to avail ourselves of it. Shall we, then, take
our risk, run our chance of the approach and ad-
vent of the difficulty or the opportunity, finding
us unprepared ? Chance is but a poor general,
and a worse statesman. Incidents may be left to
chance; results never ! We may be told, it will
be time enough to meet the difficulty, or avail
ourselves of the opportunity, when it occurs.
When the atmosphere is calm and the sky clear,
not to prepare for a storm is only to be careless;
but when the clouds and the lightning are seen,
a want of preparation becomes folly. Like an
individual, the nation which will not prepare for
a storm when its approach is seen, merely because
of a listless hope that it will pass by, deserves,
and too often suffers, disasters. We should keep
the fact in view, that if the difficulties will not
necessarily, they very probably may, occur from
these events. We should be prepared, as the
Senator from Tennessee well said, to meet for-
eign war, not knowing what year, what month,
nor scarce what week, it may be visited upon us.
I shall favor the increase of the regular Army
in some form. Tf the*proposition was not for a
temporary, but for a permanent increase, I can
see no objection to that, to the extent to which it
is proposed to make the increase. If, at the ex-
piration of the period of service for which tins
temporary increase is asked, it is proposed to
make it permanent, I shall have no hesitation in
assenting to it. We have these difficulties pre-
sented to us—Utah, the Indians, and the proba-
ble difficulties—or, at all events, if not difficulties,
a probable opportunity to benefit ourselves—on
our southwestern frontier; and,in my estimation,
