1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1961
tended—extended beyond the previous bounties
of the Government—I shall be compelled, most
reluctantly, to vote against it, paying, as T do, at
the same time, a most heart-felt tribute to the high
character, magnanimity, and courage of Captain
Herndon.
Mr. MALLORY, I will not discuss this res-
olution, for I want it to pass; but will confine my-
self to the suggestion of the Senator from Georgia,
that it is without precedent.
The resolution, sir, is consistent with the prac-
tice of this Government for many years past, and
I will refer to but a few cases to show it. In 1817,
Congress voted six months' pay to the widows,
or the children, parents, brothers, and sisters of
the officers and crew of the United States ship
Kpervier, lost at sea. In 1830, Congress gave the
same in the case of the United States ship Hornet,
lost at sea. In 1833, Congress gave the same in
the case of the Sylph, lost at sea. In 1816, Con-
gress gave twelve months' pay in the case of the
United States ship Wasp; and in 1855, Congress
fave twelve months'pay in the case of the Albany,
n the present case we follow the principles estab-
lished by these cases, but extend the time. But
one individual, the widow of Herndon, will re-
ceive the benefit of the resolution. I forbear fur-
ther remarks, in the hope of having the vote at
once.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say a very few
words in support of this resolution. In ordinary
circumstances I should not be disposed to ^o be-
yond the precedents that have hitherto been set
by Congress in such cases; but I do consider this
case well entitled to be legarded an exception.
This i3 the case of an officer in the performance
of a public duty, in the line of duty to which he
"was ordered by the Secretary of the Navy, not
merely hazarding his life in battle, not simply
losing it by shipwreck, but deliberately sacrificing
his life for the safety of the women and children
who were committed to his charge. Under the
circumstances which attended that shipwreck, no
man who has read the details can doubt that the
gallant officer who stood upon his deck, and sent
those people that were confided to his care to a
safe refuge on board the vessel lying near, did so
with a knowledge that his life was to fall a saci i-
fice to his devotion to their safety. His conduct
on that occasion created a thrill of admiration and
gratitude in every American heart, it is not the
ordinary case of a man losing his life in battle.
There, sir, is the excitement, the desire of glory,
the loss of all sight of danger resulting: from the
combat itself, when all notions in relation to self-
preservation give way to excitement, and when
men have before them the hopes of fame, of ad-
vancement in their profession, and of leaping in
their own lives the reward of gallantry they dis-
play. This man sank into the grave, coldly,
calmly, deliberately offering up his life as a sacri-
fice to duty.
I think, sir, that it is a very uncommon case.
I believe that nothinghitherto ofthe kind has been
done. If the passage of this resolution is to be
refused, upon the ground that there has boon no
precedent, I think we shall be acting not well nor
wisely. It is a ease in which it is our duty to set
the precedent; and I hope to God, sir, that when-
ever such cases may hereafter occur, the precedent
will be followed. [ hope that what the American
Congress may do on this occasion may encourage
other men to sacrifice their lives for the preserva-
tion of those whose safety is committed to their
charge. Let us make this precedent. All the
American people will ratify our act.
I have said all that I intended to say on the sub-
ject. I do not think this a case in which we ought
to appeal to a former act.
Mr. CLAY. I must insist on taking up the
special order. ["Oh, no!" "Question!"]
Mr. SEWARD. Let us take the question.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator from New York is
going to make a speech 
Mr. SEWARD. I have but a word to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution
was taken up on motion by a vote of the Senate,
and is properly before the body.
Mr. CLAY. But it was with the understand-
ing that there should be no debate.
Mr. SEWARD. This matter was not brought
before the Senate by Mrs. Herndon, but I brought
it forward simply on the recollection of a single
incident which occurred to mymind, and that was
that the last that was known of this gallant offi-
cer, was the testimony of one of his passengers,
that when his wife and children were sent ashore
by him safe, and he took leave of Captain Hern-
don, he took from his pocket his watch, and gave
it to him, and told him to carry it to his wife.
That was the estate which he left to her.
Mr. 1YERSON. I submit to the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and I wish to
know whether there were any seamen or privates
on that vessel who were lost under the same cir-
cumstances?
Mr. MALLORY. No other that I know of.
Captain Herndon was a commander in the Navy,
and assigned to that duty under orders of the
Secretary of the Navy in conformity with law—
the only naval officer on board the ship.
Mr. POLK. I wish to ask whether the officer
thus assigned received pay for the service he ren-
dered outside of what he got as an officer of the
Navy ?
Mr. MALLORY. I cannot answer that ques-
tion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 32, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Mc^r*. Allen, Bayard, Dell, Benjamin, Bigler,
Bioilenck. Brown,Chandler, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon,
Doohttle, Douglas, Durkee, Fessenden, Pont, Poster, Gwin,
Hale, HamUn, Uarlan, Houston, Jones, Mailoiy, Ma<on,
Polk, Pugh, Sewanl, Simmons, Stuoit, Wade, and Wil-
son—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay, Green, Hunter, Iverson, John-
son of Tennessee, King, Shdell, ami Toombs—8.
So the resolution was passed.
RELATIONS WITH PARAGUAY.
Mr. BAYARD. I rise to what I believe, is a
privileged question. I desire to move a reconsid-
eration of the vote taken yesterday amending the
resolution reported from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, in reference to our difficulties with
Paraguay. I voted in the affirmative, in favor of
that amendment, but at the time was engaged in
drawing an amendment to another bill, and was
under a misapprehension, supposing that I was
voting against the amendment. I move a recon-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire the motion to be entered, or to be acted on
now ?
Mr. BAYARD. I want to enter the motion
now. I do not carc when the Senate consider it.
Mr. MASON. The resolution was laid on the
table. I suppose it ought to be taken up for the
purpose of entering the motion to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairsupposes
it will be sufficient to enter the motion to recon-
sider, without a formal taking up of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. MASON. Very well.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I beg leave to inquire
of the Chair, who has been examining the special
orders, as I learn, where, accoiding to his re-
search, is the bill concerning French spoliations?
It has been a very Ions; time a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is un-
able to state to the Senator when that special order
will be reached. There are other special orders
in advance of it, and it will depend entirely on the
action of the Senate in regard to them. It comes
up as a special order according to the date at
which it was assigned.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish the Secretary
would send me a memorandum of its place.
Mr. FESSENDEN, and others. It will be
found on the first page of the Calendar.
COMMODORE PAULDING.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first special
order is the joint resolution (S. No. 7) directing
the presentation of a medal to Commodore Hiram
Paulding.
Mi. STUART. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of that until to-morrow, in order that
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] may pro-
ceed with his remarks on the fishing bounties bill.
The motion was agreed to.
committee service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next special
order is before the Senate.
Mr. TOOMES. I ask to be discharged from
further service on the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CLAY. I would rather that that motion
would lie over, I should be inclined myself to
object to the Senator being discharged.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will be acted on now
unless the gentleman has some reason- whyth«
Senate should not consider it now. '
Mr. CLAY. I hope no other reason than that
of the public service which the Senator may ren-
der. I dislike to see him discharged from that
committee. I hope the motion will lie over until
to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. You have a right to object;
Mr. TOOMBS. I think this comes within no
rule of postponement. It is a motion which can
be considered at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule is, that
when a special order is called up, the Senate shall
then proceed to consider it unless it be postponed
by vote of the Senate. The Chair thinks it would
require general consent to entertain now the mo-
tion of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman gave way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Still it requires
general consent.
Mr. TOOMBS. It makes no difference to me
whether it be acted on now or not. I give notice
that I shall hot serve.
COD FISHERIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next special
order is the bill (S. No. 10) repealing all laws or
parts of laws allowing bounties to vessels em-
ployed in the bank or other cod fisheries, which
is now under consideration as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, under ordi-
nary circumstances, under almost any other cir-
cumstances, I should ask the indulgence of the
Senate for a postponement of this bill until a sub-
sequent day. It is a question in which the peo-
ple whom I represent are deeply interested; and
laboring, as I am, under an indisposition, I think
I mighteven now be justified in asking the Senate
to postpone the consideration of this bill to an-
other day. But, sir, I am aware that the day of
our adjournment has been determined upon, and
I am unwilling to interpose any objection of mine;
I am unwilling to ask any indulgence of the Sen-
ate which shall in any manner tend to procrasti-
nate the day of adjournment of this body. I will,
therefore, make the attempt to proceed, although
1 am deeply sensible that in what i have to sug-
gest to the Senate on this occasion, I shall hardly
be able to do the question that justice winch I
should like to do if I were in full health.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator that,
if he feels indisposed, I shall move to take up the
Military Academy appropriation bill, and go on
with that to-day, so as to give him until to-mor-
row. I will consult his pleasure.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will say to the Senator from
Virginia that I should be very glad indeed to yield
to his suggestion; and, if it meets the approbation
of the Senate, I will do so very cheeifully. I do
not wish, however, to pursue any course which
shall seem to delay the action of the Senate in any
way. If the action of the Senate can be as properly
devoted to that bill to-day, I should much prefer
to address the Senate on this question to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I move to postpone all
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill
making appropriations for the Military Academy.
Mr. CLAY. I am not willing to force the Sen-
ator from Maine to speak to-day, complaining, as
he does, of indisposition; and therefore I shall
make no opposition to the postponement; but I
trust that the Senators who advocate this bounty
will to-morrow be willing to take up the bill, and
that we shall proceed with it continuously until
we get a vote. I want it disposed of. We may,
perhaps, dispose of it to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that this and other orders be postponed,
in order to take up the Military Academy appro-
priation bill.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 62) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1859.
It proposes to make the following appropria-
tions:
For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and musicians,
