1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•$90#
the superintendency on the Red river, at^Fort
Smi'ii, with Indian settlements and Indian na-
tions intervening—attached to'-the Texas super-
intendency. It is immediately on our borders.
The Witchuas and Wacos, and other Indians
that inhabit the country where this reserve is,
embracing the Witchita mountains, have ever
been enemies of Texas for the last twenty-five
years, to my certain knowledge. They are there
yet They are intermarried with the Indians of
Texas who are upon the reserves, and are being
civilized. If intercourse is kept up with them,
and they are not under the same supeYintendency
with the Indians of Texas, we shall have no se-
curity whatever; we shall be liable, at all times,
to inroads from them as for twenty-five years past,
and as they have recently made an inroad, in con-
nection with other tribes that Ford had the bat-
tle with. I wish to bring these Indians within
the control of our agency, which is only a hun-
dred and ten miles from them, to assist them m
their intercourse with our Indians, so that they
can give to the other reserves intelligence of any
hostile movements of the Kioways and Caman- i
ches, and they will soon become, from their as- !
similated character, one people, united and in !
friendship with Texas. Howisitnow? They are '
our enemies, and have always been our enemies.
Why ? They receive their annuities from Port
Smith and other places, and they look upon us as
a separate people. They do not depredate upon
Arkansas, or upon the friendly Indians under the
Arkansas superintendency. Why? Because their
supplies come through their country, although
they are one hundred miles nearer our superin-
tendency. If you bring their supplies through
Texas, and up the Red river, and deliver them to
them in that way, they will know that they are in
connection with the people a£ Texas; they will
look upon us as friends; they will become cordial
in their feelings towards us.
There is no natural connection between these
Indians and the superintendency at Fort Smith,
two hundred and fifty miles from this tract of coun-
try; and one of them, I venture to say, has never
been there. But our superintendency is only one
hundred and ten miles from them, about three
hundred miles from Bent's Fort: and these In-
dians have constant intercourse with that. As ];
long as these Indians can come in and rob us of j:
our horses, and sell them in Kansas, the north- 1
ern "hands of the Kioways and Camanches, united j
with the Keechieus and other Indians, will pass i
down through the reserve and make their inroads
upon Texas. It is to prevent this that I wish to
have an agency created there, and attach it to the
Texas superintendency. If there had been an
agent there, subject to the supervision of the
Texas agency, what necessity would there have
bern for the recent battle of Ford with the con-
gregated Indians in that reserve?
There was an agent appointed—a clever man,
I am told; but he may be not very well suited for
an Indian agent. Fifty thousand dollars were ap-
propriated by the last Congress to be expended
for the advantage of the agency, to restrain the
Indians from outlawry or violence upon us; and
what has been the consequence ? Fie went there,
and staid three days at Fort Aibuckle, within
about forty miles of the limits of the agency, and
never went into the agency. How can these
Indians become civilized without the influence of
intelligence upon them, and without some care
and regard paid to them? That is the way we
have been treated. Oui frontier has been assailed,
our citizens slaughtered, and our property stolen;
and what is the conduct of the United States when
We wish these Indians placed in a situation
where they will be accountable to our superin-
tendency. In seeking this object I am supported
by high authority.
I am not going to be deluded in this matter, or
diverted from my purpose by any letters of the
Indian bureau or the Interior Department. I will
have justice; and if official power inflicts wrong,
i will rebel against it. Now, I propose to read a
letter from the Texas superintendent, which was
submitted to the Department as far back as March
6, 1857, in which he gives some of the reasons
evincive of the necessity of a transfer of this
agency. Major Neighbors, in this letter, speak-
ing of the country in which the Witchitas are,
says:
" That country, for a number of years, ha^ been a general
rendezvous for hoise thieves, viz: Witchitas, Keechieus,
Kickapoo*, and renegades from other tribes, who have car-
ied on a verylucrativ« trade with Indian and white traders
from the Creeks and Cherokees,and white traders from Ar-
kansas, as a laige portion of the horses stolen from Texas
have been disposed of m fht? very Territory; also the fact
that it will be absolutely necessary to concentrate the sev-
eral bands of Camanche* at one point before they can be
fully controlled The Witchitas intermarry with the Wa-
cos, &c., and there is a fnendly mteieoui&e generally be-
tween the Indians who mint be .settled on that reserve and
the Indians of Texas; arid most of the supplies for that
agency mu*t be procured, and can be purchased at a cheaper
rate, troin Texas than from any other point—that reserve
being about one hundred miles nearer to the Texan agen-
cies than to any other established agency. I would also rec-
ommend that the Camanches now settled in Texas be re-
moved to that reserve as early as praaf icable, and the pre-ent
reserve be abandoned; also. ihee>tabhshmerjt of a military
post on said reserve of sufficient strength for its protection."
This was the recommendation of the superin-
tendent. My late honorable colleague, General
Rusk, was familiarly acquainted with this region
of country. He had been there in quest of In-
dians. He knew all about their tribal character.
He knew their affinities and relationships. He
knew all about the true policy of the country in
relation to those Indians, and particularly what
was required for the protection of Texas; and
■*what did he say? MajorNeighbors'sletter, from
which I have read an extract, was submitted to
the Department, with this indorsement:
" f have examined the foregoing communication, and en-
tirely approve the recommendation it contain4-.
"THOMAS J RUSK."
That was the language of Rusk. Was there
any action taken upon his recommendation ? If
there was not, it would have been treating him
with very little respect; but it was attended to,
and Commissioner Manypenny, in his commu-
nication of the 19th March, 1857, says:
" With reference to the new reservation west of the
Chickasaws, and the s-ugges-uon made by you in relation
thereto, the opinion of the Secietary of the Interior has been
obtained, and iheie does not appear to be any objection,
but a manifest piopnety, m placing the Indians on the res-
ervation referred lo, on til') same looting, as to policy and
treatment, that prevails among the Texas Indians ; nor, for
all that now appeals, theie anv objection to the agent 111
chaise or them being put undei the dnection ofiln*Te\a*>
supeivisoiy agent. But it i- to he oh.-ei ved that, m obtain-
ing the tract of land troin the Choctaw* west of the ninety-
eighth parallel of longitude, foi the occupation and coloni-
zation of the Witchita and other Judiau-*, it was expros-->ly
undeistood by the Choetaws, Chickasaw*, and myself, that
the Indians of Texa* were not to be colonized thereon, and
good faith in this respect wiii forbid that any Texa« Indians
should be permitted, now or hereafter, to locate within the
tract leferred to.'5
That was a mistake which the Commissioner
made in respect to the treaty.
" You will, therefoie, assupervisingagent in Texas, take
care to permit no idea to obtain prevalence among the citi-
zens of that State that the Texas Indian,-- may he removd
to the i enervation. When the agent appointed under the
recent law shall have qualified, the subject will betaken
up, arid instructions issued embodying luIly the views of the
Department; but until then, no action will be had.1'
They appointed the agent more than a year ago.
we demand reclamation, though their agent was , _ .
never there to interpose his influence, or exercise He has received his salary, but has never been in
his functions in preventing depredations? They ■ ! the Indian nation. I here have been repeated fo-
e im^ht have done it ourselves; and it comes | rays, two battles uujht in the country, one
• - • • 'i against double odds, in which more Indians were
S killed in battle than ever have been killed by all the
1 regular troops, notwithstanding the $30,000,000
i that have been expended to support them in Texas,
j Sir, you want to economize, and you talk ofecon-
i omy and retrenchment in your financial system;
I repeal the bill creating the four regiments of reg-
! ulars, and you will save $5S500,000 a year. A
! friend tells me that he will make an effort to repeal
it at the next session, and I say to him, God
say w 0
at last to that with Texas. She has to do it her-
self; and you will not reimburse her the expense.
IS'nw, sir, we have a claim on the nation. Billy
Bowlegs has got on our side of the Mississippi*,
and we will cry " Billy Bowlegs," and then you
will call out the militia, and you will have to pay
them. [Laughter.] So, if Florida has lost any-
thing by Billy's emigration, we have gained. I
do not wish the nation to lose on account of Hilly,
as has heretofore been the case; but if Texas
should gam as much as Floi ida, without any acts
of en or, 1 shall have no objection. [Laughter.]
Texas wants help now.
speed his effort.
I know it is the interest of some to assail the
system of reserve Indiaus, aa conducted by the
superintending agent in Texas,after.all his labo-
rious services for years. No money has been so
wisely and profitably applied to the objects of civ-
ilization, or to the protection of the community,
as the amount of money that has been expended
for the Indian reservation there. I am willing to
rebuke that agent for what he has done out of
fashion and improperly. Sir, he has been guilty
of one heinous outrage, for which he ought to he
held amenable to the Senate. I am willing to ar-
raign and try him on it, and he will be convicted
at least of inconsistency with the present rule of
the Government, though there is nothing criminal
in what he has done; but his conduct is so rare and
so extraordinary that it even furnishes some pre-
text for the suspicion that there is criminality in it.
Eighty thousand dollars were appropriated for his
agency, and he has had the impudence to report to
the Department, that out of the §80,000 he has'an
unexpended balance of $60,000 now on hand. That
is an outrageous thing; I insist that such a thing
has not been since the establishment of the Gov-
ernment, and therefore he ought to be held re-
sponsible for setting such an example. [Laugh-
ter.] That is the only thing he has done im-
properly that I have heard of, and it is a rebuke
to so many that I'think he would not meet with
much favor.- I will now show the influence that
civilization has had upon the Indians under his
care.
I have stated that there are four hundred Indi-
ans on one reserve. They have one hundred and
fifty acres of land in cultivation there; but they
have no protection against the wild Indians. On
the Brazos reserve there are twelve hundred In-
dians, with eight hundred acres of land in cultiva-
tion. They raised last year no less than eight
thousand bushels of corn and sixteen hundred
bushels of wheat. * Does not that look like ad-
vancing civilization among Indians, that before
never had anything but a flying camp; never lived
in a hut for an hour; never took hold of an im-
plement of agriculture at all, until within the short
space of time that the Government has been exper-
imenting upon them ? Is this making no progress ?
I am satisfied that with anything like reasonable
care exercised toward the Indians, and without
any remarkable increase of expenditure, or rather
coming within the limits of what has been ex-
pended, all the Indians that have been hostile to
us can be brought down to domestication and
rendered good people, inoffensive in their charac-
ter; for so soon as you can turn them to the arts
of agriculture, peace ensues. They begin to find
that their homes with their women and children
comfortable, are better than a camp in the wilder-
ness with their women and children standing
around them. Their friends coming in from far
distant hunting grounds see their comforts, and
they will seek to change their modes of life, aban-
doning the hunter's pursuit and turning their at-
tention to the arts of civilized life. There has
not been such an advance made since the settle-
ment of this continent to the present moment,
amongst any Indian tribes, as has been made in
Texas for an inconsiderable expenditure. All
that is necessary, is to withdraw them from the
pursuit of hunting, for they have been accus-
tomed to rely on the chase for subsistence. Let
them firid that there is a more certain way of ob-
taining comfort and all the necessaries of life, and
they will abstain from war, because there is dan-
ger m it, and will give themselves up to peace.
But, sir, so long as you encourage them in war,
or pursue a policy which is calculated to divert
them from the arts of peace and encourage them
in their wandering habits, so long-you are war-
ring against humanity and interposing barriers
to civilization.
But, Mr. President, I have something else to
say in regard to the Indians. The Government
of the United States pay the Kioways and Ca-
manches to make their inroads on us, and supply
them annually with four hundred rifles. They
did it last year; they do it this year. When they
have made their inroads upon Texas, some of
their marauding parties have been killed, and
guns taken from them that were issued by the
Government at Rent's Fort. They conspire to
massacre the citizens of my State. I wish to
Heaven my voice was clear, and I would make it
ring: yes, sir, it is a conspiracy to murder our
citizens. You furnish the hostile Indians with
arms. Why ? Ah, there is the secret—why ? Not
