1962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
For pay of eight profesaora at the Military Academy,
$1fl,000.
For commutation of subsistence, $3,066.
For forage for officers' horse*, $364.
For current and ordinary expense-, is follows : repairs
and improvements, fuel, and apparatus, forage, postage,
stationery, transportation, printing, clerks, miscellaneous
and incidental expenses, and departments of instruction
$33,010.
For gradual increase and expense of library, $1,000.
For expenses of the Board of Visitors. $3,000.
For forage tor artillery and cavalry horses', $8,640.
For supplying horses for cavahy and artillery piactice,
$1,030.
For barracks for dragoon detachment, $1,500.
For barracks for amlleiy detachment. $o,500.
For purchase of a bell,"and mounting the same with the
clock en one of the public buddings, .$-150.
For repairs to officers' quarters, $500.
For models for the dcpartmeiitofcavalry, $250.
For extension of water pipes and increase of reservoir,
$"-2,500.
For targets and batteries for artillery exercise, $150.
For gas pipes and retorts, e*tensdou of cadets' new hall,
academic hall, and other public buildings, $2,500.
For stables /or dragoon and artillery horses, $2,468.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with an amendment, to strike out:
ei For pay of officers, instructors, cadets, and musicians,
$94.88fi.
For pay of eight professors at the Military Academy,
§16,00U."
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For pay of officers, instructor?, cadets, and musicians,
$ii2,80G.
Mr. HUNTER. The reason for the amend-
ment I will state very briefly. The annual esti-
mate was $112,806, as the committee propose now
to make the appropriation. This includes an ad-
dition of $240 per annum'to each of the profes-
sors, which has been accorded to them by a de-
cision of the War Department, under our bill
increasing the pay of the Army. There is a sec-
tion in that bill, passed February 21, 1857, pro-
viding that—
" Fiom and after the present fiscal year, the pay of each
commissioned officer in the Aimy, including mihtaiy store-
keepers, shall be increased twenty d<>!l;ns per mouth. ;ind
the commutation puce ot officers' subsistence shall be twen-
ty cents per jation."
The Department has, T believe uniformly, de-
cided that these professors are commissoned offi-
cers, and therefore entitled to this increase of pay.
In the House of Representatives it seemed to be
supposed that they were not commissioned offi-
cers and did not come under the law, and they
struck out this addition of $240perannum to their
salaries. The Committee on Finance recommend
that it be restored, to make it correspond with
the estimates, and correspond with the decisions
of the Department for some time past.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to ask the Senator
from Virginia, if he means to include professois
who are not officers of the Army?
Mr. HUNTER. According to the decision of
the Department all the professors at the academy
are officeis of the Army.
Mr. PUGI [. Most of them are not entered on
the Army list as officers of the Army. They are
simply employes of the Government. I think the
Department is wrong, and the House of Repre-
sentatives is right.
Mr. HUNTER. Here is a statement of the
case, which can be read, if the Senator desires to
hear it.
Mr. PUGH. I do not care about the statement.
I wish to know whether the fact is that it is pro-
posed to give this additional pay to professors
who are not officeis of the line or staiTof the Army
in the ordinary acceptation of the term ?
Mr. HUNTER. It is designed to give the pro-
fessors the additional pay, on the ground that they
are commissioned officers of the Army. They
hold commissions, and are regularly commis-
sioned as officers. Such has been the decision of
the War Department, and of the Attorney Gen-
eral. If the Senator desires it, here is a statement
of the case.
Mr. PUGII. I do not want to hear it. I am
cc rtain it is wrong. That is my opinion.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Finance Committee a question. We had
before us some time ago—two sessions ago, I
tin nk—an application to raise the pay of Professor
Janon, who was professor of the sword exercise
in the Military Academy. He was no more an offi-
cer than any one on this floor.
Mr. HUNTER. He is not included.
Mr, IVERSON. I think he is one of the pro-
fessors now. They are no more officers of the
Army than I am.
Mr. HUNTER. He does not come in under
this provision. He is master of the sword, and
gets $1,500. Only the professorsgetthis increase.
Mr. HALE. Is this question on a substitute
for the whole bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
It is a simple amendment, as the Chair under'
stands it.
Mr. HUNTER. It is an amendment to one
clause merely, giving $240 additional.
Mr. HALE. I am opposed to it. I wish to
' submit some remarks on the whole bill, but I sup-
pose it is hardly in order here.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. i^ALE. I have but very little to say; but
what I propose to say, if it has no other merit,
will be very plain. I first took a seat in the Fed-
eral Congress fifteen years ago; and one of the
first votes I gave was against any appropriations
for the Military Academy ai WestPoint. I voted
in direct obedience to the instructions of the Le-
gislature of the State of New Hampshire, which
had passed resolutions instructing her Senators,
and requesting her Representatives, to go against
all appropriations to that academy. Those in-
structions coincided with the deepest convictions
of my understanding. They have been growing
stronger everyone of the fifteen years; and if
nothing else has been effected by the histoty of
this session,! may say that these convictions have
become crystalized by the action that has taken
place here at this session. Thereare some facts
which I want to state here, and I wait the coun-
try to understand Unrnv, and they shall,so far as
what I say here will enable them to understand
them.
I take it, sir, that by the decided action of this
Government, the President and Senate, this acad-
emy is a nuis."1 nee. and useless; and 1 will tell you
why. in 1853, a class entered there, that was to
graduate in July, 1857. A large majouty of the
class stayed and graduated, some of them with
very distinguished honor, from different sections
of the country. One of them, a young man who
stood at the head of the class, was the son of a
gentleman who was a colleague of mine on the
floor of the other House. There were three
young men in that class who found it very incon-
venient work,and they finally dropped off, some
of them at the end of six months. There is a very
trying season for West Point Cadets at the end
of the first six months, and one or two dropped
off then, or were allowed to resign, and the aca-
demic board, who had the examination of them,
recommended that they be not permitted to come
back; and I think,before the year was out, their
number increased to three. These young men, who
could not go through the academy, who were
dropped and left out, occupied their time as they
pleased four years, whilst the class, consisting of
fifty orsixty, continued in the academy,and, by
hard study, and a vigorous and faithful perform-
ance of all the duties required of them, morally,
physically, and intellectually, occupying the very
highest places, finally graduated. That whole
class was, however, passed by, and passed over
by the Piesident of the United Slates, and these
three—I wasgoing to say yearlings, but they did
not come up to that—these haif-yearhngs, these
six" months' boys, that could not stand the test,
and. as a matter ofgrace were allowed to resign,
with a recommendation that they should not come
back, by the action of the President and Senate,
have been taken up and put at the head of the
fifty or Sixty who labored through the whole four
years.
Now, sir, what did we do that for? What did
the Senate do it for' We did it because we thought
that an education at the Military Academy was
not l^quisite to make a good officer. It was the
deliberate judgment of the Senate and of the Gov-
ernment, that a boy had better be out of the acad-
emy than m it, because those who stayed and
won its highesthonors; those who labored by ihe
midnight lamp, and toiled for four years in the
painful and tedious ascent to such merit as they
might acquire, were all passed by, ignored, put
asitle, and those semi-yearlings who were dropped
for incompetency, and whom the academic board
recommended should not be allowed to return,
have been taken up by us, put at the head, and
made to rank every one of their class. Now, if
a boy can better qualify himself for a commission
in the Army by staying out of the academy than
by staying in it, let us turn them ail out, let us
abolish the institution.
Again, sir, 1 say that to have an institution thus
managed, and commissions in your Army thus
conferred, exhibits a degree of favoritism, of par-
tiality, and of—I do not know what to say—of
injustice, that ought to condemn its administra-
tion, and it is unworthy of the support of the peo-
ple, and ought not to be tolerated. The whole
system is wrong, utterly wrong, totally wrong,
entirely wrong. Why have we got to educate
these scions of the Army at the public expense ?
Why educate them in preference to any other
class of young men r I am opposed to it, and I am
also opposed to the Naval Academy, though I do
not know that the Government has solemnly de-
cided that boys can better qualify themselves to
be sailors by staying out of the Annapolis school
than they can by staying m it; but that has been
the deliberate judgment of the Senate and of the
Government in regard to the Military Academy;
and for that reason, if for nothing else, I am en-
tirely and utterly opposed to any of these appro-
priations.
Besides, sir, whenever you have occasion for
an army and men to command it, you do not go
to West Point to get them—never. When you
wanted a man to command your army to go to
Mexico, you went to New Hampshire; you went
into a very respectable bar there, and took one of
our first rate country lawyers, and you made him
a general right off, sent him to Mexico, and there
he distinguished himself so above all his fellows,
WestPoint men and all, that nothing would do but
you must, in consideration of his distinguished
services, make him President of the United States.
What West Point, boy have you ever served in
that way, sjr ? [Laughter.]
Ail these facts go to show that WcstPointis ut-
terly useless. We have the judgmentofthe Senate
and the judgment of the country that men can
better qualify themselves for subordinate places
in the Army by spending their tune anywhere
else than at West Point, and you can get better
generals out of a Now Hampshire law shop than
you con out ofa Military Academy at West Point,
and as long as this is the case, what is the use of
suppouing it any longer?
I am willing that the vote shall be taken,but I
simply want the yeas and nays, so that it may be
seen how many there arc who are for supporting
a useless institution, which disqualifies men for
places in the Army, when the fiction by which it
is sustained is that it qualifies them. I shall ask
foi the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the Senator from
New Hampshire lias taken but a partial view of
this subject. I do not think he has taken a fair
and candid course with it. I am not a particular
advocate for the Military Academy. Its benefits
may be partial, and there may be partiality in the
administration of its affairs. The gentleman, in
condemning those young men who were appointed
lieutenants in the Army, appears to have taken a
very partial view. lie has calculated the disad-
vantages, the toil, the labor, the vigilance of those
who have pursued their studies legulaily at the
institution; but he has not calculated the advant-
ages on the other hand that have resulted to the
Government from these delinquents, as he chargcs
them with being. Why, sir, he ought to recol-
lect, as I believe ho is an advocate for retrench-
ment and economy, that these young men, by
leaving the institution, saved to the Government
a very considerable sum. The Government had
not to support them after they left there, while it
was taxed for the support and sustentation of
those who remained at the institution. 1 really
think if they are capable an<l efficient men who
have been ingrafted upon the Army, they are en-
titled to credit, rather than discredit, from the fact
of their having become useful and active soldiers
and officers, without the same expense to the
Government that others have incurred. I can,
therefore, see no reason for condemning these
young men for being placed in the Army when
their capacity generally was not objected to. I
do not think the scientific force altogether import-
ant m the Army; for I think the most efficient sol-
dieia I have ever seen were boys who were taken
