876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
[Mr. Bright] has paired off with a gentleman"
on the other side, I think the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade.]
Mr. GWIN. I 'have been requested to pair off
with the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, who is confined at home by dangerous
illness; and I have agreed to do so.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Bell, Brorierick, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Dixon, Doolittle. Douglas, Duikee, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, King, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Toombs, and
Wilson—23. ^ ,
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Clay, Crittenden, Evans, Fitch, Green, Hammond,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Mallory, Mason,
Pearce, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thomson
of New Jersey, Wright, and Yulce—26.
So the substitute proposed by Mr, Johnson,
of Tennessee, was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to strike out the
whole bill after the enacting clause, and insert this
substitute:
That, in addition to the military establishment of the
United States, there shall be raised and organized, under
the direction of the President, one 1 egimcnt of' dragoons and
two regiments of infantry, cach to be composed of the same
number and rank of commissioned and non-commissioned
officers, buglers, musicians, and privates, and so forth, as
are provided for a regiment of dragoons and infantry, re-
spectively, under existing laws, and who shall receive the
same pay, rations, and allowances, according to their re-
spective grades, and be subjcct to the same regulations and
to the rules and articles of war: Provided. That it shall be
lawful for the President of the United States alone to ap-
point such of the commissioned officers, authorized by this
act, below the grade of field officers, as may not be ap-
pointed during the present session.
Seo. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said officers,
musicians; and privates, authorized by this act, shall imme-
diately be discharged from the service of the United States
at the expiration of two years from and after the passage of
this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further cuactcd, That regular pro-
motions to vacancies occurring in the grades of commis-
sioned officers, in the regiments hereby authorized and re-
quired to be raised, shall be by lcgimenta, instead of by
arms of service, as now regulated and provided in certain
Seo. 4. And, be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he is, authorized to sclect &uch
officers of the Army as he may think proper, and assign
them to command with temporary and increased rank m
the regiments hereby authorized, and who, whilst exercising
the temporary rank thus conferred, shall receive the pay
and emoluments of the commands to which they have been
assigned, and be entitled to no other pay or allowances
whatever during the period of such detached service. The
officers so employed shall succeed to vacancips in their
own corps according to the ordinary lules of piomotion,
and, if not previously ordeicd to do so, shall, upon the dis-
bundmcnt of the legiments to which they have been as-
signed, rejoin their own regiment,corps, troop, or company,
as the case may be. The field-officers of the regiments
herein authorized and provided for, shall be selected from
the officers of the Army, and appointed by the President,
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to temporary
commissions, the effect of which will cease and determine
with the disbandment of the corps to which they may be
assigned.
Mr. BIGGS. I believe, by these substitutes
which have been proposed, it is well understood
this service is to be temporary merely. It is the
opinion of many of the Senators that there will
be no necessity at all for raising this force, and
that some arrangement maybe made rendering it
unnecessary, so far as peace negotiations may be
concerned in Utah. This amendment makes it
imperative on the President of the United States
to raise the force. I desire to suggest a modifi-
cation for the consideration of the Senator from
Virginia, which 1 have already submitted to him,
and to which he has no objection. It is, to insert
after the word " President," in the fifth line, the
words, "if, in his opinion, the exigencies of the
public service shall require it."
Mr. HUNTER.. I accept that amendment.
Mr. BIGGS. The second section provides:
That the said officers, musicians, and privates, author-
ized by this act, shall immediately be discharged fiom the
service of the United States, at the expiration of two years
from and after the passage of this act."
I move to amend that section by adding the
words, " or sooner, if the public service will per-
mit."
Mr. HUNTER. I accept that.
Mr. PUGH. Is it in order to move a substitute
for that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. PUGH. Then I offera substitute for the
employment of volunteers, leaving out the two
propositions to which I objected in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Tennessee. My motion
is to strike out all after the word " that," and in-
sert:
The President is hereby authorized to call for and aceept
the services of any number of volunteers, not exceeding in
all three thousand officers and men, who may offer their
services as cavalry or infantry, to serve for twelve months,
unless sooner discharged, after they shall have arrived at
the place of rendezvous, or been mustered into the service
of the United States; and that the sum of dollars be,
and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of
carrying the provisions of this act into effect.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said volunteers,
when mustered into the service, shall be armed and equipped
at the expense of the United States, and, until discharged
therefrom, be subject to the rules and articles of war; and
shall be organized in the same manner, and shall receive the
same pay and allowances as officers and soldiers of the like
grade or arm in the Army of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the volunteers so
offeringtheir services shall be accepted by the President in
companies, battalions, or regiments, and that each company
shall consist of the same number of officers and men as may
be prescribed by law for companies of the regular Army.
The captain and lieutenants of the said companies shall be
elected or appointed, according to the laws of their several
States; and the President, in the appointment of the staff
and field-officers shall apportion them to the States wherein
the companies are accepted.
Sec. 4. Ami be it further enacted, That the volunteers
who may be received into the service of the United States
by virtue of this act, and who shall be wounded or other-
wise disabled in the service, shall be entitled to all the ben-
efits which may be conferred upon persons wounded or dis-
abled in the service of the United States.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bell, Brodenck, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Crittenden,Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkce, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston,
Johnson of Tennessee, King, Pugh, Seward, Simmons,
Sumner, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs. Bigler,
Brown, Clay, Evans, Fitch, Green, Hammond, Ilunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Mallory, Mason, Pearce,
Polk, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Thomson of New Jersey, Wright, and Yulee—25.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on agreeing to the substitute of the Sena-
tor from Ohio as a substitute for the original bill.
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. I had, on the preliminary votes
and test questions in regard to the amendment of
the Senator from Virginia, agreed to pair off with
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] Being
in favor of volunteers, I mean now to vote in favor
of the proposition.^
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Biodeuck, Cameron, Chandler,
Clark, Cnttonden, Divon, Doolittle, Douglas, Durkec, Fcs-
hcndcn, Foot, Fostei. Gwin, Hale, Hamlm, Harlan, Hous-
ton. Johnson of Tennessee, King, Pugh, Seward, Simmons,
Sumner, Toombs, Tiumbull,and Wilson—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayaid, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Brown, Clay, Evans, Fitch, Gieen, Hammond, Hunter,
Iverson, Johnson of Aikansas, Mallory, Mason, Peaioe,
Polk, Sebastian, Shdfll, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Thomson of New Jersey, Wiight, and Yulee—2o.
So the substitute was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Biggs, Broderick, Cameron, Crit-
tenden, Douglas, Green, Gwm, Houston, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Mallory, Pugh, Seward, Stuart, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, and Toombs—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown,
Chandler, Clark, Clay, Divon, Doolittle, Durkee, Evans,
Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Foster, Uale, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, King, Mason, Polk,
Sebastian, Simmons, Slidell, Sumner, Thomson of New
Jersey, Tnimbull, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—3.>.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. HALE. Having; voted with the majority,
and wanting to give what time there is for delib-
eration, I move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was rejected.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to lay that motion on
the table.
The motion to lie on the table was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. CLAY. Having achieved a great work
to-day, 1 think we may rest on our labors until
Monday next. With that view, I move that when ' j
the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Mon-
day next.
The motion was agreed to. j
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BELL. I desire to make an explanation
which I think inaportant'to myself, and I trust I • j
shall have the forbearance of the Senate in making
it. In the debate which took place yesterday be-
tween my colleague and myself, I find one pas-" . ^
sage reported which is an error; and it is due to
my colleague that I should make an explanation. >
The report contains this paragraph, as having '
been said by me:
" In the course of the canvasses in Tennessee, the female
population usually come out to hear the champions on both
sides in their debates, at barbecues and other occasions got
up for the purpose of hearing them declaim on the subject of
politics; and he asserted a doctrine which placed the deli-
cate females among his auditoiy upon a level with the black
wenches of the middle and western portions of the State—
the property of the slaveholding lords or aristocrats."
It is due to my colleague to declare that I said
no such thing; but I do not mean this as a cen-
sure on the reporters, for I am utterly amazed at
the general accuracy with which they report my
remarks, which are not premeditated in general.
What I said was, that my colleague charged that
the policy of the State, in the apportionment of
representation, was such that it placed that por-
tion of his auditory in that position—not that he
advocated a doctrine which placed them in that
position. I think it due to my colleague to say _ -
this much, in justice to him.
There is another point which I desire to notice.
I had not time yesterday morning, before I com-
menced my remarks, to read the speech of my
colleague made on the day before, as reported in
the Globe of yesterday morning. I had no time
to do more than run over it cursorily; but I un-
derstand from a friend that my colleague is re-
ported to have stated that I had declared my
determination to vote for the admission of Kansas
with the Lecompton constitution. I have not had
time, since that intimation was given me, to ex-
amine the speech so as to find that paragraph.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not re-
member precisely the language of the report, but
I certainly understood my colleague as saying
that he would vote for the admission of Kansas
as a State under the Lecompton constitution.
Mr. BELL. I should like to know on what ex-
pression of sentiment by me that is based. When
that was told to me by a friend, I said that I woulU
not stand any imputation of that kind; but I rec-
ollected that my colleague had pressed on me sev-
eral interrogatories in reference to the instructions
of the Legislature, and I saw how he could mis-
take my position. If I remember rightly, he
asked me whether I meant to disregard the in-
structions of the Legislature, and I replied that I
did not. What I meant was, that I would give
them all due consideration and deference; that I
did not mean to say that I would disregard them,
because that might be construed as treating them
with contempt. I excuse my colleague, if he in-
ferred what I understand he asserted; but I desire
to say now that I did not declare that I would
obey the instructions of the Legislature on that
point. I rather intimated the contrary; but I never
said anything so disrespectful as that I would dis-
regard or treat with contempt the instructions of
the majority of my Legislature; I said that I would
defer to them where they were formed upon a full
consideration of the subject, in the manner I
stated in my first remarks on the resolutions.
While I declared that I would not be bound to
obey the instructions of the Legislature, I think
my language could not be construed as saying
that 1 intended to vote for the admission of Kan-
sas with the Lecompton constitution. While £
do not mean to say that in all circumstances that
may occur my mind is made up to vote in a cer-
tain way, I do say that my inclinations are rather
against the course proposed by the instructions.
I think from the whole tenor of my remarks on
presenting the resolutions, it would be inferred
that my impression was that I should vote against
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton con-
stitution, unless some new developments should
be made, or some new information received; but
still I held myself open to be convinced, either by
arguments or new developments, or any consid-
erations of sufficient weightthatmightbe presented
to induce me to go for it. I think it doubtful
