2986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 1*2,
through special malice towardsTexas.buton ac- j
count of the worthlessness of your Army. One
of vour agents reported that he was transporting J
supplies to Port Bent, and that he had to give I;
arms to the Indians because' they came around J!
him with their faces pamteiand said they would
have his life if he did notissue arms to them; and j|
he rave them four hundred arms, and says he j
wilf have to give them four hundred again this ^
year. There are eight hundred arms—enough to .
ami a regiment of wild Oamanches, and biing
them down upon Texas; and yet you will not !
give us rangers to defend ourselves; you will give ;
us troops to eat beef, and stay in pickets and gai - .
risons, and who cannot go out. We want pre- !
vention, and that will anticipate retaliation. Why
were these arms issued to the hostile Indians.
The agent applies to the GroveTnment to give him
men to protect him and his annuities, and they
will not do it. The Army will not be a frontier
police; they will not go, because it is disagreeable
business; they will not go across the plains, from
Independence to Bent's Station, upon the Arkan-
sas. The agent, in transporting his annuities, had
no one to defend them but a few teamsters. He
had applied for a detachment of soldiers, and was
told he could not get them.
When the Indian department applies to the
War Department for troops, the latter consults
the feelings of the officers. These gentlemen do
rot want to be a frontier police; they do not want
to go on the border; they remonstrate against it. ..
It is out of the question. It will be unfortunate;
and they will rum their horses if they go, and j
they will be wet! It will be a very disagreeable ,
business; and they would rather let the cursed ,
Indians alone. They think the agents are no bet- ,
ter than the Indians. The Secretary of War de- ^
fers to the gentlemen. They have all friends and j
families and political influence to come to the De- i
partment and show that frontier service among
the Indians is a very disagreeable thing. A gen-
tleman may say to the Secretary of War, " you
know I would be happy to oblige you; and ray
people have a good deal of influence at home, and
all this influence is at your command; this officer
is a peculiar favorite with us all; he is a pet; do
not send him out; maybe he will get killed out
there." Sir, I would wipe out such men, as the
Indians say. I would begin wiping, and I would
wipe away until I got to the root of the evil*, and
I would find that in the delinquency of the heads
of Departments and officials, who should say to
one of their officers, " go,''and he should go, and
to another " come,"and he should come. That
was the way in the time the Roman eagles floated
gloriously over subjugated nations. But it is not
bo in our day.
Well, sir, I ask that this agency may be trans-
ferred to the superintendency in Texas. It has
do connection with the eastern agency, in Arkan- [
sas. It has every connection with us. An agent 1
there can anticipate incursions, for it is through
this territory that the hostiles will have to pass;
he can have Indian spies planted that can run and
give information to our frontier, that the bands
are congregating there, and meditating an attack
upon us, and we can be ready to repel them.
Give us a Texas regiment of rangers that we may
defend ourselves, that we may keep constant
scouts on our frontiers, and anticipate these in-
vasions; for if that is the case, the Indians will be
carcful howthey make trails into oursettlements, ;!
or on our frontier, as our men will be far.advanced,
and if they were to strike their trail, they know f,
they would follow them and arrest them before i,
they struck the blow. Give us a regiment of,;
rangers; take away your regular thousands—take .
them away. Take them to where you can get
beef and supplies cheap. Why, sir, you waste
more m the transportation of supplies to them in ^
a single*year than would support a regiment of ,
rangeis. The quartermaster's department pays ;|
more in a single year in my opinion, than would .[
keep a Texas regiment in the field, who would ij
give us protection and defend us against an e^e" !!
my. Give us a regiment of rangers, place this j
agency where I have desired, and I pledge you j
my honor, I will lay down my life, if within five ■
years we have not entire peace, if I should live
that long. If you will only do it, it is all I ask; ;
I ask for no increased expenditure. We have |
saved you §60,000 through the integrity of a ca- ;
pabie man* and I want him to extend his protect- ,
ing mantle and his sagacious policy over those i
Indians that are our enemies, and will remain so j
until they become identified with us as friends, j
and receive their annuities through our country, j
and know that we are identical with the other i
portions of the Union. , !
I may mention a circumstance that once occurred
in Texas, some sixty or eighty'miles, perhaps,
from the Colorado, at the point of the Brazos.
The people on the Colorado had war with the Ga-
manches and other tribes in the interior. l"ey
were conducting it with great violence, with con- ,
tinual inroads, interchanges of invasions of In- j
dians by the whites and invasions of whites by ,
the Indians. The Indians living on the Brazos ,
had intercourse with the Brazos people and were I
perfectly friendly. The people from Brazos could ,
go up amongst the Indians and could traue. i hey j
were on terms of perfect amity. There was a re- j
markable man living on the Brazos, a man foiia ;
of excitement. The Colorado people said, we ;
have to suffer this war and the Brazos people wi I ,
not help us because the Indians will not attack \
them; the Indians are their friends. Now, we
win go and we will bring war upon the people
on the Brazos. So they made up a campaign, f
caught a party of peaceful Indians and massa- |
cred them. a i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the Sen- ■
ator from Texas will allow me to make a sugges- :
tion to him. With, thai very high respcct which j
he knows I bear to him in everything,.I will say j
to hi in merely that, in the> earnestness of debate,
the fact of the escape of time does not attract his
to thcFdelegation here, after referring to a report
made by him, says:
'• If it is the intention of the President to.Older out the
Te\ i- !*!■"■*)innt. wliv it not done ? Th" existuigevils are
unbeii able And besides It is unjustih.it our state should
be taied with this, at host a tem|>oiary piotection, which
she is now compelled to afford, without the a-BUrance of
obtainm- remuneration Ironi it hereaftei from the Federal
Government, whose duty it is. AS iavated by this recent
defeat there is too much reason to believe th.u a general
descent will he made, our entire hue oi frontier hioknn Up
and devastated, without some piompt and cailv action by
theauthmmes at Washington.- You will therefore comer
with the President and Seeietaiy ot Wai, and urge thein to
action, with the least possible delay."
This is the language of Governor H. R. K-un-
nells, of Texas. I need offer no comments on this.
He is there and knows the facts. He has received
Captain Ford's report. He has had details of the
condition of things before him, and he speaks
from home without a desire to increase the ex-
penses of the Government, or to produce any ex-
citement. He is not a man subject to excitement.
He is one who would be calm and considerate
under the influences by which he is surrounded;
but he says there is a tumultuous excitement
amongst the people there, and I do not wonder at
it. The aggravation is great; our necessities have
been urgent; no relief has ever been furnished us
We have had to stand on the defensive as much
with your regular troops, as we did battling for
our liberty with a little band in the glorious days
of our revolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am aware,as
is the Senate, of the condition in which this bill
stands. Itis an appropriation bill concerning the
Indian service. At this period of the session,
with the necessity upon us for the transaction of
this public business, it is, I admit, entirely pre-
posterous on my part to go into an extended dis-
cussion on the subject. Upon the part of the
Senator from Texas' I do not say that it is so, be-
cause he feels very earnest in regard to the mat-
ter which he has so laboriously and elaborately
presented to the Senate. I trust, however, that
he will consider the very few remarks whicn 1
may have to make on the subject as not calling
for any lengthened reply on his part. He and
are both anxious that the bill should pass, or at
least willing that it should. Much debate would
defeat it. Therefore I will notice only the few
matters I must necessarily notice, to give the
Senate those points which it seems to me compel
them to reject at once the amendment offered.
His proposition, in short, is to transfer from
the superintendency which controls the Choctaw
nation a portion of their territory, and put it under
a separate superintendency. He transfers only
a portion of the country which belongs to the
Choctaws, instead of the whole of it, to a super-
intendency against which they have bitterly pro-
tested, and that protest is on file in the puBlic
offices.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask leave to say it -was a
protest only by the agent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. _ A delegation
of Choctaws was here, and by their concurrence,
and at their instance, the agent representing them
I has put in that protest. The Choctaws themselves
' are here, and I do not understand from them that
it is pleasant to them that a portion of their coun-
try only should be taken from one superintend-
ency and put under another. It leads to this con-
sequence:- a portion of the Choctaw nation has
been leased by them to the United States, but
expressly, according to the terms of the treaty
now before me, (and 1 will not go into any dis-
cussion of it, or ev£n read it to the Senate, unless
it is called for,) the ownership is reserved to them,
and they have only leased it with authority on
the part of the United States to put other Indians
in there from certain prescribed regions of coun-
try. .
Mr. HOUSTON. Subject to rules prescribed
by the President.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Yes; and they
go on and say it shall be subject to the laws of
the Choctaw nation, and they moreover reserve
the rights of the Choctaws ana Chickasaws, who
are but one nation now, to move into it and settle
upon it. This is the condition of things, and they
protest against putting under a Texas superin-
tendency a portion of their country. They be-
i heve it will breed war and trouble amongst them.
! The Department of the Interior and the Commis-
I sioner of Indian Affairs concur in this belief, mid
attention. -
Mr. HOUSTON. I have but a few more ro- :
marks io make. . I
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If we do not j
get early action on this bill, within an hour, the ^
Senator will even defeat his own object of getting
a vote on Ins amendment, with any hope that it
will ultimately become a law; and his advocacy ,
of it maybe its destruction. I shall consume no ,
more time than an answer can be possibly given j
in. I do not think I shall take ten minutes. • He [
has certainly made a most able argument on his :
side of the question. j
Mr. HOUSTON. I am hoarse, and I can hard- j
ly talk. I was observing that they determined on
the Colorado to involve the people on the Brazos.
They came over. They got a white man who
had a remarkable appearance on the Brazos asso-
ciated with Coloradians. In the conflict or skir-
mish they had with the Indians, this man was
killed. The whites, as I recollect, left him un-
buiied. The Indians discovered that he was the
man with whom they had been on terms of am- ,
lty on the Brazos; and, finding him associated \
with the others, they thought they had been de-
hided by the people on the Brazos, and instantly
they made war on them as well as on the Colo-
radians. By this stratagem they were brought in.
Now, sir, so long as the Indians know that it
is through the instrumentality of the people of
1 Texas, or by the direction of the Government, ,
i that the goods pass through Texas to the agency, j
1 and that it is under the superintendency of a i
i Texas agent, they will not rebel against him, and !
I will cease to annoy us or to afflict us. It will give ;
1 us protection. It will take nothing from Aik-
, an sas, because there are counties intervening be-
i tween it and Arkansas, and it has no more con-
i nection with Arkansas than it has with Kansas
!: or Missouii. There is no object in keeping it as
f itis—none oil the face of the earth, except to swell
I! a superintendency and increase the responsibili-
ties. I am sure if the superintendent* was con-
suited, he would say give it up. I know him.
All that he wants is to do his business well. He
is a man of integrity and ability, and I am sure
if he could be here, he would, say give it up; be-
cause it is noadvantage, only that the goods they
receive are transported up the Arkansas river,
and across to Port Smith, and 1 believe every-
thing pays toll that touches there, and storage
and "transportation and all those things. I want
it done in the cheapest way, and that is through
Texas.
Have I any authority for what I have been
saying? I-will bring the highest authority, the
sovereign authority jf the State of Texas, to see
whether I am home out in insisting upon the
regimentof rangersfor our protection. Governor
Runnells, under date of 23di of May, in writing
