1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
whether anything is likely to occur to induce me
to change my mind.
I censure not my eolleague. He asked me
■whether I would disregard the instructions of the
Legislature, and I answered distinctly that I would
not in that sense; but I explained the ground on
which I made that answer. It was that I did not
mean to treat with disrespect or contempt any ex-
pression of opinion by my Legislature. I have
thought this much was due to myself, my friends,
and my opponents. I have an honorable Senator
now in my eye who really thought I had ex-
pressed a determination to vote for the admission
of Kansas on theLecompton constitution; and he
was so confident of it that until he looked into the
debate he would not be satisfied that I had not ex-
pressed such a sentiment. I do not mean to say
that my colleague may not have been misled; but
I trust what I have now stated will be sufficient
to prevent any further discussion on this subject
between him and myself.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I presume the
Senate is sick and tired of this dish of Tennessee
politics which we have had; but as my colleague
lias introduced the question again,! feel bound
to say a word or two in justice to the reporters,
though I do not know exactly what they have re-
ported.
Mr. BELL. I say I have not seen it either. I
do not know what it is.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. In justice to
the reporters I wish to state what was my under-
standing of what I replied to when I made my
speech. My colleague commented on the two
first resolutions of the Legislature of Tennessee,
and as I understood him, indicated very clearly
and distinctly that he would not regard them or
obey them. The third resolution instructed him
and myself to vote for the admission of Kansas
under the Lc'compton constitution, and when I
asked him the question he stated that he would
vote for the admission of Kansas under the Le-
compton constitution. That is the way I under-
stood him, and I think the run of the debate will
so show it. Then I asked the further question,
whether he would vote for the admission of Kan-
sas under the Lecompton constitution, in obedi-
ence to his instructions, or upon his own judg-
ment and reflection; to which he replied that on
his own account he should vote agamst it, but in
consequence of the instructions he should vote
for the admission. That is the way I understood
him, and I think the current of the debate will-
show it to be so. But of course the honorable
Senator has a right to explain his position, if
there be any misunderstanding about it, and so
far as I am concerned his explanation is satisfac-
tory to me. When he said that he would vote
for the admission of Kansas, I stated, according
to my recollection, that I was gratified to hear
that. I do not know what my reply is as printed,
but if the .papers have given it that way, they are
right.
Mr. BELL. There was not the slightest ne-
cessity for my colleague to interpose at all. I said
before that I remembered the question which he
put to me, and the answer 1 made, which might
have misled him; but I did not hear his statement
as to the inference he drew, that I would vote for
the admission of Kansas under the Lecompton
constitution, or I should have corrected it at the
time. I never approximated to such a sentiment.
I did not mean to express any such sentiment.
What I meant was, to show a due rcspect to the
views of my Legislature, as evinced by resolu-
tions expressive of the opinion of the majority of
that body. I have not read the report of my re-
marks on that point, because I supposed I was
clear and explicit in regard to it. I expressed my
opinions in reference to the right and power of
the Legislature to control my vote. I said that
I did not feel bound by their instructions, but yet
when I perceived that there was an expression of
opinion on the part of the majority of the Legis-
lature, that seemed to proceed from convictions
founded on a full understanding of the subject, in
all its bearings and consequences, I should always
be disposed to defer to them, if there was no con-
stitutional difficulty in the way; and, without ac-
knowledging the obligations of the instructions,
I would shape my course accordingly; but I said
expressly, " that is not the present case." I
think nobody who heard me, much less who has
read what I said, could misunderstand me.
When my colleague pressed me on the subject
as to what course I intended to pursue, I remem-
ber that one question-was, " do I understand my
colleague to mean that he disregards the instruc-
tions of the Legislature ?" How it is reported I
do not know, but I remember very well what I
said, and I recollect the reason that actuated me
at the moment. If I had answeredin the affirm-
ative, that I would disregard them, it would be
ground sufficient on which to predicate columns
on columns, speech after speech in Tennessee,
that I had a perfect contempt of a majority of the
Legislature. I had, by that time, come to a full
understanding as to what I had to meet and con-
tend with, and I said "no." Then I rose and
stated what I did mean, that I intended to treat,
with all proper respect, the sentiment of the ma-
jority of the Legislature of my State; and I did
not intend to disregard it, but I did not mean to
say I would obey it. My first speech on the res-
olutions I presented was sufficient to show that
I did not feel bound to do any such thing.
When I made this explanation, I excused my
colleague, and said perhaps there was enough to
mislead him. I did not notice the inference which
he drew, or of course I should not have allowed
it topasswithoutcommentatthe time. I did not
see it yesterday morning in his printed speech,
because, as the Senate knows, the Globe is not
laid on our desks until the meeting of the Senate.
I obtained one, half an hour, or a quarter of an
hour, before the meeting of the Senate, by send-
ing a special messenger for it, and that was the
only time I had to give to an examination of my
colleague's speech of three hours. Of course I
could only glance over it hurriedly. This point
escaped me then, or I should have noticed it yes-
terday. I do not mean to say that my colleague
may not have been honestly and candidly misled.
I do not mean to say that there was any want of
candor on his part. What I mean is, that I said
no such thing. I think everybody who heard
me must have been impressed with the idea that
I should probably vote against the admission of
Kansas with the Lecompton constitution, and yet
I did not mean to commit myself positively, so
as to shut out any light which I might derive from
information to be received in the progress of the
subject. I only state what I think would have
been inferred by anybody who heard me, that I
was inclined, with my ptesent impressions, to go
against it; and yet I did not mean to commit my-
self. There might be modifications of the prop-
osition, there might be such provisions introduced
that I should feel myself bound to vote for it. I
avowed then, as I had all along, that my policy
was to go for that which promised, with the great-
est certainty, to terminate the eternal agitation on
the question of slavery, which has been produc-
tive of so much mischief.
I have made this statement, because I desire that
neither friends nor opponents shall misunderstand
my course on this subject. My friends at home
are advised of it. There is no withholding it.
As the case now presents itself to me, unless I
shall receive further information or further devel-
opments, I shall vote in opposition to the course
recommended in the instructions of the Legisla-
ture of Tennessee; but still I do not mean to be
bound by that. I await further developments,
further argument, and any further light that may
be thrown on the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Mr. Presi-
dent- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind the Senate that there is no question
pending.
Mr. BELL. I asked leave to make a personal
explanation. There is no objection to my col-
league's proceeding. I have no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have a single
word to say on the same principle that the expla-
nation has been made by my colleague. I replied
to my colleague as I understood him at the time
and as I think many Senators understood him. If
I misunderstood him and others misunderstood
him, of course he has a right to explain and define
his position and tell what it was; but my reply
was made to his speech just as I understood it.
In reference to apportioning the State, counting
the whites against the blacks, and all that sort of
thing, I merely wish to say that so far as that
statement of my colleague, about what he has |
heard of what occurred in East Tennessee, is con- i
cerned, I was gratified that he stated it, for I in-
tended at a proper time to call his attention, and
that of the Senate, to it. That is all gratuitous,
and has no foundation whatever; and I was grat-
ified to hear him make t,he explanation.
Mr. BELL. I meant to do justice to my col-
league as well as myself.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senators
from Tennessee allow a stranger to interpose a
word ? I heard very carefully all that was said
by the honorable Senator from Tennessee on this
side, [Mr. Bell,] and I paid very "particular at-
tention, as I always do, to what was said by the
honorable Senator from Tennessee on the other
side, [Mr. Johnson.] I saw when the honorable
Senator from Tennessee on the other side misap-
prehended and thereupon assumed that the hon-
orable Senator here had pledged himself to vote
for Lecompton. I observed it at the time, and
thought he had misapprehended his colleague. I
noticed it at the time, and I think when you
come to read the debates you will find that the
misapprehension occurred very much in the way
it has been described. I did not fall into the error
which the honorable Senator did.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The honor-
able Senator from New York proceeds on the idea
that I misapprehended my colleague; but does hs
not remember that when I replied to my colleague,
I said I was glad to hear that ?
Mr. SEWARD. Exactly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I went on
to make my comments, supposing that he had
committed himself to voting for the admission
of Kansas under the Lecompton constitution, at
which I was gratified.
Mr. SEWARD. Exactly; that is so. That
was the misapprehension.
Mr. BELL. I could not have heard that, or if
I was here, I was not attending to it. From the
course of his debate afterwards, in which he still
pursued the same bitter strain of denunciation of
my course, I could not suppose he would begrat-
ified at anything I had said.
Mr. PUGH. As we have agreed to adjourn
until Monday, it will gratify me if the Senate
would devote a few moments to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed to Monday.
. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 25, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. B. N. Brown.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first in
order was the consideration of the resolution of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harris,] pro-
posing the expulsion of Orsames B. Matteson.
MARYLAND CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House evidence in the contested-elec-
tion case from the third congressional district of
Maryland.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved that said evi-
dence be referred to the Committee ofElections,
and printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose, sir, it
would be better to refer that evidence to the com-
mittee without printing. There is a good deal of
it, and if it is necessary to have it printed it can
be done afterwards.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I think we had bet-
ter take the order to print without further delay.
Mr. Harris's motion was agreed to.
THE PATENT OFFICE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Treasury Department, respecting an appropria-
tion for repairing the saloon of the old portion of
the Patent Office; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
PUBLIC LANDS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
containing replies to a resolution of the House of
Representatives, adopted 4th January, 1858,call-
in.? for cei tain information in relation to the sales
