2988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
citizens into an agent, but she wants security to
her frontiers and nothing else. Was I caviling
for an agency, or intimating a wish to have an
agency there?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I have not said
such a thins;. I do not believe you wili do it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know it. My friend said
we were welcome to have it. I do not want it. I
have not asked for it; I have not intimated a wish
for it. I hope I divest myself of such considera-
tion when there is a great national concernment
in the way. He concedes that the fort shall be
established at the foot of the Witchita mount-
ains within this reservation; that an agent shall
reside there; and that the Indians shall receive
their annuities through our country, or in con-
nection with us, and not from the opposite point
on the Arkansas. I want to draw their minds to
Texas, and to show that that is the object to af-
filiate with them, so far as we can with our rela-
tions; that we shall teach them to view us as
friends, and not as enemies. Let the benefits come
from us; and the Indian, who is a material being,
will realize it to a certain extent, as far as his
senses will go, that we are his friends, and are
not opposed to him.
Sir, this is an important object. It is to keep
the peace. The gentleman tells you that this
proposition will save millions. I tell you, that
if tins little amendment is passed, in the course
of five years it will save $10,000,000 to your
Treasury, and you can take your tioops from
there, and do what you choose with them. You
may disband them. You may station them where
they can get supplies, without each ration costing
fifty cents. You can take them away. Leave us
a single regiment of ourown;give us the agency,
and the Choctaws will rejoice at it. Why ? Be-
cause they send their children in our country to
have them educated. On the Red river there is
nothing but that little line or narrow strip. Tiiey
move over into our State. The wealthy portion
of thorn even own plantations m Texas. They
purchase our land. They are cut off from Arkan-
sas and move over to us and have their children
educated among us. They never send their chil-
dren to Arkansas to be educated, nor locate them-
selves in thermits of Arkansas. The Choctaws
are our friends. They would be .glad to be at-
tached to the superintendency of Texas, and I
am willing to accept them. I will not ask an
agent unless his qualifications are superior. I
have nothing more to say except to implore the
Senate, if they regaul Texas ot Tcxans, if they
regard peace, if they regard the civilization of the
Indian, die harmony of the frontier, and our de-
fenseless condition, to vote for this amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Texas and the
Senator from Arkansas have argued this question
as a question relating to two States. 1 should do
it as a question of public interest relating to the
Choctaws, a tribe of Indians who once resided in
Mississippi, and whose proud history it is never
to have shed the blood of a white man. They
very faithfully boie arms as the allies of the whiles
in the war of 1812. They migrated to this coun-
try, where a certain tract of land was Pet apart
for them. A portion of that land the Senator de-
sires to seize for the use of the Indians of Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON". No, sir; not a foot of it. I
will explain to the gentleman. It has been pus*
chased by the Government for an Indian reserva-
tion, but I do not want a Texas Indian to go on
it at all. The gentleman misapprehends me.
Mr. DAY1S. It has not been purchased. It
was only gianfed in use. The Choctaws still
retain their right to it. The Choctaws have no
idea of surrendering their jurisdtction over this
land. They specifically retain their right to settle
it. They expect to mingle some portion of their
tribe with such tribes as choose to go into their
territory West. They have schools which are, I
expect, as good as any in the northern part of
Texas. They need not send their children out
of their own tribe for that species of education;
and they can educate the older tribes if they are
brought under their laws, jurisdiction, and gov-
ernment. I think it is the best opportunity we
shall have for the civilization of the wild tribes,
but I say that the Choctaws have a right to de-
cide who shall go on this land that they have
granted for certain purposes, regaining to them-
selves jurisdiction and rights in the land set apart.
Nor, sir, is this question, as a practical matter,
of very great importance, unless it is a struggle
to raise a superintendency for the territory outside
of Texas for the agent now within her border.
He maintains that the United States bear a pecu-
liar relation to that State. The United States own
none of that land that the Indians were raised
upon; Texas is the owner. A few small reserva-
tions have been set apart, so as to separate the
Indians from the common pressure of settlement.
If the Texas Indians could go into the Choctaw
country, they would go out of the jurisdiction of
Texas, and properly separate themselves from
the control of the agent, whose instruction and
whose relations are to the Indians of Texas resid-
ing upon the territory of Texas, and not upon the
territory of the United States.
But, to sustain .himself, the Senator from Texas
arraigned the private and the official character of
the agent of the Choctaws; and, after hurling de-
nunciation at him, announces that he does not
know the gentleman. Then, sir, I will tell him
something about him. He is a man who held
many positions of honor and trust before he re-
ceived this Choctaw agency, and in peace and in
war well discharged the duties of them all* Those
who know him best would not consider that I
complimented him at all when I tell the Senator he
is his peer on any occasion. Yet without know-
ing him, without caring to know the man, he
hurls denunciations at him as though he would
convict him 
Mr. HOUSTON. Convict whom?
Mr. DAVIS. The agent of the Choctaws. He ;
went from the country in which thes^ Indians re- j
sided before they removed West. From his m^1
fancyuphe had known those Indians, and many
of the old men remembered him. He went there. I
He acquired an affectionate regard for those In-
dians. He has done more to elevate the nation, in i
my belief, than any agent I have ever known of an ,
Indian tribe. He established his agency upon
the extreme western border of the settlement of
the Choctaw Indians, m order that he might have
control of this very territory, into which certain
wild tribes were invited to settle. It is true, the i
agency was removed to Fort Witchita; but still ,
the western part of the Choctaw nation, on the !
False Wachita,isnear the residenceof the super- ;
intendent of this country, on which the Choc- j
taws have agreed that wild Indians might reside, j
I will not consume the time of the Senate. I
will not imitate the example of the Senator, on the
last day of the session, in consuming time. The
speech might as well have been made three months
ago, unless recent changes made it an object not
to do so. If he had not plumed himself upon this
insult of a personal friend of myself, I should
have said nothing; though 1 think there is a great
deal in his remarks in which he could not possi-
sibly maintain himself—his general denunciation
of the Army, his specific denunciation of one offi-
cer of the Army. That officer will not feel much
intimidated at the threat the Senator makes—that
if he had the power he would run his pen through
his name. He will sleep secure; he will sleep
long before that Senator attains such power.^
Why all this denunciation of the officers of the
Army ? I hear nothing except that they arc gen-
tlemen of education—nothing except that they are
gentlemen of refinement and cultivated taste; to
which he appends, as a necessary consequence,
that they will not serve on the frontier, and make
peace among the Indian tribes. Is it true, sir? Does
the history of the country sustain the accusation ?
Do they not reside on the frontier? What por-
tion of our population has seen anything like the
same amount of personal intercourse with Indian ■
tribes as the officers and soldiers of our Army ? j
He may sustain his accusation against them that .
they are gentlemen, educated men; and if that be ;
a crime in his eyes, he may judge them upon it. \
But he says they do nothing; and this shows how
reckless of assertion and how regardless he is of \
reputation; for, on another occasion, I read an j
account narrating what they had done in his own !
State of Texas—a service which showed physical :
endurance and military prowess which would 1
fairly compare with anything of like character of j
service in any history of any nation. I
But after all this, he winds up with the plea of I
humanity—humanity forthe Indian; and mingles !
with that vauntings about the number of Indians ;
a Texas ranger can kill.^ Why, sir, this is a queer j
view of it. He complains of the Army because i
they do not kill thpse poor creatures instead of
trying to raise them to a higher;position than they
now occupy. If that was the real purpose, a gen-
tleman of education and refined taste, it seems to
me, would prefer to do that rather than to mas-
sacre the poor helpless creatures that fall into his
hands.
I will not, Mr. President, continue my remarks,
and would not have trespassed upon the Senate
at this hour^pbut for the reason I have stated.
Mr. HOUSTON. Th% gentleman's surprise,
I am sure, not exceed mine, and does not ex-
ceed it now. I would be glad if the gentleman
would be so kind as to tell me what remarks of
a personal character I applied to his friend, the
Indian agent?
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot repeat the language.
You were at it, I think, for a quarter of an hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to know a single
expression that I used disreputable to him.
Mr. DAVIS. Did you not speak of his failing
to do his dutv?
Mr. HOUSTON. Never.
Mr. DAVIS. What did you say?
Mr. HOUSTON. I said it was unfortunate to
carve out a superintendency there, but I said noth-
ing against the gentleman. Now, sir, this goes
out to the world as if I had availed myself of my
senatorial position wantonly to attack the char-
acter of an individual. As the Senator does not
know what it was, and asks me if I did not do it,
I tell him, no sir, I did not do it.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator did not attack the
charactcr of the agent of the Choctaws, then the
Senator from Arkansas and myself, who were his
principal auditors, were greatly mistaken.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would thank the Senator
to state the expression I used. f
Mr. DAVIS. I do not pretend to report your
speech. The reporter attends to that.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman has made a /
charge that I uttered a word disreputable to this
gentleman. I deny it completely. The inference
I drew, and which is the only thing that could be
construed into such a thing, was, that it was a
scheme to carvc out a new superintendency there.
I did not use the name of that gentleman; I do
not know him, as I have stated. I did say that he
had made this remonstrance, but that the Choc-
taws never did, and never wrote a protest. The
Senator from Arkansas concurred in it at the
"time it was made. I have used no epithets. I
have called him by no degrading name or term, and
I am not going to be charged indirectly with such *
things by any gentleman on this floor. I have
only to say to the gentleman, that if he belongs
to Ins peerage, I am satisfied he should claim it.
I have no ambition to belong to the peerage. I
belong to the House of Commons.
But, sir, I have assailed the character of no-
body. I said that that officer, for his disreputable
reply when he was called upon to give aid, by say-
ing that if they wanted protection he would go to
the fort and bring Indians to protect them, when
it was intended to give protection and sustain the
Indians in their reservations, deserved dismissal;
and he does. But that is not all. It is told us
on good and reliable information, that he informed
the Indians that they ought to stay on that reserve
with the hostile Indians, and if attacked that we
would go and defend them. It is a taunt unwor-
thy of chivalry or chivalrous men. I would thank
the gentleman from Mississippi hereafter, when
he undertakes to make an allegation against me,
that I have used expressions derogatory to a gen-
tleman, that he would at least be prepared to sus-
tain it.
Mr. DAVIS. Tf the Senator will permit me, I
will say to him that if he hud told me he did not
mean to arraign the official or private conduct of
the agent of the Choctaws, I should have said,
" certainly, sir, I am glad to know it;" but when
lie tells me nothing of the sort, all that I can say
is, that my ears must have vastly deceived me if I
am wrong, and I think the notes of the reporter
will sustain me.
Mr. HOUS TON. If the gentleman had asked
me, I would have said exactly what 1 say, with
pleasure. But when he makes a charge, I am not
prepared to notice an apology or disclaimer to it.
I will do exactly what is right on all occasions,
and I will assail the character of no individual
who has not furnished the official reasons for his
conduct. But I say, Mr. President, that this is
