1964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
this subjee.t was. before the committees of the two
Houses, and the House of Representatives passed
a bill for an enablingacttoauthorize the people of
the Territory of Oregon to proceed to form a consti-
tution and State government. The Territorial Le-
gislature of Oregon, presuming that the Senate
would concur in the action of the House of Repre-
sentatives, proceeded to call a convention. The
Committee on Territories of the Senate repoited
favorably on the bill of the House of Representa-
tives, and I presume it was lost here solely because
of the want of time on the last night of the ses-
sion. I tried very hard to get it up, and i think
that nothing but the want of time prevented its
passage. The Oregorf Legislature being in ses-
sion in the mean time, had taken it for granted, as
one House had passed an enabling act, that the
other would concur, and proceeded to call a con-
vention. The convention assembled and made the
constitution. They submitted it to the people for
ratification or rejection, and it was ratified by
a very large majority. These are the principal
facts.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit me
to ask him a question ? Has he any knowledge
of the number of votes given on the constitution ?
That might guide us.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir. The number of
votes given on the constitution was about eleven
thousand—perhaps one or two hundred less than
that number. lam informed by the Delegate that
there being no serious contest, it was not a full
vote. He thinks there are some seventy or eighty
thousand inhabitants there. The vote would in-
dicate about fifty or fifty-five thousand. I think
there is a larger proportion of women and children
in Oregon, in comparison with the number of
voters, than in any of the other Territories, for
the reason that it has been longer settled. Settle-
ments commenced there in 1832. They remained
with their provisional government up to 1848, and
then were created into a territorial government,
under the authority of law, and have been ten
years under a territorial government, it is a quiet,
stable community. A large portion of the people
are old settlers, whose families have grown up
around them, and there is a larger propoition of
women and children to the voters than in any
other Territory, and I think five to one would be
a very reasonable estimate. This would give a
population of fifty-five thousand, supposing el evert
thousand to have been a full vote. I am assured,
however, that it fell many thousand short of a full
vote. I have no question that Oregon has a pop-
ulation of ten or twenty thousand more than Kan-
sas, and 1 do not think, under the circumstances,
that it would become us to reject Oregon, with a
larger population, after having admitted Kansas,
when we take into consideration the fact that there
were no irregularities in Oregon; there has been
no rebellion, no turmoil, no controversy there.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Illinois, whether I understand him
to say that Kansas has been admitted as a State 5
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will answer the Senator
very unequivocally. So far as this Congress is
concerned, we have admitted Kansas, provided
the people there choose to come in under the law
we have passed. Whether they wtli or will not
do so, is a question for them to decide, and not
for me. If they desire to come in under that bill,
with that proposition, then our action is final and
conclusive; if not, she is not admitted.
But the point I was making was, that the popu-
lation of Oregon is certainly larger than that of
Kansas; and, after a bill has passed by which
Kansas may come in, if she chooses, with that
number of inhabitants, I did not expect to hear a
question raised with regard to Oregon, a Territory
where there has been no dispute about the regu-
larity of the proceedings; no dispute about their
loyal fidelity to the Government; no dispute but
that they were a stable, industrious, and law-
abiding commumty. Hence, I knew of no objec-
tion, except the strict, technical rule of popula-
tion; and that having: been waived m other cases,
1 supposed it would be waived in this. I am not
disposed to take time, and I shall not detain the
Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall vote for the admis-
sion of Oregon. I wish to state, however, in doing
so, that this is the last vote I shall ever give for
the admission of a State into the Union without a
census previously taken establishing that it has
the amount of population requisite on the repre-
sentative basis. I do so because I think, under
the circumstances of the case, it would be rather
an ungracious adherence to a rigid rule to require
that, since for the last two or three sessions Con-
gress has been acting on the admission of Kansas
with an agreement on all hands that it should be
admitted into the Union with a view of putting an
end to the disturbances there, although it was
conceded that the population was insufficient. In
this case of Oregon, without having any precise
and official information, it is evident that the pop-
ulation is a very respectable one in number—far
exceeding any attributed to Kansas; and if it does
not reach the representative basis, it is very near
it. Under the circumstances, I will give a vote
for the admission of this State; but I desire to put
myself on the record as protesting against any
extension of the principle. I shall hereafter op-
pose rigidly any such admissions.
Mr. GrWIN. Mr. President, we have no exact
information in regard to the population of Oregon;
but the Delegate of that Territory, who has re-
sided there ever since 1849, and has been, during
that whole period, either the Governor or the rep-
resentative of the Territory in the other House,
informs me that he has no doubt the population
equals eighty thousand persons. As stated by
the Senator from Illinois, there are more families
in that Territory than in any other Territory of
the Union: many more than there are in my own
State. Its settlementhas been much more gradual
than that of any of the new Territories: much
more so than in California. Instead of there being
only eleven thousand voters, as has been stated,
I have been told by the Delegate from Oregon that
they havecastasmanyas thirteen thousand votes;
and, estimating the population to be in the pro-
portion of six to each voter—which is a low esti-
mate—the population of Oregon is now about
eighty thousand.
Besides, this movement for a State constitution
has been taken very deliberately by the people of
Oregon Territory. The question was put to the
people three times whether they would ask to be
admitted as a State into the Union. Twice the
ppople voted against it, on the principle which was
alluded to by the Senator from Virginia, that they
did not at that time desire to assume the respons-
ibility and expenses of a State government. On
the third occasion they voted m favor of forming
a State constitution. They then elected delegates
to a convention; and those delegates submitted
their labors to the people, and a large majority of
the people voted in favor of the constitution. It
is impossible, without an enabling act, for a con-
stitution to come before Congress m a better form
and having received more deliberately the judg-
ment of a people. I doubt whether theie is a pop-
ulation in any of the Territories of the Union
better qualified for a State government. I have
been told that there are fifteen thousand land-
holders, farmers, in Oregon. We adopted a new
system in the settlement of that Territory—giving
donations of the public lands to actual settlers,
and it has resulted in filling it with farmers, sub-
stantial citizens who have homes, and have im-
proved them. I know of no Territory that is better
qualified for admission into the Union as a State
tnan Oregon, not even excepting Minnesota, for
whose admission the Senate passed a bill a few
weeks ago.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, there is a pro-
vision in the constitution of tins new State which,
as I understand, excludes people of African de-
scent, though free, from toleration in that State.
Against that, I wish to express my decided pro-
test, and to say that it is with regret that I give
a vote for the admission of a State which has that
feature in its constitution. At the same time the
State of Oregon is an old community, one of the
oldest, the first colony of ours on the Pacific coast.
It has, as has been so well said by the honorable
Senator from California, been a long time in the
process of settlement. The observation which I
have made concerning it, has been, that the com-
munity established there are peaceful, orderly,
competent to self-government. They are two
thousand miles from the center. It is not a good
thing to rc-tain provinces or colonies in depend-
ence on the Central Government, and m an infe-
rior condition a day or an hour beyond the time
when they are capable of self-government. The
longer the process of pupilage, the greater is the
effect which Federal patronage and Federal in-
fluence has upon the people of such a community.
I believe that the people of Oregon are as well
prepared to govern themselves as any people of
any new State which can come into the Union.
I do not think the matter of numbers is of im-
portance here. The numbers are estimated at
eighty thousand. The present ratio of represent-
ation is ninety-three thousand four hundred and
twenty. Eighty thousand is a practical compli-
ance even if that rule should be enforced; but I
shall never consent to establish for my own gov-
ernment any arbitrary rule with regard to the
number of population of a State. I can imagine
Stales which I would not admit with a million of
people, and I can imagine those which I would
admit with fifty thousand. These are my expla-
nations. I shall vote for the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the want
of a sufficient number to entitle the proposed
State to a Representative in the other House un-
der the existing ratio of representation, although
an objection in my mind, is, as the Senator from
New York has said, not an insuperable one. I
could get over that in some cases. At any rate I
do not choose to commit myself to require any
particular number at any one time, although I ac-
cede to the correctness of the principle. I have
always considered it as a very great inequality in
our system that a State should be admitted with
not a sufficient number of people to entitle it to
a single Representative under the existing ratio,
and yet that it should bring two Senators on this
floor. It seems to me to be disturbing the bal-
ance which was provided originally in the Con-
stitution between the States.
However, sir, I am not disposed to speak of
that point any further, because it would not in-
fluence my action in all cases. 1 cannot vote for
the admission of Oregon under this constitution
on another ground, and that is the ground which
has been alluded to by the Senator from New
York. I not only look upon it wi b regret, but
to my mind the difficulty is insuperable. I do not
believe in the doctrine of self-government to the
extent which allows one portion of the citizens of
the United States to interfere with the rights of
another portion of the citizens of the United States.
I do not hold, cither in substance or in form, to
any extent whatever, to the doctrines of the Dred
Scott opinion. I believe, as I have before stated
on this floor, that that opinion is a perversion of
all law,ofall fact,and of all history,and that there
is nothing m it which should entitle it to my re-
spect as a decision of the court under any circum-
stances—neither m the opinion itself, nor in the
reasons given for it, nor in the mode m which it
was procured; but I do not intend to enlarge on
that point.
By the laws of Maine, and under the constitu-
tion of the State of Maine, ftce negroes are citi-
zens—just as much citizens of the Slate of Maine
as white men. It has been so solemnly decided
by the highest tribunal of our State, since the de-
cision in the Dred Scott case The supreme court
of Maine has decided that they are entitled to all
the privileges, that they stand upon a perfect equal-
ity with white men, under the constitution and
laws of that State. They are voters, arid recog-
nized as citizens under the terms of the constitu-
tion, which allows any citizen to vote. Thete is
a clause in the constitution now presented from
Oregon which prohibits free negroes from coming
into the State ant3 residing theie; and it therefoie
prohibits a portion of the citizens of the State of
Maine from going to Oiegon. I cannot vote for
the admission of any State with a constitution
which prohibits any poi tion of my fellow-citizens
of my own State from the enjoyment of the priv-
ileges which other citizens of the State have, and
which the citizens of every other State have.
Hence, sir, inasmuch as a portion of the people
that I represent, the free citizens of the State of
Maine, cannot, by the provisions of this consti-
tution, be allowed to go into Oregon to reside,
under any circumstances, it is an insupetabie
objection to my mind, and I cannot vote foi the
admission of Oregon as a State with such a con-
stitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President as I shall
vote against the admission of Oregon, at the pres-
ent time, I wish to state that I shall not do so for
the reasons stated by the Senators from New
York and Maine. There are many reasons why
