1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2<
not applying the rule to these Indians at all. This
territory was ceded and subject to the regulations
of I he President of the United States, and the
President of the United States, in a treaty, has
ceded to the Indians, or they have reserved it,
that they are to settle and occupyit as they had
previously done, or are to have an intercourse for
any of their inhabitants that they should gather
together there, subject to the regulations made by
the President of the United States. It is trench-
ing upon them to settle'other Indians there. As
they lie along our borders on the west and south
line near to our agency, and as they wish to be
connected with our Indians, I think it is better to
allow them to be connected with them than to
have them at war with us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
The question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Texas.
Mr. IVERSON. "What is the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jimlbeit further enacted, That the superintendent and
asents within ttie ^-upeiinrenileney of Texas shall be here-
after appointed iu the *au>e manner as other Mipeitntend-
ontb and agents are appointed and confirmed; ami that the
YVitciiita agency is> hereby attached to the superintendency
ofTe\d*.
The question being put, on a division there
were—ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays.
We seem to be without a quorum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is evidently a quo-
rum present.
Mr- STUART. They will not vote. I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no. We have got a
quorum.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. GREEN. I ask for a division of the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, is on the first branch of the amendment;
which the Secretary will read.
The Secretary read as follows:
And be xt further enacted, That tho superintendent and
ascnts within the sup'jrintendi>ncy of Te\a< hhall be heie
aUer appointed m the same manner as oth^i supeimtend-
ents and agents are appointed and confiiuied.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am very certain, from
the indifference manifested upon this question,
and from the chaiacter of the vote as evinccd by
the last division, that the Senate do not probably
compiehend the question which has raised a di-
vision of opinion between my colleague and the
Senator from Texas. This proposition embraces
two branches. The first is to elevate what is
now a special agency for the Indians of Texas
into a supenntendency, which will be attended
with an met ease of the salary of that officer $],U00.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not a cent. I assure the
gentleman that it will not increase the salary of
the supervising- agent.
Mi.-SEBASTIAN. Then I withdraw the re-
maik. It certainly intends to convert a special
agency for the Indians of Texas into a superin-
tendency. The Senator from Texas disavows
any intention to increase his salary. That is but
a question of time as we know, sir; if it is not
done now, that it will be, as a legitimate conse-
quence, next Congress
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think that is an objec-
tion to changing the character of that officer. As
the Senator from Mississippi well remaiked, the
jurisdiction there is peculiar. Whatever we do
is ex gratia. Texas claims jurisdiction over the
Stare and the Indians; and when the Legislature
apportioned small districts of the country for the
occupation of the Indians, the United States
stepped in with the same spirit of liberality, and
made an appropriation of from fifty to seventy-
live thousand dollars for the maintenance of the
Indians upon those reservations. The whole of
-that is a gratuity, and not the discharge of any
obligation to support or maintain the Indians over
winch .she maintained jurisdiction, and over whom
Texas still claims jurisdiction; and for the same
reason Mr. Neighbors, an eminently practical
man for Indian affairs, I must admit, is called
special agent for the Indians of Texas, and is the
only officer in the administration ol Indian affairs
who m known by that anomalous term.
Now, Mr. President, the Choctaws, in 1855,
ceded a portion of their western territory, which
happens to lie north of Texas and out of the ju-
risdiction of that State, for the purpose of settling
theWitchetas and other wild tribes, who were
then located upon the territory, and that was at-
tached to the southern superintendency, where it
had always belonged. The southern superintend-
ent is a public officer under the jurisdiction of the
Federal Government. The allowances are under
the jurisdiction of the Federal Government, and
they are apportioned to the Indians for whom the
Federal Government is bound to care and provide.
You destroy the harmony of the system entirely
oy attacmng Indians upon a part of the public do-
main of the United States to the superintendency
of the special agent for a State over whose Indians
the Federal Government has no jurisdiction what-
ever.
Then, again, some three or four years ago—I
state from recollection—upon my report as chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, this
whole matter of defining the boundaries of super-
intendences, locating of agencies, and the posi-
tion of superintendents, was conferred upon the
Secretary of the Interior, who was bound, as a
matter of administration, to determine these things
according to his own judgment and discretion.
By the existing law, therefore, he is competent
to determine this very question, which the Sen-
ator from Texas has raised here. I understand
the fact to be, that an application has been made
to him, and deliberately rejected by the Secretary
of the Interior, and now we have an appeal from
the Secretary of the Interior to the revisory power
of the Legislature of the country. I see no reason,
if this be done, why we do not step aside from
our legitimate duties and interfere with matters
of administration under the supervision of all the
Departments. If we can alter the boundaries of
a mere superintendency, a mere question of ad-
ministration to be determined by the Secretary of
the Interior, I do not see why we may not over-
leap the boundary and intrench on those of the
War or Navy Departments, and command a cer-
tain regiment to be stationed at a certain place,
or a certain ship to sail from a certain port. This
is simnly the question involved.
I hope, therefore, Mr. President, that we will
not mar the beauty and hatmony of t!*-' system
of legislation by attempting to treat here of a mat-
ter which belongs entirely to the administrative
powers of a Federal officer; that we will not at-
tempt to govern him in the exercise of a discretion
already conferred upon him, and in the exercise
of which he has undoubtedly greater facilities
than we have. That is now the real issue be-
tween the Senator from Texas and my colleague.
Mr. HOUSTON I will remark that we have
the decision of the Secretary of the Interior pro-
posing to attach this to the Texan superintend-
ency. We have the recommendation of General
Rusk, and upon that recommendation of facts it
was stated that the Secretary made his decision.
He has now revoked it; and that is just tiie posi-
tion of the subject. The question is, whether it
is necessary to the harmony of that portion of
the country that the Witchita agency should re-
main as it is, or should be attached to one imme-
diately connected with it, wjjich would give peace
to all the entire frontier, and save millions every
year to the country?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the first branch of the amendment offered by
the Senator from Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays,
and thev were ordered; and being taken resulted
—yeas 22, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Brodenck, Chandler, Clingman,
Coliamer, Fuzpamck, Foster, Green, Hailan, flajrie,
Houston, Johu-on or Tonne—t-e, Kennedy, Polk. Reid,
Rice, Simmons, Thomp-on of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade,
YVil-on, and Yulee—'22.
NAYS—Mc^rs. Benjamin. Bigler, Clay. Davis, Fes«en-
den, Fiteh, Foot, 11 tmim. Hunter, lveraon, Mason, Pugh.
Sebastian, and Sjtuait—14.
So the first branch of the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the second branch of the amend-
ment m the following words:
" And that the Witelnta agency is hereby attached to the
supenntendency of Texas.'1
Mr. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted,
—yeas 15, nays 22, as follows: \
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Brodenck, Fitzpatrick, Hntiarf, \
Houston, Johnston of Tennessee, Kennedy, King, Polk, \
Reid, Simmons, Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, Watle, J|
and Wilson—15. *
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigler, Clay, Ciingman,
Davis, Fessenden, Pitch, Foot, Foster, Green, Ilamlm,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Mason. Pearce,
Pugh, Rice, Sebastian, Slide!!, Stuart, and Wright—22.
So the second branch of the amendment was
rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
REVENUE COLLECTION BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the message from the House
of Representatives announcing; the action of the
House on the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 466) making appropriations for
the expenses of collecting the revenue from cus-
toms.
The first amendment of the Senate was to strike
out the first section of the original bill, which was
in the following words:
" That, instead of the appropriation for the expenses of
collecting the revenue from customs for the half year, from
the 1st day of January, 1858, to the 1st day of July, 1858,
contained in the joint resolution approved on the 14th day
of February, 1850, there be, and hereby is, appropriated for
the expenses of collecting the revenue from customs for
said half year, the sum of $1,600,000, payable out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to-
gether with such sums as may be received from storage,
cartage, <lra\age, and labor said half year."
And in heu of it to insert:
That there be. and hereby is, appropriated for the ex-
penses of collecting the revenue from customs for each half
\ ear, the sum of#1 ,f>90,U00, payable out of any moneys m
the Treasury not otherwise appiopnated, together with such
Miin^ a- maj be icceived from stoiage, caitage, and labor
fix said half year.
The House of Representatives concurred in this
amendment with an amendment restoring the
words of the original section with the single ex-
ception of substituting $1,800,000 for $1,600,000.
The second amendment of the Senate was to
strike out the second section of the original bill,
as follows:
Sec 2. Jind belt further erfneted, That there be, and
heieby i&, annually appiopuated for tin1 expanse of collect-
ing the leveime lioni customs.tor each and everv fiscal year,
i fiom the 1st day of July, 1858, the yum of .$4,000,000, pay-
able out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise appro-
i priated, until otherwise ordered by Jaw, together with t-uch
sums as may be received Irom storage, caitage, drayage, and
labor, for each fi.-cal year ; Provided, That fioin and after
the said 1st day of July, 18j8, all laws and parts of Jaws
which authorize tho payment of the expenses oi any portion
of the expenses of collecting the revenue trom customs to
any port or ports on the Pacific coat-t of the United States
out of the accnnn? revenue, belore the same is paid into
the Tieasury, shall be, and hereby are, repealed."
And in heu of it to insert:
Jind he it further enacted, That from and after the said
1st day of' July, 13)8, all laws and parts of laws which au-
thorize thp payment of tho expenses, oi any portion nf the
evpen^e> of collecting the levenue from customs, to any
port or ports on the Pacific coa:>t of the United States, out
of the accruing revenue before the fame is paid into the
Tiea>ury, shall be, and hereby are, icpealed."
The House of Representatives concurred in
this amendment.
The House of Representatives disagreed to the
fourth amendment of the Senate, which was to
insert the following as an additional section:
Jlnd he it further enacted. That no collector of the cus-
toms, deputy' collector, naval ottieer, deputy naval officer,
suive\or, deputy surveyor, general appiaiser, superintend-
ent of warehou-fs, or anv other officer or person engaged
m the collection ot the leveuue, shall receive a greater
compensation than is now paid to the officer.- and pci>ons
engaged m wild service at tho port of New York : Provided,
Tiiafthis section shall not be so construed as to increase
the compensation of any officer ot the customs, or ot any
person engaged in the collection thereot.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
taken on the amendments separately. It will be
remembered that the Senate amended the revenue
collection bill so as to appropriate $1,500,000 everv
six months, instead of $2,000,000 every six
months, as proposed in the original bill. The
House further amend that amendment, by insert-
ing $1,800,000 instead of $1,500,000, so as to make
the appropriation for the expenses of collecting
the revenue amount to $3,600,000. That is about
the sum, less by some twenty or thirty thousand
dollars, that was expended m collecting the rev-
enue in the year 1857. 1 will state that, since
1354—I believe since 1853—the expenses were
