880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25.
State, is declared to be a ground of exclusion from a seat
in the Legislature. In some of the States it is the commis-
sion of the crime which disqualifies; in others and the greater
part, a conviction is also necessary. The offegse which,
more commonly than any other, is made a disqualification,
is that-of bribery in obtaining an office or appointment.
" Expulsion from a former or from the same legislative
assembly cannot be regarded as a personal disqualification,
unless specially provided by law."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will now
read from the Journal. It seems that there were
three resolutions in the case. I begin with the sec-
ond resolution.
" Resolved, That Orsamus B. Matteson, in declaring
that a large number of the members of this House had asso-
ciated themselves together, and pledged themselves each to
the other, not to vote for any law or resolution granting
money or lands unless they were paid for it, has falsely and
willfully assailed and defamed the character of this House,
and has proved himself unworthy to be a member thereof.
" And the question being put, Will the House agree
thereto ?
" It was decided in the affirmative.
So the second resolution^vas agreed to.
" Mr. Warner moved that the votes by which the first
and second resolutions were agreed to, be reconsidered, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
; " The third resolution was then read, as follows:
" Resolved, That Orsamus B. Matteson, a member of
this House from the State ofNew Yoik, be, and he is hereby,
expelled therefrom.
" Pending which, on motion of Mr. Orr,
" Ordered, That the said resolution be laid on the ta-
ble."
Mr. SEWARD. The law which I have laid
down as being in force in this country was re-
garded as law in Great Britain up to the time of
the passage of the British act of Parliament which
now governs the matter. If gentlemen will take
the trouble to look at Rogers's Law of Elections,
they will find that the same principles are laid
down as I have read from this book. But an act
of Parliament was passed attaching permanent
disqualification to members of the British Parlia-
ment who have been convicted of crime.
Now, if there is any trouble about this ques-
tion, the fault is in our legislation. When this
offense took place, and when the House of Rep-
resentatives felt called upon to vindicate itself by
arraigning those members before it for trial, if the
crime wag considered sufficient for their expul-
sion, and if their entire exclusion was intended
to be carried out in the future, they should have
passed a law classifying the crimes conviction for
which should work perpetual disqualification. I
now move to refer the preamble and resolution to
a select committee of five.
Mr. STANTON. I am not yet prepared, Mr.
Speaker, to vote for the expulsion or censure of
a member for an offense committed against a
former Congress. Although committees of the
present House have been raised, with a view to
inquire into the conduct of members of the past
Congress, still I consider that their whole au-
thority is limited to developing and disseminating
before the public such corruptions as may have
been practiced in that Congress. I do not con-
sider myself bound, if any such developments are
made, to vote for the expulsion of a member for
offenses against a past Congress. I regard that
as really a matter of secondary importance. The
great object to be attained in all these congres-
sional investigations is, that the public may be
informed of the acts of their Representatives in
their official capacity. But, sir, whether that be
within the rightful power of the House or not,
there is one thing to my mind perfectly clear.
That is, that the House should keep within the
spirit of the Constitution and the rule of the com-
mon law, and that no man should be twice tried
and punished for the same offense. Now, what-
ever offense Mr. Matteson may have been guilty
of against the House of Representatives, he has
already been arraigned, tried, convicted, and pun-
ished for it. Although we may not be strictly
bound by the constitutional provision which is ap-
plicable to the courts of law, yet it seems to my
mind that the spirit of that rule, and the prin-
ciples of abstract justice, applicable to all pro-
ceedings, criminal and penal, of this character,
are appropriate to the case before the House.
Therefore, for the purpose of testing the sense ;
of the House on the question as to whether it j
will take jurisdiction of it, as to whether it will '
inquire into an offense that has been once inquired
into, investigated, tried, and decided, I move that
this resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. HUGHES. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that those who are not prepared
to vote on the resolution can hardly be prepared
to vote on that motion.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Will the gen-
tleman withdraw that motion, and allow me to
have the floor ?
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman from Lou-
isiana will renew it, I will yield.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. If the gentle-
man from Ohio desires me to renew his motion to
lay on the table, I will do so; as, under the rules
of the House, the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Harris] will be entitled to make the closing
speech.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to lay on the
table, which would preclude any further debate.
Mr. STANTON. I will withdraw my motion
unconditionally, and let the gentleman from Lou-
isiana take the floor.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker,
the subject now presented for the consideration
of the House is a grave one. It is one which has
attracted the attention of the House at various
periods during our national existence; and cir-
cumstances which are fresh in the recollection of
all who were members of the last Congress, had
the effect of directing the attention of many of us
in a peculiar manner to it during the sessions of
that Congress.
I happen to be one of those individuals who
occupied such a position, that I was induced to
investigate the subject for the purpose of arriving
at a satisfactory conclusion in my own mind as to
the power of the House. The conclusion which
I then arrived at, the principles which I recog-
nized in my own"*mind, and which I determined
should be for the future the rule of my conduct,
all operate upon me now; and before saying any-
thing on the question, before entering into any
argument on the principles involved, I wish sim-
ply to refer to the fact that in the proceedings had
before the last Congress, m reference to the par-
ticular individualwhose conduct is now beforeus,
and in reference to other individuals, I was not
to bo found among those who voted for the ex-
pulsion of a member for any cause that was then
set forth.
Mr. Speaker, the case before us is one of a char-
acter eminently fitted to secure a proper and fair
decision upon this important question. The facts
in it have long since transpired. The excitement
which grew out of their disclosure has passed
away. We are called upon in our legislative ca-
pacity to act on thatquestion when our judgment is
110 longer clouded by the mist of passion, and when
it can no longer be disturbed by the temporary
excitement of the moment. I imagine there can
be no doubt about the conduct of the person with
respect to whom this question growsup. It is the
■universal opinion of the members of this House,
as I presume it is of the citizens of the country,
that he was guilty of conduct disgraceful to an
American citizen, and which could not be for one
moment tolerated in one who is to act as a rep-
resentative of his fellows in the discharge of high
legislative functions. But as important questions
arc often involved and often settled when action
is invoked in respect to individuals whose con-
duct is admitted upon all hands to be unworthy,
I propose now to pass away from the conduct of
this person for the purpose of considering the
question as to the right and the power we have,
and the expediency of exercising any power over
the subject-matter.
Mr. Speaker, legislative assemblies, according
to my notion, have no inherent powers. There
never was, nor can there be, a body which exer-
cises, from its mere constitution, any power. The
powers exercised by legislative bodies, with a
view to enable them to discharge their appropriate
functions, have in all instances been the result of
convention. They have been conferred on them
by law. That was the case in Great Britain,
where we have the first instance of the existence
of parliamentary bodies. It is true, sir, that when
you attempt to examine into the historical records
of Great Britain, you cannot go back to a period
when you find the legislative enactments which
conferred those powers; but you find, scattered
through the whole system of British jurispru-
dence, unmistakable evidence that the decisions
in relation to those subjects were, in all instances,
the accustomed decisions of their judicial tribu-
nals, and of their parliamentary assemblies, found-
ed upon powers granted by the express will of the
people, or governing power.
While it is not possible for us to reach the ori-
gin of those powers in the Parliament of Great
Britain, while the origin of those powers is in-
volved in darkness—the darkness of the ages of
ignorance, the darkness of that period when there
were no historical records which have come down
to us—the process has gone on*if I may use the
expression, under our own eyes in this Republic.
When our fathers settled upon American soil,
they brought with them the notions, the views,
the principles, which had filled their bosoms while
they were members of the political community
which then occupied the island of Great Britain.
What was the spectacle presented when they did
settle and organize new political communities? If
you refer to the history of the individual colonies,
will you find that, when legislative assemblies were
organized, those legislative assemblies proceeded
to exercise the powers which are now believed to
belong to legislative bodies > Did they exercise any
power for protecting their members against vio-
lence, for the purpose of giving them security while
they were transacting public business, as necessa-
rily inherent in them? Not at all; but when you
refer to the colonial records, you will find, in every
instance, in proportion as the necessity for any
particular protection was discovered, that protec-
tion was extended by legislation. In the various
colonies, (and I have taken a great deal of pains
to trace their history,) it will be found that, within
a very few years after the organization of these
different legislative assemblies, they provided the
means of punishing individuals who should at-
tempt to interfere with members in going to and
returning from legislative assemblies. They pro-
vided means for punishing individuals who dis-
turbed them for what they did in the course of the
discharge of their public duty. This was univer-
sal with all of the colonies. The powers were the
result of convention. They were the result of par-
ticular and special grants.
Now, the States which came into existence on
the separation of the American colonies from the
mother country, adopted constitutions, in which
they embodied the then existing provisions of law
in respect to these matters. When you refer to
the first constitutipns adopted by the States, you
will discover that there was great diversity in the
powers conferred by them upon the various le-
gislative assemblies; as, for example, you will
find that the State of Pennsylvania, under the con-
stitution adopted at the time ofits becoming a sov-
ereign State, conferred upon its Legislature the
power to expel for disorderly conduct alone. You
will find the constitution of Maryland conferred
the same power; and, in addition to it, conferred
the power to expel for a great misdemeanor, but
not a second time for the same offense. You
will find that the constitution of the State of Geor-
gia conferred the power to expel for disorderly
conduct, or on conviction of an individual for an
infamous crime. The constitutions of Massachu-
setts and New Hampshire contained no provis-
ions giving the power to expel.
And now I would ask gentlemen who are to
decide on the construction to be given to those
great instruments of government, whether it will
be pretended by any individual that the power to
expel was the same in Pennsylvania, when the
constitution gave the power to expel for disor-
derly conduct,thatit was m Maryland, when, in
addition .to that power, the power was given to
expel for a great misdemeanor? Will it be pre-
tended that the same power existed in the State
of Maryland which was conferred upon the Legis-
lature of Georgia, when, m the constitution of
Georgia, the power was given to expel for dis-
orderly conduct, and in case of a conviction for
an infamous crime? According to my notion,
the plainest rules of construction make it certain
that the provisions contained in the different con-
stitutions, which were of various characters, gave
different powers, and that each legislative as-
sembly was restricted to the power which was
specially conferred. Any other conclusion than
this would stultify the framers of constitutions.
Mr. DAWES. I will refer the gentleman to a
late decision of the supreme court of Massachu-
setts which may throw some light upon the sub-
ject. The constitution of Massachusetts contains
no such provision.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I was speaking
