2990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
'never less than §3,500,000. I hope the Senate will
concur in that amendment of the House to our
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hold in my hand the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, showing
that the expenses in collecting these revenues
were much less than the Senator from Virginia
seems to suppose.
Mr. HUNTER. I took my statement from the
Secretary of the Treasury. The Senator, per-
haps, has fallen into the mistake of not adding
the expenses in California to those on the Atlantic
coast. The expenses on the Atlantic coast have
been less since 1854; but if the Senator will add
the expenses in California, and on the Atlantic
coast, he will find that since then they have never
been less than $3,500,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I find,Mr.President, that,
in 1851, the receipts from customs amounted to
$49,017,567, and the whole expense of collecting
to $1,882,000. I find, also 
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator has fallen into
the mistake I mentioned. He will find that during
that same year $1,300,000 were spent in Califor-
nia, making upwards of three million dollars. If
he will examine into the matter, he will see that
my statement is correct, that since 1854 the ex-
penditures have not been less than $3,500,"000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe the expenses
have been veiy much reduced there sincc that
time. I understand they have been reduced sev-
eral hundred thousand dollars. I
Mr. HUNTER. They arc reduced on the Cal- j
ifornta coast, but have been increased on the At- ;
lantic. If the Senator will take those years and !
add the sum collected on the two coasts, he will 1
find as I stated that it is not less than that amount.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, sir, 1 insist if it :
costs $3,60U,000 to collect $40,000,000 of revenue
that u is too much; that die expense of collecting
should beat some comparison with the amount
collected. [ find that in 1850 the whole expense
of collecting the revenue of the country was only
five per cent. It is now proposed to appropriate
$3,600,000 which will amount to nine per cent,
upon the whole estimated revenue of the coming
year. In no single year, from 1650 to 1857, did
the expense of collecting the revenue amount to
over six percent.,and herea proposition is made
to swell this amount to nine per cent, on the
whole revenue of the countiv from customs.
I hope (hat it will not prevail, for I believe
the amount insetted in the bill by the Senate—
$3,000,000—altogether too large. I believe that
$2,240,000 is more than is required for collecting
the revenue of the coming year. I believe a whole
army of supernumeraries mightbe dismissed from
the custom-houses along the Atlantic slope. This
enormous expenditure of $3,000,000 might safely
be reduced to $2,450,000. I admit 1 was in error
in regard to the expense for California. I was not
aware of that. I supposed the whole amount was
included here. I find the expenses upon the At-
lantic slope as the Senator from Virginia states
them to bo. The expenses upon the Atlantic slope
in 1851 forcoliecting $49,017,567 were §1,883,000.
In 1859, for collecting $47,01)0,000, they were
#9,093,000. In 1853, for collecting $58,000,000,
which is $18,000,000 more than the estimated rev-
enue for the coming year, the whole expense of
collecting on the Atlantic coast was $2,366,000.
The proposition now under consideration is to
give $3,000,000 for the collection of $40,000,000.
Sir, it is enormous. To appropriate nine per cunt,
upon the whole amount collected for the expense
of the collection of the revenue of this Government,
is perfectly outrageous. I hope the amendment of
the House will not prevail, and that we shall ad-
here to our amendment giving $3,000,000. Were
it not too late, 1 should move to reduce the amount
to $2,450,000, which would be *>200,000 more than
it cost to collect $58,000,000 in 1853. I hope the
Senate will adhere to its original proposition of
$3,000,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. " Will the Sen-
ate concur in the amendment of.the House to the
amendment of the Senate?"
Mr. WILSON. 1 must ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. If we concur in the amend-
ment, that will leave the amount at $3,600,000,
will it not? I
Mr. SIMMONS. Those in favor of retaining
the $3,000,000 appropriation will vote " nay," I
suppose.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir; those in favor of
the proposition reducing it to $3,000,000 will
vote "nay,'* and those in favor of increasing
the amount, and allowing $3,600,000, will vote
" yea."
Mr. STUART. I beg the attention of the Sen-
ate for a single moment. I shall vote for this
motion; and I wish to state, in a few words, why
I'shall do so. As the bill came here before, it ap-
propriated for an indefinite period $4,000,000 an-
nually, for collecting the revenue. As it stands
, now, it simply appropriates $4,000,000 for one
year. The House has amended our section which
we substituted for the remainder of the bill by
adding that amount to it. I am willing to, try it
for one year; and if it can then be reduced very
: readily, without injury to the Government, I will
vote to reduce it.
Mr. TOOMBS. That the expenses of the col-
■ lectio~h of the revenue have passed all reasonable
bounds is an undeniable fact; but the idea of tak-
ing an absolute sum without any reference to the
wants of the service or the laws of the land, it
seems to rue, is a very injudicious way of reduc-
ing them. I was willing myself to make some
measure of reduction, and I am willing to indi-
cate my opinion that the existing state of things
does not answer. But in looking into this ques-
tion, it is very apparent that the fault for the last
five or six years has been with Congress them-
selves; and I believe those gentlemen who are
most clamorous about the expense have gone on
and by law have created, time and again, every
session, ports of entry and delivery.
Mr. STUA RT. Ports of delivery generally.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, they are generally ports
of delivery. In all those you create new offices;
and yet these gentlemen never voted for any of
them !
Mr. SIMMONS. I never voted for one of
them.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, like many other things,
they always pass; and when I utter opposition to
them, I find but dull ears in the Senate. They
pass somehow. Nobody votes for them, and yet
they get on the statute-book. I may not be ac-
, curate as to the amount, but,.I believe, during the
' Inst four or five years, you have doubled the ports
of delivery in the United States. They have got
to be paid for. You have made the office, and
you are compelled to pay the man according to
the usual scale elsewhere. An executive officer
, says here is a port of delivery, and you must have
a Government officer there, as was the case at the
: last session, where a man had to be appointed at
a plape in the West, somewhere on the Ohio t iver.
: An act of Congress directs it, and it must be done.
Revenue has to be paid there by the order of
Congress, and the Government must appoint offi-
cers there; otherwise they will be charged, as they
, were by my honorable friend from New York
. [Mr. Ki\*g] some time ago, with violating the
laws of Congress. He said, " here is a law for
, the erection of custom-houses, which is not car-
ried out."
In this very case it would be impossible to re-
| duce it by naming an absolute sum. I presume
every one of the appropriations is for the pay-
■ •ment of something which is put down in the Blue
; Book. Whatever is put do wn there has to be paid
i for. If the Government officers refuse to do it at
' a particular place, we shall hear another clamor
| in the Senate about the dispensing power; that
! they are acting like James II. when he dispensed
i with the laws of the land; and that a free country
; ought not to have a dispensing power. Congress
j ordered it, they say, and it must be done whether
' there is money or not. That has been theargu-
i ment of several gentlemen around me during this
j session. I think, about ten years ago, when I
, was on the Committee of Ways and Means in the
1 House of Representatives, we brought down the
' expenditure on the Atlantic coast to $1,750,000.
At the next session, in order to carry this
$1,750,000, we cutoff here and there, and abol-
ished offices here and there; and the whole Con-
gress gathered together m one solid body, like a
band of mad bulls, against our action. Everyone
said, 44 do not strike me down; retrench in every
place but right here; cut somebody else down."
j Like a boil, the retrenchment was never on the
right place. Every place, according to some gen-
tlemen, was the worst place at which it could be
commenced.
If you want to retrench at New York, a gentle-
man from South Carolina or Georgia will think
it is probably a very good place; but if you want
to retrench at Savannah, he can find a great many
places where it had better be commenced than at
Savannah. If you want to retrench at New Or-
leans, the magnitude of its business will be ex-
plained to us very graphically, as it was the other
day by my friend over the way from the 'city of
New^Orleans, [Mr. Slidell;] for then he insist-
ed, probably with a great deal of justice, that New
Orleans cannot get along with the present force,
she wants more officers. An excuse was given
here why certain officers had not discharged theii
duty, by which honest men were to be mulcted
in great sums of money, that we had not officers
enough to do the duty, and they insisted upon
putting a great burden on honest people upon the
ground that the Government did not furnislj offi-
cers enough to inquire into frauds on the revenue.
Though, in common with the Senate, I am for
a reduction, and voted for it, I think the proper
plan is, to keep it on its present basis. The prop-
osition ro bring California on the same basis with
New York is a wise one, and I will vote for that
now because I know it is right; but as to reduc-
ing the whole amount, it is only in extreme cases
that we ought to do it. The House of Represent-
atives says I will give you $3,600,000, and then
let the Committee on Commerce, or whatever
committee has charge of this business, present a
new schedule. I have no doubt you have two or
three hundred men in New York that ought not
to be there. I have no doubt m the world that
you have more at Savannah than are needed.
There is a constant pressure on the Government
to inciease them, because gentlemen have their
friends there, and they are offices that are sought
by their constituents. Why? Because serving
the public is not paid for as labor on generous
and liberal principles; but a scavenger about your
j Capitol, a man that you could get for thirty dol-
lars a month, you pay a thousand dollars a year.
When you create an office there are a thousand ap-
plicants for it. An honest laboring man is not run-
ning about to get employment from you, if you
do not pay him more than anybody else. A man
who could not earn a sixpence in any honest em-
ployment, we give a thousand dollars a year to
as inspector in one of our towns; and then he
comes to a member of Congress or the Senate, to
make it $1,500, because, being an officer of the
Government, he must live respectably, and must
live like aguntleman. Surely you would not have
your officers do otherwise. They must keep fast
horses to trot in two forty, or inside of three min-
utes at least. Of course you could not expect
the clerks in youi Departments here to live in
any other way. The reason of all this is, because
you have departed from the great fundamental
principle, on which yon ought to pay everybody.
Pay what that kind of labor and talent is worth,
and then there will be no struggle; then honest
men will not be pressing you for offices, because
they can serve somebody else as well as you, and
recuive as good pay.
Therefore, I suppose, under existing circum-
stances, we had better let the amount m the bill
stand at what the House has put it, although I
would prefer the other than get into a squabble
when we have not got the information on which
to act. As to these schedules which the Senator
from Michigan makes about collecting ^58,000,000
of revenue for so much money, and therefore that
we ought to collect $40,000,000 for less, that Sen-
ator knows, or ought to know, that the expense
of collection at a particular piace does not depend
on the amount of revenue collected. The same
officers in New York could collect $100,000,000
as easily as $40,000,000. It would not require
i another man. A great many of your officers are *
on preventive service, to prevent smuggling and
protect the revenue. If you put it on the basis
that because at a certain place you do not collect
more than five thousand dollars, therefore you
should not pay more, it would be a very absurd
thing, and would let in a sluice of smuggling. A
great deal of this is preventive service; and but
for it, there would be the largest and mostinordi-
