1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1967
whale ships to the Pacific ocean. Everywhere
where the commerce of my State goes, these men
sail on board our ships.
Mr. MASON. As cooks and stewards.
Mr. WILSON. Some of them as cook?, some
of them as stewards, and some of them as sailors,
and braver or better sailors do not exist in the
country than the colored sailors who maybe found
in New Bedford and other sea-ports of Massachu-
setts. They are as good sailors as their fathers
were good soldiers in the days of the Revolution.
The Senator from Virginia will remember that at
the celebration at Bunker Hill in June last, which
he attended, Governor Everett spoke on that day
of the services of a poor, humole, colored man,
who shot down Major Pitcairn, on the 17th of
June, 1775, and that touching allusion by the
graceful orator was gratefully received by the vast
throng, and I doubt not it was as gratefully recog-
nized by the Senator as by any other person.
Bancroft, in the seventh volume of the history of
the United States, just published, says:
" Nor should history forger, to record tiiat, as in the army
at Cambndge, so also m iIjh gallant band, the Iree negroes
of the colony had then representatives, For the light of
free negroes to boar anrn in the public defense was at that
day as little disputed in New £u«land as their other rights.
They took theii place, not m a sepai ate eoips, but in the
rank* with the white man, and thou n.unes may he lead on
thf pension imh of the cnu'itry, 'ode by side with those of
other soldiers of the Revolution."
There arc hundreds of men in Massachusetts,
the descendants of men who foughtin the ranks
of our fathers in the Revolution; who fought on
board your ships of war in the last war with Great
Britain—the descendants of men who gave their
lives and their blood-to the independence and lib-
erties oftliis country;and they, in Massachusetts,
have enjoyed the benefits for which their ances-
tors fought. If the descendants of those brave
men should go on board a whale ship, go to the
Pacific ocean,land in Oregon, in stress of weather,
it may be, go on shore, be smitten down, nearly
murdered, by white villains, without cause, they
cannot maintain a suit in the courts of that State.
They may be abused, they may be murdered,
any outrage may be inflicted, any indignity may
be put upon them, but they cannot maintain a suit
in the courts of that State to protect them in their
personal rights. Is this not inhuman, unchris-
tian, devilish ? I cannot vote to sanction a prop-
osition which outlaws men for no crime.
Now, sir, is there a slave State that has such a
provision in her constitution or laws? There
may be; I do not know. I say, Mr. President,
that it is inhuman, it is unchristian, it is unworthy
a free State, and while free States, or States call-
ing themselves free, make such provisions, main-
tain such inhuman enactments, I advise them all
to close their mouths against the system of sla-
very in the United States. When I give my voice
or my vote to maintain any such outrages or any
such wrongs, I will close my lips forever against
slavery in any portion of the country. If we arc
opposed to slavery as a violation of human rights:
(and if we are opposed to it at all we are opposed
to it on that broad ground;) if we are opposed to it
because it violates the rights of man, we had bet-
ter put our own States and our own public sen-
timents right, before we arrange others.
I cannot vote for the admission of Oregon into
the Union with this constitution, though I do not
wish to vote against the admission of ? free State.
I would welcome free States, even if they have
not constitutions precisely as I would like them,
and trust to the influences of time; but I cannot
give my vote for a State that has adopted a provis-
ion not only excluding these men, but denying to
them the right, if they land there but for an hour,
the right to sue in the courts of the State, for the
protection of their persons, theprotection of their
lives against lawless violence. I may refrain from
voting, for I do not wish to vote against the ad-
mission of a free State into this Union, but I can-
not vote for a provision of this character. I should
feel that if I did it, I gave my own personal sanc-
tion to it. In refusing to vote for the admission
of Oregon, I may meet the censure of political
friends m my own State, and in other portions ot
the country. But, sir, with me this is a matter
of conscience, and I cannot do it.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, I cannot vote
for the ad mission of Oregon into the Union, under
the circumstances in which she presents herself;
and I desire to present, very briefly, the reasons
which operate on my mind in coming to this con-
clusion. I do not object to the admission of Ore-
gon upon the grounds which have been presented
on the other side of the Chamber, although there
are things in the constitution of Oregon to which
my judgment does not yield its assent. The pro-
vision in relation to alien suffrage I think is an
error on the part of the people of Oregon. But,
although I object to some things in the constitu-
tion of Oregon, tiiat is not the ground on which
I object to the admission of the State; for I recog-
nize, in the broadest sense, the right of the people
of a Territory, when they come to form their con-
stitution for the purposes of admission into the
Union, to regulate their domestic institutions as
they choose, subject only to the Constitution of
the United States. If they do not violate any pro-
vision of the Constitution of the United States, I
think they have the right to regulate their do-
mestic institutions as they choosc; and, although
I might think their action unwise, it is not suffi-
cient foundation for objection to their admission.
But I object, too, on the ground that she really
has not population sufficient to entitle her to ad-
mission. We do not know what the population
is, but it seems to be conceded on all hands that
she has not got the population necessary to entitle
any of the other States to a representation in the
other branch of Congress: she has not got ninety-
four thousand inhabitants. That is admitted on
all hands. It is said by some that she probably
has eighty thousand. There is no evidence of it,
no foundation whatever for the statement. Others
say she has not more than forty thousand, and I
think it probable that that is nearer the truth.
Now, I think it a dangerous precedent to admit
a State that has not the requisite population to
entitle her to a Representative in Congres-s. I
know that this has been done before. I know
that exceptions to the general rule have occurred,
as in the case of Florida, when she was admitted
pat i passu with a free State, and admitted because
she was a slave State, or perhaps for the consid-
eration that she was an exceedingly expensive
Territory to th-. United States, and there was no
prospect of a day coming—at least it was exceed-
ingly remote—when she would have the requisite
population, and therefore she was admitted into
the Union to avoid an extraordinary expense to
tins Government. There may be extraordinary
considerations arising in a particular case, which
would induce me to waive this general rule, and
admit a State, as in the case of Kansas. She has
been admitted—at least I voted for her admission
from extraordinary considerations, circumstances
attendant alone upon her, applicable exclusively
to her case, and which we all understand, and
which had their effect on the mind of every gen-
tleman who voted on that question. But that was
an exceptional case, and so was the cascofFloi-
lda. The general rule is undoubtedly agood one,
that no State ought to be admitted into the Union
without the necessary number of inhabitants, and
that number ought to be asceitained m some au-
thentic shape. We ought not to acton mere con-
jecture or the mere suppositions which gentlemen
present.
This is the ground on which I shall object to
the admission of Oregon into the Union at the
present time. Why, sir, if we are to admit Oregon
without a full knowledge and authentic informa-
tion in relation to the number of her inhabitants,
| and without her having the number to justify her
I admission, we must, of course, admit other States
' that come under similar circumstances and present
! themselves for admission. Why shall we notad-
j mil- Nebraska, if she should take it into her head
| between now and the next session of Congress to
i form a constitution and ask for admission ? Upon
I what ground could we object to the admission of
! Nebraska, with a population perhaps of not more
than twenty or thirty thousand people, and per-
haps not that many; and, heieafter, when Utah
or New Mexico or Oacotah, or any other Terri-
tory, shall ask for admission, desiring to come
into the Union without the requisite population,
upon what principle should wo, after the admis-
sion of Oregon now, object to her admission?'
None upon catth.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana says he
will never give his vote again for the admission
of any State into the Union that has not the re-
quisite population; but he is willing to waive it,
on the present occasion, for const le-'aiioiife which
affect his mind. I cannot see why he or any man
can vote for the admission of Oregon, and here-
after vote against the admission of any otherTer-
ritory, upon the ground of population. Tile-prin-
ciple is the same in all cases. There are certainly
no peculiar considerations applicable to the case
of Oregon. She does not come in pari passu with
a slave State; and, therefore, there can be'no ar-
gument on that score for waiving the considera-
tion of numbers. She does not come and ask for
admission, surrounded by extraordinary circum-
stances of agitation and danger and alarm to the
country and to the Union, such as Kansas pre-
sented. There are no peculiar circumstances, as
I understand, attendant upon the case of Oregon,
which demand that Congress should waive the
objections heretofore presented, and admit her into
the Union. I do not see any reason wiiy she
should be admitted now.
I am rather inclined to vote for the proposition
of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] to
postpone the consideration of this bill until the
first Monday m December next, and in the mean
time Oregon may, if she thinks proper to do so,
take measures to ascertain what her population
is. She can order a census, and between now
and then it can be ascertained whether she has the
representative population or not, and then we can
admit her. In the mean time, the State may, if
she has the requisite numberof people,go on and
elect her Senators and Representative to Congress
in advance of her admission, as Minnesota did,
and as has been done heretofore by other States,
and we could finally admit the State at the next
session, having the requisite population,'and we
could permit her Senators and Representative to
take their scats.
These are the considerations which induce me
to vote for the proposition to postpone. I would
rather vote to postpone than vote against the ad-
mission. I believe that is the safest and most
prudent course. Let the people of Oregon in the
mean time take such steps as they may choose to
ascertain whether they have the requisite popu-
lation or not. Jf she has, and presents herself at
the next session, then this bill can be passed. If
she has not, then we can act as Congress may
judge proper-
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I think the
country is gainingsomeexpenenceon the subject
of the condition of the African population in our
midst—a wise experience; and I think the evi-
dences presented to-day on the other side of the
Chamber show that that experience is beginning
to have its fruits. 1 understand the honorable
Senator from Maine to make the single objection:
to the admission of this State, that the State has,
by constitutional law, prohibited any future mi-
gration of the nesro race within its boundaries.
That is the only objection.
Mr. FESSRfrDEN. It is the objection I stated.
Mr. MASON. It is the objection the Senator
stated; and I take it for granted it isaconclusive
objection with him that that community, in form-
ing its fundamental law, deemed it wise to pro-
hibit the African race from coming amongst thgm.
Mr. President, in the slaveholding States it was
found necessary many years ago,to preserve the
character of our slave population, that the same
sort of laws should be enacted. I do not remem-
ber how many years ago, m Virginia, but a num-
berof years ago,alaw was passed making itpenal
upon any negro emancipated after the year 1806
or the descendants of such negro, to remain in
the State after his emancipation, and the same law
prohibits free negroes from coming into the S:ate.
We had our policy in that—a \ery necessary
policy, but a police one altogether—to preserve
the condition of the slave population. We bad
another one, if you please, which was of a very
subordinate character. I do not know that, i"f
only the subordinate objection had existed, any
such legislation would have taken place. This
was that the negro free is the most worthless pop-
ulation that can be conceived of, and not worth-
less alone, but contaminating, vicious, depiaved,
unprincipled, without any recognition of any
moral law, or moial obligation. I do not speak
of individuals; I speak of the great mass of the
emancipated negroes. But the true reason for the
prohibition of the African race free ft om- slave
communities was, because it contaminated and
did mischief to the slave population, not by ren-
dering them insubordinate at all, but by imbuing
