1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nate abuses. Therefore, the expense of collecting
does not at all depend upon the amount collected.
If you have $40,000,000 to collect this year, and
had $48,000,000 before, you must keep the same
officers. It is as easy to go through all the ele-
ments of an invoice of $100,000 as $50,000. A
merchant who imported $50,000 worth of dutiable
goods last year, may, under the stringency of the
times, think $20,000 worth will do this year, but
it takes as many officers, and there are as many
things to be done on an importation of $20,000 as
$50,000. Therefore there is nothing in the com-
parison drawn by the Senator from Michigan.
It does not make the slightest difference if they
were the same kind of goods. If, with reference
to the difficulties of the country, only half as many
of different variety are imported this year as last,
it would take just as many men to collect the
duties. Then his comparison will not answer;
but I believe there are more officers than are neces-
sary to collect forty or fifty-eight million dollars.
Hence, I think, if we are going to retrench, we
should take up the subject intelligently. Let us
see who is willing to part with this port of delivery, :
with this custom-house, or with the officers in !
this town, if he has the appointment of them. '
There is the great difficulty about it; there is the
great trouble. If you mean reform, you must J
put it on some conservative intelligible principle.
Until ten years ago, when this law was brought
into the House of Representatives, there was no
limit. This bill never showed its face from 1779
to 1849 in Congress, because the collector paid !
the expense of collection out of the revenues, and |
all he ever showed you was the net proceeds. !
We thought, as a check, we would compel him j
to bring the expenses here, and we would appro- j
priate for it as we do for the Post Office Depart- j
ment. This is^a permanent appropriation until .
you act again. I suppose that is the reason you
go up to $4,000,000. I was opposed to that, and
shall vote against it; but I am for keeping the ap-
propriation on the basis of last year until you can
reform it intelligently, which is not possible at the
present time.
Mr. SIMMONS. It seems to me that the
speeches on this bill are somewhat inconsistent.
Yesterday the great reason for making this appro-
priation of $4,000,000 was because it was perma- ;
nent. That was the argument of the Senator
from Virginia. He agreed that it was too much,
but he thought it best to leave it at $4,000,000.
Now the reason for reducing the appropriation to
$3,600,000, is because it is only for a year. For
some reason or other these appropriations will j
get up. If you cannot get them up on the ground ;
that they are permanent, you will get them up on I
the ground that they are not permanent, j
The Senator from Georgia says that the amount j
of revenue does not make any difference as to the 1
expense of collection. I agree with him that it ■
does not make a pro rata difference. But these
officers were multiplied when we were importing '
coal and salt from Nova Scotia in large quantities,
and we had to have more measurers to measure
it. We are not doing so now, but we do not get
rid of the measurers. I think they might possi-
bly be got rid of. I venture to say that there are
now ten men where there ought to be one upon
any data of figures which can be presented to us.
I think that the bill as it originally came to us,
aDpropnated, for the six months now upon us,
$1,600,000. They now piopose to appropriate
$1,600,000 for the last two quarters of the present
year. Am I not correct in that? I will ask the ,
Senator from Virginia if there was not an appro-
priation in the bill for the two current quaitcrs i
we are goiiF through of $1,600,000?
Mr. HUNTER. There was in the original
bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. As it came here yesterday.
I suggested to the Senator from Massachusetts,
inasmuch as the Department had fixed that sum
for the two current quarters through which we
are now passing-, to make his amendment just
equal to it, the estimate on these two quarters
being $800,000. He thought it too much. I had
heaid an estimate made that the Department had
saved about one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars in California alone. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts said he would come down to $3,000,000.
I b.-lieve that the proposition from the House is to
increase the amount for the two current quarters,
which was $1,600,000 yesterday, to $1,800,000,
and go from $3,000,000 to $3,600,000, and to add
$200,000 in the first section, making it altogether
$3,800,000.
I am astonished that my friend from Georgia
should ever agree to such a measure; but I am
not disappointed when I see the Senator from Vir-
ginia, who advocated the appropriation yesterday
because it was permanent and necessary, sup-
porting the House amendment. The Senator can
present it as well as any man in the Senate. I
said yesterday that I did not vote against it from
any disposition to cut any Department short of the
necessary means. I will vote them what is suffi-
cient, at any time; but I have no more doubt that
$1,800,000 is ample than I have that $1,250,000
is—not a bit. If I had, I would vote for more. I
believe, sincerely, that as long as we keep appro-
priating all that is asked, there will never be a
man dismissed. That was the reason for my
vote. I am willing to give them $1,000,000, which
is just what they ask for the two quarters through
which we are passing; and I am willing to go to
the same ratio next year—$800,000 a quarter.
Now, when you come to this matter of meas-
uring the coal imported, the more cargoes you
have, the more it will cost. There is a great deal
of labor about it, but there is a great deal less of
it imported now than there was formerly. In the
city of New York there is at present great com-
plaint that there are not laborers enough to do
this manual labor. It takes agreat deal of labor.
The importations of goods during the present
year will not be more than two thirds as much as
they were last year, and will take less labor, and
be a diminished expense. 1 admit the salaries
will be just as much. But here is a reduction in
California that still remains, by putting the sala-
ries of the officers there on the same ratio with
those in New York. That will take off fifty or
sixty thousand dollars more. With a reduction
made in salaries, $800,000 a quarter will he ample
hereafter. That is the amount that has been spent
heretofore upon an importation of $360,000,000.
Taking the $200,000 extra for the two present
quarters, it makes the amount at least two hun-
dred thousand dollars more than was ever spent
in this country. I want to know if Senators call
thatretrenchment. Itwillgiveyou $200,000 moie
for the next year, and for every succeeding year,
j than you have for this; for it is now $200,000 more
! than is asked for the nextfiscal year. It will give ;
I $3,800,000 for the next fiscal year. I have not ,
1 looked into this subject, but I have never heaid j
of the expenditures exceeding $3,600,000. I un- j
derstood, from the Senator from Virginia, that j
there was appropriated for California last year
$436,000, and now but $280,000. There is a re- j
duction of $150,000 in that place. Here is a re-
duction contemplated next year by cutting down ;
salaries in California; and it is perfectly evident
that a less amount will be needed during the pres- ;
ent fiscal year than during the last year. i
I have no disposition to thwart the objects of j
the Administration at all. I want to see some-
thing done. I repeat again what I said yesterday,
that it is no sort of economy to stop the building ;
of vessels for defense, or fortifications, and put- ;
I ting the sum thus saved upon the salary of these
[ officers. That is the kind of economy 1 see piac- j
! need. I regret to suy it, but I have never known ^
anything pass here that looked like lessening the
| expenditures for the officers and employes ot the 1
Government. The last man who 1 thought would
! ever give way was my friend from Georgia. !
| Mr. TOOMBS. There is no reduction of sala-
ries proposed.
| Mr. SIMMONS. It is proposed to reduce the
! amount appropriated, and the effect of that will
'' probably be, that they will dismiss some of these
officers.
Mr. TOOMB3. No.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is what I think ought
to be done, and that is my purpose in endeavor-
ing to reduce the amount.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Rhode
Island is mistaken in supposing that this propo-
M sition contemplates spending more than has been
| heretofore expended. As I said before, this ap-
! propriadon of $3,600,000 is less by some twenty
jl thousand dollars than was expended in the fiscal
lj year 1857. I also stated before, that, since 1854,
i we have never expended less than $3,500,000 in
i collecting the revenue. It seems to me that it is
I i manifestly unsafe for us to undertake to strike in
the dark, to strike blindly, and to attempt to re,-
duce the appropriations below what they have been
for four years, upon the mere theory that such a
reduction might safely be made. I said the other
evening, if Senators chose to reduce it to what was
actually expended, thatlwould notobjectto such
an amendment. That, however, was not done;
but it was reduced to $3,000,000, which was
$600,000 less than was expended in 1857; and I
did not believe we could get along without it.
Now, sir, I recollect the time when the first
proposition was made, making this appropriation
for the payment of the expenses of the collection
of customs, after the whole amount of revenue
was directed to be paid into the Treasury. It was
introduced by a gentleman then from the State of
New York—Mr. King, I think. I recollect look-
ing into this subject at that time, and I found that
the whole matter had before that, been at the dis-
cretion of the Secretaries. They paid out of the
revenue what they thought necessary in ordev to
discharge the expenses of collection, giving what
salaries they chose to the inferior officers, making
everything pretty much as they chose to have it.
The first step was then taken, which was one of
reform, to require them to pay all the receipts
into the Treasury, and to pay the expenses of
eolleetion by appropriation; but still the difficulty
occurred that the salaries of the subordinate offi-
cers were matters of regulation. I recollect turn-
ing my attention to it at that time, for I was anx-
ious to introduce any scheme of reform; but I
found that there were not sufficient data, and it
was on my motion that that provision of law was
introduced which required them to state what
they expended in collecting the revenue, in sala-
ries, &c., at each port, in order that by these
statements we might have at least this check on
the expenditure: that we might see how the money
was disbursed and distributed, and in order, too,
that we might be able hereafter to collect out of
these statements the means, if we could, of di-
gesting some system.
Now, sir, whenever we mean to retrench the
expenses of the collectiop of revenue, it must be
done upon system. I understand that there has
been befoie the House of Representatives, during
this year, a scheme of revenue laws which has
i been presented by the Secretary of the Treasury.
I know that his attention is directed towards this
matter, and I hope that early in the next session
we shall have some scheme presented to us; and
I shall be ready to go for any scheme that will
! promise to meet the necessities of the Government
in regard to guarding and collecting the revenue,
at the same time that it diminishes the expend-
ltuie. I will go for it with pleasure whenever such
a scheme shall be presented; but, for the present,
I am unwilling to appropriate less for collecting
the revenue than has been expended heretofore—■
less than the sum which, I may say. has been ex-
pended for the last four or five years. I think it
! would be unsafe toattempt any reform upon mere
i theory, or to cut down the appropriation upon
! mere theory; for it is to be remembered that this
expenditure is vital; upon itdepends the revenue
which we collect. It is through it that we guard
and protect the revenue from smuggling and fraud;
it-is through it that we provide the means by
which we gather it into the Treasury. If we were
to make any mistake, so that we should not be
■ ■ able to keep up the preventive service, or to keep
up the machinery necessary for collecting the rev-
l! enuc,it might operate more mischievously than a
failure in any other departmentof the Government
, to appropriate what is necessary. I think, there-
fore, the Senate may be well content to agree to
! the amendmentof the House of Representatives,
which proposes a scheme of expenditure based
i, upon the actual experience -of some years past,
i' Mr. CHANDLER. The honorable Senator
: from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has fallen into an
!' error in regard to the expense of collecting a given
!| sum of money. I will allow myself to be cor-
rected ill almost any point by that honorable Seii-
' ator; but on the cost of importing goods I beg to
I! state that I consider my infoi ination better than
! i his. It it well known that in every sea-port an
11 inspector is placed on board a foreian vessel the
moment she arrives, and that inspector must re-
main on board the vessel until her cargo is landed,
i Will that Senator tell me that the expenses of
j watching a thousand vessels in port, will be no
!' greater than of watching twenty? You have to
