2992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12.
keep a thousand inspectors if there are a thousand
vessels in port from foreign countries. It is the
same m the custom-house proper, and in nearly
all the expenses.
Mr. TOOMBS. My proposition was that a
vessel which has but $20,000 of dutiable goods on
board requires an inspector as well as if it had
$1,000,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is true; but fewer
vessels arrive now, and the vessels do not come
in with half cargoes. I say that the expenses of jj
collecting your revenues, while they may not be j|
reduced in the exact ratio of the reduction of lm- |,
pprtations, may still be reduced in very nearly j
that ratio. A few of your high-salaried men must |
remain, but you may cut off your supernumer- I
aries; you may reduce your inspectors in the city :
of Hew York from three to two hundred; you j
may reduce your inspectors at every sea-port in i
accordance with the reduction of business. You |
may do the same thing in your custom-houses, I
and with regard to all the expenses of collecting ,
the revenue. I believe that with a reduction of the j
duties collected, from ^65,000,000 to $40,000,000, i
you may safely diminish the expenses of coilec- \
Uon $600,000 a year, and yet have a surplus. I ;
hope we shall not accede to'the amendment of j
the House of Representatives, but shall adhere to ;
our amend men t reducing the amount to $3,000,Of ?0.
I still believe that that is more than is necessary.
Mr. SIMMONS. I perceive that I was right
in the statement that the original bill appropri-
ated for the current half year, from January 1,
to July 1,1858, $1,600,000, and the House amend- ;
ment increased that to $1,800,000, together with 1
such sum as may be received from cartage, storage, j
and labor for the half year. All these incidental |
charges for warehousing are in addition to this '
sum, and we know very well that warehousing j
last year was pretty large.
Mr. HUNTER. Dues the Senator pay stor-
age? Storage was once very large, but we get'
none now, because of the system of private ware- |
houses.
Mr. SIMMONS. We have a great many j
warehouses. I see signs on them, when I go to ;
New York.
Mr. HUNTER. "We have in San Francisco, j
nowhere else. j
Mr. SIMMONS. The amendment of the House ;
carries the appropriation for the current year >
$200,000 higher than the oiiginal bill. j
Mr. HUNTER This is making a provision
for the year. It is true that when you proposed
$4,000,000 perannum, the Department asked only
$1,600,000 for the first two quarters, but you do 1
not know what the expenditure was for the two '
preceding quarters. The way they have been
getting on was this: when Mr. King, of New ,
York,firstintrodnced his bill it was for $2,500,000
annually; it was then a great deal mote than
enough; surpluses accumulated, and when the
expenditure went beyond the amount of the ap- ,
propriation, the surpluses of previous years were
transferred. It was considered to be a continu-
ing service, and those surpluses were used to help
out the deficiencies. It is in that way that they
have been enabled to get along until now, but
now that resource is exhausted,and the only safe
thing we can do is to go back, and take a series
of years, and I have shown that from 1354 up,
they have never expended less than $3,500,000,
and in 1857 it was a little more than three mil-
lion six hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 should like to ask the
Senator from Virginia, upon what estimate the
$1,600,000 for the cuirent half year was put in
the original bill as it came to us? Was not it
from the Department?
Mr. HUNTER. The estimate was a dou-
ble estimate—$1,600,000 for the half year, and
$4,000,000 annually. If the first appropriation
turned out to be too little, the excels in the an-
nual appropriation might have made up for the
deficiency.
Mr. SIMMONS. I know it is very easy to
mystify people, and I may not understand this
matter; but if $1,GOO,000 were appropriated i'or
the two current quarters ending the 30th of June
next, 1 desire to know whether it could be helped
out by an appropriation for the next year?
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly.
Mr. SIMMONS. How?
Mr. HUNTER. As I said before, it has been
construed to be a continuing service; arid a sur-
plus in one year may be expended to supply any
such deficiency. The Senator from Rhode Island,
in order to show any inconsistency, must show
either that since 1854 they have gotten along with
less than thirty-five or thirty-six hundred thou-
sand dollars, or else he must show that there is
an estimate from the Secretary, ly which he un-
dertakes to say they could get along for less than
this amount. He can show none. He can only
show that in that double estimate the Secretary
was willing to take $1,600,000 for these two quar-
ters, with a permanent annual appropriation es-
timated on the basis of $4,000,000; but how much
of accumulated surplus he had before the Senator
does not know.
Mr. SIMMONS. I want to call the attention
of the Senator from Virginia to the figures. In
1854 we collected $66,000,000 of revenue, and on
the Atlantic side the expenses of collection were
$2,700,000. Next year they were $2,708,000, and
in 1856 $3,100,000.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator does not say
what was expended on the Pacific side.
Mr. SIMMONS. When we get this down, we
can go over to the Pacific side. I understood the
Senator from Virginia and the Senator from Cal-
ifornia the other day to say that the expenses of
collecting the customs on the Pacific side had been
reduced over a hundred thousand dollars the pres-
ent year.
Mr. GWIN. I have not the tables before me.
They have been very considerably reduced. I
gave the figures the other night.
Mr. SIMMONS. I think the Senator stated
the reduction at one hundred and forty or one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. GWIN. I think not so much as that.
Mr. SIMMONS. You said the expenditures
there for this year would be $280,000.
j Mr. GWIN. That was for three quarters— |
up to the, 1st of March. j
j Mr. SIMMONS. Then take the expenditures j
! for the Pacific side at $400,000 a year, and add ,
them to those on the Atlantic, and you cannot ,
get an average total expenditure of more than j
$3,200,000. "That is the fact, if 1 can add figures j
together. j
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will add the 1
expenses fin the Pacific to those on the Atlantic
coast, he will find that they have been beyond that
ever since 3854.
Mr SIMMONS. I am taking the present ex-
penditures in California, not what they were when
they spent $1,250,000 a year. I am taking what
are said to be the expenses the present year; and
now I want to know if you mean to increase the
aveiage by adding $1,00(3,000 to the present ex-
penditures of California?
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator advert to
the fact that the expenses have increased a little
faster on the Atlantic than they have been dimin-
ishing on the Pacific5
Mr SIMMONS. They increased last year
$200,000 In 1855, they were $2,708,000. I do not
see any very great increase in that. I do not wish
to waste the time of the Senate. I suppose the
idea is, that as you cannot get exactly §4,000,000
for the next year, you will add $200,000 for the
cuirent two quarters, and get $3,600,000 for the
next year, so as to make $3,BOO,000.
Mr.KING. I understand that this is an appro-
priation which continues from year to year with-
out limitation; that is, it continues until further
legislation. I suppose, the House amendment is
amendable, and I therefore offer an amendment
to limit the appropriation to the next fiscal year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
! This amendment is not amendahle. It is an
j amendment of the House of Representatives to an
I amendment of the Senate.
j Mr. SIMMONS. We can concur in their
■ amendment with an amendment.
i Mr. PUGH. There is a Senate amendment
. and a House amendment. Tins is an amendment
' to an amendment.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
' is on the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the amendment of the Seriate. It has
gone to the last stage of amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. That rule does not apply to
amendments between the Houses. We can take
j the House amendment with an amendment, in
i our own body the rule is, that w$ cannot go to
an amendment in the third decree; but when the
other House has amended an amendment of the
Senate, I do not think that rule of limitation ap-
plies. The Senate may agree to the amendment
of the House with an amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. That has been the practice.
1 think we have treated an amendment of the
House as a proposition in the first degree.
Mr. KING. Then I offer my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
receive the amendment.
Mr. KING. I am willing that the vote shall
first be taken on the amendment of the House in
regard to the amount of the appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of the
House to the first amendment of the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen,Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Broderick, Brown, Clay, Clubman, Fitch, Fu-spatrick,
Gwin, Hammond, Hayne, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Ar-
kansas, Jones, Mallory, Ma^n, Pearee, Polk, Pugh, Rcid,
Rice, Seba&nan. Slidell, Thomson of New Jersey, and
Wright—29
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Chandler, Collamer, Crittenden,
Fexsenden, Foot. Foster, Harlan. Johnson of Tennessee,
King, Simmons, Trumbull, and Wade—13.
So the amendment to the amendment was con-
curred m.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to insist upon our
next amendment in regard to the salaries of the
officers in California, to which the House disagree
with an amendment. I am willing to apply the
reduction to the officers who get high salaries;
but I am informed that it would not be safe to
apply the New-York standard to the clerks and
; inferior officers who aie paid under regulation.
You cannot get clerks in California for as little as
I you can in New York. Let the amendment to
! to which the House disagreed be read.
The Secretary read the fourth Senate amend-
ment, as follows:
And he it further enacted, That no collector of the cus-
toms deputy colieetoi, naval officer, deputy naval officer,
surveyor, deputy surveyor, general appraiser, superintend-
ent of waiehouses, or auj other officer or person engaged
in the collection of the icvenue, shall receive a greater
compensation than is now paid to the officers and pei-on^
engaged m said smuceat the port of New York: Provided,
Tnat thi* >eetion shall not be so construed as to increase
the compensation of anv officer of the customs, or of any
person engaged in the collection thereof.
Mr. HUNTER, i move that the Senate insist
on that amendment, with an amendment to strike
out the words 4< or any other officer or person en-
gaged in the collection ofthe revenues." These
are persons, as I understand, who are paid by
regulation. They are the clerks and inferiorem-
ployes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Virginia that, this
bein^ a Senate amendment in which the House
refused to concur, the Chair entertains doubts
whetherthe Senate can now amend its own amend'
if^ent and send it back. He will, however, take
the opinion of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. If a committee of conference
reported that we should insist on our amendment
with an amendment, nobody would doubt our
power to do so. I only propose that we shall do
now what we do through committees of confer-
ence—insist on our amendment with an amend-
ment. However, if the Chair rules it out of order,
I shall not press it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair does
not rule it out of order. He only suggests, for
the consideration of the Senate, that he entertains
doubts whether, the House having refused to con-
cur m an amendment of the Senate, it is compe-
tent to the Senate to send back the same amend-
ment in a different form.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I shall move to insist
on our amendment, and ask for a conference. I
am willing to make that compromise. I believe
it is necessary after what I hare hcaid. If U be
the pleasure of the Senate, I move to insist on oar
| amendment, and ask for a conference,
j Mr. BENJAUIN. 1 do not really see why we
: should £o through that form. TTas notthe Senate
I the right to modify its own amendments ? It pio-
! posed an amendment to the House. The House
sent it back, disagreed to. Now, we modify the
, amendment, and ask them if they will agree to it
; in this form. What is to prevont us from doing
! that? We can modify it, and brim? it m su"h a
! shape as to suit them. The original amendment
