1968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5.
them, wherever they came in contact, with the
rice and depravity that belong to the African who
is not a slave.
However, our friends in the free States have
gained some experience. It might betaken for
granted by moralists, I should have taken it for
granted, reasoning a priori, that where they were
so intent on having the African race free, they
would welcome them as brothers within their bor-
ders; they would admit them not only to political
equality, but to that social equality of which some-
thing was said just now. At any rate, if they
insist upon having the African race on our conti-
nent free, moralists would say that then a cor-
relative duty, and an absolute duty, is to admit
them to participation in political rights, and to
admit them as citizens within the States which
belong*to yourcommumty. But,I say ourfriends
in the free States have had some experience upon
this subject; and their experience has shown that
the African race with them exists as the African
race doeseverywhere where itis not in bondage—
a vicious, corrupt, unprincipled class of men, who
are never in quiet. The resulthas been, as stated
by the honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] that in his State, which is a State prohibit-
ing African slavery, and I think also in the State
of Indiana by recent enactment, and I doubt not
in many other States, they have found it abso-
lutely necessary, as a police regulation, to exclude
that population from their limits. Oregon has
done no more. Oregon, being aboutto come in as
a State, profiting by the experience of those who
have gone before her, feels, and knows the neces-
sity, if this race is amongst them at all, to have
it in bondage.
Well, sir, there is a little more experience re-
sulting from this movement which has taken place
in the non-slaveholdingStates in reference to the
African race. Where are they to go ? They per-
ish with cold in Canada, where they have been
driven from the necessity of their condition, being
excluded from many of the free States, expelled
from them; and they could not go into the slave-
holding States, and there was 110 alternative but
to get beyond the boundary into Canada. What
is their condition there? I remember to have seen,
during the last winter, a speech made, manifestly,
by a very sensible mmd,in the Provincial Par-
liament, depicting the condition of the African
race free in Canada as a plague spot in their midst,
and one that they must get rid of.
We have had some further experience on this
subject; and I <tm strongly disposed to believe this
despised African race are at last beginning to be
taught who are their friends and who are not.
They are beginning to be taught' by dire experi-
ence in this exclusion and expulsion of them from
the free States, and in the cold welcome that they
receive amidst the snow and the ice of Canada,
who are their true friends and who are not; and
the resulthas been that, in the State of Virginia,
and I see recently in the State of Texas, so many
have been the applications by free negroes to es-
cape from their freedom—which you have made
intolerable to them—and to be returned to bond-
age, that those States have been constrained by
general legislation to provide a mode by which
free negroes may go into voluntaiy servitude.
Now, sir, there is a good deal of experience in
all that; and the time may conic—I doubt not the
time is at hand—when the States, who are non-
slaveholding States only because slavery is not
valuable to them, and their climate will not admit
of it, will find, whatever may be their theoretic
or their abstract opinions, that their obligations
to themselves and to their communities will com-
pel them to exclude this population from amongst
them; that the free black population will eventu-
ally come back to the southern States and ask as
a boon to be admitted into slavery. Through the
action of the philanthropic spirit that now pervades
the free States, they will obtain a true knowledge
of their real social condition; they will lcnhzc
what has been proved so far, at least, on this con-
tinent as the true character of that race, that in sla-
very, upon this continent, their condition is every
day one of improvement; that, in freedom upon
this continent, their condition is every day one
of depression and sinking; that in bondage they
are not only elevated in social life, but they are
elevated in civilization and in religion. Where
they are free they are despised, loathed, not tol-
erated in a society that professes to toleiate them;
and their residences are found always in destitu-
tion and poverty. They will thus attain a true
knowledge of their social condition, and they will
be indebted to their friends in the non-slavehold-
ing States for bringing them to that.
I think, therefore, Mr. President, I may well
say, that from the exhibition made on the other
side of the Chamber to-day we are beginning to
see the fruits of this experience—fruits that the
negro race will realize for themselves in good time;
and we shall be indebted at last to the sagacity or
the instinct more than to the intelligence of that
race for thus realizing what is their true social
condition and embracing it. But in the mean time
I regret very much that it is not in my power to
vote for the admission of Oregon—not for the
reasons assigned by the honorable Senator from
Maine, for 1 think Oregon has done wisely; she
has profited by the experience of other States, and
has seen the absolute necessity of excluding this
population from her limits if she would preserve
her community intact. But I must object to the
admission of Oregon because we have no evidence
in the world that she has sufficient population to
entitle her to admission, and we have every evi-
dence that she has not the numbers to entitle her
to admission.
I see, in looking into documents accompanying
this constitution, that the largest vote that was
given there was ten thousand three hundred and
ninety. There were two votes taken at the time
of the adoption of the constitution, one for and
against the constitution, and the other for and
against slavery. The largest vote was that given
on the constitution, and the aggregate was ton
thousand "three hundred and ninety. Honorable
gentlemen have seemed to feel themselves at lib-
erty to go into conjecture and estimate on this
point. I recollect, that as to the admission of
Minnesota, the honorable Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,J and the honorable Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Polk,] and others, went into a
sort of estimate pro rata, that it was to be consid-
ered that there were piobably five in the family
of every voter, and they conjectured that where
there were ten thousand voters there were fifty
thousand people—a sort of estimate that did not
satisfy me; but taking it on that ground, the high-
est vote the people of Oregon have given is ten
thousand three hundred and ninety, and that
would show by that sort of unsatisfactory esti-
mate, that they had very little more than one half
the number necersnry to entitle them properly,
under the Constitution, to admission.
Well, where are we to stand, if States are to
be admitted into this Union without reference to
their population ? Each State must of necessity
have one Representative, at least, in the other
House, and two here. You then have a vote of
three in the jointlc^islation of the country against
the half of one vote in one of the States which is
properly entitled by its population to reprcsenta-
ation in the two Houses. It is unfair, unequal,
and unjust; it is destroying the equilibrium of
our institutions. It is no longer a popular repre-
sentation. There is no safety in it to those who
rest upon the constitutional law for their safety,
and there can be none. I am aware that it has
been done, but I think by violence. In the recent
case of Kansas, her population, I believe, was
conjectured only by the vote. I felt myself under
a degree of constraint from very high political
considerations—not on rh^ question of slavery at
all, but to preserve the peace of the country, and
if we could, the integrity of the Union—to waive
a great deal. It was but a conditional admission
at last, that was extended to Kansas; and even
in that conditional act of admission there is the
precedent that if she does not ava>l herself of the
opportunity now given to her to come in with
her population, whatever it may be, she shall not
comc in thereaftei until her population is ascer-
tained to be such as to entitle her to admission.
And yet on the heel of that very precedent, it is
proposed to admit Oregon with a population that
even, by their own conjecture, does not exceed
fifty thousand. I can sec no propriety in it. Al-
though from the kind feeling which I hope actu-
ates us ail towards the people of thatdistantTer-
ritory, I should be very happy to find her in a
condition to be welcomed into the Union, I regret
that as it is, until otherwise informed, the prop-
osition cannot have my vote. I should think,
however, the better way would be to postpone it
until December, rather than reject the State; and
I would be willing, if gentlemen think it would
result in good, to pass a law to take a census and
see what her population is; but I protest against
admitting a Slate on a territorial census. It must
be taken, I think, under the sanction of Federal
law. I shall concur very cheerfully in postpon-
ing the bill, rather than rejecting the applica-
tion.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, being one of the
committee that reported this bill, I may be per-
mitted to say in a word why I intend to vote for
it, and that word will not be with reference to the
question of slavery. I hope that question will not
be brought up, unnecessarily, for it has already
consumed too much of the time of this session
when it had a legitimate bearing upon the ques-
tions pending before the Senate.
It is supposed, and the arguments are predica-
ted upon that supposition, that the population of
Oregon is only about fifty thousand. The inform-
ation that I have is of a different character. There
has never yet been an iron rule fixing an exact
number to entitle a Territory to exercise its right
in the creation of a State government and apply for
admission into the Union. It is all a mere matter
of policy and discretion; but an ordinary rule of
propriety would say that as aState must have one
Representative in the other branch of Congress,
it ought to have population sufficient for that be-
fore its admission; but that addresses itself to us
only as a rule of propriety. There may be, as
was remarked by the Senator from Georgia, vari-
ous reasons why that rule of propriety may be
departed from, and,in this case 1 think 1 can show
reasons why it ought to be departed from.
What, then, is the population of Oregon? Itis
known that in that Territory there are sixteen
thousand persons subject to a poll-tax returned
by the assessors. The vote referred to by the Sen-
ator from Virginia was only a little over ten thou-
sand, but that vote was taken at a season of the
year when a very large proportion of the vote
could not be polled. The voters were absent at
the mines, they were in a more profitable employ-
ment, and did not attend and recoid their names.
Besides, on that occasion, there was no contest;
it was a comparatively one-sided election. Here
is a State whose poll-list, made up by sworn offi-
cers, shows sixteen thousand men; and more men
can vote than would be liable to be entered on the
poll-list for a poll-tax. When they get above
forty-five, I believe they are not taxed a poll-tax;
yet they are permitted to vote as long as they live.
Moie, therefore, can vote in all the States of the
Union, so far as I have examined the question,
than would be entered upon the poll-list. Hence
I assume, as a data, which cannot be successfully
controverted, that there are at least sixteen thou-
sand voters. Nov/ the ordinary average of pop-
ulation to the polls is not less than five; multiply
them by that, and you have eighty thousand in-
habitants It never has been the rule that a legal
regular census must first be taken before we ad-
mit a State. There never has been any such prac-
tice on the part of Congress. There is no consti-
tutional rule, there is no reason why we should
be governed alone by a legal census.
Mr. MASON. 1 did not hear distinctly. If
the Senator will allow mo, I will ask, where did
he get the vote of sixteen thousand?
Mr. GR15EN. I did not get the vote. I get
the poll-tax, and I say that the vote of the Terri-
tory is larger than the number of persons liable
to poll-tax, because it includes a class of persons
not liable to be taxed on the head. Now, sir, as
there is no constitutional rule, as there is no legal
rule, as there is nothing but a question of pro-
priety, why is it that there shall be such formid-
able opposition to the admission of Oregon into
the Union ?
The Senator from Virginia says, every State
that is admitted lessens the power and influence
of the old States. True, it does. The compara-
tive power in the Senate was lessened when you
admitted Texas, but it was no sufficient argument
to keep Texas out of the Union; and so with every
other State. It lessens the comparative influence
of each old Srate, but I am proud to believe that
this is a Confederation capable of indefinite expan-
sion; and being a confederation, being an associ-
ation of independent sovereignties, that question
of limitation of power, that question of diminu-
tion of power does not apply as it would in a more
