THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES
WASHINGTON, D.
c.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session. MONDAY, JUNE 14, 1858.
New Series No
188.
did not suit them. We can now withdraw apart
of it.
Mr. E^UNTER. I think we can do it in the
way I propose, without debate or difficulty. I
think we had better do that, although I agree with
the Senator from Louisiana, that we have the
right to amewd the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
receive the amendment if it he offered.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not like to run counter
to the sense of the Senate, and I think it would
be better to insist on our amendment, and ask for
a committee of conference. I make that motion.
Mr. PEARCE. I reaily think it is unnecessary,
and if there should be no further debate, I hope
the Senate will express its opinion that it is com-
petent, in this stage of the business, to entertain
the proposition of the Senator from Virginia to
amend our amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the Senator from Virginia to decline
making it.
Mr. PEARCE. I think it will be a briefer way
of disposing of the bill.
Mr. GW1N. I do not object to fixing the com-
pensation of all salaried officers by law; but the
Senate has included some who are not salaried.
I shall have to say something on the proposition
in that form.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we shall get along
easier by a committee of conference, because we
shall get rid of a speech [Laughter]—not that I
am not very glad always to hear the Senator from
California. I move that we insist on our amend-
ment, and ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Hun-
ter, Bright, and Wade, were appointed con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
A message was afterwards received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its
Clerk, announcing that the House had insisted
upon its disagreement to the fourth amendment of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 466) making
appropriations for the expenses of collecting the
revenue from customs, and had agreed to the con-
ference asked by the Senate upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. John' Cochrane, Mr. Warner L.
Underwood, and Mr. Charles L. Scott, man-
agers at the same on its part.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following report:
Tfffe committee of conferencc on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 199) makmsr appto-
prumons for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1859, having met, have, after a full and free conference,
agieed to recommend, and do recommend, to their respect-
ive House* as follows.
That the House do reccde from the# disagreement to the
tenth amendment of the Senate, and agiee to said amend-
ment with an amendment, as follows: insert the word
" and" between the vvoids « clerks" and " messengers,"
in the third line, and -strike out the words *' and watchmen,"
m the fourth hue.
That the finite do recede from their amendment to the
fourteenth amendment of the Senate, and agtee to said
amendment with an amendment, a* follows: stiike out the
word •' five," in the thud line, and m-^rt the wordseven."
' J. A. PKAKCE.
i, !•'. S FOSTER,
JOHN U. THOMSON,
Managers on the part o/ the Senate.
WARRKN WINfLOW,
E B. WA^H'iUKNT.
W. S. GilOESniSOK.
Managers on the part oj the House*
Mr. PEARCE. I will state to the Senate, that
the House having concurred in eight of" the four-
teen amendments of the Senate, and the Senate
having receded from four of its amendments which
were non-concurred in by the House, there re-
mained but two amendments as the subject of
conference between the two committees. The first
of these is the amendment relating to the pay of
the clerks, messengers, and watchmen at the
Washington navy-yard. The pay of the clerks
and messensers at that yard was enlarged by the
act of l!S.")6; but the watchmen were not included
in that act. The House proposed to recede from
its disagreement to the provision of the Senate
188
which gave back pay and increased pay to the
clerks and messengers, omitting the watchmen
who were not provided for in the law of 185G.
The amendment, therefore, as now proposed to
the Senate by the committee of conference, car-
ries out the law of 1856, in which the watchmen
were not included. The fourteenth amendment
related to the additional war steamers. The Sen-
ate inserted five war seamers, besides one for ser-
vice in the China seas; and the House struck'out
five and inserted ten. The compromise of the
committee of conference is a very simple one: it
proposes to insert seven instead of ten or five.
We could not exactly split the difference, saying
seven and a half, but we came as near to it as we
could, so that the Senate has got rather the better
ef the bargain
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I under-
stand that the House of Representatives have
already adopted the report of their committee.
Mr. PEARCE. That is an additional reason
why the Senate should agree to this report. I
hope the Senate will concur in the report, which
will put an end to the dispute.
Mr. PUGH. Is the bill here or in the House?
Mr. PEARCE. The bill is in the House.
Mr. PUGH. I merely wish to put in my pro-
test against the Senate agreeing to the report of
any confcrencc committee without the bill to which
it relates.
Mr. HUNTER. We are entitled to the bill;
the House has acted.
Mr. PUGH. When the House send us the
bill, I have no objection to acting on it; but I wish
to put it on record that 1 protest against voting
on bills that are not before the Senate,and I shall
ask for the yeas and nays—not that I oppose the
report, but that I think there ought to be some
regularity m legislation.
Mr. HUNTER. The papers'will be here m
a minute.
Mr. PUGH. I have no objection to action
when the papers come; but I do object to voting
on this report without the papers.
Mr. HUNTER.. We ran send to the House
and have the papers here in five minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee.
The report was concurred in.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives by Mr. Allem, its
Clerk, announcing that the House had agreed to
the report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, on the bill
(II. R. No. 199) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending the 30th of June,
1859.
PENSION MONEYS.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President he, and he ia> hereby, re-
quested to communicate to th<> Senate, as soon after the
commencement of the next jsc^ion of Congic^s as posr-ible,
the amount of money paid for pensions in each ot the States,
and Terntmics since the commencement of the pte-*ent
Government, discriminating between the Army and Navy
pension-;; and that he also state the aggregate amount paid
by the United Stat*4* for pension!5 oi both 1'iiuls in all the
State* and Territories.
LOAN BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 582) to author-
ize a loan not exceeding the sum of $15,000,000,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
The bill was read twice by its title.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 would prefer that that bill
should lie over till to-night. 1 cannot now believe
that it will be necessary to add to it; but perhaps
it may be. We want to see how much is added
to the estimates by the action of Congress 1
think it will turn out that we have cut down
nearly as much as we have added; but we may
want to add to the loan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Maso.w)
It will be laid aside.
NANCY MAGILL.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senate to indulge me
in calling up a little bill which I have deferred,
because I was waiting for the Senator from Vir-
ginia. It is the bill (H. R. No. 345) for the relief
of Nancy Magill, of Ohio, which was objected to
the other day on some general ground. I move
to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to place the name of Nancy Magiil, widow
of James Magill, of Ohio, on the pension roll, at
the rate of eight dollars a month, for five years,
commencing March 4, 1858.
Mr. CLAY. Is she the widow of a soldier?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir. He was appointed
lieutenant, and resigned because he was mortally
wounded and could not serve.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
COURTS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 4'12)
supplemental to an act for the admission of the
State of Minnesota into the Union, have instructed
me to report it back with an amendment.' It is
merely to carry out the law under which Minne-
sota was admitted, so as to define the times and
places of holding the Federal courts in that State.
1 hope the bill will be considered now. It will
not take two minutes.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The amendment of the Judiciary Com-
mittee was to strike out all .after the enacting
clause, and insert:
That the judsre of the, district court for the district of Min-
ueM>ui shall hold a term of sviid com t in each year at the fol-
lowing plae< < to wit- At Pro-ton, to commence on the first
Monday in June, and at St. I'auKon the first Monday m Oc-
tober. The said conit -^hatl he open at all times for the pur-
pose of hcaimsr and deciding cases of admiralty and mari-
time jntwhotion, so far as the <-ame can be done without a
juiy. The judae of the said court shall appoint a clerk tor
•said district, who >!iall reside and keep the icoords and pa-
pew of said eouits af either of the places herein designated
foi the holding of said court, as the judge in Ins discretion
shall direct.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
PROPOSITION FOR A RECESS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the Senate take
a recess until half past six o'clock. There are a
number of committees of conference out engaged
on the appropriation bills.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senator will withdraw that motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is impossible that we can
do business with so small a Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. There is a
motion pending to reconsider the vote postponing
the homestead bill, and I desire to a say a few
words on that question. I shall not occupy the
Senate longer than fifteen minutes.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not know that that is
any paiticular inducement for me to withdraw
my motion. I prefer to have the opportunity of
taking a little refreshment. We shall J e here late
to-night, and our time will be, perhaps, worse than
uselessly consumed if we remain here continu-
ously from this time forward.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think a mo-
tion to reconsider is a privileged question, and as
such, I call for the motion to which I have al-
luded.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. It is a privileged ques-
tion to make the motion, not to consider it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I insist that
it is a privileged question, and can be called up
by the mover at any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that it is a privileged question to move
a reconsideration, but afterwards it depends on
the Senate to say whether they will consider the
motion.
