884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
poses necessary restrictions on our action under
the broad power given by the Constitution. This
is not restriction, to be sure. It is the moral rule;
and has the force of authority and precedent which
we must recognize.
These are the views that I entertain, and hav-
ing submitted them, I cheerfully leave the ques-
tion. I would add, however, before I take my seat,
that I am for the most deliberate inquiry. I will
go cheerfully for its reference to a select, or to any
other committee. I will not act in hot or indecent
haste. It is due to our dignity, it is due to the
people whom we are bound to suppose this man
does not properly represent, to act definitely and
calmly on this subject, in order to settle the mat-
ter, and fix a precedent to control the House in
future.
Mr. NICHOLS. When this resolution was
submitted,a few weelss ago, I made up my mind
that there were questions involved in it which re-
quired careful consideration on the part of those
who are to act as judges. At that time the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Seward,] who this
morning made his motion to refer the whole mat-
ter to a select committee, moved to refer the res-
olution to the Committee on the Judiciary, with
instructions to inquire and report on the power
of the House m this pat ticuJar case. In my judg-
ment, sir, that motion should have prevailed. I
believe now that the motion of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Hughes,] to refer it to the Judi-
ciary Committee, should prevail. I am not clcar
in my own mind that this House has the power
again toexpel. I use the term " again to expel,"
because every gentleman who has discussed the
question assumes that the resolutions adopted
by the last House were virtually an expulsion of
the gentleman from New York-, and, Mr. Speaker,
who doubts it? After the two first resolutions
had been adopted, and when it was apparent that
the third would be adopted, the gentleman from
New York voluntarily withdrew frefm the juris-
diction of the House to evade its adoption. After
all that, does any gentleman doubt that the action
of the House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress was virtually an expulsion of the
gentleman from New York.
The gentleman from Virginia who last spoke,
[Mr. Smith,] has said that it was a virtual expul-
sion. I was not able to catch all that full from
the lips of the gentleman, but I understood him
to invoke the action of the House on the resolu-
tion, and to ask it to again proceed to expulsion.
He acknowledged that we have expelled the gen-
tleman from New York, in effect.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I did say that he re-
signed to evade the judgment of the House, and
that that was equivalent to expulsion. But allow
me to say to the gentleman from Ohio, that he
had better go upon the record than upon my in-
ferences.
Mr NICHOLS. I do not think that I misrep-
resent the gentleman from Virginia. I understood
him to say that the action of the last Mouse was
equivalent to expulsion. I so deemed it. I so con-
strued the action of the House. 1 believe that the
moral effect on the country was the sumo as if the
House had passed a deliberate resolution of ex-
pulsion. ButI do notthink that! misapprehended
the argument of the gentleman, when he spoke
eo feelingly and so eloquently of the virtue that
should be cultivated here*,and of the action which
the House should take in reference to the member
from New York, whose case is now before us. I
understood his argument to point to another ex-
pulsion.
Mr. Speaker, it was well said by the gentleman
from Georgia this morning, that this House ex-
ercised a double jurisdiction over its members.
It exercises a civjl jurisdiction and it exercises a
criminal jurisdiction. Which was the jurisdic-
tion exercised in the last Congress over the gen-
tleman from New Yoik? It was the criminal
jurisdiction of the House. It was the power of
the House,conferred by the Constitution, to pun-
ish a member—not only to punish, but it was
the cumulative power conferied in the same sec-
tion of the Constitution, that the House might
not only punish in a particular form, but that it
might, for causc, expel a member. Sir, wc had
that cause stated. We had the case in court.
We had atrial by a fair and impartial committee
of investigation. We had a discussion on their
teport and on the testimony, in the House itself.
I believe the trial was a fair one, and on it pun-
ishment was awarded, precisely as the gentleman
from Virginia says it was awarded—in effect, the
expulsion of the member. Now, what does ex-
pulsion involve ? I know not what consideration
other men may place upon it, but before God and
man, I would rather be arraigned, and condemned
to any physical punishment than be subjected to
that.
If my apprehension of the question be correct,
then expulsion is the highest punishment that
can be inflicted on an honorable man. And yet,
the gentleman from Virginia, by his argument,
indicates that, having tried, having judged, and
having punished, we should carry retribution
further and punish again for the same offense. I
protest against it in the name of justice; 1 protest
against it in the name of fairness. I ask gentle-
men, whether, after the power of the House to
punish for an offense has been exercised, they
are prepared to go further, and violate a funda-
mental rule of the criminal law of the land by
again punishing for the same offense? Gentlemen
may flatter themselves that it is shielding and vin-
dicating the dignity of the House. Let us examine
that question, Mr. Speaker.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hughes,]
submits a case which he declares to be a case in
point. I have that case now before me, aud I have
strangely misconceived the action of the British
Parliament in the matter, or the gentleman from
i Indiana has. I understand him to say that the
power of the people to reelect, or that the rights
of sovereign power, lying behind the representa-
tive capacity, are held in a sort of abeyance here;
that the British Parliament,orrathertbeHouse of
Commons, had never decided in any case, that
they had no power to expel a member twice for
the same offense; or, in other words, after an ex-
pulsion and reelection of the party expelled, that
they did not declare that they had not the power
to again expel him for the offense for which he
had been originally expelled. The decision to
which the gentleman alluded does not bear the in-
terpretation which he has placed upon it. If it
does, then I misappiehend the force of the English ;
language. I will read thedecision. Itisas follows:
"• In the case of Middlesex, J7C9, the proceedings were as ■
follow -4:
iiil t'obiuary.—Mr. Wilkes was expelled for being the
author of a libel on the House. A new writ was issued,
when he wa> reelected.
" 17th Februaiy.—Upon this return, the House resolved
that, inasmuch a  h<> had b#H'n. m that session, expelled the
Hou^e, he was incapable of being elected to serve m that
Parliament; that his election was void; and they ordered
a new wiit.
"lab March.—Mr. Wilkes having been again elected
without opposition, the House avoided his election, oider-
mg a new wiit as bofoie.
" Mr. Wilkes wa< a third time elected, and returned.
1 Ith Apnl—Upon litis last election and ictuui, the
Hou<e resolved that both weie null aud void.
And on the lotn ^pul they ret-olvcd that Mi., Luttrell
ousclit to have been relumed. he having been a candidate
! Willi Mr. Wilkes at the la-t election.
I '• -29th Apnl, a petition was planted; on the 8th May.
it was heatd; alter tlui Iicaung it was resolved that Mr.
Luttrell i< duJv elected.
" lUu, on the 3d May, 1782. the House ordered the above-
mentioned vote of the 17th Febiuaiy to be expunged, a 
j until to r'un.un on then journals.'7
I Being subversive of what? Of the privileges of
[ members sitting upon that floor? No,sir; but re-
j fernng to a higher tribunal than that: " Being sub-
! vcrstve of the rights of the whole body of electors
I of this kingdom." That is the point. Now. Mr.
j Speaker, I look upon the action of the Commons j
; in that particular as decisive of the one great ques- '
j tion, that when the power of the people is exer-
j'cised, that when they return a member to this
I floor, the action is theirs. The right to be repre-
! sentod by that member is theirs, absolutely, un-
! qualifiedly. Unless for some reason thsa preferred
; against him, or some cause then set downfortrial
| against him, the House cannot, under the power
; which has been granted to it, expel him—not
| for a reason which occurred in any other House;
' not for a reason which occurred at an antecedent
i period, mid which had already been determined;
i but for a reason to be presented against him there,
I then, and at that time, tiled and adjudged.
! This is the view, sir, which I take of this ques-
' tion. I am m favor of the reference to the Judi-
! ciary Committee—not believing, however, that
! the report from that committee will change the
! view I entertain on this question—not at all, sir;
! but in order that some law may be framed, which
i may define the limits and jurisdiction of this
power—this power conferred by the Constitution
upon Congress, and which needs to be adminis-
tered in justice and in mercy. I wish the rules
of law to prevail, the manner of punishment to
be pointed out, and its duration limited by a fixed
rule. 1 do not choose, sir, that it shall rest with
the arbitrary will of a majority.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to put a
question to the gentleman from Ohio. Will he
allow an obnoxious member of this House to es-
cape its judgment and the judgment of subsequent
Houses by a ruse, by resigning his seat? The
gentleman will see that it would make it probable
for the viiest malefactor to obtain a seat here in
that way.
Mr. NICHOLS. I will answer the gentleman's
question. He says tome: "Will you allow a
member, by a ruse, by resigning Iris seat on this
floor, to evade expulsion?" I will reply to the
gentleman in his own language. He has said:
" You have virtually expelled this man, and his
resignation was no ruse by which he evaded the
punishment of the House, for he has been sub-
jected to all the disgrace of an expulsion." I hope
the gentleman is answered.
I have but one word further to say. I desire
some law on this subject further than the simple
provision in the Constitution. I desire that this
power may be limited by legislation, that it shall
be exercised in a particular manner. I wish it
placed upon the statute-book, so that members
may know at once what are their rights. I find
it declared in the Constitution that this House
may punish its members for disorderly behavior;
and, with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a
member. Let me put a case to the gentleman
from Virginia. He says that, after a member has
been virtually expelled, we may again turn him
from this floor. Without any law on this sub-'
ject, without the jurisdiction of the House being
pointed out, or anything of the kind, I will ask
whether we may not have the same power the
gentleman claims to turn him from the floor be-
cause his political opinions are not in accordance
with those of a majority of this House? It is
the naked exercise of power that the gentleman
claims shall be applied to the member from New
York to-day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I trust the gentle-
man does not,and will not,impute to me any such
unworthy mode of action. I would not drive any
man from this floor as a question of power, that
was not also a question of justice. Let this man
give the people a chancc to decide. He would
not give our predecessors a chance to pass on
him, and he will not give his constituents a chance
to pass judgment on him.
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman from Virginia
and 1 will have no quarrel about that. I can only
say, (and it is not for me to control the conduct of
any other member,) that were I m the place of the
member from New York, notwithstanding the
opinions I have stated on the legal status of the
case, I would have stood the test of the resolution
of expulsion. If I believed myself innocent, 1
would have gone before the people for justifica-
tion. That would have been my course. That he
is not here now with their approval, is not for me
to inquire into. I argue as to the power of the
House to do a particular thing which we propose
to do. My only view has been as to the power. I
am not the advocate of the member from New
York; I do not justify the course which he has
deemed it his duty to pursue in this case. A man,
whether right or wrong, when he has made up
his mind, should do that boldly which he is re-
solved to do, and not shufflingly.
A word now m reference to one other point,
and I have done. I want this question referred. I
want a report on it from some responsible com-
mittee of this House, which shall point out the
line of policy to be pursued in this respect here-
after. And why ? Sir, the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Hugiies] has told us why. You have
now a citizen of the United States confined in the
jail of this District, herding, perhaps, with com-
mon criminals—I cannot say as to that, nor do I
propose to say anything about the abstract justice
of his condemnation; but I say this: that hereaf-
ter, when a man goes to jail for a contempt, or a
violation of any law, I wart to see a rule prescrib-
ing the offense on which he goes.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I think, perhaps,
there has been as much of the time of the House
