1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I call for the regular or-
der of business.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I submit that
the regular order of business is the consideration
of the Minnesota bill, and the motion to recom-
mit. That is the unfinished business.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I take it that that can
hardly come up in the morning hour. It is not a
report of a committee.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If it is the gen-
eral desire of the House to devote an hour to the
call of committees for reports, I have no objection
to that course being pursued.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I thank the gentleman
from Georgia. This is the last, day on which the
Committee on Foreign Affairs can report under
the rules.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Before general con-
sent is given, I desire to know precisely what the
proposition is.
The SPEAKER. It is that the committees be
called for one hour for reports. Is there objec-
tion >
No objection was made.
SCHOOL FUKD IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. FERGUSON, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
to protect the land fund, for school purposes, in
Sarpy county, Nebraska Territory; which was
read a first and second tune, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
FRANCISCO LOPEZ URRIZA.
Mr. RITCHIE. I made a report yesterday
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, adverse
to the claim of Francisco Lopez Urriza; and I
now ask that the papers m that case be withdrawn
from the files of the House, and that they be re-
ferred to the Court of Claims. I think it is a
proper case for the action of that court.
It was ordered accordingly.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to yield to me a moment in order
that I may ask leave to withdraw certain papers.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 object to every-
thing that is not in the regular order.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I take the floor, then, to
submit a report from the Committee 011 Foreign
Affairs 011 French spoliations. The bill which I
report is a copy of the bill which was vetoed by
President Pierce. It makes no direct appropria-
tion, and therefore does not require a committal.
Mr. SEWARD. I thought the gentleman yes-
terday got the floor, by consent, to submit some
reports from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and that it was the general understanding he should
occupy the floor this morning on the Claytori-Bul-
-wer question. I did not understand that he was
to come here and submit other reports this morn-
ing.
The SPEAKER. The call of committees for
reports was suspended yesterday with the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BURNETT. I thought it was the under-
standing that the gentleman from North Carolina
would occupy the floor this morning by general
consent. The regular order I understand to be
the Minnesota bill. I thought it was the under-
standing that the gentleman took the floor by gen-
eral consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so under-
stand it. The understanding was, that one hour
should he devoted to reports from committees.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, as I have
said, I am instructed by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs to report a bill to provide for the as-
certainment and satisfaction of claims of Ameri-
can citizens for spoliations committed by the
French prior to tho 1st day of July, 1801; and I
am also instructed to move that its further con-
sideration be postponed for two weeks from this
day. Gentlemen may prefer its committal to the
Committee of theWhole on the state of the Union.
Of course I have 110 right to give any direction to
the matter. If any gentleman desires to make that
motion he can do so.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. BARKSDALE. This is an important bill, |
and it strikes me that it ought to be referred to ;
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the 1
Union. I make that motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I made the motion that
the report of the committee be postponed to the
19th day of May, and ordered to be printed; but
I withdraw it for the reception of the motion of
tho gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. SEWARD. If I have the floor, I move
that the subject be postponed until the 15th day
of February next.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my motion
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and move that it belaid
on the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Ifthe gentleman will with-
diaw his motion to lay upon the table, and the
House disagree to the postponement, I will then
move myself that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee of tho Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw the motion
to lay upon the table, and move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of tho Whole 011 the
state of the Union.
Mr. SHORTER. Is an amendment in order
to the motion of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SHORTER. I move that the bill be post-
poned to the first Monday in January next.
Mr. FAULKNER. Docs that bill make an
appropriation of money ? If so, I would like to
know whether, under the rules of the House, it
should not go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Neither of the motions now
pending renders it necessary for the Chair to de-
termine that question. The Chair has not exam-
ined the bill. The question to postpone may bo
taken without the necessity of a decision of the
question of order raised by the gentleman fiom
Virginia.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Has the gentleman
from Mississippi withdrawn the motion to lay
upon the table?
Mr. BARKSDALE. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. SEWARD. Was my motion to postpone
to the 10th day of February entertained?
The SPEAKER. It was not. The gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Bauksdaie] had the floor
at the time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As the call for the previous
question cuts off the motion to postpone, I ask
for a division on seconding the call for tho pre-
vious question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If the previous question be
seconded, what will be its effect?
The SPEAKER. It will out off the motion to
postpone.
Mr. GREENWOOD.
question ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to commit.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 withdraw the call for
the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then let us take the vote
on the postponement of the subject. If that be
voted down, then the bill can be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I renew tho call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Does that bring the House
to a direct vote on the passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will bring the House to a
vote on the motion to commit; and, if that be voted
down, then the question will be 011 ordering the
bill to be engrossed, and read a third time.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded tellers on second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would like to have
a question about this bill decided. I believe the
rule requires that all propositions touching appro-
priations of money shall first be considered in a
Committee of the Whole House. Now, sir, while
this bill may be drawn so as not to make an ap-
propriation directly, it provides, as I understand,
for the issuance of five millions of United States
bonds; it provides for commissioners at salaries of
$3,000, and various persons at other salaries, and
that certainly touches appropriations of money,
though it. may not directly make an appropria-
tion; because, if this bill passes, appropriations
i must as naturally follow as one thing can follow
What will bo the next
another. It certainly has direct relation to an ap-
propriation; and comes, in my opinion, within the
rule which requires all bills of that character to be
first considered in Committee of the Whole House.
If I recollect the rule, it does not say "proposi-
tions making appropriations," but " touching ap-
propriations."
The SPEAKER. The language is, " all pro-
ceedings touching appropriations of money shall
first be considered in Committee of the Whole
House."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This certainly does
touch an appropriation of money.
Tlie SPEAKER. The gentleman from Tennes-
see has anticipated the question of order. When
the matter properly arises, the Chair will decide
the question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think now is
the time, for if tint shall be the decision of tho
Chair, the bill must go to the Committee of the
Whole House.
The SPEAKER. There is a proposition to
postpone. It is competent for the House to post-
pone without the question arising whether the bill
must be sent to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union or not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suggest that we take the '
vote by tellers, on the question whether it shall
be postponed or not; and if that is not carried we
will all agree to commit the bill.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I insist upon the previous
question. That, if sustained, will bring the House
directly to a vote upon referring to a Committee
of tho Whole House, and that is my object.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to inquire, if the
previous question is sustained, and the House
refuses to commit tho bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, whether the
bill would not be put directly upon its passage ?
The SPEAKER. If the question of o?der
raised by the gentleman from Tennessee should
be decided adversely to the views of that gentle-
man, it would be.
Tellers were ordered on seconding the previous
question; and Messrs. Clemens and Andrews
were appointed.
Mr. PHILLIPS. In order that there may be
a direct vote upon the proposition, I will with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
No objection being made, the demand was
withdrawn.
The question was first upon the amendment of
Mr. Shorter to postpone until the 15th day of
January next.
Mr. SHORTER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clemeks
and AjniBKffs were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 6G, noes 60.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The motion as amended was then agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the postponement w®s
agreed to, and also moved .to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
E. G, SQUIER.
Mr. SICKLES, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of E.
George Squier, of New York; .which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of _
the Whole House, and, with the report, ordered'
to be printed. ' :
CENTRAL AMERICA.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now report the resolve
tion which I presented yesterday, but withdrew.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Will the gentle-
man from North Carolina give way that I may
offer a substitute ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire ©£
the gentleman from. North Carolina whether -tie-
has reported a simple resolution or a joint resQ-.
lution? • ,
Mr. CLINGMAN. They are simply House
resolutions. ■ .
The SPEAKER. The resolutions will be Kgatf.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That inasmuch as tlie United Statesean never
consent that any foreign Power shall have the right to eute*
our territory with a view of l'orcibiv narrvmg away any-per-
son who may be therein, so it becomes the duty of tins Gov-
ernment to disavow anddisciarm all right on its. part to enter
for tho ^aiiie purpose the territory of uoyloreign Powrrrtr
State with which we are 011 terms of amity or friendship. :
