1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the resolu-
tion, by adding as an additional specification:
4. The name of every person employed directly or indi-
r< ctly, connected with the collection of the revenue either
as officer or agent, and the amount of compensation paid to
each, and the'luw under wiiieh such officer or agent was
appointed-
Mr. GREEN. I accept the amendment.
The'resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
WILLIAM HOWELL.
Mr. BELL. I move that the Senate take up
the hill (H. R. No. 513) granting an invalid pen-
sion to William Howell, of Tenhessee. The Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has examined
the report, and I take it that when he says the bill
is proper, no Senator will object to it. The man
is very old, and unable to get a living.
Mr. CLAY. Has the bill been referred to the
Committee on Pensions?
Mr. BELL. Yes, sir, and reported favorably;
and the Senatorfrom Georgia has, at my request,
examined the case, and he says it is right.
The motion was'agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of William Howell, of Tennes-
see, on the invalid pension roll at the rate of eight
dollars a month, commencing February 23,1858,
and continuing during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the 'third time, and passed.
MORDECAl's AND DELAFIELB's REPORTS.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and Militia, reporte'd a joint resolution
(S. No. 53) directing the printing of certain re-
ports therein mentioned; which was read twice
by unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It provides for the publication, for the use of
the Army and militia, of ten thousand copies of
the reports of Major Delafield and Major Mor-
decai, of the United States Army, on the state of
military organization, fortification, and ordnance,
as observed by them in the States of Europe
during the campaign in the Crimea, and appro-
priates for this purpose $43,500, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH WEBB.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (H. R. No. 347) for the relief of Joseph
Webb.
Mr. CLAY. I object.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 hope the Senator will not
object. Allow me to state the case. The bill has
passed the House of Representatives, and the
Senate committee have considered it and reported
itunanimously. Theinvalid isnowin the posses-
sion of a pension of six dollars a month. By two
as eminent surgeons as there are in the State of
Maine it is certified that his disability is total;
and this bill proposes to make his pension eight
dollars a month for total disability.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw the objection to that;
but I will object to all other pension bills this
year.
The motion to take up-the bill was agreed to;
and it was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to increase Joseph Webb's j
pension from six to eight dollars a month, from |
January 1, 1A>2. . i
Mr. CLAY. I must object to that. It violates
an established principle of the committee of which
I am a member; and the Senator from Maine is
mistaken in saying this bill is reported unani-
mously by the committee. It goes back to 1853.
I do not understand for what reason it relates
back. , _ ,
Mr. HAMLIN. I will state to the Senator the
reason. It is because the invalid then petitioned
Congress for the increase, ami the commi'tee re-
ported in favor of it; and the bill was passed
through one House at that time. It is adopting
the rule applied at the Department, that the pen-
sion shall commence from the time when the evi-
dence is complete. In this case it was complete
at the time named in the bill. Ihat has been the
rule of the committee, and forty bills have been
passed on the same principle.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
OREGON MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to take up the bill (H.
R- No. 56) making appropriation for the comple-
tion of the military road from Astoria to Salem,
m Oregon Territory. Some money was appro-
priated for the construction of a road from Astoria
to Salem, which was intended to be, simply a
wagon road; but the money only sufficed to make
it a good wagon road for part of the way, and for
the rest of the route only a bridle path. The
appropriation now asked for is to make it a wagon
road from one place to the other. It is important
in several relations. If an enemy were to appear
on the Columbia river, the Willamette valley,
containing the great bulk of the population of
Oregon at this time, as it probably ever will,
would be compelled to furnish troops for the de-
fense of Astoria and the mouth of the Columbia.
Indian depredations may be committed in the val-
ley of the Willamette, and they rely on Astoria
for arms and supplies. During a large portion
of the year they cannot send by water on account
of ice and other obstacles, and they are compelled
therefore to go by land. This road is direct from
one point to the other, cutting off thegreatelbow
which is-made by the two rivers, and is deemed
of great importance for military and territorial
purposes, whether we look to defense against the
Indians or a foreign foe on the exterior. This is
the only one of this class of bills, of the number
before them, on which the committee have acted
favorably, except in regard to one other road, for
which they put an amendment on an appropria-
tion bill—a road west from Arkansas. I move to
take up this bill, and I hope there will be no objec-
tion to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered, as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $30,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of
War.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FITCH, it was
Ordered. That the paper* m theca^e of C. Alexander and
T. Barnaul, on the iiies of the Senate, be let'eired to the
Couit of Claims.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That Catharine Keller have leave to withdraw
; her petitions and papers.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (S. No.
424) for the relief of Georgiana M. Lewis. j
DES MOINES LAND GRANT. j
Mr. JONES. I ask the Senate to do me the !
favor to take* up the bill (S. No. 386) reported,
from the Committee on Public Lands, to amend
" An act granting lands to the Territory of Iowa
to aid in the improvement of the Des Moines river
in said Territory."
Mr. GREEN. I object to that. You cannot
pass that bill at this hour.
Mr. JONES. It does not a&k for an acrc of
land or a cent of money, but proposes me'rely to
divert a grant of land made to the State of Iowa
for the construction of a canal from that purpose,
and allow it to be applied to the construction of a
railroad which is being made.
Mr. CLAY. Is there any report on the sub-
ject?
Mr. JONES. I do not know whether there is
any report or not.
Mr. CLAY. If there is, I should like to hear
i it.
i Mr. STUART. I can state to the Senator from
i Alabama what the case is. There was a grant of
■ land made for the improvement of the Des Moines
I river; but it has been ascertained satisfactorily to
, the committee that the land thus appropriated will
be useless. There is a balance of it remaining,
and the object of the bill is to apply that balance
for the construction of a railroocl m the vicinity.
I Mr. GREEN. I object to the consideration of
1 the bill. _ . ,
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to take
i it up is in order.
Mr. STUART. The effect is torallowthe di-
version of the land frorq the improvement of the ;
river to the construction of a railroad, provided it
creates no addition to the amount, nor m anywise .
affects the construction of the grant. The bill'
raises the single question whether the land shall
be diverted from that purpose to the construction
of a railroad, that is all.
Mr. GREEN. Itinvolves other things. When,
the grant was made, it was for the purpose of im-
proving the navigation of the Des Moines river.
The Des Moines river is the common boundary
between the States of Missouri and Iowa for about
forty miles. The grant was supposed to benefit
Missouri as much as Iowa to the extent of the
forty miles. They made their contracts, com-
menced their work, and prosecuted it. They now
owe large sums to the contractors who undertook
the work on the faith of the lands; and if they can .
divert the proceeds of the lands, they will not only
violate public faith to Missouri, disappoint public
expectation with regard to the improvement, but
they will violate their contracts to their contract-
ors who have done the woik. The diversion ought
not to be made. It is sought by a local influence
for the benefitof the town of Keokuk,and notthe
public. The river Des Moines enters the Missis-
sippi river about four and a half or five miles be-
low the town of Keokuk; and it is found that the
completion of the work according to the contract,
and according to the terms of the grant, will take,
the trade of the rich valley of the Des Moines
away from Keokuk. They are determined to
force it to Keokuk, and, to accomplish that end,
to abandon the improvement of the Des Moines
river; and, instead of improving the Des Moines
according to the terms of the grant, to make arail-
rofid by which they can carry the trade to the city
of Keokuk, and prevent it coming down the Des
Monies.
Mr. CLAY. With the consent of the Senator
from Missouri, I rise to move that the Senate take
a recess until seven o'clock. We shall be obliged
to sit here to-night until a late hour. The House
has taken a recess.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Iowa that we cannot let his bill pass;
and, therefore, he ought not to insist upon it.
Mr. JONES. I am very confident that if the
Senator from Louisiana, or any Senator in this
body knew the whole case, he would not object,
except, perhaps, the Senator from Missouri and
his colleague, and 1 do not believe his colleague
would object if he were here, or if he did, it would
at all events, be against the wishes of the city of
St. Louis.
Mr. GR.EEN. I know all about it.
Mr. JONES. I know all about it myself.
Mr. GREEN. I have yielded the floor for the
motion for a re.cess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Iowa yield his motion?
Mr. JONES. No, sir.
Mr. CLAY. I had the floor by the consent of
the Senator from Missouri, and moved to take a.
recess.
Mr. JONES. I am willing to allow a recess to
be taken, but I cannot yield the bill.
Mr. STUART. I.desire, if it would suit the
convenience of Senators, to fix the meeting at half
an hour earlier than is proposed, for the reason
that I wish the Senate to go into executive ses-
sion. I am charged with two reports which will
consume considerable time of the Senate to dis-
pose of in executive session. I only make the
suggestion. [" Oh, no; seven o'clock."} Very
well.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate took
a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; which were thereupon signed by
the Vice President:
An act for the relief of Georgiana M. Lewis;
An act for the relief of Nancy Magill, of Ohio.
COMMITTEE REPOKT.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee to Audit
