886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
which disentitles him to a seat ? I have really no
feeling about this; but I would like to hear the
gentleman, as I know that what he says will be
to the point.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. With me it is a per-
sonal disqualification, which half a century would
not work out. I do not know that it could be
called an unpardonable sin;but I believe that if a
member was capable of committing such a sin, it
ought to be so considered.
Mr. SEWARD. If the gentleman will pardon
me: I did not desire to know what objection might
strike him, as an individual, with so much force,
but whether there is a constitutional or legal per-
sonal disqualification to this individual ? That is
what I want to know.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will endeavor to
answer any question which any gentleman may
ask me, in the course of my remarks. And I reply
to the inquiry of the gentleman from Georgia, that
so far as anything connected with the action of
last Congress goes to work personal disqualifica-
tion, it is a matter for the House to determine. I
do not undertake to say that there has been any
offense committed here which would, per se, dis-
qualify the member. But when be comes and of-
fers himself here, he places himself within our pur-
view, and we have a right to look into his charac-
ter. I am not to be compelled to sit here with
felons and scoundrels, day by day, and to have
no power of redress, if I can find it under any
instrument under which I am acting.
Mr. SEWARD. I agree with the gentleman;
but I want the law. If there be no law, the fault
is with the legislative body for not passing one.
What I want to get at is this: as I said this morn-
ing, the Constitution, in cases of impeachment,
affixes a personal and permanent disqualification
on the person thus convicted. In reference to the
expulsion of members, and punishing them, the
framers of the Constitution omitted to put any dis-
qualification of that sort upon them. Now, I un-
derstand the gentleman's position to be, that iu
his own private discretion he attaches a disqual-
ification to the member because he thinks that the
member is not fit, on account ofsome moral defect
in his character, to occupy a seat with him. Now,
I want some law to define that, and I will be sat-
isfied.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hardly dare pre-
sume to think that I can succeed in satisfying
the gentleman. But I will come very briefly to
the points he has presented. The gentleman says,
that in the case of impeachment, the Constitution
would give us a right to expel the party. Well,
he is mistaken in that respect, according to his
own argument, if he goes by the Constitution.
Impeachment only works disqualification for the
office the party holds, according to the gentle-
man's construction, if you cannot go beyond the
time. According to his own doctrinc, it would
work no disqualification except as to the office
which the party might hold at the time.
But before I get there, I must touch more ex-
tensively on the point on which he seems to dwell
so much.
Now, sir, as to this question of power, which
has been so much talked about, and about which
gentlemen have felt under such great apprehen-
sionslestwe might exercise doubtful power. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nichols] said that he
was not clear on that subject; that he wanted the
matter referred to a committee, that they might
brush away these cobwebs of doubt that seem to
hang about his mind, and might enable him to see
clearly what his duty in the premises is. I think
that the remarks made by the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Smith] on this point were exceed-
ingly pertinent. The remarks themselves were
clear, and I think that if the gentleman from Ohio
had observed them, they would, perhaps, have
aided somewhat in clearing his mind. The gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Sf.ward,] when he
inquires after this power, will find it m the fifth
article of the Constitution, which has just been
read. It declares, all in one sentence, that each
House shall determine its iuIcs of proceeding,
punish its members for disorderly behavior, and,
with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a mem-
ber—not for disorderly behavior.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to have an understand-
ing in reference to this matter of impeachment.
The Constitution says that judgment in cases of
impeachment shall not extend further than re-
moval from office, and disqualification to hold or
enjoy any office of honor, trust, or profit, under
the United States. That is the disqualification.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. According to the gen-
tleman's own construction, the provision which
he quotes would extend only to the office which
the party held. That is the gentleman's construc-
tion, not mine. I hold no such thing. I am deal-
ing with his position. If he wants to mend that
he can have full liberty to do so.
Now, as I was remarking, each House has,
under the Constitution, the unquestionable power
to expel a member for any cause or without
cause. The gentteman contends that it has no
such power. Suppose that the House should by
a two-third vote expel you, Mr. Speaker, from
the House, and order the Doorkeeper to keep you
outside: I want to know what remedy you have
got? There is no power on earth to place you
back in your position. You might denounce the
act as unconstitutional, and might say that we
had violated the instrument we had sworn to sup-
port. But all this would not relieve you. It does
not relieve you. But there is a power in the Con-
stitution. it is intended that it should be there
for great and important public purposes.
Before I pass from this branch of the case, I
want to refer the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nich- ;
ols] to a case that 1 think ought to be some au-
thority with him. There was a case presented
in the tenth Congress—the case of Senator John
Smith, of Ohio. It was referred to a select com-
mittee, of which Mr. Adams was chairman. The
committee was composed of Messrs. Adams, Ma-
clay, Franklin, Smith of Maryland, Pope,Thrus-
ton,and Anderson. The charge ngainstMr. Smith
was that he had been guilty of a complicity with
the Burr conspiracy. It was referred to that com-
mittee for investigation. Mr Adams at that time
\va3 the loader of Mr. Jefferson's administration
in the Senate of the United States. After mature
deliberation that committee made a report. The
following is so much of it as refers to the power
of Congrpss. I think it applies the matter in so
jplcar a light that the gentleman from Ohio, even,
will be able to see it.
"The power of expelling a member for misconduct re-
salts, on the punciple of common sense, from the interest
of the nation, that the high tiust of legislation should be
invested in pure hands. When th« trust is elective, it is
not to be presumed that the constituent body will commit
the deposit to the keeping oi worthless characters. But
when a man, whom his tellow-citizens have honoied with
their confidence, on the pledge of a spotless reputation, has
degraded himself by the commission of infamous crimes,
winch become suddenly and unexpectedly revealed to the
world, defective indeed would be that institution which
should be impotent to discard from its bosom the contagion
of such a moinber; which should have no lernedy of am-
putation to apply until the poison had reached the heart.
<k The question upon the tnal of a criminal cause, before
the court* of common law, is not between guilt and inno-
cence, but between guilt and the possibility oi innocence.
Tf a doubt can possibly be raised, either by the ingenuity of
the party or his counsel, or by the operation of eenetai mles
in their unforeseen application to particular cases, that doubt
must be decisive for acquittal, and the veulict of not guilty,
perhaps, in nine cases out of ten, means no more than that
the guilt ofthc paity has not been demonstrated in the pre-
cise, specific, and nairow forms prescribed bylaw. The
humane spiut of the laws multiplies the bairieis lor the pro-
tection of innocence, and freely admits that these baincrs
may be abused for the shelter of guilt. It avows a strong
partiality iavorable to the person upon tnal, and acknowl-
edges the prelerence that ten guilty should escape rather
than that one innocent should suffei The interest of the
public that a particular crime .should be punished, is but as
one to ten, compaied with the interest of the party, that
innocence should be spared. Acquittal only lestoies the
party to the common rights of every other citizen : it restores
him to no public tiust; it invests him with no public confi-
dence ; it substitutes the sentence oi meicy foi the doom of
justice; and to the eyes? of impartial reason, in the great
majority of ca^es, must be considered rathei as a pardon
than a justification.
" But when a member of a legislative body lies under the
imputation of aggravated offenses, and the determination
upon his cause can opeiate only to remove htm from a sta-
tion of extensive powers and important trust, tins dispto-
portion betwen tli". interest of the public and the mteiest
of the individual, disappears ; if any disproportion exists,
it is of an opposite kind. It is not better that ten traitors
should be membeis of this Senate, than that one innocent
man should «after expulsion. In either case, no doubt, the
evil would be great. But, m the former, it would strike at
the vitals of the nation; in the latter it might, though deeply
to be lamented, only be the calamity of an individual.
" By the letter of the Constitution, the power of expelling
a member is etven to each of the two Houses of Congress,
without any limitation other than that which requues a
concurrence of two thirds of the votes to give it effect.
"The spirit of the Constitution i«, perhap^m no respect
more remarkable than in the solicitude which it has man-
ifested to secure the purity of the Legislatnre by that oi the
elements of its composition. A qualification of age is made
necessary for tfte members, to insure the maturity of their
judgment; a qualification of long citizenship, to insure a
community of interests and affections between them and
their country ; a qualification of residence, to provide a sym-
pathy between every member and the portion of the Union
from winch he id delegated; and to guard, as far as regula-
tion can guaid, against every bias of'personal interest, and
every hazatd of interfering duties, it has made every mem-
ber of Congress ineligible to office which he contributed to
create, and every officer of the Union incapable of holding
a seat m Congress. Yet, in the midst of ail this anxious
providence of legislative virtue, it has not authorized thn
constituent body to recall in any case its representative. It
has not subjected him to removal by impeachment; and
when the darling of the people's choice has become their
deadliest foe, can it entei the imagination of a reasonable
man that the sanctuary of their legislation must remain pol-
luted with his presence, until a court of common law, with
its pace of snail, can ascertain whether his crime was com-
mitted on the right or on the left bank of a river; whether
a puncture of difference can be found between the words
of the charge and the words of the proof; whether the wit-
nesses of his guilt should or should not be hfcard by his jury;
and whether he was punishable, because present at an overt
act, or intangible to public justice, because he only contrived
and prepared it. Is it conceivable that a traitor to that coun-
try which has loaded him with favors, guilty to the common
understanding of all mankind, should be suffered to return
unquestioned to that post of honor and confidence, where,
in the zenith of his good fame, he had been placed by the
esteem of his countrymen, and in defiance of their wishes,
in mockeiy of their fears, surrounded by the public indig-
nation, but inaccessible to its bolt, puisue the purposes of
treason in the heart of the national council's? Must the
assembled rulers of the land listen with calmness and in-
difference, session after session, to the voice of notorious
infamy, until the sluggard step of municipal justice can
overtake his enormities? Must they tamely see the lives
and fortunes of millions, the safety of present and future
ages, depending upon his vote, recorded with theirs, merely
because the abused benignity of general maxims may have
remitted to him the forfeiture of his life?
"Such,in very supposable cases, would be the unavoid-
able consequences of a principle which should offer the
crutches of judicial tnbunals as an apology for crippling the
congressioi+al powcrof expulsion. Far different, m the opin-
ion of your committee, is the spirit of our Constitution.
They believe that the very purpose for which this power
was given, was to preserve the Legislature from the first
approaches of infection.* That it was made discretionary
because it could not exist under the procrastination of gen-
eral rules; that its process must be summary, because it
would be rendered nugatory by delay."
Mr. NICHOLS. I have to confess to the gen-
tleman from Illinois my ignorance that the illus-
trious family of Smith had ever represented the
State of Ohio on the floor of the Senate, and that
the particular, individual John had a case there
in point. But I conceive the gentleman did not
meet the case that the House has the power to
punish twice for the same offense.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman is
determined to be blinded. He is determined not
to see, and returns to his old point. He says
that this does not touch the old question whether
we have the power to punish a man twice for the
same offense. I give him up, and will pursue him
no further in that connection.
Here is a document elaborately prepared by one
of the ablest committees of the Senate, consider-
ing a case that, in some of its aspects, is precisely
like this. The affair occurred outside of the Sen-
ate. It was not in violation of its rules of order.
It was an offense, however, which the Senate
deemed it its duty to take cognizance of. The
committee reported on it that the Senate had full
power, as we claim here. The vote stood in the
Senate—19 to 10; one vote lacking the two thirds
required to expel. I cannot conceive that any
member, after that derision, can desire any au-
thority stronger than that cited. Now, sir, if the
gentleman's argument is sound, we may be com-
pelled to associate here daily with felons; men who
have been guilty of treason; men who have been
convicted of treason, if you please, and we cannot
reach back to the session of Congress in which we
passed upon their conduct. It is utterly impos-
sible for us to reach a man, no matter how gross
his offense may be, unless we have this power
given in this clause of the Constitution; and, if it
is given at all, it is given in the whole breadth of
Us language. And the result would be, that though
the last Congress had power to purify itself of an
obnoxious member, yet, although we are as well
satisfied as they were that he is unfit to be a mem-
ber, we are compelled, from this lack of power, to
sit here from day to day and endure the odium on
account of our inability to purify ourselves of a
member whom the unanimous vote of the prece-
ding Congress might have decided was unfit to a
seat at all.
Now, gentlemen have talked about his constit-
uents indorsing him. I submit that that does not
change the power of the House. The House
have the same power after his constituents have
