zm®
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
ami Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, to whom was referred a resolution relative
to the price to be allowed for binding the Con-
gressional Globe and Appendix for the Thirty-
FouYth Congress, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
des moines land grant.
- Mr. "WADE. I move that the Senate take up
House joint resolution No. 36.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator that there is a bill before the
Senate, and a question pending—a bill in relation
to the grant of land to Iowa for the improvement
of the Des Moines river.
Mr. WADE. I was not aware of that.
Mr. CrWIN. I hope that will be laidaside, as
the gentlemen intei-ested in it are not here. There
was a joint resolution reported to-day in connec-
tion with a mail route to California. It is a mat-
ter of great importance, and I hope it will be taken
up.
The VICE PRESIDENT'. There is a bill be-
fore the Senate, and some disposition must bo
made of it.
Mr. STUART. The bill under consideration
is one which will be discussed so much that I
think it cannot pass at this session. I move,
therefore, simply to postpone it.
The motion was agreed to.
widows' half pay.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up House
joint resolution'(No. 36) giving a construction to
the second section of the act of February 3,1853,
" to continue half pay to certain widows and or-
phans."
Mr. STUART. It is obvious that that cannot
pass at this session of Congress. I have in my i
a rawer certain facts which I have had there for
two years, and it would occupy, at least, an hour
or two to present them; and 1 know that there
are other Senators who are disposed to go into a
very lengthy consideration of that question. The
■whole subject was debated two years ago in the
Senate on an appropriation bill; and. after a very
lengthy debate, the Senate rejected a similar prop-
osition.
Mr. WADE. I am very sorry to hear the gen-
tleman say the bill shall not pass on account of
any information he may have in regard to'it that
has been on hand so long. I will not, at this time, |
go into the merits of the joint resolution; but I
will say that, after the most elaborate and care-
ful examination of the whole question before the
Court of Claims, after counscl had been heard on
both sides, that court came to the conclusion that
the consttuction which is affirmed by this resolu-
tion was just and legal.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator is a little mis-
taken in saying that counsel were heard on both
sides, for this reason: the solicitor of the United
States, after hearing the argument on the other I
side, said he did not see that there was any an- '
swer to it, and he declined to make an argument
on the pait of the United States against the claim.
Mr. WADE. That was equivalent to a hear-
ing; he examined it and gave it up. The solici-
tor, a very good lawyer, a competent man, agreed j
upon this construction of the law, which, in my
judgment, is too plain for argument, and so did
the Court of Claims. The court gave several
judgments, for there are a great many cases de-
pending on the same construction, and that is the
reason why, I suppose, the House of Represent-
atives, instead of passing a private bill for each of
those cases, adopted the resolution under consid-
eration, which gives a legislative construction to
the act of 1853 conforming exactly to the decis-
ion of the court. It was argued, deliberated upon
by some of the most astute and I may say some
of the most economical gentlemen of the other
House. The resolution was most carefully drawn,
I believe, by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, of that
House, who is not very likely to give a very loose
There is a great number of widows whose rights
depend upon this construction of the law. -I sup-
pose most of the members of this and the other
'House have been applied to to present petitions
j for relief under the construction of the law which
j this resolution gives. They are old; they are fast
[ passing away, and if we intend to give them the
! benefits of this law, we should do it now. They
! are all of them old ladies. Many of them are
dying off every year. This resolution is so care-
fully worded that it does not apply to any but
those who are living at this time, so that it will
take no great sum out of the Treasury to adjust
these claims. I hope there will he no factious op-
position to the resolution, because it is in the
power of one or two to put it over. I hope no such
thing will be resorted to against the rights of these
old ladies. I do not wish to argue the case.
Mr. STUART. It was not, as the Senator from
Ohio seems to suppose, from any factious dispo-
sition in regard to this measure that I made the
suggestion I did. The paper to which I referred
is a copy of a communication addressed by the
Secretary of the Interior to the then Presiding
Officer of the Senate, dated February 25th, 1857,
in response to a resolution of the Senate inquiring
of him what amount of money would be required
to answer the provisions of this measure, and he
incloses a copy of a communication Horn the
Commissioner of Pensions, in which it is stated
that it will require $1,187,500 to satisfy the re-
quirements of this measure; and two years ago,
or about that time, the Senator from Ohio who
makes this motion moved to amend a general ap-
propriation bill, by inserting an appropriation of
three hundred or three hundred and fifty thousand
dollars to be applied to those cases. As I stated
before, the subject was then elaborately discussed
in the Senate, the decision of the Court of Claims
was reviewed, and some of the best legal minds
in the Senate came to the conclusion that an opin-
ion of that character could not be sustained, and
this body, after full discussion, voted down the
amendment, thus signifying their sense in regard
to the proposition. It was for that reason that I
suggested that if a measure were now taken up,
which, according to the statements of the Interior
Department, appropriates §1,187,500, it would
not probably be disposed of to-night.
I remember that there was a great difference of
opinion in regard to the law. 1 recollect that my
friend from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and my friend
from Missouri, [Mr. Green,] argued it, and, as
I said, some of the ablest minds in the Senate
came to the conclusion that the Court of Claims
were incorrect. I say, then, to my honorable
friend from Ohio, that it was in no factious spirit,
and in no spirit of prophecy, that I suggested it
would not be wise or judicious to seek to pass this
bill to-night; that it was entirely out of the ques-
tion. I think so, and therefore objected to taking
it up. I believe the Senate may as well dispose
of it on the motion to take it up, as ^_n any other
way. *
Mr. HAMLIN. I suppose the Senate is familiar
with the facts of this case, and I do not propose
to discuss them at all; but I wish to correct the
Senator from Michigan in a very material point.
He says the matter was discussed two years ago,
and the Senate decided against this measure by a
very decided vote. Now, what are the facts?
They are not as the Senator from Michigan sup-
poses; but my colleague offered an amendment to
the pension appropriation bill, providing that this
law should take effect pieciselyas this resolution
proposes, and the Senate adopted it by a vote of
two to one, after discussion, and sent it to the
House of Representatives, where it was rejected
on the ground that it was legislative matter at-
tached to an appropriation bill.
Mr. STUART. I recollect that I talked with
my honorable friend from Maine about that matter;
and after our conversation the other day, 1 sent
for the Journals, and they were brought to my
desk, and what 1 say is true. It may not have
construction to any of these matters, and it passed ■! been two years ago; it may have been at the last
ii..i i    or\ Tt knr, vojtnl tr^wl II sussjiiut lin f. r>-> j- ta1 n 1 "t7 _ piflipr at flip first or last.
that body by a vote of 140 to 30. It has received
the sanction of the Committee on Claims of the i
Senate at a former Congress, and of the same |
committee unanimously at the present session.
Without going further into the merits, I think j
there is a strong prima facie case against what the
Senator from Michigan says is so plain that he
supposes the resolution cannot possibly pass.
session; but certainly, either at the first or last
session of the last Congress, what I have stated
did take place.
Mr. HAMLIN. What took place'at the last
session of Congress I am not familiar with; I
wasf not here then. I was speaking of what took
place two years ago, when, as I stated, the Senate
adopted an amendment giving this construction
to the law, a very large vote, and sent itto the
House of Representatives. That House rejected
it; it came back here and was discussed, and the
SenatorfromVirginia,thechairman of the Finance
Committee then and now,urged hisobjections to it
upon the ground that it did notbelong to that bill;
that while it was right in itself, it ought to be in
a separate bill. Now the House of Representa-
tives have sent it to us as a separate bill. There
are sixty or seventy cases now on the Calendar
of the House covered by its provisions, and it is
a question, 1 think, that ought to enter into its
merits, whether we shall dispose of the whole
matter by a general provision of the law, or wade
through each case separately. They are all re-
ported from the Court of Claims. The Court of
Claims have adjudicated, have determined that
this law does take effect in 1848. I drew the sec-
tion of the law myself, and I know what I in-
tended. I submitted it to "the then Secretary of
the Interior for his construction, and he told rfte
at the time that it would take effect in 1848. But"
I am not going to discuss the merits of the case
now.
One other fact, and that is as to the amount.
It would have taken about $1,100,000 to allow the
five years' half pay (from 1848 to 1853) to all these
claimants originally; but I imagine that it will
take little more than half that sum now. In 1853,
five years ago, the number was as stated in the
communication to which the Senator from Mich-
igan has referred, but thousands of them are dead
now, and the provisions of this resolution do not
attach to any one of them who has died since
the passage of the law, and therefore the amount
required will be many thousands of dollars less
than the estimate then made.
Mr. BAYARD. I have looked at this jointres-
olution this moment for the first time. I do not
know that I shall vote against it, and I agree with
the Senator from Maine that it is better to make
a general provision like this than to act on each
particular case, especially as they all depend upon
the construction of a law; but my objection is,
that this resolution, as I read it, refers to the de-
cision of the Court of Claims in the case of Jane
Smith; and I do not know .that the case of Jane
Smith has been before the Senate at all. I can only
say, for myself, that what the decision in the case
is, I do not know; no document containing it has
ever been given to me, and I have had no opportu-
nity of examining it. I pass no opinion about it. I
do not know whether it is right or wrong; because,
though the law required that copies of the opinions
of the Court of Claims should, in all cases, be de-
livered to every member of the Senate, I have never
received one in a solitary case myself. I have had
no opportunity of examining into the question.
I can pass no opinion upon the propriety either
of the individual case, or the class of cases in-
cluded in this resolution. Under these circum-
stances, I cannot be expected to vote in favor of
a measure which is to pass $1,000,000 out of the
Treasury, without knowing whether there be some
basis for it or not. If I had the opportunity to
examine it, the amount would not deter me from
voting for it if I conceived the measure right and
proper: but I have had no opportunity to inform
myself in regard to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. This question was very fully
argued at the last Congress, when we had time,
when a large number of this body were not en-
gaged in the necessary business of committees of
conference, when we had many members present,
and we decided that this measure ought not to
pass; and we were much indebted to the argument
of my honorable friend from Michigan [Mr. Stu-
art] on that occasion. Then, after deliberate ar-
gument by my friend from Ohio on the one side
and my friend from Michigan, and others, on the
other, the Senate said that this gratuity ought not
to be extended. We ought not to attempt to pass
such a measure on this last night of the session.
I esteem $1,250,000 as a matter of some conse-
quence to the Government, and I think we ought
not now to take up a measure which appropri-
\ ates that sum, in opposition to the deliberate
judgment of the Senate, heretofore expressed. As
far as I am concerned, if the measure is taken up,
I want to be fully heard on it. We ought to post-
pone it until the next session. It is a gratuity;
nobody has any right to it. I know we are all
abused for not attending to just claims on our
bounty; that is, the claims of those who ask us
