1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
indorsed him, that they had before; but until his
constituents have indorsed him he has no claim to
a seat in this House. In this case, as the gentle-
man from Virginia well remarked, he dodged a
voce of the House, prevented an expulsion here,
has refused up to this time to allow his constituents
to pass upon his course; and now it is claimed
that it would be an outrage, a wrong, a cruelty
for the House to pass judgment upon him here.
The case of Wilkes has been cited, and the gen-
tleman gave us a syllabus of that case. He stated
that the House of Commons subsequently re-
scinded the resolution which they had passed,
upon the ground that it was an outrage upon
public liberty. In that case his constituents had
passed upon his case four or five times, and had
returned him to the House of Commons. What
was the expulsion for? For a libel upon the
House, the language of which would have been
pronounced a libel by nobody except the corrupt
administration in power. The charge was not
true in the outset, and the punishment was re-
peated over and over and over again, for the same
offense,and afterhe had been indorsed by his con-
stituent body. The Journal was expunged, not
because the House of Commons had expelled him
again and again, but because there was originally
no cause for his expulsion.
Mr. SEWARD. The House of Commons
acted upon the presumption that a personal dis-
qualification attached to him, and he was not al-
lowed to take his seat. There was an old British
statute which fixed the disqualification of mem-
bers, and a proposition was made to change the
law.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman is
still splitting hairs. It is one of those refined ar-
guments I have been compelled to allude to from
the beginning. The great difference is, that gen-
tleman cannot see that there is any power. If the
gentleman will, and I have no idea he ever will,
place himself in the position of the gentleman
from New York, I trust he will have occasion to
feel the power, if he cannot see it.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope it will be applied to
me; and I hope the same rule will be applied to
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I would make no
complaint. I had no allusion to Blythe Island in
the world.
Mr. SEWARD. Nor did I refer to that Illinois
Central Railroad project. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Now, sir, the gen-
tleman from Louisiana [Mr. Taylor] had another
very remarkable refinement, to which I must pay
my respects. The gentleman argued that we had
power to expel for the cause enumerated in the
Constitution—disorderly behavior; that we must
first make the rule of tile House, and determine
what was disordeily conduct: and after we had
made the rules of the House and determined that,
then, if a member violated that rule, we could
expel him; and that, upon the ground that the
House " could determine the rules of its proceed-
ings, punish its members for disorderly behavior,
and, with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a
member." Well, sir, I think the argument is ex-
ceedingly unfortunate for the gentleman, because
this House, by its two-third action, makes the
rule when it expels a member. Is it enough to
say to me that the House has got to procced and
make a catalogue of offenses to include all svhich
have ever been perpetrated, in order to include
one which, by any possibility, could work the
disqualification or expulsion of a member; and
then, perchance, if some grander villain than we
have ever had before, could discover an offense
greater in enormity than those enumerated, we
, therefore could not expel him because our rules
did not happen to include the offense?
Sir, we make the rule when we apply the rem-
edy. I am talking now about the reasoning of
the gentleman. I do not, however, admit his
argument. If it be true that the House, by first
fixing the code of rules, can then punish a mem-
ber for a violation of those rules, then it can make
a rule, and, in five minutes thereafter, punish a
member for violating it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him if the principle that
he advocates is not exactly that of the rule which
is familiarly known as the Irish rule—a word and
a blow, and the blow first? [A laugh.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Exactly so; and
there is no better rule in the world than the Irish
rule for this case, and I am very sorry the gen-
tleman does not think so too. It is the very rule
that I would apply to all such cases as this. I
was only testing the gentleman's argument; if it
does not fit it is not my fault. I deny the whole
ground of the argument; but I say that if it is in
the power of the House to fix a rule which shall
work the disqualification of a member, and say
that any member who shall be shown to be guilty
is unfit to hold a seat here, we can apply the rem-
edy now. It does not come under the condition
of an ex post facto law. It is merely providing a
rule of qualification for those who are to sit here;
and if, after providing the rule, we find any mem-
bers here who do not come within the rule, they
are excluded. I think the argument, if it is like
the Irish one, is sufficient to answer the gentle-
man's argument.
Now, sir, 1 am not disposed to continue this
discussion. I think it must be apparent to the
House, both by the reason of the case and by pre-
cedents, too, that the power exists to expel a mem-
ber for any cause which by the House is deemed
sufficient. I am, therefore, willing to submit the
question as it now stands. I do not think that we
should gain any more information than we now
possess if we were to refer this question either to j
a standing or to a special committee. If, however, j
the House thinks otherwise, I shall not object;
but I, for one, shall vote against the reference. I i
think the House is prepared now to decide the j
question. The country desires that it should be '■
decided. From every quarter of the country but
one voice conies up, saying that this man is not .
worthy to be a member of this body; and there >
will be no act of the session which will more
strongly commend itself to the good sense of the
people than that which exhibits a determination, i
on the part of this body, to purify itself from such j
members as have shown themselves to be unwor- j
thy to sit here.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
a single question. He says that the country ex-
pects and demands of us this act. I desire to know
of him whether any portion of the constituents of
the accused member have asked anyactionof this
House >
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will answer that
question, Mr Speaker, with the greatest cheer-
fulness. I did not intend to have alluded to that
at all. The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Keitt] alluded to it. I did not intend to do so,
but I do it in response to the gentleman from Ver-
mont. Why, sir, I have received batches of let-
ters and newspapers from the district of the mem-
ber involved, requesting and demanding that this
should be done.
Mr. MORRILL. I want to know whether any
petitions have been presented to this House on
the subject?
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
Newspaper communications and outside letters
have nothing to do with this matter.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Thegcntleman from
Georgia is himself out of order, and I desire that
he shall take his seat. The gentleman from Ver-
mont is as well aware as I am whether there have
been any petitions presented on the subject. I do
not know and do not care whether the member's
constituents have petitioned for this action or not.
We are not acting in regard to the constituents of
the member. We are acting here for our own
purposes, for the purposes of the country. The
House, at the last session of Congress, declared
almost unanimously that this member, in declar-
ing that a large number of the members of this
House had associated themselves together, and
pledged themselves each to the other, not to vote
for any law or resolution granting money or lands
unless they were paid for it, had falsely and will-
fully assailed and defamed the character of this
House,and had proved himself unworthyto be a
member thereof. They also decided, by a vote of
125 to 17, that Orsamcs B. Matteson, a member
of the House from the State of New York, did
incite parties deeply interested in the passage of a
joint resolution for construing the Des Moines
grant to have here and to use a large sum of money
and other valuable considerations corruptly, for
the purpose of procuring the passage of said joint
resolution through the House.
Sir, the member stands convicted, first, of de-
faming the character of the House of which he
was a member; and, secondly, of corruption in
endeavoring to effect the passage of a law by the
use of money among the members of the House.
I need, sir, only to state tiie counts of the indict-
ment upon which he was convicted, and the ver-
dict of the House, to satisfy every member that
this man is not fit to occupy a seat here. I de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Illinois to yield me the floor for a moment, to
state some facts which are directly pertinent to
this case. I will renew the call for the previous
question, if he desires it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. There is other pub-
lic business which demands our attention; and I
must decline to withdraw the previous question.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman to
allow me a few moments, to say a word as to the
facts. I appeal to him, as a personal favor, to
withdraw the previous question, and allow me
ten minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is there a motion pending
to refer this resolution to a committee ?
The SPEAKER. There is; to a select com-
mittee, and also to a standing committee.
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman to allow me
a few moments. I will renew the demand for the
previous question, if he desires it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. If the gentleman
has any facts in his possession, of which the
House and the country are not aware, I will do
so. If he will state that he has anything new in
! the way of facts to present to the House, I will
\ withdraw the previous question.
i Mr. GROW. I desire to call the attention of
1 the House to facts which have not been adverted
■ to to-day, in this discussion.
| Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Well, that opens
! up a field as wide as the corruption itself. If the
| gentleman has any new facts to present, I will
, withdraw the previous question. If not, I cannot
I do it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. My colleague
does not wish to debate the question, but simply
to present facts.
Mr. GROW. I do not wish to involve myself
in any controversy with any one.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. He does not
wish to debate the resolution.
Mr. GROW. I ask the gentleman from Illinois
if he will not allow me to make my statement.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I yield to the solici-
tations of the gentleman; but I request him tore-
new the demand for the previous question when
he is through.
Mr. GROW. I can say all I desire to in a few
minutes. I propose to speak upon this point only,
whether the House should attempt to expel a
member for facts which existed at the time that
he was elected a member of Congress.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is not so.
Mr. GROW. Wait till you hear me before you
contradict it. The letter which was the basis of
this whole charge against Mr. Matteson was
known to his constituents when he was elected a
member of this Congress.
Several Members. Oh, no!
Mr. GROW. Gentlemen had better wait, be-
fore they deny my facts, till they hear the evi-
dence. It will be time enough when I get through.
Mr. Matteson was a member of the last Con-
gress. The committee of this House, in making
their investigation, introduced a letter sent by
him to William C. Johnson. That was the basis
of the charge. It was the principle allegation of
corruption. When Mr. Johnson was on the wit-
ness-stand, he was asked when he received that
letter, and he replied in July or August.
" Question, (by Mr. Okk.) When did you first have a con-
versation with Mr. Matteson on tlie subject of that letter?
"Jiiawer. It was after 1 had returned to Utica, when
Congress liad adjourned. .
« Question, (by Mr. Oru.) The existence of the letter
had at that time become public?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
That is the testimony of the witness, and do
gentlemen dispute it? A member elected to the
last Congress, passed under the censure of the
House ? And for what was he censured ? Be-
cause, as was alleged, he slandered the last House.
You said in your resolutions that it was a libel on
that body. How was it a libel? Because he had
said to Mr. Reverdy Johnson that twenty or thirty
members had combined together, and would not
vote for any measure unless they were paid for
