1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
H&9
Sackett's.Harbor. It was a gallant and noble
deed. Never was there an act more opportune.
It occurred at a time when there was nothing to
grace our trials on the lakes. It was the wave*
that moved forward to the glories that were sub-
sequently consummated on the lakes by our dis-
tinguished commander, Commodore OlfverPerry.
This capture was consummated with great gal-
lantry. The claim has been long- pending, and I
think it is just. In addition to that, some of the
members of the families concerned are in great
poverty, particularly the family of Commodore
Elliott. Where is there a gallant man who would j
be so recreant to courage and justice and every-
thing else, as to refuse to do what is proper in
regard to the wife and children of such a man,
very much reduced by poverty ? It is an honest
claim, and a small one; and i hope Senators will
not deny them this small boon. I sftall vote for
the bill with all my heart.
Mr. SLIE)ELL. My amendment is it) the eighth
line, to strike out the words "or to their legal
representatives;" in line nine, to strike out the
■words " legal representatives,"and insert " wid-
ow;" in line ten, to strike out "legal represent-
atives," and insert " child," and in lines twelve
and thirteen, strike out " or their legal represent-
atives;" so as to make the bill read:
Be it enacted, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and lie is hereby, authorized to pay, out of any money m
the Treasury not otherwise appiopriated, the sum of;j? 25,000
to the captors of the British brioj Caledonia, on the 8th of
October, 1812, on the Niagara rivei, near Fort Eue. Tne
payment to be made to the widow of the late Captain Je-^o
D. Elliott, to the child of the late General Nathan Towson,
then a captain of aitiliery,and to the officers and men en-
gaged in the capture aforesaid, in such piopomons as each
may be found to be entitled to, accoidmg to the Usages of the
naval service.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. It is an ungracious and un-
pleasant task to object to a bill of this character,
connected as it is with the past history of the
country, and services which one is notdisposed to
deny; but I have read the teport accompanying
this bill, and I confess it does not satisfy me. The
difficulty is to account for the lapse of time; for
Congress was exceeding liberal in reference to
acts of gallantry connected with the war of 1812,
and there are some facts which are obscure. My
difficulty is to know why no application was made
to Congress in reference to these acts during the
ton'* period of time when both Commodore Elliott
and General Towson were alive. There are some
things connected with the report which have raised
doubts tn my mind connected with a decree of the
district court in New York, with reference to the
rights of the captors, which is said to have been
lost or burned. That is not satisfactory to me.
J do not know that I shall vote against the bill; but
I would rather have a more satisfactory explana-
tion than the report shows before I can support it.
Mr. BELL. If the Senator from Delaware had
examined the papers fully—it was not thought
proper to cumber the report with all of them—he
would have found the fullest and mostample ex-
planation of the whole delay. It was owing to
the pride of General Towson. He was not vol-
untarily noticed at the time of the transaction by
C'nngress, and it was with some difficulty that
General Scott, and other distinguished o'fficets
then in command, could prevail upon him to re-
main in the service. He considered himself a
wounded man m his honor, by the ne^lect_on the
part of Congress to notice him; although it was
not a willful neglect; but such was the spirit of
the man. Until within a very fchort time before
his death in this city, he would never consent to
brin£ forward the claim, and then it was princi-
pally on account of the widow of Captain Elliott,
and not on his own account, so far as the_ pecu-
niary matter was concerned. Al,l the circum-
stances are calculated to do honor to the spirit and
character of General Towson. My honorable
friend from Delaware must know that he distm-
guished himself on the northern frontier on mure !;
occasions than this. '!
Mr. BAY A 11D. 1 have no doubt of it. m
Ml. BELL. In this very fight, although the jj
little boat with which he was to seize the Caledo- ,i
ma manned principally by sailors, he had a .i
few trusty men of his own artillery company 'j
with him, and when the naval officer who was
m command of the boat ordered his pilot to pull ij
out of the way, for he could not effect a landing
against the Caledonia, he asked the pilot: " Can
you reach the ship," and he said: "Oh, yes,
sir." Then go ahead; I assume the respons-
ibility and the command," said Towson; and
afl&r a gallant affair, though rather bloody and
desperate, he captured the ship. It was the pride
of the man that prevented him from making the
application to have justice done him, or even his
gallant companions; but some of them fell into
poverty, or General Towson never would have
applied for any portion of the value of the ship.
}f the honorable Senator from Delaware had
read all the papers he would have found that the
Caledonia, which had just arrived from the upper
lakes, was laden with valuable furs, estimated 1)y
some, I believe, to be worth $20J,000. Some of
the coarser furs, the bear-skins and others, that
could be made useful to the Army m the severity
of that winter, were used by the Army; but the
fine furs were taken to New York and sold, as it
was understood, on account of the captors. The
moneys were received by the clerk of the court,
but he proved a defaulter. We are not able to
say what was the value of the furs that were sold,
but not one cent of the money was ever paid to
the captors. The honorable Senator would have
found that m the papers if he had examined them
fully. 1 hope thataccdtmts for the circumstances.
The $25,000 here appropriated includes no part
of the cargo, but simply the estimated value of
the vessel alone.
Mr. BAYARD. .1 have not looked at the pa-
pers; I could not pretend to read them; I trusted to
the committee, so far as to state what they show;
and my objections arose on the face of the report.
The report i«? not a long one, and I ask for its
reading, and then I shall state the doubt that arises
in my mind upon it.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
John Sherman, in the House of Representatives,
on the 21st of January:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom were referred
the nietnouals of the repiesentatives of General Nathan
Towson. late of the United States Army, now *dec«ased,
and David R. Whitely, a member of Ins company, now ot
Baltimore, asking payment for the capture oc the 13nti-.li
br g Caledonia in tin: war of 1812, have had the same under
consideration, and repoit:
That the faetx m relation to tin* claim are fully and clearly
stated in a report ot the Committee on Naval Affair* made
to the Senate on the 7th of July, 185o. Your committee,
after a careful examination of the pa;n"> on file and tne h.n-
torical record-- of the captuic of the Caledonia, concur fully
in tile statements and recommendations of that repot i, and
have therefore embodied rhesub-.tanc«and mostot the lan-
guage of that report herein.
It appeals from the official account of Lieutenant Jes-se
D. Elliott, dated October 9, 11*1:3, and other document*, that
being in command of the public aimed vessels at Black Ruck,
he conceived the idea of capuuing two British brigs, the
Detroit and Caledonia, which had ju^t come down Lake
Erie and anchored, the fust about uvo mile- above the tort,
on the British side of the river, and the latter immediately
under the gun^ of the fort.
That, being short of force, Lieutenant Elliott, applied to
Gerieial Smyth lor volunteers Jiom the Army. The amlleiy
companies of Captain^ Towson and Baikt i weie allowed to
furni&h pan of the (juota, v/hil-t another portion was taken
from the infantry The-e arnllHi^ eompanvfs belonged to
Colonel Scott's command Captains Towson and Baiker
being of equal rank, the command was- decided by lot, and
the pnvilege was a^isrnod to Captain Towson. [See the
lettei of General Winfield Scott, pane 6. punted statement.
See al o the statement, patje 8, oi Major, then Captain, J.
N. Barker.] About thnty oi the aiaiiety weie thus assigned
to Captain Towson.
Two boats went off during the night of the Frh of Octo-
ber, 1812, on the expedition tirn-s planned by Lieutenant
Elliott—the lieutenant lum-clf eommamhnj: one, (with the
mfantryon boaid,) and the other being m ch.uge of Sail-
inguia->*tei Watts, With Captain Towson in charge of tiie
arulleu->ts.
Astei getting nea>- t l e Caledoiaa, ioihh hesitation was
expressed by the sailingmastera? to the po^ibihtv ol'reaeh-
lngtbe bug, wheieupon Captain Tovv.-on at once assumed
the command of the boat, and oid^rfd the men to pull
alongside. [See the statement of David it. White!}, one
ot the artillerists.] In a lew minute-*, after a set'eie con-
flict, m which one oi ins men wa> knhd and eight others
wounded, (one of them mortally.,) Captain Towt'on suc-
ceeded in boarding and ca;>tuniig the Caledonia, with her
valuable cargo valued by Lieutenant Elliott, m his Official
dir-patch, at ^200.000. y'oori artei tins tne Detroit suriend-
eied to Captain Elliott.
The Detioit was afterwards burnt 1 \ order of Lieutenant
Elliott, to save her fiom falling into the" hands of the enemy;
and a similar order wa- given by him m repaid to the Cale-
donia ; but Captain Towson, not peiceiving the necessity of
this, took the responsibility oi vuidij the latter, with her
iich cat go, and >he artei waid- foimed a pait of Commodore
Pony's fleet on Lake Eue, and rcndeied good service, un-
der Lieutenant Turnei, in the biiihant action of the IGtli
Septemnei 1813. [See'me -tatemciits of Captain Champ-
im, of the Navv, and Majoi John G. Camp, of the <juar
terinaster's depaitment.j David R. Whiteiy, one of the
ciitilleiymen, whose oppoitunities of knowing all the or
cuuistances seem to have hm-a good, states that he u confi-
dent the siiceeas of the enterprise, m far as fhe Caledonia
was concerned, was owingto the energy acid unflinching
courage of Captain jTpwson, who had the fa'culty.-of inspir-
ing all his men with his own resolution and spirit.
The important part borne in this perilous enterprise by
Captain Towson, on board tbe Caledonia, not only jn. as^
smning the command ataciittcal moment, but in Saving
the vessel and rich cargo from destruction "at great personal
hazard, is well attested; and Generals J3rown ami S6ott,
Major Barker, Captain Charnpnn,and M^jorCamp, £ti con-
cur in commendations of his valuable services to the coun-
try. indeed, his fame is inseparable from "the several bril-
liant actions which rendered the names of Brown and Scott
illustrious in the campaign of 1814. ;
Tiie value of the Caledonia ia estimated Hy Captain
Champlin at $15,000, without her armament, and by Major
Camp at $30,000.
The cargo of the Cajedonia was estimated, by the n€ws
of the day, at $200,000. It consisted of valuable furs and
peltries. Major Camp states that the skins were used for
the Army, and the hue furs sent to New York. Captain
Towson himself stated his impression that a large portion of
the cargo of the Caledonia was put into tine public store-
houses at Black Rock, and some of it burnt by the British,
The part sent fo New York city was sold by the United
States maishal, and no part of the proceeds paid over to
the captors. Captain Towson also states that a suit was in-
stituted in the united States district court for the southern
district of New York, and after much delay, on a second
trial, a verdict was rendered in favor of the captors of the
Caledonia, but for what amount is not known; but that no
pan of it was ever paid over to the captors.
The present clerk of the United States court states that
the books and papers of his office haying been burnt, he is
unable to give any information at present in regard to the
suit aforesaid; but that the amount of the verdict was prob-
ably paid into the hands of Heron Rudd, who was clerk "of
the coutt from 1812 to 1816, and became a defaulter for
about sixty thousand dollars.
Captain Towson explains, m a letter, the reasons for his
delay m making the application, and is desirous that Mrs.
Elliott, the widow ot Commodore Elliott, should also be pro-
vided for, so far as bei husband was entitled, for planning
the expedition. Elliott herself desires to he included,
and lefers to her papers, connected with an application
which she was about to make, in the handsof an attorney,
since deceased ; but the main facts of the cape are refened
to as being part of the public records of the times.
On referring to the legislation of Congress on this subject,
it doe? not appear that any allowance has ever been made for
the Caledonia or her cargo. On July 13, 1813, Congress in-
cluded in " An act to reward the officers and crew of the
sloop-of-war Hornet," &c., a provision "to Lieutenant
Elliott, his officers and companions, &c.,thc sum of $12,000,
for the capture and destruction of the Biitish bag Detroit."
Tt appears, by a certificate from the Fourth Auditor, here-
with appended, that of the prize'money awarded by the act
of July 13, 1813, Captain Towson received $400 as his dis-
tributive share, but that the Caledonia was not included,
although the pay-roll was headed tor both vessels. The act
only appropriated &12.000 for the captuie and destruction
ot the British bug Detroit, and no provision has ever been
made for the capture of the Caledonia.
Treasury Department,
Fourth Auditor's Office, June 17, 1856.
Tt appears hy the files and records of this office, that
Nathan Towson. who held the rank of captain, received
$400 as his distributive share of the prize money, or re-
ward" appropriated by Congress for the capture of the Brit-
ish bugs '' Detroit" and " Caledonia," to J. I) Elliott, and
the officers and men undei his command. It appears, upon
a rcfcience to the Statutes at Laige, volume tlnee, page 4,
chapter that the appropriation was tor the capture of the
British bug " Detroit" only.
A. O. DAYTON, Fourth Auditor.
In a joint resolution, approved January 29, 1813, Con-
frre-^s acknowledged the brilliant achievements of Captains
Hull, Decatur, and Jones, in the capture of the British ves-
sels Gueiiicie, Macedonian, and Frohc.
The t-econd section ot the said resolution authorized the
Pi evident to pie,-ent to Lieutenant Elliott, of the Navy, an
elegant fcuord, with suiraole emblems and devices, in tes-
timony of tiie jus-t sense entertained by Congress of his gal-
lantiv and good conduct in boarding and capturing the
Biilish bugs Detroi* and Caledonia, wmist anchored under
the protection of Fort Erie.
It is with reference to the pait borne in this brilliant and
hazaidous affair b> Captain Towson that the statements of
Generals Scott and Brow n, and Major Bai ker, apply ; and
in regard to which Geneial Biown said, in his letter of Oc-
tober 8, 1814, ".the modesty of Captain Towson foibade
him to urge his pretensions ; !,uf the Government gave inti-
mation that a suitable notice would be taken of this merilo-
? ions mf."
The delay m this application, as explained by General
Tov>ou, does not m any degree detract fiom the merit or
justice of the claim now pending, the facts forming a part
of the history ot the country.
It is therefore lecommended that a bill be passed di-
recting payment to be made to the widow of the iate Com-
modote Je'sse D. Elliott, to the legal representatives of the
late General Nathan Towson, and the other officers engaged
in the enterpn&e, and to the sailors, soldiers, and volun-
teers accompanying them, according to the usages of the
naval service in regaid to captures fiom the enemy, for tbe
capture and preseivation of the brig Caledonia. The value
ot the cargo, or of such part as was applied to the use of the
Army, i& not ascertained with sufficient precision to justify
an allowance at present, and therefore no action upon this
branch of the memorial is deemed advisable.
Your committee therefore report the accompanying bill,
and recommend its passage.
Mr. BAYARD. The hearing of the report con-
firms the impression made on my mind at the
time I first read it. No one doubts the gallantl y
or the services of Captain Towson; but I must
