1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
88&
will that committee have the power to report at
any time'
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that, as
th'S is a question of privilege, the committee
would have the right to report at any time.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Then I hope the
question will be disposed of now.
• Mi". JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. "FLORENCE. I demand tellers.
Tiie yeas and nays were not ordered. -
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edie and
White were appointed.
The tellers reported— ayes 81, noes 89. So the
motion to refer was lost.
Mr. PHILLIPS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. REILLY moved that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is there not a motion pend-
ing to commit this matter to a select committee ?
The SPEAKER. The pending question is the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois to lay upon
the table the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to reconsider the vote by which the
I-iouse refused to refer the resolution to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FLORENCE. Upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
refer the resolution to a select committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KE1TT (at fifteen minutes past four
o'clock) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 87; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Adrain, Andrews Atkins. Avery, Barks-
dale, Bennett, Billinihuret, iimgiiani, Bocock. Bryan. Bur
roughs, Campbell, Ilz.a Clark, Clemen-, Chngman. Clark
B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Cockeull, Comms, Covode,
Cragm, Crawi'oid, Curry, Dinimick, Dodd, Dowdell, Ed-
uiuiidsOn,Eustls, Florence, Foster,Garnelt, GartrelUGilhs, i
Gtiman, Glimer, Goodwin, Gl eemvood, Hawkins, Iloitun, i
Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jewett, Kent, Kelly, l
Jacob M. Kunkel, Lanrni, Landy, Maclay.Me&ueen, Ma-
son, Maynard, Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Morgan, Mott,
Murray, Olin, Pendleton, Phelps, Phillips, Pike. Heady,
Reagan, Ricaud, Ritchie, Ruffm, Ru.s<?ll, Scales, Seward,
Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stevrait,Geoiac Taylor, Miles
Taj lor. Thompson, Under wood. VVaIbndg ",W aldron, Isiaet
Wa>bb'urn, White, Wjnslow. Wood, Wnouson, Worten-
dyke, Augu-tus It. Wright, and John V. Wright—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ahl, Bishop, Blair, Bliss. Bon-
ham, Bravton, Buffinton, Builingame, Burnett, Bums,
Case, Caskie, Chaffee, Chapman, John !!. Clark, Clawson,
Clay, Cobb, Colfax, James Craig, Curtis, Damrell, Davis ot .
Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of j
Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Durfee, Edie, English, Fainswoitll, i
Faulkner, Fenton, Foley,Giddiugs. Goode, Granger, Gregg, j
Grow, Hatlan, Thomas L, Harris, Hill, Hoard, Hopkins,
Howard, Geoige W. Jones, Owen Jones, Kolsoy, Kiluoic, 1
Knapp, Lawienre, Leach. Letter, Lovciny, IIuni|ihiey |
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Miller, Moore, Monill, [
Freeman II. Morse, Palmer, Paiker, Petut, Peyton, Pot- ;
ter, Pottle, Powell, Purviance. Quitman, Roilly, Bobbins, ;
Royce, Sandidge, lleni y M. Shaw, John Slierman, Spinner,
Stanton, William Stewart. Tapp.in, Thayer. Tompkins,
Wade, Walton, CadwaSadet C. Washburn, and Whiteley
—871.
So the resolution was referred to a select com-
mittee.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that Mr.
Ward had paired off with his colleague, Mr.
m 0 rs k
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that Mr. Stephens,
being iil, had paired off with Mr. Morris of Illi-
nois, upon the pending question.
Mr.-FLORENCE moved to reconsiderthe vftte
by which the resolution was referred to a select
committee, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. BENNETT moved (at four o'clock and
thirty-five minutes) that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, demanded the yeas
and nays upon the motion to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table, and called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
And then, on motion of Mr. Adrain (at four
o'clock and forty minutes) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 26, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE INTERFERENCE.
The SPEAKEPt. The business first in order
is the consideration^ the following resolution,
offered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Hoard:]
Resolve d, That a committee of five be appointed by the
Speaker to inquire and investigate whether any iinpioper
attempts have been or are being made by any person con-
nected with the executive department ot this Government,
or by any person acting under their advice oi consent, to
influence the action of this House, or any of its members,
upon any question < or measure upon which the House has
acted, orwlnch it has under consideration, directly or indi-
rectly, by any promise, offer, or intimation of employment,
pationage,ollice, oi lavor, under the Government, or under
any department, officer, or servant thereof, to be conferred
or with held in consideration of any vote given oi to be given,
withheld or to be withheld, with power to send for persons
and papers, and leave to report at any tune, by bill or other-
wise.
The pending question is, "Shall the resolution
be received and entertained, on the ground that
the privileges of the House are involved?"
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The_ general de-
bate on the Indian appropriation bill terminates
at two o'clock to-day. If it suits the gentleman
from New York to take any other day for the con-
sideration of this matter—and I presume it will—
I hope he will give way to me, to make a motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HOARD. If the gentleman desires t<3 post-
pone the matter until a day certain, I have no ob-
jection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to postpone
its consideration until Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. J. B.
Henry, his Private Secretary.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STANTON moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
MARYLAND CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House testimony in the matter of the
contested-election case from the third congres-
sional district of Maryland; which, on motion of
Mr. Ricaud, was referred to the Committee of
Elections, and ordered to be printed.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
in response to the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 26th January, 1858, requesting
him to furnish the House with any information
which rany have been communicated to him by
F. W. Lander, Esq., engineerof the wagon road,
as to the practicability of a railroad through the
South Pass, and the best method of constructing
the same.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the communica-
tion was referred to the select committee on the
Pacific railroad, and oidered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. SHORTER moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. IvELSKY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 63, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Andrews, Bowie, Bryan,
Burlmgame, Burroughs, Case, Chapman, Ezra Clark, John
B. Clark, Clay, Clinginan, Clatk IS- Cochrane, Colfax,
Comms, Burton Craige, Davis of Indiana, Davis ot Iowa,
Dick, Ditnmick, Edie,Eastis, Faulkner, Fenton, Florence,
Goode, Gregg, Groesbeck, Giow, J. Morrison Earns, Haw-
kins, Hickman, Horton, Hughes, Kellogg, Jacob M. Kim-
kel. Maelay, McQueen, Mason, Edward Joy Mori is, Pottle,
Powell, Quitiunn, Reagan,Ricaud,Ritchie,Ruffin. Ru-sell,
Seaiinsr, John Sherman, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Stan-
ton, Stephens, William Stewait, George Taylor, Thomp-
son, Underwood, Winslow, Woodson, AugustusR. Wright,
and Zolhcoffer—G.i.
NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Avery, Bilhngliurst, Bingham,
Bliss. Bocock. Braytou, Btifnnton, Burnett, Burns, Chaf-
fee, Clawaon, Clem ens, Cobb, Covode, Cragin, James Craig,
Crawford, Curry, Curtis, Damrell, Davidson, Davis-of Mis-
sissippi, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dowdell,
Durfee, English, Foley, Foster, Gartrell, GiddingsJ Gilman,
Gooch, Gianger, Greenwood, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Hoard, Hopkins, Houston, Howard, Jackson, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelsey,
Kilgore, Knapp, John U. Kunkel, Leach, Leiter, Lovejoy,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maynaid, Millson, Montgomery,
Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Isaac N. Morns, Nichols, Parker,
Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Pike, Potter, Purvianee,
Ready, Bobbins, Royce, Scales, Seward, Judson W. Sher-
man, Stallworlh, James A. Stewart, Tappan, Miles Taylor,
Thayer, Tompkins, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton,
Warren, Cadwalader C. Washburn, and Whiteiey—91.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Sxanton's mo-
tion.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. GROW. I give notice to the House that
I will on to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask
leave to introduce a bill to permit the Government
to be sued byits creditors in the district courtsof
the United States. Igive the notice in open House,
because the bill is of general interest in its char-
acter, and I desire to call the attention of mem-
bers to the subject.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to a question of privilege.
Mr. Speaker, under ordinary circumstances, I
should not deem it my duty to bring to the at-
tention of this House any aspersions which the
correspondent of a newspaper might make upon
me through the public press. I most cheerfully
acknowledge the fullest right of the press to com-
ment upon tne public acts of officers of the Gov-
ernment, and especially of those acting in a rep-
resentative capacity. But, sir, when the personal
conduct of a member of this House, upon its floor,
and during its session, is misrepresented, and un-
founded charges, reflecting upon his conduct in
his intercourse with other gentlemen occupying'
seats on this floor, are publicly made against him
by newspaper correspondents, it is then the duty,
as well as the right, of the member thus assailed
to call the attention of the House to the matter. "
My attention was called this morning to such an
article in the Baltimore Clipper, of the 25th Feb-
ruary, copied from the Southern Argus.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
What is the gentleman's question of privilege?
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman will ascertain
what my question of privilege is, if he will listen.
Mr. FLORENCE. We would rather that you
should state it first.
Mr. BOCOCK. This is not a question of priv-
ilege. I must call the gentleman to order.
Mr. POTTER. Then, sir, I send up the paper
to the Clerk's desk, and ask that, the passage
which 1 have marked may be read.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not know that I should
object to the gentleman proceeding, but I do pro-
test against this being acknowledged by the House
to be a question of privilege. I protest against gen-
tlemen being allowed to rise here and read news-
paper articles, and proceed to comment on them
at length, on the ground that they involve ques-
tions of privilege. This is no question of privi-
lege. The gentleman must appeal to the House
to allow him to make a personal explanation. I
shall not object.
Mr. POTTER. I then ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a personal explana-
tion. _ , . ,, ,,
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Well, Mr.
Speaker, I should like to hear the article read first,
that we may know what is the character of it.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Kiokino Scene xu Congress.—a correspondent of the
Noifolk Argus, signing himself ' Delta,'gives the following
particulars of a scene 111 the House of Representatives, gen-
erally overlooked by the Washington letter writers:
" Whenever a call of the Hou-e is ordered, the doors are
locked to prevent those that are absentfrom coming in in tile
meantime and answering to their names. Mr. WKi«ht,of
Tennessee, and Mr. Elliott, of Kentucky, alter answering
to tlicir name,, had occasion to leave the hall a t-w mo-
ments and on returning beckoned to one of the officers of
the House through the glass door to admit them,_wlio was
proceeding to unbar tlic door, when IVr rtR, of Wisconsin,
