1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1975
amine into its condition; and it reported that to j
collect taxes torture was applied to the tenants, i
and that hundreds of thousands of men and wo- j
men die annually under these tortures, because
ihey do not pay up their small rents.
Now, I will do Englishmen the justice to say,
that in my judgment they cannot approve of any
such thing. I am satisfied that the Government
itself does not sanction it. That country is gov-
erned by the Enst India Company—a great fili-
bustering: company, chartered to acquire territory
for the British Government, and retained for that i
purpose. Corporations are habitually soulless. !
Now look, for a moment, at the manner in which I
we have treated the aborigines of this country. ;
Since the formation of the Constitution of the |
"United States, I donot believe that we have ever ;
deprived any Indian tribe of property. Where-1
ever we have acquired their territory we have (
given them an equivalent. There is not an Indian I
tribe in the United States that has not more land j
than it can cultivate. And sofarfrom compelling
them to labor and pay taxes, we actually expend
large sums for keening them alive.
Again, sir, the United States and Great Britain
have both been large importers of negro slaves to
America. Into the United States there have been j
brought nearly four hundred thousand negro
slaves, and they have increased to four million—
ten times the original number. Into the British
colonies there have been one million seven hun- I
dred thousand imported; and the proportionate
increase would have made them at the present
time seventeen million. But, in pointof fact, there
are only six hundred thousand, into Jamaica
alone, the British and Spaniards have carried eight
hundred and ninety thousand negroes; and at the
emancipation,in 1S35, there were only three hun- 1
dred and eleven thousand left—one third of the j
original number. I need not enlarge on the fact of I
the vast increase of slaves in this country, of their j'
condition being above that which their race has i
ever occupied anywhere, and of their immense j
productions. Compare that with the degraded ;
position of the British islands. Great Britain, I
however, emancipated her slaves, and the conse- j
quence has been that her colonies are lapsing into i
barbarism and savagery. To relieve her islands i
from their unfortunate and desolate condition, |
Great Britain has adopted another expedient—the i
importation oflarge bodies of white men as slaves, i
under the name of the CGolie trade. j
Gentlemen may perhaps remember that during I
the last session I had occasion to make a speech, j
in which I discusscd this subject. I suppose that |
in the course of that spcech Iliad commented on i
some of the transactions of the Secretary of State j
in a manner that may not have been entirely ac- j
ceptable; at any rate, in two or three days after,
there appeared in a newspaper in this city—a
paper which represents the foreign interest always
—what purported to be an cxtract from a report
in progress in the State Department, giving an
account of the condition of the Coolies m Peru,
and stating that they had a perfect paradise there.
And this thing was published as a reply to my
speech. I should not have objected to its being
put in juxtaposition with it, provided they had
thought proper to publish my speech, so that their
readers could decide for themselves.
Now, if gentlemen will look into the seventh
volume of the Commercial Statistics, they will see
all the information that Mr. Marcy and his as-
sistants were able to collect on this important sub-
ject; and it does not make one page. It would
be well for gentlemen to read it, to see how little
truth there may be in an official report. It deserves
to stand side by side with that passage in the old
geographies,which represented Indians as ventur-
ing over the Palis of Niagara, in their canoes, in
safety. The two statements are equally reliable.
I was anxious to make a reply to it at the time;
but, under the rules of the House, I had no oppor-
tunity afforded me.
I now ask the attention of the House for a
few moments, while I expose one of the most op-
pressive, cruel, and monstrous systems that the
world has ever seen carried on by any civilized
nation. I shall first read a few extracts from the
daily papers of the last few weeks, among the
items of telegraphic and other news. I may re-
peat that this report represents the Coolies in Peru
as having a fine time of it, and as being thriving,
prosperous, and happy. Whereas, in fact, it is
established that of those Coolies who are imported i
in Peruvian ships, thirty-eight per cent.—a little
over one third—die on the passage. Nor do those
carried in American and British ships fare much
better, as these extracts show:
"Oil the 19th the American ship. Kitty Simpson, from
Sivatasand St. Helena, with tlneeliundiedand thnfy-seven
Asiatics. She had ninety-three deaths* on the passage. And
on the 20th. the Uutish ship Admiral, with two handled and
eighty-three Asiatics. She had ninety deaths on the pas-
sage.
t; Jt is worthy of remaik that the number of deaths has
always been proportionate to the length of the passage, and
1 cannot omit thawing paiticular attention to the fact that
all these Asiatics hi ought here are males, not a single le-
maie having nirived among the twenty-four thousand and
upwards that have come to this island. 1* not this the very
refinement of cruelty?
Besides, thi« trade has not even the sorry excuse of the
African slave trade. The Africans are savages, whom, it
may be said, it is chanty to eivilizc and Chnstianize ; the
Asiatics at e ilu from being savages; many of them are pei-
<?nns of lefined habits and considerable education."—New
York Herald.
u Cuba.—Latest News.—By the steamer Black Warrior
intelligence has heen iceeived from Havana to the 15th in-
stant. It i  repented that two caigocs of negroes had been
landed in Cuba since the last advice*, and dulydi-po^ed of.
Two American ships had al-o arnved fioin China with eai- i
goes of Coolies. The ship Challenge, Captain Kinney, one
hundred and thirty-seven day* from Swatas, lauded <it Ha-
vana six hundred and twenty Asiatics. During the parage
two hundied and eighty-six had died.'5 * * *
" Fiora the. 10th of "Apul, 1855, to the 15th instant, sev-
enteen thousand six hundred and foity-four Asiatics have
been iceeived in,Cuba tor eight years5 servitude, of which
more than twenty per cent, have already disappeared. On
the vessels engaged m this tiallic, three thousand one hun-
dred and seventeen have died during the voyages by sui-
cide or dweaye, being more than one sixth of the whole 1
number taken on boaid. This does not include casualties,
mutinies., &c., which have caused the destiuction of whole
cargoes. Of some thiee or four thousand received pievious
to the 30th of Apul, 1355, nearly all have perished. It is
not probable that a tenth will remain at the close of their
eight venrx. Tt is said that an ai rival of bepoy* 13 expected,
to add to the heterogeneous mixture of Cuban stock, and to
cany ouf toe extended views of Butifh philanthropy, oi pol-
icy, as it may be.— Union, of Pclruai y hu>(.
u Boston, January29, 1858 —A h iter received fiom f\ip-
tam Jtvan, of the ship Lion, from lions Kong loi Ca'lao,
dated Angier, Novembei 22. states that the ship Kate
Iioopei, oi Baltimore. Captain Jackson, tiom Macao, Octo-
ber, 15, for Havana,with Coolies, was nt Angier, Novembrr
22, waiting for men fiom Batavia. The Coolies mutinied
and got possesion of the between decks, and set the ship
on iiie tinee tune-*, and before they could be subdued the
ofiieeis had to shoot fifty of them."
" Chinese Coolies.—The Clnne-e emigrants are ai riv-
ing at Havana m gieat numbeis. No less than three thou-
sand were landed from tour ships in one week. They all
readily hiought twenty-two ounce  a head. The mo-t of
them arrived in poor condition, which is probably owing to
the Coolies being kept in duryjunks m Swatas, waiting for
a vessel to bung them. At last accounts, six large Amer-
ican vessels weie waiting foi cargoes m Swatas alone.
Oiders have been sent fiom Havana to piocuie twenty
thousand Coolies, if possible.'*—March 31.
Some details, as given in the following state-
ment from an English paper, may be interesting:
" The Trade in Chinese Coolils.—'The frightful mor-
tality of Chinese on board the Bnti-*b ship Duke of Port-
land ha-s h^en the subject of investigation lor several days,
befoie the Local Marine Board, Comhili, London ; Mr.
Duncan Dunbar, chairman.
"Captain Seymour, the mastei of the Duke ofPoitland,
deposed that the slnp left Hong Kong with three hundred
and thirty-two Chinese Cooties.55
He says, in his statement, one third had been
kidnapped.
" About two o'clock on the 2d I left the shore with my
papers all m order, and proceeded on boaid the Juhndur to
get a box of musket caps, which I was lather short of. I
saw the mate mastheading the topsails, and flattered my-
self all was right. Vam hope 1 I had not been on board
five minutes when I saw the topsail halliards had been let
go, and the Coolies crowding on the poop. I got on board
in double quick time, and was followed by the captain and
boats' ciews from the three other ships with whom I was
acquainted, an d the scene of riot and confusion that awaited
my arrival J shah not soon forget. The Coohes had taken
the oppoitumtyof the mate's attention being occupied in
making sail, and abstracted the iron belaying pins, and
armed themselves with what else they coald on deck, prin-
cipally firewood, and gained possession of the poop, and
were yelling and shouting in a fearful manner, thiowmg
everything moveable overboard, and had let go the topsail
halliards.'5
This mutiny was quelled by force, and they
were guarded-and confined:
" The third day I had the first suicide, and from that date
until r passed the Straits of Sanda, I had an average of
about three overboard daily. They now also commenced
threatening to burn the ship, and my interpreter becoming
alarmed, 1 could not find the ringleaders. On the morning
of the 15th, I discovered a plan they had laid to take the
ship. One more of theinvalids was to be thrown overboard,
and during the absence of the boat to pick them up, the
Coolies were to make a rush, obtain possession of the poop,
and murder ali hands,reserving the boat's crew to take the
ship on shore ; and the same afternoon they carried their
plan out; but, as r was quite prepared for them, after the
failure of their attempt they became much quieter; but £
had on an average from twelve to eighteen m irons forriot-
ous behavior and attempted suicide.
" But I could fiil a volume on this subject and the horrors
by winch I was puirounded. We lost one hundred and
twenty-eight Chinese bifoie arriving at the Havana, chiei!v
from congestive fever; it is like the Hong Kong fever. We
lo>t one of the ciew. 1 think the Coolies hi ought the seed.?
of the d>«wHe an boaid with them. When they would not
eat I have tued t<  force food down their throats. Wo weie
one hundred and fifty days on our passage fiom China to the
Havana.
" At the close of the examination of the witnesses, the
chairman announced the decision of the boaid: 4 That no
biame attaches to the owner and master, or any one con-
nected with the ship. That Captain Seymour's conduct io
the eimgiants appears to have been kind and attentive, and
that eve'iy possible precaution was used by hun to decrease
the mortality.'55
Sir, if these results follow where the Coolies are
treated kindly and judiciously on board ship, what
are you to expect when they are ill-treated ? Let
us, however, see ho w they are treated when landed
in Peru. From a publication on the subject of
agriculture, guano, &c., by H. N. Fryatt, of New
Jersey, I read an extract:
"Now do you wish to know how all these ships are
loaded, and ■  thousand tons per day dug and sent from the
islands? Weil, there are about one hundred convicts from
Pciu,and about three hundred Chinamen fiom the Celestial
Empire. Tile former aie in the right place; the latter were
passcngeisthat engaged passage in an English ship for Cah-
lointa, cind engaged befote they left their own country, to
labor after their auival for a limited time to pay their pas-
sage, (eighty dollars.) Instead of beins landed at California,
the ship biought them direct to this place, and the captam
sold them for tluee and six \eais, according to the men, to
work out their passage; and here they arc slaves for life.
They aie allowed four dollar-; per month foi their food, and
one-eighth ol a dollar per day for their labor, with a pile of
H'l.iuo be.oro them which will last the next ten years'; and
long befote itio exhausted the majonty of them will be dead.
Each man is compelled to bring to the shoot five tons of
guano perday. A failure thereol is lewarded with the lash
fiom :i> Uong negro ; and such i* their horror of the lash, and
the hopele^ne.-s of their condition, that eveiv week there
are more or less suicides. In the month of November, I
have hemd, fifty of the boldest of them joined hands and
lumped fiom the precipice into the sea. In December, there
weie twomy three suicides. This is from one in authoiity.
Tn Janiuuy, quae a number, but I have not learned how
many ,5
Now, there are hundreds of these facts con-
stantly published, or made known, and they do
not excite any attention in this country; when,
if it was known that ten negroes had committed
suicide in one of our slave States, it would be pub-
lished, pethaps, in every newspaper in the United
States; and we should have many speeches on this
floor, and elsewhere, against the horrors of sla-
very, &c. But these are only white men, who die
under that system by thousands; and no Aboli-
tionist, or other special friend of humanity, real-
izes it, or takes the slightest notice of it.
Mr. FOSTER. I would ask the honorable gen-
tleman whether he intends bringing in a bill to
suppress this Coolie trade ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will come to that point
in a moment. In this matter I hope that I shall
have the cooperation of the gentleman from Maine.
I also read a portion of a letter from the author
of this work:
The officers placed on these islands to superintend the
delivery of thegi^ano, in order to cheek this business of self-
destruction, adopted the plan of rescuing the dead bodies
from the sea and burning thein on the guano heaps, in order
to convince the Chinese of the impossibility of their return
to their native country, through the gates of death ; that the
bodies should remain on the "island. J was informed that
this burning of bodies was of frequent occurrence.
" I have lecently conversed with intelligent captains en-
gaged in the Cuba trade, who tell me how the Coolie trade
is done. English commercial houses have runners at Amoy,
Uong Kong, &c., who are employed m enticing the China-
men, by offers of wages, &c., to emigrate to the land of gold.
They pick up the population who live outside the walled
towns, the short-haired, and a sprinkling of a better class,
who aie distinguished by the long braided hair hanging be-
hind, and somewhat superior intelligence. All manner of
inducements are held out, of couise. These Coolies are fur-
nished with rice and water for food during the passage; are
treated with much severity, and frequent suicides occur
during the passage. Guards are placed over them to prevent
their jumping overboard, &c.; and yet, notwithstanding
these precautions, about one in three either die or destroy
themselves on the passage.
"The passage is five doubloons, landed in Havana, (eighty-
five dollars.) They are sold at Havana according to quality;
and the most valuable bring as high as three hundred to
three hundred and fifty dollars apiece.
" The trade is done chiefly by English and American ves-
sels ; but my informants say that they never knew an Amer-
ican captain to bring a cargo of Coolies twice. The English
are not so scrupulous.
"The Coolies are put to work alongside of the Africans,
and subjected to worse treatment, as the Cooly feels his
degiadation and becomes sullen and melancholy. His only
relief is in the old mode, suicide, which he avails himself
of at the first opportunity. The hnv-huhed Chinaman ru?:i
his tail off a= a mark of his degradation; and as toon ai cue
