19T6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
driver sees his tail go be knows that the owner intends to
depart to tbat bourn, &c., pretty quickly 5 and not alone,
either, as the long tail exercises much influence over the
others.
This trade being so lucrative, it is on the increase. The
high price of sugar will likely add a stimulus to this new
species of slave trade, which I, for one, feel much indebted
to you for holding up to the execration of mankind."
I have, in addition to that, a letter from a re-
spectable merchant of the city of New York, a
gentleman of high standing. I do not give his
name, but the following is a part of his letter:
" Our eastern ship owners have great horror of the Afri-
can slave trade, but they have no compunctions of con-
science in abducting Coolies from China and transporting
them to South America. To save appearances, they land
them at Arica, in Peru, whence they are transferred to the
Chincha Islands, where they aie worked digging guano un-
der a broiling sun until they are driven to desperation. I had
a ship, the St. Patrick, load at those islands. My captain,
Whitman, said that, whenever the poor creatures could get
to the cliffs, they would jump into the sea. Some twenty
jumped off whilst he was there. You are not, perhaps,
aware that there is no water on the inlands. Ail the water
used ia taken there by the ships; and, of course, being so
scarce, the poor creatures have but a limited quantity given
them. And the dust arising from the guano, with the severe
labor they undergo, drives them to desperation. Watei must
be wanted in large quantiues. Your negroes at the South
are in Paradise compared with the Coolies at the Chincha
Islands."
Mr, Speaker, I need not enlarge on the cru-
elty of this system. And it does not stop here.
France imported Coolies into some of her islands.
In the Island of Bourbon alone, there are thirty-
five thousand. But England seems, in some way,
to have interposed obstacles to the obtaining of
Coolies by the French, wishing to have a monop-
oly of the business, perhaps, as she formerly
had of the African slave trade. -
To get rid of that difficulty, the French Em-
peror directed his ships to go to Africa and get
negroes under the name of apprentices. The
English protested against that, and said it "was
practically reopening the slave trade. The Times
thundered about it. It was admitted, neverthe-
less, that the Abolitionists had ruined their West
India Islands, and that they ought to acknowledge
their fault in sackcloth and ashes; but it proposed
only to restore these islands by the importation of
Coolie labor. To show how the controversy is
carried on, I present a few passages from the
French papers. I think it will bo seen that they
understand the question thoroughly; and, in fact,
have the advantage in the argument.
" But Africa continues to be the source whence the col-
onies first diew their laboring population. It is convenient
to our American possessions. Its inhabitants are gentle, ro-
bust, sociable, and inclined to agrieultmal purMnts. Then,
in addition to this, they are oppressed and subject to the
horrors of perpetual anarchy m then own country.
li Are not these reasons sufficient to induce us to look to
Africa for laborers for our colonies?
" But it is a great scandal to the superannuated society
which was accustomed for twenty-five years to behold the
world bow befoie itn decrees m matters of philanthropy.
What! lay hands on Africa, the holy ark which has been
guarded with such an extreme jealousy, and defended still
more by the picstige which it ha-* acquired? Yet the Tunes
thinks the present opportunity fortunate loi seizing it again ;
and, thanks to its pioceedings. Pa? hament already resounds
with the deciaiation of gi.evances, the most guevou? of
which is that they cannot have iuboieis fiom Allien except
they purchase them again. It is a natuial le&iut c,t the so-
cial state of that counuy. Slavery is the general condition
of its working population.
"But, pay the iCngiwh, xvhon you buy slaves fiom the
African chiefs yoa encourage tho^e chiefs to procure others
by means of incursions, and tnus perpetuate intestine wars
in that unhappy country. (Jnfoitunateiy, the baiburism
which reigns in that continent is exercised independently
of all outside pressure. When an African chief does not
sell his slaves, he k;U& them.
"To depuve Amua of contact with civilization, under
the pretext of preserving peace among her tube*, 1.- to act
like a quack, who, to cuie an eruption, kills his patient by
the internal conceritiatiun of the disease. 'i'Le Afitean chief-
tains have no motive for making war; they do so out of a
pine instinct of devtmetiveness, and by this alone they
prove themselves savages. The poor negio captives des-
tined for human &acrmco on the occasion of some public
festival, or on the tomb of a wairior, would hardly call it
philanthropy to leave them to their tate under pretext of a
humane objection to their puichase for emigration.
"Bible Societies have undei taken to submit Africa to a
rt'ime of pteaehing, distribution of edifying tracts and
saintly communion."
" In any case, we cannot see why the ultra Abolitionists
should impose their partienlarvtews upon us. Is not Africa
an independent country ? Is it confided to the tutelage of
Bible Societies ? And Fiance—cannot bhe act according to
the dictates of her own conscience? There exists m this
respect no jnicmational engagement that can limit her ac-
tion. The conventions relative to the right of search have
been suppressed. Engagements entered into since then have
been abandoned
" The landed proprieroi h then rid of every incumbrance.
Following the Times, the philanthropists have made some
frtupid blunder, which should force them into puvatc life,
or at least teach them to *peak with becoming modesty in
future. In this situation of things, when it has been proved
that the system has utterly failed, is it astonishing that we
should try another ? This would at least have two good
results. 11 would give new activity to colonial productions,
and withdraw thousands of negroes from a miserable con-
dition."
I must say that I agree with the French, that
all the points of difference are in their favor. The
negro is not only better fitted by nature for sla-
very than the Chinese or Sepoys, but in fact is
benefited by it, while they are driven to suicide.
The negroes, too, are slaves at home, or captives
to be put to death if they cannot be sold, while
the Chinamen and East Indians are in a compar-
ative state of freedom.
Here isa letteron thesubjectfrom Mr. Mason,
our Minister at Paris, dated 19th February last,
which was sent to the Senate the other day by
General Cass. It is of an important character:
" In an interview which I had the honor to have with
Count Walewski, Minuter of Foreign Affairs, in the last
week of January, I asked him if there were any objections
to my being informed of the piecise character of the meas-
ures adopted by his Majesty the Emperor's Government, in j
regard to the importation into the French colonies, of ne-
groes from Afriea. He replied that there was not; and pio-
ceeded to state \ery frankly that the French colonies, par-
' ticularly in the West Indies, were languishing for want of
laboi; that negro labor alone was adapted to tropical pio-
ductions. 1 asked if there was any truth in some statements
which I had «een m the English newspapers, that French
vessels freighted with African emigrants would beiegarded
by British causers as engaged in the Afucan slave trade,
lliss Excellency said no; that there had been some commu-
nication between the two Governments, and the Butish
Government would not object to the French scheme, while
the wants of the British r-olonies were being supplied by the
Cooly trade. The Minister urged that the plan adopted
seemed African labor, which was indispensable to their
colonies. Thus the emigrants were free, and were rescued
generally from impending immolation; that,relieved from
ignoiance and heathenism of the most degrading character,
tiiey would be humanized and Christianized by being placed
in contact with the French colonists."
Thus, Mr. Speaker, it is settled between the
two countries that this system is to go on, France
taking negroes and Great Britain the Asiatics.
What is the field they have to take them from,
and what is the extent to which the operation can
be carried ? In China there are four hundred mil-
lion people. GreatBritain is now conquering parts
of the country, and will have free access to the
people of the Chinese Empire. She also holds in
subjection one hundred and seventy million East
Indians, whom she is killing for mutiny, &c.
There are at least forty million negroes on the
western coast of Africa within the reach of the
slave traders. You will see, therefore, that one
half of the human race is open to be pieyed upon
in this way.
Now what is the inducement to carry on the
trade? It appears that they will bring from two
to four hundred dollars apiece, and the cest of
transporting them from China is only eighty or 1
eighty-five dollars, and from Africaabouthaifthat; j
so you will see that there is inducement enough. I
Hcreare enormous profits to be made. How many I
will they transport when this system is in full op- j
eration ? We know that there have been half 1
a million of emigrants brought in one year to the
United States, by American ships mainly. I take
it, then, that the navies of France and England,
with the help of American shipping, will enable
them to bring over, perhaps, a million a year—
certainly half that amount. Von will then, per-
haps, see a vast system of emigration by which
si all these islands and Central America may be
filled up, if not interrupted in some way, with this
people. And, as they only bring males, I need
not say to gent&men that the system is more cruel
than the former slave trade. Then males and \
females were brought here, and there was some- 1
tiling of a social system recognized in that trade, j
Then these people are to be hired out; and no- j
body will deny that they will be worse treated I
than the slaves usually are who belong to those j
that control them. I maintain that this system is j
one of enormous cruelty, as every one must see 1
at a glance. Its subjects will, most,probably, be 1
worked to death by the time their eight or ten \
years' seivice is over. j
Mr. Speaker, we have upon the coast of Africa j
ships to aid Great Britain in the suppression of \
the slave trade; and yet she is transporting men j
who are free comparatively, and vastly superior |
to the negro, and consigning them in vast num- 1
bers to the most cruel condition of slavery ever i
known. I-submit whether it is not a mockery, j
whether it is not hypocritical in the United States i
and Great Britain to try to save a few negroes
while this enormous system is going on. I say
that it is as hypocritical as it would be for an in-
dividual, who had been robbing the poor of thou-
sands systematically, to give away a few shillings
ostentatiously on Sunday for charitable purposes.
As we have this agreement with Great Britain,
why not speak out our sentiments manfully, and
tell her that, if she does notabandon this, we will
withdraw our squadron from Africa, and no longer
attempt to prevent the carrying away of a few
negroes to Cuba, while countless numbers of
white men are being enslaved?
The great objection to our acquiring Mexico as
a whole, is to be found in the fact of the existence
there of a large population of Indians and other
inferior persons. Suppose Louisiana, Florida, or
Texas, had been filled up with a large number of
inferior people, which we could not reduce to sub-
jection: that fact would have rendered them use-
less to the United States. On the principles of
humanity, in the first place, and secondly, upon
the question of expediency also, I am against this
system of filling up these now thinly inhabited
neighboring regions with inferior and degraded
races. Gentlemen must see that it is the ultimate
policy of the United States, at some future day,
whether ten, twenty, or fifty years hence, to ac-
quire the greater portion of this territory. I hold,
sir, that our system will be better for that country
than the system of Great Britain; and that, there-
fore, it will be for the interest of all that region,
as it unquestionably will be our policy some day
to control it.
Gentlemen may say, however, suppose that the
treaty is abrogated, and England refuses to yield:
will you go to war with her? That is thrown at
us by way of intimidation. I have observed the
course of the British Government, and they have
two systems of operation against; us. They may
be defined as what Sammy Weller would call
" insinivation and bluster." Many of our states-
men are so delighted to get compliments from the
British press, and to ho thought well of by Brit-
ish officials, that they seem to forget the interest
of their own country. I remember, a few years
ago, when there was an investigation going on in
the British Parliament, in relation to the expenses
of their missions abroad, that Mr. Packenham,
who had long been a minister here, was a wit-
ness, and he was asked what expenditure paid
best? His reply was, " that spent for dinners."
Whether his American experience brought him
to that conclusion or not, 1 do not know. I con-
fess that I appreciate a dinner and civility as much
as anybody; but it is one thing to accept and re-
turn courtesies, and it is another to abandon the
interests of one's country.
I have no doubt that every right-minded Eng-
lishman will think better of American statesmen
who, while accepting the civilities of foreigners,
will still stand by the interests of their country
rather than sell it for a mess ot pottage. When
these means fail, we are to be alarmed by threats
of danger from England, and sometimes with
great effect on the timid. I doubt much whether
any Administration we have had since John
Tyler's would have had the courage to accept
Texas upon her application, in the face of the
British protest against it. I am very certain that
some of them would have professed to be afraid,
and would have declined it. I think it absolutely
necessary that this country should, in some re-
spects, take a higher position abroad. An ex-
tremely mortifying fact was brought to my knowl-
edge the other day. A bearer of dispatches come
here from St. Domingo. He called to see me,
thinking that Congress might be induced to do
something. He says that the American commer-
cial agent at the city of St. Domingo, with his
family, and all American citizcns 111 that country,
are actually protected from massacre by Baez and
his followers, by the British consul, and by the
captain of an English ship who happened to be
there, and who was ready to land four hundred
men to protect them. I knew that in Europe,
Asia, and Africa, our citizens were in the habit of
claiming to be Englishmen, in order to get British
protection; but I did not know that this system
had to be resorted to in Amcnca, and almost in
sight of our own shores.
Is it not tune that something should be done.
There has been great difficulty upon the part of
the Secretary of the Navy in finding a ship to
