THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
look at these things according to what the action
of the Government has been. I find a bill now
reported which leaves out other soldiers and sea-
men connected with this transaction, and gives
the money equallv between the widow of Captain
Elliott and the child ofCaptain Towson.
Mr. KENNEDY. And David Whitely.
Me,. SLIDELL. I wish to correct a misap-
prehension of the Senator frbm Delaware. This
bill, as amended, gives to the widow of Commo-
dore Elliott and the child of Captain Towson,
and to any survivors, their distributive share of
this sum of $25,000. I offered the amendment
because I had occasion, in some previous matters
before the Naval Committee, to be strongly im-
pressed with the conviction that in all these old
and antiquated cases, and even in cases of three
or four years' standing, where prize money or any
gratuity is directed to be paid to the legal repre-
sentatives of soldiers or sailors, certain legal rep-
resentatives are always found or made. If the .
Senator will read the bill as I have amended it,
he will find that it guards against that difficulty,
and that alone. The balance of the sum of $,25,000
which will not be paid to the widow of Commo-
dore Elliott, to the child of General Towson, and
to any survivors, will remain in the Treasury,
and will lapse. That is my intention, and I think ;
I have carrod it into effect. ' i
Mr. BAYARD. i think the bill provides for
the payment of the sum of $25,000 equally be- ij
tween the widow of Commodore Elliott and the j!
child of General Towson, and takes no notice of
any of the other parries concerned. According |
to the course of thu Government in reference to
captures during (he war of 1812, where the captor j
brought in the vessel, he was entitled, under the 1
general law, to the distribution of prize money .j
among the officers and crew m certain proper- ;j
tions, according to th<- value of the vessel. In ■
many cases the vessel was destroyed, and then ,j
the Government did not allow the whole value of i
the vessel, but allowed what they consideied a
proper sum in heu of the destiovtd vossel. For i
instance, in the case of the Gm-rriere, I think ;
$50,000 was allowed; and in the ease of the Wasp, s
$25,000. There were various sums allowed m
such cases where the property of the enemy was >
destroyed, according to the judgmentof Congress
at the time as to what was pioper. In the case :j
now before the Senate, it appears that one of these
vessels was destroyed; and u'Ming upon the prm- ■
ciple of substituting for the value of tin* destroyed ,
vessel what Congiess thought a reasonable com- j
pensation to the capiois, and dividing it accoid- j
ing to the law of capture by vessel at ;Ka, they !
gave the sum of $12,500 to Captain Elliott, of
which, it appears, only $400 went to General ■:
Towson. I admit that it appears by the report ;
that that had no reference to the Caledonia, al-
though, in the statementof the account, it is stated j
as referring to both vessels. Dut, when you come
to the case of the Caledonia, you have the fact^ j
that that vessel was taken, but you have no evi- -j
dunce from General Towson himself that the cargo ;
ever went to the use of the Government. On the i
contrary, according to his statement, the greater j
part of it was destroyed. Theie is one witness, :
Major Camp, who says something about its being ; j
used by the Army; but it so happens that, m an- ;i
other case widely different from this, I recollect''
some testimony of Major Camp which does not ■
incline me to place any great reliance on his tes- j
timony, either from lapse of memory or some-1
thing else, m reference to what was used by the j
Army m the war of 1812, on the northern fron- j
tier. Geneial Towson's statement is, that part,
was destroyed arid part sent to New York, where |
H was libeled and ultimately condemned in favor i
of the captors, and the condemnation entitled
them to the money. The Government never in- :
terposed to prevent their getting the money. At
this point the difficulty arises, and it is said they !
never received the money; but it was received by '
the clerk of the court, and he failed as a defaulter !
some forty years ago. If there was a decree for |
capture, they were entitled to receive the money, j;
and mi^ht have done so but for their own neglect, i
If the clerk of the court received it under any de- ,,
cree ur order of the couit, they could have claimed
it from him at once. There was no reason why :j
they should not do so. J
Under these circumstances, are Congress to ||
carry the practice beyond what they have ever'I
carried it before, and say that where there has
been a capture, or decree of condemnation, we are
to make good the default of an officer of the court,
when we have no evidence that the parties applied
to him for the money, or that there was anyth^pg
like due diligence used to get the money from
him ? Any one who knows anything about the
proceedings of a court of admiralty necessarily
knows that the court would peremptorily order
the payment of the money by immediate process.
There is no delay there, but the money would be
directed to be paid to the captors pro rata. The
clerk must give bond when he receives money.
This may not always be done; but where he in
fact receives it, there is no difficulty in enforcing
payment of the money immediately. There is
never any delay in matters of this kind, where
the decree of a court of admiralty is rendered.
We have no evidence, so far as I know, as to the
amount of money received by the clerk, or even
as to the amount of the decree in favor of the
captors.
1 do not think, then, that it comes within the
principle on which Congress have previously
acted where property taken from an enemy has
been destroyed, and they have chosen, in conse-
quence of the gallantry of the action, to say to
the captors, " we will give $rou a reasonable sum,
to be distributed pro rata as would have been the
amount which you would have received if the
vessel had been brought in." In this ease they
did that in regard to one of the vessels. The
other vessel was brought in; her cargo was libeled,
and there was a decree in favor of the captors. I
have not seen the record, but that is the statement
as it is made. It seems to me that it is carrying
the practice very far now, when so long a period
has been suffered to elapse, when we are not able
to trace why or wherefore the money was not
paid, or even the amount of the decree that was
rendered in favor of the captors, to call upon us to
distribute $25,000, not between the entire parties
concerned m this capture, but solely between two
individuals who represent the commanding officer
of one boat, and the commanding officer of an-
other.
• Mr. HAYNE. I have not risen to make a
speech; I should be sorry to inflict one on the
Senate at this time, or to cause a minute's delay.
I rise only to state that I believe I am the only
individual among the Senators who knows, per-
sonally, all the circumstances of the case, and I
am sure (though I will not enter upon any argu-
ments to prove it) that the claim is just. If Sen-
ators could but know hosv poor some of these
parties are, they could not hesitate to grant a boon
so small. Even allowing for a moment that the
letter of the law maybe against the claim, which
1 utterly deny, the spirit of the law, the spirit of
philanthropy, of justice, of kindness, is all for the
widow and the distressed. I hope the Senate will
do justice, though it is late. It is never too late
to act justly.
Mr. KENNEDY. I may be allowed to say a
single word; I do not mean to make a speech. I
wish simply to correct a misapprehension of the
Senator from Delaware in regard to the applicants.
One of them is David R. Whitely, who was the
sergeant under Captain Towson at the time. He
is now living in the most abject, squalid misery
in the city of Baltimore. He is one of the bene-
ficiaries of this bill. He is now supported en-
tirely by private charity, and is really an object
of commiseration.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not mean to oppose the
bill any further. If it is the will of the Senate to
pass it, I have no objection. My opposition to it
is only on general principles. I think it ought to
be amended. As the bill stands it directs the
money to be paid to the captors: that is the lan-
guage. It says they are to be entitled to $25,000.
It does not say anything about their shares or pro-
portions. If it described in what relative propor-
tions the money should be paid, and then declared,
as it does subsequently, that the money should go
to the widowofoneofficerandthechild of another,
of course it would mean their shares. As it stands
the effect of the bill is to dhectthe entire amount
which you say is to be paid to the captors, to be
given to two parties,
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senator misunder-
stands the bill.
Mr, BAYARD. I do not think I do.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state to the Senator
from Delaware that 1 was the only member of the
Naval Committee who opposed this bill on prin-
ciple, but I simply declared that if the amend-
ments which I offered were not made, I should
discuss the question in the Senate. If the yeas and
nays are called on the bill, I shall vote against it;
but I think the bill in the form in which it now
stands amended, perfectly protects the Treasury
from any such demands as the Senator from Del-
aware supposes. If, however, he wishes to move
a further amendment out of abundant caution to
make it perfectly safe, I shall accept it.
Mr. BAYARD. I have read the bill as amend-
ed, and I believe the Senator from Louisiana is
right on that point.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a
third time. - The bill was read the third time.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays on
its passage; and they were ordered;#and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen,"Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Broderick, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Durkee, Fessen-
den, Foot, Foster. Gwin, Hamlm, Harlan, Hayne, Houston,
Iverson, Kennedy, Mai lory, Pu«?h, Sfvvard, Simmons,
Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and
Wright—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayaid, Pitch, Fitzpatrick, Johnson of
Tennessee, King, Polk, Reid, Slidell, and Stuart—9.
So the bill was passed.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed a bill (H. II.
No. 550) making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the bill wag
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
MARY A. M. JONES.
On motion of Mr. PUGH, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 42) grant-
ing a pension to Mary A. M. Jones.
Mr. PUGH. There were several amendments
offered to this bill when it was up before, which
the Senators who offered them were disposed to
withdraw provided Mrs Gaines's case was with-
drawn. That is Mrs. Gaines's own desire, as
signified to the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward;] and I hope, by general consent, those
i amendments will be withdrawn or voted down,
and that the House bill will pass without amend-
ment.
: Mr. SEWARD. I comply, with great *pleas-
| urc, with the suggestion of Mrs. Gaines that she
may not embarrass Mrs. Jones by this move-
: ment; and I move to amend the bill as it stands,
by striking out the provision in favor of Mrs.
Gaines.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I presume, by common
consent, the amendments put on the bill can be
| withdrawn, and let the bill pass for Mrs. Jones's
relief.
The PRESIDING OFFICER* (Mr. Fitzpat-
. rick.) That will be regarded as the general sense
of the Senate, unless objected to. The Chair hears
no objection.
, Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not consent to it.
Mr. PUGH. There was an amendment put
on to the original bill on the motion of the Sena-
tor fiom Georgia, [Mr. Toombs;] but I have sat-
isfied him, by a certificate which I have, that his
amendment makes only a difference of two dol-
lars a month. I hope some Senator will move a
reconsideration of that amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. I suggest if it is fair to take
up the bill in the absence of my colleague?
Mr. PUGH. I have spoken to him. He does
not care about it.
Mr. BIGLER. Has the common consent of
the Senate already been had to strike off all the
amendments ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
understanding of the Chair.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will make no objec-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFCER. The bill will be
read as amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it enacted^ §c., That tiie Secretary of the Interior be
