1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
r irected to place the name of Mary A. M. Jones, widow of
lirevet Major General Roger Jones, deceased, late Adjutant
General of Hie Army, upon theroll of pensioners, and pay
her a pension at the rate of fifty dollars a month, said pen
sion to commence with the Slst day of July, 1852, and ti
continue during lier natural life.
/•
°
I "
ml C<
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senate -will take off'
the latter clause, which is a change of the House
bill. It makes only a difference of two dollars a
month. The bill, as it originally stood, allowed
her one half the pay proper of her husband. That
would be fifty dollars a month. The limitation
put on, at the suggestion of the Senator from
Geergia, makes but a difference of two dollars a
month, and necessitates the bill going back to the
House of Representatives at this stage of the ses-
sion, which is tantamount to its defeat. He told
mc he did not care about it, as it only made that
difference. I hope some Senator who voted in
the affirmative will move a reconsideration.
Mr. STUART. I voted in the affirmative; and
to oblige the Senator, I will move a reconsidera-
tion."
Mr. PUGH. I am very much obliged to the
Senator.
Tfie motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 have an
amendment to offer:
*dnd be it further enacted, That there be paid to Mrs.
Maiy Kirby Smith, widow of the late Captain E. Kirby
Smith, of the United States Army, a sum. which, added to
the pay to which she is entitled under the pension act as
widow of a captain, will equal the half pay of a lieutenant
* colonel, this latter rank being the capacity in which said
Captain Smith was serving at the time he received a mortal
wound m leading on his battalion to the decisive charge at
the battle of Mohrio del Rey, in Mexico.
Mr. PUGH. Let us take the question. I hope
the Senate understands this business of putting
one bill on to another.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
that the bill is a proposition to pension the widow
of an officer of the Army who served his country
for a long lime, and perhaps very faithfully and
efficiently, with high rank, at a large salary; but
there is a good deal in the way these cases are
stated. The argument is general, that the indi-
vidual to whom you propose to give/a pension
served the country. Now, there is no one who
will hear me say aught against the services and
patriotism of General Jones; but there is another
way to state the ease. A man may serve hiscoun-
try, and his country may serve him; and some-
times if you keep a correct account, and credit !
the individual with all the services he rendered,
and then charge him with the length of time the
Government lias supported him, there may be
some doubt as to which way the balance would
fall. General Jones served his country faithfully
no doubt, and it is equally true that the country
served him faithfully for some thirty-live or forty
years, sustained him, paid him a large salary.
He died in his bed, as I understand, at a green
old age. I present you the case of a man who
went out to fight the battles of his country, and
who fell in fighting the battles of his country most
gloriously and gallantly. When the. widow of
that captain comes here you put her on the pen-
sion roll at twenty dollars a month, in the first
instance for only five years, but under the recent
law it is continued for fife. There does not seem
to be any great sympathy for a widow of that de-
scription. Then look at the widows of the sol-
diers. They receive a half-pay pension for five \
years, which is only sixty dollars a year, and the
whole five years would come to $300, just half the
amount you propose to give in this bill for one
year. It is strange that the widow of a gallant
soldier,a private, a lieutenant, or captain, should
not be entitled to receive the same amount of com-
fort and attention as the widow of an officer of
higher rank, who always obtained large pay
from the Government while alive. Mrs. Smith
has three children,whom she supports by her own
exertions as a teacher. If Mrs. Jones is entitled
to fifty dollars a month as a gratuity, when her
husband died at a ripe age, not from disease or
wounds contracted m the line of duty, how much
more is Mrs. Smith entitled to a like monthly al-
lowance ?
I do not intend to consume much time, but
when there is such a great anxiety to do justice
at this late hour of the session, I do not see why
we should not embrace all the cases withm the
scope of justice. I do not see why individual
cases should be selected and pressed at this un-
propitious time, at the heel of the session, to the
exclusion of all others. I desire to secure equal-
ity. In the case covered by the bill, the man died
pn his bed after his country had served him for a
number of years. In the case for which my
amendtaent provides, the man fell on the battle-
field, left his wife and children to mourn his loss,
unprovided for. I send up the report and ask to
have it read at the clerk's table, as part of the
speech I intend to make in the widow's behalf.
Mr. PUGH. I do not see what business we
have reading a report. A report is read in sup-
port of a bill. This is a private amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I want it read
as a part of my argument.
Mr. PUGH. I do not wish to have any diffi-
culty with the Senator about it; I do not want to
be captious.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have as much
right to have it read as to give an explanation.
The Secretary read the following report, made
in the House of Representatives, by Mr. A. Oli-
ver, on the 19th of July, 1856:
The Committee ori Invalid Pensions, to whom was re-
feried the memorial of Mary Kirby Smith, report:
That they liave examined the .<-,une, the evidc-nce there-
with submitted, and the report made in the samp ease to
the Thirty-First Congress, by the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, and tliat they coiicunn said report, wlncti
is as follows:
"The memorialist claims to bp the widow of E. Kirby
Smith, who was a captain in the fifth regiment of the Uni-
ted States infantry, in the late war with Mexico, and who
fell, mortally wounded, while leading a battalion, acting m
the capacity of lieutenant colonel, in the attack on Molmo
del Rey, on the 8th day of September, 1847; and she a-des
that she may receive, under the act of July *21, 1848, the
half pay of a lieutenant colonel for five jears", in heu of the
half pay of a captain, now allowed her by the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, under the provisions of said act.
k< The committee find that the memorialist is the widow
of E. Kirby Smith, deceased ; that before the commence-
ment of the late war with Mexico he wa« a captain in the
United Stares Army, and m the mouth of August, 184,"), was
ordered to join, and did join, the at my under General Tay-
lor ; that he was m the battles of Palo Alto and Resaca de
la Pahna, on the 8rh and 9th of May, 1846; and that m the
action of May 9, 1846, he was in the thickest of the light,
having been one of the first to enter the ravine, and there
remained until the contest closed ; that, on account of do-
mestic affliction and peisonal sickness, he was not permit-
ted to accompany the army to Monteiey, hut joined the
corps under General Worth at Saltiilo, and was transferred
from thence to VeraCruz, under Geneial Scott; that at the
disembarkation of the troops below that city, he piefoi med
the duties of a major in a battalion under the command of
Lieutenant Colonel C F. Smith ; that he continued to dts-
chaige the. duties of m.ijor in said battalion from said time
until near the time of the battle of Mohno de! Rey: that on
that occasion his battalion consisted of eight companies,
and, on account of the sickness of us colonel, its command
devolved on Captain Smith; that he led said battalion to the
charge on that occasion with a gallantry that commanded
the admiration of the whole army ; and that in said act, in
the hue ofhis duty, at the veiy moment of victory, he fell,
mortally wounde-1, by a musket-bait striking him under the
left eye and* passing out at the left ear, from which wound
'he languished for Jour days, and died on the 1:2th day of 1
September, 18-17 5 that at the tune of the decease of said ,
Smith he had three children under the age of sixteen years, j
to wit: of the age ot eleven, eight, and five yeais, respect-
ively, who aie now living and dependent on their mother,
the widow of «aul deceased, for their support and educa-
tion.
"• Inasmuch as the said E. Kirby Smtth was, at the time
he received the wound that caused lus death, performing
the duties of a lieutenant colonel, and but for that might
have been spared to be the protector and support of his &tUd
widow and helpless children, your committee would rec-
ommend that the prayer of the petition be granted, and that
the petitioner be inscribed on the pension list at the same
rate as she would have been had her said husband been
duty commissioned a lieutenant colonel on said 8th day of
September, 1847; and for this puipo-se they would recom-
mend the passage of the aecompanving bill "
Your committee would respectfully recommend the pas-
sage of the accompanying bill.
Mr. STUART. I hope my honorable friend
from Tennessee will give me his attention for a
moment. I think that is a most meritorious case.
It is m the way, if it has not passed this body, to
be passed. I am apprehensive he does not under-
stand the precise condition of the other case, and
I barely wish to state it to him. It has been
agreed all around, and Mrs. Gaines, among others,
has participated in the agreement, to (iismcumber
Mrs. Jones's bill entirely, and let the Senate vote
upon it, and then let the other cases stand inde-
pendently, and receive the separate action of the
Senate, this case among others. I should vote
for this myself on the reading of that report, but
I suggest to the Senator from Tennessee whether
he had not better allow it to stand independently,
and let Mrs. Jones's bill that has come from the
House be acted on independently. I think we
%shall not advance his case at all by seeking to add ;
it to this bill. I
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. An J appeal
from the Senator from Michigan would have-as
much influence with me as from any other Sen-
ator. I think he understands that always,
gentlemen have a favorite case, they want to get,
it through stripped of all incumbrances. T|*is
case is meritorious, and I think more so than tie
original bilk
Mr. STUART. Allow me one word. I agree
with the Senator, and am not at all certain that I
shall vote for Mrs. Jones's, bill. I only say that
the Senator from Tennessee will not advance his
case by putting it on this bill, because the Senate,
if they have not passed that bill, I apprehend,
cannot fail to pass it.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Tennessee. My object is
to advance the great principle of justice; and
while we are dealing out justice to one, I want-,to
present another case stronger than the one we
propose to provide for; and I hope we shall have
the yeas and nays.
Mr. KENNEDY. I would say to my friend
from Tennessee that I have a case precisely sim-
ilar to his. It is a very strong one, of a constit-
uent of my own^one that appealed as strongly
to me as any case in the world, one that I am
very anxious about, but I refrain from putting it
on this bill. Mrs. Jones's bill has passed the
House, and' if we incumber it by amendments
we defeat the whole. I am prepared, with the
I amendment I have to offer, to bring it in at the
! proper time as a separate, and distinct bill. It
I stands on precisely the same footing as the case
presented by the Senator himself.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will simply
say to the honorable Senator from Maryland
that this is no constituent of mine. There never
has been an appeal to me in this case. No in-
terested or hired persons have made appeals to
me in behalf of this widow. I accidentally
came upon the case, and was made familiar with
the facts. It is for no constituent of mine. I
never saw any of the parties; I know nothing
about them; but I was interested in it from the
clear, strong appeal that is made by a simple re-
citation of the facts. Gentlemen call on. us to
pass the bill as an act of justice; I look upon it
as a gratuity; and I think, m such matters, we
should act equally. One appeal is just as strong
as the other. I am in hopes the Senate will act
favorably upon my amendment. It is not a case
from my State. 1 think it is more meritorious
than the original bill.
Mr. PUGH. I believe the Senate understands
the question. I hope that we may have a vote.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the original amendment, which has been
reconsidered. '
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I thought the
Senate had acted on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They only re-
considered it. The question now is on agreeing
to the amendment.
Mr. POLK. I should like to understand from
the Senator from Ohio whether it increases or de-
creases the amount ?
Mr. PUGH. I stated yesterday that it would
increase it; but the Senator from New Hampshire
has placed in my hands a certificate of the Adju-
tant General, which shows that the bill will give
two dollars a month more than the amendment.
I would not carc about that amount; but to send
the bill back to the House at this stage of the ses-
sion destroys it.
Mr. HALE. It gives fifty-two dollars a month _
instead of fifty.
The Secretary read the amendment; which is,
in lines seven and eight to strike out the words
" one half the pay monthly to which her husband
was entitled at the time of his death/' and insert
" at the rate of fifty dollars per month."
Mr. PUGH. Read the certificate of the Adiu?
tant General.
The Secretary read it, as follows t
An.tnta.nt (Jeseral's Office,
\V'A>uiNtrTON, June 1-2, 1858.
The pay proper which the late Brevet Major General R.
Jones, Adjutant General of the Army, was m receipt of at
the tmie of liw death, an)«qntud to $104 per month
K JD. TOWNSEND,
i/lssktant %$djupant General,
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
