3002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Tennessee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope the
Senate will ffive us the yeas and nays upon it.*
" Mr. STUART. Let me appeal to my friend
again. While I will vote far his case by itself, on
the presentation of the report, most cheerfully—
and I apprehend many Senators stand as I do—I
shall be compelled, from the suggestions that have
been made, to vote aggunst it here. It places Sen-
ators in "an awkward position. I appeal to my
friend not to press it; it will not advance his case
a particle to put it here. It will be just as fur ad-
vanced without going on here as with it.
Mr. IVERSON, I must beg leave to differ en-
tirely with the Senator from Michigan. There is
no prospect of getting this case through, unless
the amendment prevails. The case of Captain
Smith is-so strong a one that I think there will
be no difficulty, if the bill goes back to the Mouse
of Representatives with the amendment, m ob-
taining the concurrence of the House in the
amendment.
Mr. STUART. My friend f^om Georgia mis-
understands me. I only said it would not advance
this bill, and I apprehend the Senator from Ten-
nessee can have his case passed in a minute as a
separate bill.
Mr. IVERSON. Bat (his is the difficulty about
it; the bill, as the Senator terms it, for Captain
Smith, is an original bill in this House. ["Oh,
no.5'] Has it passed the House of Representa-
tives?
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. Then what chance would
there be to get it through the House of Repre-
sentativesm its original shape? None upon earth.
This is the last day of the session; so it is under-
stood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that that is a House bill.
Mr. 1VEPSON. Has it passed the House?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the Secre-
tary infot ins me.
Mr.lVEltSON. Then it is altogether a dif-
ferent question.
Mr. PUGH. We understand it; let us have the
-question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The report
shows that the House bill gave her twenty dol-
lars a month, but this proposes to give her the
half pay of the rank which her husband actually
held when he dud.
Mr PUGH. You can amend that bill when
it comes up as eaMly as you can this.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. There is no
chance of getting it up unless H goes on tins bill.
That gives a to her if the other House concur.
Mr. IVERSON. I want to understand the facts
about (his ease; because they seem to be differ-
ently represented by the Chair and Senators upon
the floor. A hill for the relief of Mrs. Mary
Kirby Smith passed the House of Representa-
tives m the shape read by the Secretary a little
while a£0. Tli.it is what 1 want to understand.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Not at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not m that
shape.
Mr. IVERSON. I understood from the Chair
that the hill which the Senator from Tennessee
offers as an amendment has already passed the
House. If that is the fact, I want to understand it.
Mr. PUGH. It is as easy to amend that bill
as this.
Mr. IVERSON. I can teli the Senator the dif-
ference: that if this amendment foi the relief of
Mrs. Smith is put upon Mis. Jones's bill, it will
stand a better chance to pas^ thiou^h the House
than if it goes separately; because it will then
have the accumulated power of both bills.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask for the
yeas and nays on iny amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Do not dis-
criminate between widows in that way. Give us
the yeas and nays. Do not vete one widow down
and another widow up.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. .vIALLORY. I only desire to say that,
having withdrawn an amendment which I offered
if. behalf of the widow of Commodore Perry, in
oider that tins bill might p.iss, as a matter of
course I cannot vote for another amendment,
however meritorious it may be.
4
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Fe^enden, Foster, Houston j
Iveisun, Johnson ot Tennessee, King, Poik,and VVnght—9^
NAYS—Messrs. Bayaid, Bnaht. Brodenck, C^ngman,
Crittenden, Davis Dooimte, Fitch, Fitzpruuok.Gwm, Hale,
Hailan, Hayne. Jones. Kennedy, Feaire, PugJi, Seward,
Simmons. Stuart, Thom-on of New Jersey, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilson, and Yuh e—25.
So th^ amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and on the question, * - Shall the bill
pass?"
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 28, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Mc=s?rs. Bigler, Bright, Broderick, Cluisrman,
Crittenden, Davis, Dooiitt!<J, Douglas, Fitch, Foot, Gwin,
Hale, Hammond, flavne. Houston, Jones, Kennedy, Mal-
Jory, Pearce, Pugh, Rice, Seward, Simmon*. Thomson of
New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—28.
NAYS—Mcsms Fe-stmdon. Fitzpatrick, Hailan. Jver-
son, Johnson ol Teune&see, King, Poik, and Stuart—8.
So the bill was passed.
MYRA CLARK GAINES.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate now take
up the bill (8. No. 38.3) for the relief of Myra
Clark Games*
Mr. KAYARD. I hope the Senate will take
up a bill which will not occupy live minutes. It
is a bill for no private interest. It relates to the
general interest of a portion of the country. Itis
a bill in relation to the courts, and holding then-
terms in several Territories of the United States.
It wiil not give lise to debate.
Mr. PUGH. I do not think Mrs. Gaines's bill
will give rise to debate, and 1 hope we shall pass
it
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
383) for the relief of Myra Clark Gaines, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Myra Clruk Gaines,
widow of the late Major General Edmund P.
Gaines, on the pension roil, at the rate of half the
pay per month to which he was entitled at his
death, to commence from the 6th day of June,
1849, and to continue during her natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 move to amend the bill by
inserting; the words " not to exceed fifty dollars
a month " [" Oh, no."j We want to pass it.
Mr. TOOMBS, ft will take you till late in the
morning to pass it as it is.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was oidered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Me^is. Allen, Bigl'er, Biicht. Biodenek, Brown,
Ohandloi, Cmi^imui, Coilamer, Crittenden, Davis, Doont-
tJe, Dousiia*-, Fiteli, Foot, Gwin, Ilaie. Hammond, Harlan,
Havno, Hoii-ton, Hunter. Jonoei, Kennedy, Polk, Puyh,
Reul, Sewaid. Simmons, Si u.m. Thomson of New Jcisev,
Trumbull. Wade. U j1m>«. and Wn<rht—34.
NAYS—Clay. tYo^endvn. Fiupnuiek, Iversen.
Johnson of Tenuu-hoe, King, and Toombs—7.
So the bill was passed.
B!L!.S BECOME LAWS.
A messaae from the President of the United
States, by Mr. I-Iexry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following acts:
An act for the relief of Jennet H. McCail, only
child of Captain James McCall of the revolutiou-
1 ary war; and
; An act for the relief of Georgiana M. Lewis.
I MAILS TO CALIFORNIA,
j Mr. BPs-ODElUCLv obtained the floor.
; "Mr. SEWARD". 1 hope the honorable Senator
I from California will allow me to call up the bill
I for the relief of Mrs Turnbull.
; Mr. BRODERICK. After the passage of a ics-
| olution from the Hmseof Repiesentatives, which I
| is on the table, I shall be very happy to vote for j
j the Senator's hill, i move to take from the table !
! the joint resolution (II. R. No. 37) in regard to i
' carrying the United States mails from St. Joseph, i
j Missouri, to Placerville, in California. The Sen-
j ate, 1 believe, did not understand it half an hour
! since, v/hen they refused to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
ijfi Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
ider the joint resolution.
Inasmuch as the time allowed for carrying the
mail from St. Joseph to Placerville is thirty-
eight days, and thirty days would afford ample
time in which to perform the service, and the in-
creased expedition is demanded by the public
interests, the joint resolution authorizes and di-
rects the Postmaster General to order an increase
of speed upon the route, so as to have the mail
| carried through in thirty days, upon a pro rata
j increase of compensation to the contractors.
I Mr. BRODERICK. This resolution passed the
House of Representatives by a*very large vote.
It is a measure of great importance to California.
The Senator from Missouii and my colleague, I
believe, are both better acquainted with the sub-
ject than 1 am. 1 have been spoken to by sev-
eral gentlemen from Missouri who have an inter-
est in this matter, and they believe it will be for
the joint benefit of both States. I hope the Senate
will consider it favorably.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand it, this is a
claim to give the contiactois increased compensa-
tion under the pietense of increasing the speed.
We already expend an immense amount of money
for mails to California, and it seems to me that so
far from increasing the amount, it ought to be di-
minished. I doubt whether these overland mails
are going to be of any benefit to the people of
California. They are too slow. Thegreatmail
communication will be by steamers, it will be by
water that they will get their mails. They are
not going to wait for these overland mails that
will take thirty or thirty-eight days," when they
can get the mails m two weeks by water.
Mi, BRODEUICK. It takes but twenty-five
days by water now from New York to Califor-
nia.
Mr. HUNTER. _ If the Tehuantepec route
should answer the expectations of its friends, they
will get their mails in much less time by that line.
I am unwilling to spend moie money m experi-
ments of mail communication, which it is certain
cannot be as rapid as those which now exist by
water. I think the Senator from California told
us the other day that the expenditure for mail
communication was something like two million
dollars a year.
Mr. BRODERXCK. One million eight'hundred
thousand dollars, I was informed.
Mr. HUNTER. This is to increase it beyond
that sum. In the present state of the Treasury,
and of the Post Office Department, whose expend-
itures are so largely above their means, it seems to
me it cannot be right to contract these increased
liabilities.
Mr. BRODERICK. You can dispense with
three fourths of the other routes, if you will give
us this one.
Mr. GWIN". It will be recollected by the Sen-
ate that at the last session we passed a bill au-
thorizing the Postmaster General to establish
oveiland mail communication with California,
from some point on the Mississippi river. The
Postmaster General located that route from Mem-
phis and St. Louis, by £1 Paso and the mouth
of the Gila, to San Fiuncisco. It is, 1 may say,
an exclusively southern route. It is believed, not
only by the people on this side but on the other
side of the mountains, that the loute named m
this lesoliiuon, which is already established,'and
upon which it is proposed to increase the speed,
is a better route, and one certainly where all the
emigration, I may say, has gone to California. 1
hope that those who have heretofore sustained
the policy of establishing a southern route will
not now throw obstacles in the way of this route.
1 look upon ii as a question of the most vital con-
sequence. I have no doubt that letters will go as
, speedily over tins mail line as any other route. I
expect to see it run in twenty days,
, Mr. HUNTER* Will the Senator from Cah-
i fornia inform me what the present rate of coin-
j pcimtiun ia ?
I Mr. GWIN. Three hundred and ten thousand
! dollars on tins route; on the southern loute it is
£600,000. The increased price is to be pro rata.
j Mr. UCJNTER. We are to pay one third
! more.
! Mr. GWIN. No; we only pay for the increase
! of stock rendered necessary.
' Mr. TOOMBS. I think it is a matter of some
