1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
consequence, in the present condition of the Post
Office revenues, that we should know where we
are drifting to. The'Senator from California
speaks of the route from St. Louis and from
Memphis as a southern route. The last Con-
gress passed the law, and a very bad law I think
it was, for you had plenty of people to carry the ■
mails from here to California, providing"that the j
President and the Postmaster General should j
select the best and the cheapest route to carry the I
United States mail overland from the Mississippi '
river to San Francisco. On reviewing all the !
routes everywhere west of the Mississippi river, j
they have selected the one from St. Louis down j
by Preston to El Paso, and to San Francisco. It j
was not selected as a southern route, or a north- I
ern route, but as a United States route, upon the
best, cheapest, and nearest way of getting the
mail through. I presume they acted according
to law. I have heard no complaint 011 that score.
I suppose, if they had not done so,.there would
have been a commission of inquiry. I believe
that is common now. If a trust is confided to a
Department, and it is notdone to suit gentlemen,
they get up a commission of inquiry. There
having been no commission of inquiry in this
case, I take it the propriety of this action of the
President and Postmaster General was generally
acquiesced in. There was no cheating, no job, 110
swindling in it. I presume they selected the best
route. I do not know whether they did or did 1
*not; but I believe so, from the fact that there has ,
been no commission of inquiry.
Here is a point from which the contractors j
agreed to carry all the mails to San Francisco in j
thirty-eight days. They want to bring the time i
down to thirty days. If the Postmaster General
thinks the public service requires that it should !
be expedited, he has the right, under the laws of 1
the land, to provide for it. Why does he not do :
it? You want to pass this bill to make him do it, j
when he thinks the public interest does not re- i
quire it. Why ought you to authorize him? I i
do not think many of you have inquired into it \
to know whether it is right or wrong; but I take ,
It these contractors want to get a large additional j
compensation for carrying the mails on this route
which the Postmaster General does not think ;
they are entitled to, forif lie thought the increased I
speed necessary, he could order it under the pres-
ent law of the land, making the contractors a reg-
ular pro rata allowance. It is stated in the reso- i
lution that it is important to the public service. It
may be; I do not know whether it is or not.
ilr. HUNTER. I suggest to my friend that
the resolution not only says be shall be author-
ized, but directed. I move to strike out the words
'■ and directed."
ilr. TOOMBS. He is authorized now, and
the resolution was intended to cover a direction
against the ideas of the officer at the head of this
Department. He is now authorized to have this
increased rate of speed if he thinks it proper, but
you propose to direct him to do it whether the
public interest requires it or not. That is all it
is intended for. Well, will ihe Senate direct him
when they do not know that what he has done is J
his duty, under existing laws? I am told as a j
reason for it, that the travel will go along this line, i
Really, I do not know any reason why ihe mail j
of tire United States from this side to the Pacific, j
should go on a road because people do. If we !
can get a better road for the mails, let us do it. I ;
do not so- that the United States mail should ne- j
eessariiy be carried over a route because it is an
emigrant route. I think there ought to be an .
overland mail,and it ought to be on the best route.
U should be a unite for the advantage of the j
whole country; it should in no sense bescctional.
Gentlemen ought to show Congress which is the !
best route, and let us take that; or if you^referit
to the Department, let them select it. We have
got a route selected by the Department, and we
have got the Tehuantepec route, and the Panama ,
route, and as soon as we can get that free-nigger
route through Nicaragua, we shall have a Nig^er- \
agua route, and we shall have a Honduras route, 1
and so we are to have six or seven mails to Sail
l-Vancisco. I think we shall be paying too dear
for the whistle. :
Mr. BRODERICK. The Senator from Gcoi- '
giii is correct in saying that the Postmaster Gen-
f-ml has a right to reduce the time on this route; j
but he does not see fit to do it. The Postmaster i
General has a mail route from his city to Califor-
nia, on which the contractors have contracted to
carry the mail in twenty-five days. It is an Im-
possibility. I believe the mail can he carried over
the route named in this resolution in thirty days; ij
and, if so, you can dispense with your large *\
$600,000 contract for the route from Memphis, Ij
and your $175,000 contract for the route from j!
San Antonio in*Texas, to San Diego in Califor- Ij
nia; and you can dispense with all your small j!
overland contracts. I shall vote at the next ses- jj
sion for the Tehuantepec route. Give us this il
route and that across Tehuantepec, and I think
the people of California will be satisfied. If the
Postmaster General were disposed to encourage
the contractors on this line, I presume he would
reduce the time; but I believe he has more inter-
est in Memphis than he has in St. Joseph, Mis-
souri, or Placerville, California*. This is a route
that is very important to the people of my State.
It is the middle route; it is not an extreme south-
ern route. I hope the vote will be taken, and the
resolution passed.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to ask whether there
is an existingcontract to carry this mail in thirty-
eight days?
Mr. BRODERICK. There is.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to know what
is the amount paid per annum, under that con-
tract ?
Mr. BRODERICK. Three hundred and ten
thousand dollars.
Mr. BAYARD. Then this resolution proposes
to increase that amount one fifth.
Mr. BRODERICK. Oh, no. The increase
will only he for the additional stock required.
Mr. BAYARD. There is a pro rata increase,
and if you bring the time down from thirty-eight
to thirty days, it must be one fifth.
Mr. YULEE. There is a regulation of the De-
partment on the subjeet:
"The Postmaster General may alter the contract, arid
alter the ecliedules, on allowing a yro rata niciease of com-
pensation within tin1 restrictions imposed by law for the
additional service required, or tor increased speed, if the
employment of additional -nock or earners is lendered ne-
cessary; but the contiuctor may,iu ca-e of increased expe- :
(lition, rebnquifti the contract on timely notice (if lie pre- I
fer it) ot the change." ;
That is the regulation by which, I presume,
the Department will be governed.
Mr. POLK. The honorable James Craig, one
of the Representatives in the other House from
Missouri, addressed a letter to the First Assist-
ant Postmaster, who is familiar with the subject,
in reference to this matter of pro rata increase.
To that letter he has received an answer, of which
I will read the last sentence, as it is the only one
that bears immediately on tins point:
"If increased speed is ord.j,rd, ilic ]>ro rata rule a!?o
governs, the contracior liem!* pud tor the additional stock,
hands, &c., nece-siuy to accomplish it, pioof of which, of j
course, lias to be I limited."
That is what the pro rata increase is. It is de-
termined by the amount of increased stock and ;
labor that is required to do the work. That is all
that is meant.
Mr GREEN. That explains to the Senate all
the increased cost and expense this resolution will
necessarily lead to. The Senator from Georgia,
I think, is incorrect when lie refers to the Tehuan-
tepec, Nicaragua, and Panama routes as affording
all the facilities that the people of the United States
desire from the Atlantic to the Pacific. The North
must have a route; they are entitled to it. It is
not a sectional question.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will my friend allow me to
ask him whether or not the route from New York
to San Francisco is not a northern route?
Mr. GREEN. It is not. It may be for the
city of New York; hut it is notfor Miss^mi, for
Iowa, for northern Illinois, and for fifteen million
people. If they are to send their correspond-
ence down to that route, it will take longer than
to send it across the continent on this northern
route; for in order to get there from Chicago, they
must send it to New York or New Oi leans, and
then after it gets there it must go to Tehuante-
pec, to Nicaragua, or to Panama, and from thence .
tu San Francisco. While it mt^httake the same ■
length of time from the eify of New A ork, it
ou^ht to be remembered by the Senate that in
order to go by that route, the correspondence
must first get to the city of New York. Theie is
an immense scope of country in the whole North- i
west, embracing Iowa, Missouri, Indiana, Ohio,
Wisconsin, Michigan, Minnesota, and Illinois,
all of which must have an outlet. Where are
they to gfet that outlet if you dam up and stop the
only route they have to the Pacific?
When we make routes, they are not merely for
cities; they are for the great public. We have
| already established, under law, the route from St.
j Joseph across to Placerville, in California. This
! resolution is only to increase the speed on that
j route from thirty-eightdays fo thirty, which will
! make it a shorter and a quicker route than any
j other, and it will be a great benefit to the whole
! northwestern part of the Republic of the United
States. How much will it cost? Nothing, as the
letter read from the Assistant Postmaster General
says, except the increase of the material in car-
rying it—the mules and wagons and wsgon-mas-
ters. Shall we injure and keep back the North-
west because New York city has already accom-
modations? because Norfolk may already have
accommodations? and because New Orleans may
already have accommodations? I do not think it
right. Give the same facilities to all sections of
the country, without reference to locality. If the
correspondence of Iowa is di iven to the necessity
of traveling to New York, and starring from there
for California, it is placed behind New York;
while, if you look at the topography of the coun-
try, you find it is one third of the way to Cali-
fornia before it starts. Isit right? No. Let them
have a straight exit. Let them go forward. They
can do it; they prefer it.
The question has been asked, why say "au-
thorize and direct^" I answer, I spoke to the
Postmaster General myself, this evening, since
the Senate took a rcccss, and he says that he
would rather Congress would direct it than dircct
it himself. It is not to speak to the Postmaster
General in arbitrary terms. He prefers it; he is
in favor of it; but he wants the responsibility
taken by the properpower. I think it right. Other
Senators may not. It looks to me like extending
the same facilities,the same accommodations to all
sections of the Union, without reference to local-
ity; and for that reason I shall vote for it, and I
know it is agreeable to the Postmaster General in
its present terms. I can see no propriety, I can
see no necessity in compelling the interior, fifteen
hundred miles from the coast, to go to the coast
in order to start. I hope the question will be
taken.
Mr. TOOMBS. I choose to put the country
right against the remarks of the Senator from
Missouri, and his appeal to what he calls the
Northwest. I stated that there were already four
routes to the Pacific; and two of them start in
Missouri. Where is the injustice to the North-
wes t?
Mr. GREEN. What two routes start in Mis-
souri ?
Mr. TOOMBS. One from St. Louis, and the
one on which you now want to increase the speed.
Mr. GrREbiN. The route that starts at St
Louis only taps the route from Memphis for the
accommodation of St. Louis, not for the accom-
modation of the Northwest.
Mr. TOOMBS. It may be that the Memphis
taps the St. Louis route. According to the con-
tract, I believe the mails are to he carried from
St. Louis and .Memphis rrrFort South, where they
unite. I do not know winch taps the other. One
starts from Memphis—not the town of the Post'
master General, as the Senator from California
[Mr. Buodeiuck] stated, for he does not live
there, but it h m his State—and the other from
St. Louis. The great Northwest, including Mis-
souri, has two routes to California, starting1 from
within her own borders. I think that is suffi-
cient for the Northwest, even if site wis ten times
a3 hjjr—rwo out of the four routes. We now pay
$2,000,000 for this mail service.
Mr. GREEN. Two millions to Missouri r
Mr. TOO VIB8. Two millions for carrying the
mails from this side to the other side.
Mr. GREEN. Name the routes that get the
$2,000,000, and the amount that each gets.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is £310,000 for the St.
Joseph luute; $600,000 for the St. Louis and
Memnhia route; $260,000 for the Tehuantepec
route; and about one million dollars for the route*
from Panama to San Francisco.
Mr. GREEN. How much does the Northwest
get of ail that?
