,3004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Mr. TOOMBS. Three of the termini are in the
West and Northwest. One of them starts from
New Orleans; another from St. Louis and Mem-
Shis; and another from St. Joseph. The great
forthwest has almost an exclusive advantage in
this respect, Iowa has only to send her mails to
St. Joseph or to St. Louis, to go from thence to
California. If they want to go through Utah,
they can do it. If they want to go by way of Fort
Smith, they can do so by starting from St. Louis
or Memphis, If they prefer to go by way of Te-
huantepec, they can go down to New Orleans,
and take that route; or they can go to Havana,
and there tap the route from New York toChagres.
The ^prthwest, therefore, has the advantage of
all the four existing routes, for which we pay
$2,000,000. Shall we pay more? The whole postal
bill is $9,000,000, and that is $4,000,000 more than
it ought to be. Two million dollars of this goes
for carrying the mail to one town west of the
Rocky Mountains. 1 suppose, however, it com-
mends itself to the Senate, because it is extrava-
gant and nonsensical.
Mr. BRODERICK. This resolution is in re-
lation to the mail to Placerville, in California,
which is some one hundred and seventy-five miles
from San Francisco.
Mr, TOOMBS. There is another contract, I
presume, from Placerville to San Francisco. Is
there not?
Mr. BRODERICK. Not that I know of.
Mr. TOOMBS. I reckon they have mail com-
munications. In fact, I will undertake to say so
on general principles, without knowing anything
about it. I presume there is a mail from Placer-
ville to San Francisco.
Mr. BRODERICK. The mails are carried
daily from San Francisco to Placerville, if that is
what the Senator means.
Mr. TOOMBS. They have a mail fourteen
times a fortnight to take to San Francisco from
Placerville what arrives there once a fortnight. If
the Postmaster General thinks it to the public ad- |
vantage to increase the speed on this route, he j
can do it; but tKe Senator from Missouri says he !
would rather have Congress direct him to do it. i
Certainly. If he does it, he is responsible; and j
when the day of settlement comes for all these !
enormities, he would rather have the responsibil- i
ity on anybody than Aaron V. Brown. He would
rather have you Senators, on this last night of the
session, take the responsibility than take it him- '
self. He hasalready said itou^iit not to be done;
for he has not done it; he has alieady said it is
not wise to do it, because he has not done it; but
if tin- Senate, the House of Representatives, and
the President direct it, he will no doubt do it with
the greatest pleasure.
Mr. POLK. 1 suppose that Congress had
something to do with running the mail from New
York to San Francisco by the way of Panama.
I suppose tha^Congress took some responsibility
about thai. 1 suppose that the Post Office De-
partment did not move in that m the first instance.
J presume that Con^rt-ss may take the responsi-
bility of saying that it is proper to hasten this
mail between St. Joseph and Placerville. There
are some gentlemen, who live immediately on the
Atlantic sea-board, who seem to think that there
is no part of this country except what lies along
the Atlantic sea-board; and the gentleman from
Georgia seems to be one of those. If there is a
mail-route established from New York, he thinks
it is for the accommodation of the Northwest. If
there is a mail-route that runs from New Orleans,
i( that is for the accommodation of the Northwest
and Northeast," says the gentleman. Sir, I un-
dertake to say that any sensible man who wished
to go from New York to San Francisco, if he had
a feasible and easy way of going through our own
country, would never think of going down over
the Isthmus of Panama, and encountering the
heat, the disease, and the inconveniences that are
on such a route, if he could go through the tem- j
perate latitude that this route proposes to take the |
maiioyer, Thisroute is already established. The!
contracttimeisthirty-eighttiays. Itis known by j
those who have taken the trouble to inquire |
jnto u—and the Senatorfrom Georgia might know i
it if he would take the trouble to inform himself |
—that that distance can be made very easily in ,
thirty days, and even in twenty-five days. The ]
question now is, shall not Congress shorten the j
time? So^e say rt is a job for contractors. t
Mr. PTJGH. Will my friend allow me to ask
him a question ?
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. By whom was this period of
thirty-eight days fixed? By the Postmaster Gen-
eral ?
Mr. POLK. I so understand.
Mr. PUGH. What time is fixed for the route
from Memphis ?
Mr. POLK. Twenty-five dajfs.
Mr. PUGH. Ry the Postmaster General?
Mr. POLK. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. I understand it all now.
Mr. POLK. The Senator from Virginia said
he supposed it was a pretense to draw money out
of the Treasury. The Senator from Virginia is
very much mistaken; for, if I understand this
subject—and I believe I have a pretty good un-
derstanding of it—this is a movement that is not
made at all by the contractors. The contractors
have no desire to have the time shortened, for they
get nothing by it except the additional expense
they will be put to in the way of horses and hands
that are necessary to produce the increased speed.
It is not a movement made by those who are in-
terested in the contract on the route. Well, says
the Senator from Georgia, there has been already
a route established; and he seems to labor under
a false impression on this subject. The act of
Congress to which he alludes, did not give, as I
maintain, to the Postmaster General, or to the
President, the right to fix the termini of that route,
or the direction of it; but it says, in so many
words, that the mails shall be carried from such
point on the Mississippi to San Francisco, in
California, as may be selected by the contractor.
There has been no commission raised in either
branch of Congress to inquire into that matter,
and I am very glad there has not been. I am not
undertaking to say that those who have estab-
lished that route have not done what they thought
to be right; and 1 have nothing to say in con-
demnation of what has been done here; but when
this other route may be made so that a man can
start from St. Joseph and reach Placer'ville, in
California, inside of thirty days, and that with no
additional expenditure of money, except what is
necessary to purchase the wagons, the horses,
and the mules required to produce this increased
speed, I say Congress ought to adopt u. If a
line can be run over that region of country in that
time, it will not only be the route that will carry
the mail matter, but al&o many of the passengeis.
Sir, who would go 
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
excuse me for saying to him that I am in favor of
the passage of his bill; and, if he will consent to
yield, we will try and pass it if we can; and if we
cannot, speaking will not help it.
Mr. POLK, i have nothing more to say.
Mr. HUNTER I just wish to refer to the fact
that, in California, the gross amount received
from postage is $256,994, and the deficit, after
paying for transportation m California and for
commissions of the Post Office Department, is
$102,859. In addition to that, the Senator from
California [Mr. Brodeiiick] assures us that it
costs us $1,800,000 a year to transport the mails
to the Pacific shore; and, besides all that, we are
now asked to increase their pro rata allowance to
this line, on which the time is to be diminished
from thirty-eight to thirty days, which will be
an increase, I understand, of something like one
fifth.
Mr. GREEN. What is the cost of transport-
ing the mail to Norfolk from all points?
Mr. HUNTER. Nobody can tell. There is
no statement of it to Norfolk.
Mr. JONES. I have an amendment to offer if
it is agreeable to the Senate:
Jlad provided, That the Postmaster Geneial h« and he is
hereby authorized, to cause said route to commence at
Council Bluff-; or Sioux City, in the State of Iowa.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that amendment.
Mr. JONES. The adoption of this amendment
will make the road one hundred and fifty miles
shorter, and will give to the State of Iowa some
interest in it, which she has not now. I believe
that the first railroad which will be completed to
the Missouri nvor, will run through the State of
Iowa, and that the Government of the United
States will be saved a considerable sum of money,
and gain a great deal in time by agreeing to my
proposition. It will be an immense accommoda-
tion to the State of Minnesota if it commences at
Sioux City. It will be a saving of at least two
hundred and fifty miles to the State of Minnesota,
generally. It will especially accommodate thecity
of St. Paul in that State. I do not want to have
any discussion on this subject. I am willing to
take the vote at once upon it, and if it is voted
down I shall be content.
Mr. BRODERICK. I will inform the Senator
from Iowa that if his amendment prevails the res-
olution will have to go back to the House. Itis
a House resolution. I hope he will see the neces-
sity of withdrawing it.
Mr. JONES. I am aware of that; and I believe
the House will pass it in five minutes after it gets
there with my amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to strike out the
words "and directed," in the fourth line; so that
the Postmaster General will be simply authorized
to make this increase of speed if he thinks proper.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the Senate will
see the necessity of voting the amendment down,
because the Postmaster General will not increase
the time if it is left to him. Congress will have
to do it.
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays on
his amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The whole question is in-
volved in this word " directed." There is no use
to pas? the resolution with that word stricken
out, and I think it of some importance that we
should pass this resolution. It has transpired
here in the Senate to-night, and we have learned,
that the Postmaster General is sending a mail
around by Memphis, Little Rock, Fort Smith,
and in that direction off to California, at an ex-
pense of some six hundred thousand dollars a
year.* Here is a route from St. Joseph at an
expense of $300,000 in round numbers, half that
amount, and Jhe time fixed on the St. Joseph
route is thirty-eighf days. The time fixed on the
other route is twenty-five days. We are told here
to-night by the Senator from California that the
i mail cannot be carried on that southern route in
I twenty-five days; and why a contract was ever
! made by the Postmaster General to carry the mail
j in that direction 1 could never conceive. The
I whole emigration to California overland goes by
1 the St. Joseph route, or neatly the whole of it.
j Of thf fifty thousand emigrants who have crossed
j the plains, how many, I ask, ever went over the
southern route?- That is the best evidence m the
| world which could be afforded that the proper
I route to California is from St. Joseph; and if
| the Postmaster General has made a contract to
! the prejudice of this route, and in favor of some
! other, at a higher price, I think it is proper that
t Congress should direct him to make the contract
1 to carry the mail over the route which private en-
i terpnse seeks, and which will accommodatc the
I greatest number of people. It is for the people
| that mails are established.
! Mr. HUNTER. I ask leave of the Senate to
! make a report from a conference committee.
I Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. BRODERICK.
i Let us take a vote on this resolution.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the report cannot be received. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator |fom
Virginia, to strike out the words " and directed.''
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayaid, Benjamin, Biown.Clay,
Clubman. Cutteiiden, Ihun.riomk II iyne, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Johnson of Arkn.u-.rt<, John-ou of Tennewp,
Mason, Pearce. lteid, SUddl, Thomson of New Jerae},
Toombs, and Wright—^1.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bell, Broderick, Chandler, Col-
lamer, Doohttle. Douglas, Darken, Fes^nden. Fitch. Foot,
Fo-ter, Gieen, Gvvm, Hale, iiamltn. Harlan, Iver-on, Jones,
King, Polk, Push. Rice, Seward, Simmons, Smart, Trum-
bull, Wade, arid Wiis-ou—*2$
So the amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
oideiea to a third reading, read the third time,
and on the question " Shall the resolution pass
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. GWIN". I wish to say a single word in
reply to what has been said in regard to the Post-
master General.. We are indebted to nobody as
much as we are to him for the establishment of
this route and the other overland mail route to
