1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i mt
actually conferred upon the ignorant, degraded
savage, the elective franchise.
Indians of mixed blood, the tawny sons of the
forests, are also to participate in the administra-
tion of the government. Roving savages, who
have been raised in the wigwam and the chase,
as ignorant of our laws and institutions as the
Hottentots, are to have shirts put upon their
backs and hats upon their heads, as evidence that
they have adopted the customs and habits of civ-
ilization, and then to be marched to the polls,
under the lead of some aspiring demagogue, to
select a Governor, judges of the supreme court,
and legislators. What a mockery of popular sov-
ereignty ! what an outrage upon free government!
what a libel upon the character of our boasted in-
stitutions! Are we, the Representatives of the
freest and most enlightened nation on earth—we,
who have been placed here upon the watch-tower
of liberty, to guard with sleepless vigilance the
purity and sacredness of the ballot-box, the great
avenue of approach to the citadel of our liberties,
to permit a people asking us to confer upon them
State sovereignty thus to cheapen and dishonor
the elective franchise, and endanger the stability
of our institutions ? Are we to permit the destiny
of one of the Slates of this Confederacy by pos-
sibility to be placed in the keeping of unnatural-
ized foreigners and Indians? Sir, I would fain
hope that the intelligence and patriotism of a ma-
jority of the American population of Minnesota
forbid it.
But, sir, what is still more strange, the people
of Minnesota, not satisfied with the bestowment
of suffrage upon the subjects of the kings and i
potentates of Europe, have declared in their fun-
damental law that a residence of twelve months
will qualify them to become Senators and Repre-
sentatives of the State Legislature, judges of the
supreme and district courts: and that the moment
they become naturalized citizens they are quali-
fied to occupy the gubernatorial chair—veto laws
passed by the Representatives of the people, and
act as commander-in-chief of the military and na-
val forces. And not satisfied with furnishing to
us this evidence of their appreciation of the inter-
esting population of the ailTeient nations of Eu-
rope that are now being daily thrown upon our
shores, the sixteenth and seventeenth sections of
the schedule provide that upon the second Tues-
day, the 13th day of October, 1857, an election
shall be held for members of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States, Governor, Lieu-
tenant Governor, supreme and district judges,
members of the Legislature, and all other officers
designated in this constitution;and also the sub-
mission of this constitution to the people for their
adoption or rejection.
Upon the day so designated as aforesaid, every
free v:hite male inhabitant over the age of twenty-
one years, who shall have resided in the limits of the
State for ten days precious to the day of said election,
may vote for ail officers to be elected under this
constitution at such election, and also for or against
the adoption of this constitution.
Not satisfied with the permanent rights of suf-
frage, conferred upon aliens under the constitu-
tion, after twelve months' residence, to cap the
climax of this submission to foreign influence,
every foreigner, who had resided ten days within
the limits of the State, though it may not have
been more than twenty days since he landed upon
our shores, fresh from the hot-beds of despotism,
with no declared intention of ever becoming a citi-
zen of the United States, was permitted to vote
foror.against the constitution, for members of the
House of Representatives of the United States,
and for all State officers.
Sir, the proud temple of our liberty is now tot-
tering amidst the frantic and damning waves of
sectionalism and Red-llepublieanism that lash
its base. The virtue, intelligence, and devotion
to country, of our own citizens reared under the
shadow of the star-spangled banner, with its hal-
lowed and patriotic associations, are now being
tested to the utmost extent, in the attempt to pre-
serve our glorious Union; and from present indi-
cations, the strong probability is, that we shall
prove inadequate to the task. And yet, at this
critical period in the history of our country, we
are asked to admit a State into this Union, whose
destiny may be controlled by men born, raised,
and educated in foreign countries; enveloped in,
the dark mantle of despotism; with thoughts
feelings, and sentiments unlike ours, many of
whom have come hither under the delusive idea
that freedom consists in whatever their unbridled
wills may dictate. Do the great body of these
aliens possess the qualifications indispensably ne-
cessary to enable them to exercise intelligently
the right of suffrage. Many of them; ay, a large
majority, are wholly ignorant of our language,
the machinery of our Government, the genius
and spirit of our institutions; and yet strange to
tell, we are asked to place them, while under alle-
giance to a foreign Government, incapable of com-
mitting treason against our own, on a full and
perfect equality with native-born citizens, the sons
of our soil, the legitimate inheritors of this Gov-
ernment, to put in their keeping, and under their
guidance—in part at least—our country and its
institutions.
Yes; we, with revolutionary blood coursing our
veins; we, who have been taught from our child-
hood to look upon the flag of our Union with
emotions of pride and admiration; we, who have
drunk the milk of republicanism from our earliest
infancy; we, who have made the scenes of the Rev-
olution our daily companions, and hold constant
communion with the spirits of bur ancestors, yet
breathing in the glorious institutions under which
"we live, and move, and have our being," are
boldly asked to confer—not upon naturalized for-
eigners, but upon aliens, subjects of the crowned j
heads of Europe, men who owe allegiance to for- ;
eign potentates and Powers, the sworn enemies 1
of our institutions—all the rights and immunities 1
of naturalized and native-born citizens; to bestow
upon them an equal participation with us in the
making of State laws, in the administration of
a State government, and even in the election of
Representatives and Senators to the notional Le-
gislature. Think you that they are competent to
the performance of these high political functions?
No; you know they are not. Why, then, indorse
such an enormous political heresy ? Why perpe-
trate such a monstrous outrage upon the rights
of American and naturalized citizens? Others
may do it if they choose. I, for one, shall never
be instrumental in conferring upon that army of
foreigners now being landed upon our shores—
numbering from three to five hundred thousand
every year—political power before they have even
served out the short probation required by the
laws of the land, enacted m obedience to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
Sir, this is said to be an age of progress. In the
arts and sciences, m mechanics and agriculture, it
is emphatically so; but, in my humble judgment,
so far as the science of government is concerned,
it is an age of reckless innovation and wild adven-
ture. Neither laws nor constitutions can stay the
ruthless hand of demagogism and political cm-
pyricism. Every barrier erected by the purest
patriotism, operating on the highest intelligence,
must give way before the fell spirit of party, and
the inordinate and selfish ambition of man. Sir,
the question may well force itself upon every re-
flecting mmd, is the nationality of this mighty
Republic to be destroyed? Are oar laws to be
made and our constitutions to be framed by for-
eigners? Are we no longer able lo govern our-
selves; to pilot the mighty ship of State, so nobly
and majestically fashioned and safely launched
upon the ocean of freedom by our illustrious an- ■
cestors ? , :
Is this country dedicated to human liberty; rich j
in ail the varied productions of earth; possessing \
every clement of material and political greatness j
and beauty, magnificence and prosperity, that the j
human mind can conceive of or the human heart j
desire, to be the great receptacle of the overflow- |
ing nations of the globe, into whose bosom is to
be thrown the icdundant population of the Old
World, many of whom are transmitted by their |
Governments in consequence of their crimes and j
poverty ? And are they to be our peers ill the ex- j
eeutive, judicial, and legislative administration of :
our Government, as arc American citizens, born i
beneath the flag of my country. With revolution-
ary blood coursing mv veins, I solemnly protest !
against it. Let others "do as they may, I shall not j
vote for the admission of a State into this Union ,
whose constitution tolerates alien suffrage, solong .
as I lemain a member of the American Congress. ;
Sir, 1 aak not to close our doors against the I
"downtrodden" millions of Europe—the honest
and industrious—let them come; this is the
" Land of the free and the llcine of [lie brave."
Let them be protected in the enjoyment of lift,
liberty, and property. Let them become familiar
with our institutions, our form of government,
the principles upon which it is administered. Let
them learn our language, become assimilated tons
in our manners and customs, our thoughts, feel-
ings and sentiments. Let them learn fully to
comprehend the inestimable value of the political,
civil, and religious blessings that we enjoy. In
other words, let them become fully Americanized,
and then, and not till then, should they divide
with us the honors and responsibilities of Gov-
ernment. Thisis what the patriotic and sensible
foreigner demands; surely Americans should de-
mand no less.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I desire to ad-
dress the House on this question before the vote
is taken. I do not desire to have the vote taken
to-day; but as no other member is seeking the
floor, I move to postpone its further consideration
till to-morrow.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
address the House on this subject; but if any ar-
rangement is desired to be made for to-day, I will
make my remarks to-morrow.
The question was taken on Mr. Stephens's
motion, and it was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ,T. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of tha
Union, (Mr. Burnett in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House bill No. 201, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending Juno 30, 1859, the pending question
being on the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Rcffi.y] to the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] to
strike out of lines one hundred and thirty-eight
and one hundred and thirty-nine the following
words: " draughtsmen employed on the land
maps:" and in line one hundred and forty-one to
strike out the words "$25,000," and insert the
words " §8,440."
Mr. BRANCH. When the committee was last
in session, the Chair ruled as out of order the
proviso, proposed by my colleague, repealing the
resolution of the 18th of May, 1843. I think that
the chairman was then under a misapprehension,
and did not understand that it was oh!v a resolu-
tion of the House, and not a law of the United
Slates.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from North Carolina that, al-
though the original resolution under which the
clerks were employed might not strictly be called
legislation, yet the proviso attached to the amend-
mentof tlicgentlcman's colleague would certainly
bo independent legislation in this bill. For that
reason the Chair ruled it out of order.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I want to have my
question of order settled. What is the rule upon
the subject ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that both the
amendments propose to strike out.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Well, the rule, as
I understand it, is, that where one motion is to
perfect the bill, and the other to strike out en-
tirely, the motion to perfect the bill takes prece-
den cc •
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will notice the amendment of the
gentleman from North Carolina, he will see that
the point lie makes is not well taken.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. If the amendment of
the gentleman from North Carolina shall be suc-
cessful, it will abolish these map clerks, as I un-
derstand it.
Mr. RUFF1N. That will be its effect.
Air. DAVIS, of Indiana. Then I trust it will
be voted down.
Mr. RU FFIN. I submit that debate is not in
order.
