3006
TEM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
h§,ve the committees reassemble, and see if they
cannot by consultation relieve us of this difficul-
ty. I move, therefore, to recommit the report to
the conjmittec of conference.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator from
Michigan that the best motion would be that the
Senate insist, and ask for another conference.
Mr, PU.GH. We cannot insist without the
bill.
Mr. STUART. X think the Senator from Vir-
ginia is mistaken. I believe we shall get along
best by having a consultation betweea the com-
mittees.
Mr. HUjNTER. Very well.
Mr. STUART. I make that motion.
Mr. SEWARD. I (w"ish to know whether thef
committee of conference on the part of the House
is not discharged, and it is not necessary to ask
for a new committee of conference?
Mr. STUART. No, sir; the Senator will see
that the committee could not be discharged in this
manner. The House could act on the report, and
on nothing else. It was not their bill. They
could act on the report of the committee; but
nothing else was in their reach.
Mr. SEWARD. Perhaps the honorable Sen-
ator is right, but I think he will find when he
comes to have this bill recommitted to the same
committee of conference,that the members of that
committee, acting on the part of the House of Rep-
resentatives, will consider themselves precluded
• from further action upon it, from the fact that the
bill has been laid on the table in the House.
Mr. STUART. That is a proceeding which
they had no authority to take—none in the world
under parliamentary law. They might as well
come to us saying they have left that bill down
on the Potomac bridge. They have no such
authority, and the committee of conference will
relieve the two Houses of the whole difficulty, I
am satisfied, if we recommit the report.
Mr. BROWN. I do not think the remedy pro-
posed by 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Georgia withdraw his motion for the motion
of the Senator from Michigan ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir. I think the measure
proposed by the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan is a very appropriate and proper one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
£ Mr. BROWN. I do not think it will amount
% to anything. After the extreme action of the
House of Representatives, they are not likely to
send their committee to us again. There is a rem-
edy for this state of things, and it will be effective.
When the new bill is brought up, lay it on the
table, and let it stay here: give up ail idea of
passing any appropriation bill for the PostOffice
Department until the session expires: then, at the
expiration of the session, the President will re-
convene you, and you will have plenty of time to
discuss this whole matter over. The President
will issue his proclamation, and do it instantly.
Let us have a session next week, when we can
take up business in regular order. I am not for
patching up things in this way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think it is worth
while for the Senate to act in a passion on any
mere small point of difference between the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives at this hour of
the session. We may as well take the matter
into serious consideration and see how we can
get out of the difficulty. X do not suppose that
the House of Representatives want to insult the
Senate, and I do not Think there is any occasion
for any indignation on the part of the Senate. It
is a difficulty, and one that embarrasses us at this
present time; the question is how best we can get
out of that difficulty without infringing upon our
own dignity, of which I think there "is not any
great danger in reference to such a matter as this.
1 think the original proposition of the Senator
from Virginia is the best one, for the simple rea-
son that it is the one which would be most likely
to be acceded to. The House of Representatives
have laid the bill on the table, in consequence of
a report of a conference committee who, m my
judgment, having made their report to the House,
were discharged from any further consideration
of the subject. They having reported the bill
back to the House, placed it in the possession of
the House, and the committee have nothing more
to do with it.
If we take the suggestion of the Senator from
Michigan, and Send a message to the House say-
ing that we have recommitted the bill to the same
committee of conference, they will consider that
probably a sort of imp\.ration on their course,
and will not be very likely to agree to it; but if
we appoint a new committee of conference, and
ask, the House to do the samerit is a conciliatory
course, and if the House agree to it, we are at
once relieved of the difficulty in which we are
placed; or we might send a message to'them,
asking them to take the bill from the table, and
recommit it. We can take any form which will
reach the object. -
I do not think the last night of the session is a
time to get up questions unnecessarily if they can
be avoided by proceeding in a regular parliament-
ary course. With reference to the existing diffi-
culty, X do not think it is a remedy which the
Senate or the House will choose, or which any-
body ought to choose, to say that we shall let the
bill fall, and fall for a reassembling of Congress,
in order to pass the same bill at an extra session,
when we can as well do it to-night. It is only
punishing ourselves for the sake of showing a
little temper, and it amounts to nothing.
Therefore, as m my judgment, the course pro-
posed by the Senator from Virginia is perfectly
consistent with our own dignity, and perfectly
respectful to the House of Representatives, ana
one which they would be likely to accede to, I
see no difficulty at all in adopting it, and I hope
it will be adopted in preference to the course sug-
gested by the Senator from Michigan, which, I
believe, will only lead to further difficulty, and
icate the matter still more.
'elieje,
onafflhe;
Mr. S
. STUART. I think that if my friend from
Maine will listen to .me a minute, I can satisfy
him that there are two very serious objections to
his proposition. It will only increase the diffi-
culty. In the first place, you get into a difficulty
on the question raised by my friend from Ohio.
Mr. PUGH. Let me suggest to the Senator
how we can get out of all that. It is competent
for us to ask a conference with the House on the
subject of the bill. Leave outthe word " insist,"
and then you take no acuon on the bill, but just
ask for a conference.
Mr. STUART. I say, in the first place, you
raise the "quesuoa whether you can act on the re-
port of a conference committee without the Will
before you; and my own opinion is that you can-
not do that; but, in the next place, the House of
Representatives may say to you, " you have ap-
pointed a committee of conference on a bill that
has not any existence " By their rules, the lay-
ing of a bill on the table, and reconsidering that
vote and laying that motion on the table, is death
to it. When they have the pioper control of the
bill, that is the effect of their rules. They may
say to you, " you have asked a committee of con-
ference on that bill; you have a new committee;
but we do not propose to appoint a new commit-
tee."
Mr. PUGH. Cannot we appoint a committee
of conference without any bill? I supposed that
was never disputed.
Mr. STUART. I am aware of that.
Mr. PUGH. We can make complaint of them
of a breach of privilege through a committee of
conference.
Mr. STUART. I cannot make myself under-
stood unless I have an opportunity to say what
I desire to say. You may appoint a committee
of conference without any bill; but that is a very
different affair from our ordinary committees of
conference. The Houses may confer together
without any bill; but it is an entirely different af-
fair, and treated in an entirely different way. If,
now, we insist that our committee of conference
is still in existence, and that the bill is still in ex-
istence, and our committee return with the noti-
fication that the Senate insists that that bill 15 m
I existence, and that this committee is m existence
1 with it, they can confer together, and will have
more chance to relieve us of the difficulty than if
we appoint a new committee. We shall involve
ourselves in both these difficulties if we undertake
to proceed with a new committee.
I entertain no doubt that cither body cannot
proceed to act upon the report of a committee of
conterence without the bill, because, when the
report is read you have the right to have the bill
read, to see what it is. The report connects
itself with the bill. It enumerates the amendments
by numbers, one, two, three, <fec. 44 What are
they?" some Senator says, ali the time. We can-
not tell; we have not got the biH. The report has
the same number as the bill. The report is as to
Senate bill No. 369, for example. The question
is on that. Tney are one and the same thing.
You cannot proceed without the bill"; but in this
way we have as good a committee as we desire;
we have a committee that is conversant with all
the facts, knows how the difficulties have origin-
ated, can Confer together a great deal better than
a new one, and we can relieve ourselves.
I agree with the honorable Senator from Maine
that there is no occasion for any offensive or ex-
citable language; but there is an occasion for a
deliberate assertion of what is the parliamentary
law on our part, and we ought to say to the House
of Representatives that they cannot seize a bill,
in which bill they have agreed to several of our
amendments by a vote of the House, so that they
became a part of the bill, and lay that on the ta-
ble and hand us something else. That can never
be done. I wish to relieve ourselves of the dif-
ficulty, and I think the very best way to do it is
to recommit the report, and then let the commit-
tees act
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difficulty, in my
mind, is one that the Senator from Michigan does
not answer; it is that the committee of conference
from the House having made their report, and
the bill being out of their possession, there is an
end of them.
Mr. COLLAMER. The committee of confer-
ence had no report to make. They merely re-
ported that they could not make any.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they i*eport that they
cannot make a report, that is *a report, in one
sense of the word, and rny difficulty is the same.
Their function is ended, so far as the bill is con-
cerned, and it amounts to the same thing, whether
you recommit the report to the same committee
or appoint a new committee, it is, in tact, the
same men appointed again a committee to do the
same thing on which they have acted, in my judg-
ment
But leaving that, it is not to be presumed that
the House of Representatives knew or supposed
that they were doing anything unparliamentary
or improper. The Senator from Michigan says
that they had no right to do this by parliamentary
law; that they have taken a very strange mode
of proceeding, and one which cannot be justified
under the parliamentary law. ' Be it so. That is
a master of opinion. They think they can justify
it. It is not to be supposed, as I said, that they
undertook to do a thing willfully and knowingly
that they believed to be improper. But, having
done so in the judgment of the Senate—and it
seems the Senators who have spoken agree on
that point—the only question is how we shall re-
mind the House of that fact in a manner to settle
the difficulty, and to accomplish what we want
to accomplish—that is, to pass this necessary ap-
propriation bill.
I say you will not accomplish .that by merely
sending a message to them, recommitting the re-
port to the sams committee. They will reply to
you that the report is out of their hands. But if
you take the course suggested by the Senator
from Ohio, and simply ask a conference on the
subject of the bill, that is a request to which they
will be likely to accede, because it is not-to be
presumed that the House want a difficulty any
more than we want. one. It is to be presumed
that they wish to pass the bill in a shape that may
be satisfactory—to make the necessary appropri-
ations. If, therefore^ we send a message to the
House, m proper terms, requesting them to ap-
point conferees to meet conferees on the part of
the Senate, to take into consideration this existing
difficulty, it is to be supposed they, as reasonable
men, will he willing to do it. I hope, therefore,
that course will be taken, because it is the only
one which will get us out of the difficulty. I pre-
fer the form suggested by the Senator from Ohio,
because it removes his objections.
Another thing 1 do not think it-is to be pre-
sumed that the House act on the principles sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Georgia in
making his report; and that is, that they refuse to
save the Treasury a large sum of money, for that
, his idea, by giving up a privilege personal to
i themselves. It is not to be presumed they acted
