1982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understand that, if that
amendment is adopted, these clerkships will be
abolished.
Several Members. Yes ! yes!
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers on Mr. Rcf-
fin's amendment to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Rcffin and
Dean were appointed.
The committee divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes 46, noes 71.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on Mr. Stanton's
amendment.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Will not that amend-
ment reduce the force to the point recommended
by the Committee on Public Lands ?
Mr. J. GLAjNCY JONES. The reduction from
$25,000 to $17,000 will cause a reduction of the
force from nine to five—to three clerks and two
draughtsmen—which has been recommended by
the Committee on Public Lands; and I hope it
will be agreed to.
Mr.WALBRIDGE. When willthattakeplace?
Mr. COBB. The first of next month.
The question was taken, and the amendment
■was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment:
For two mail boys at .^'OOO each, and messenger in charge
Of tlie southern extension, ,®3,300.
This amendment does not increase the appro-
priation. It is offered at this particular point so
that it may come under the head of contingent ex-
penses. It provides the salary for the boys who
carry the members'mails. The appropriation is
in accordance with lav/, and this amendment is
made here for the purpose of correcting a clerical
mistake.
Mr. MASON. It may be all true what the gen-
tleman has said that this is in accordance with
law. When the messengers in the office of the
postmaster of the House received §2 50 a day,
they carried these mads themselves; but just so
soon as their salaries are advanced to $1,400 a year
they got to be above that duty, and had substi-
tutes employed to do their work. There are, then,
two sets of officers employed for doing the same
duty. If it is the pleasure of the House to con-
tinue these sinecure places, they can agree to this
appropriation. It is in accordance with law, of
course, for these messengers to have fellows ap-
pointed and paid out of the Treasury to do their
work for them. I am opposed to the whole sys-
tem that is going on here.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am willing to go
with the gentleman for reform at the proper place,
but 1 am unwilling to put general legislation upon
tlie appropriation bills. These mail carriers are
provided for by law, and their salaries are fixed
by law. This appropriation, then, is simply in
accordance with law. The object of it is to make
it consistent with the resolution by which they
were created, which provides for their pay from
the contingent fund.
if my friend, 1 repeat, will commence his re-
form by moving to repeal bad laws and resolu-
tions, 1 will go with him. I will go with him to
abolish these map clerks, and to reduce salaries
w here they ought to be reduced.
Mr. MASON. The gentleman is full in his
promises; but I introduced a bill in the early part
of the session providing for reform here, and the
gentleman voted against it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. What bill was that ?
Mr. MASON. The bill regulating all the offi-
cers of this House. I noticed, too, that the gen-
tleman voted to continue these land-map clerks,
and that he is opposed to a change of the law in
i hat respect.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am opposed to
fj-ieh a change in the appropriation bills.
Mr. MASON. The gentleman would not vote
fn susrain the Committee of Aecountsin repealing
me law in a separate measure. I am not here
with any expectation of being able to stop these
• lornopri.tunnK. It seems, sir, that all these ap-
; -prir.rioi■ ran be passed, but every manner of
' end deiay is interposed to the passage
" the old so'diers' pension bill. Every means,
' 'vry *-u!<5 otul law are u?ed to prevent the pas-
. '::c of that, measure, which provides for those
v i: i have meiitoiiously served their country.
Mr. GREENWOOD. That bill is not under
consideration; and I make the point that the gen-
tleman is not in order in debating it.
Mr. MASON. Nothingisinorderexceptwhat
relates to this extravagant system of map'clerks,
and what not.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am sorry that
the gentleman has worked himself up into the
state of feeling he has.
Mr. SEWARD. I thought we were under the
five minute rule. If so, then the gentleman is
not in order, for there has been one speech in favor
of the amendment by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and one against it by the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I will move to add
five cents to the appropriation, to get rid of the
gentleman's point. I hope that will not be con-
sidered too extravagant an increase.
Mr. SEWARD. As the gentleman seems to
stand on etiquette, I will insist that his remarks
shall be confined to the reasons for an increase of
five cents. [Laughter.]
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Very well; I hope
that I will be allowed to reply to the remarks of
the gentleman from Kentucky, who saw fit to
make an attack upon me.
Mr. MASON. I did not make an attack; I
stated facts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out of that amendment" $3,000." I desire to ask
! the gentleman from Pennsylvania how many mes-
sengers and mail boys we employ in the post of-
fice, and what the necessity for them is? I rec-
! ollect when we had but four messengers, at a
i compensation of $2 50 per day. Their compen-
| sation was increased, from time to time, until it
| was made $1,400 per annum. After that the mes-
; sengers employed mail boys, at twenty-eight or
| thirtydollarspermonth,duringthesession. More
I recently, they have duplicated all the messengers
there, by giving them mail boys at a salary of
$900 per annum each. I can see no necessity for
both the mail boys and the messengers, and there-
i fore I shall vote against the amendment.
I Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. In reply to the
gentleman from Tennessee, I will say that there
are five messengers employed. I have already said
they are employed in pursuance of law. There
is an act of Congress directingtheiremployment.
Their salaries are fixed. If it is the pleasure of
the committee to repeal these laws by refusing to
, appropriate the money to carry them out, I want
them to understand that I have no feeling upon
the subject, though 1 do not consider that a proper
I mode of proceeding. If they refuse to appropri-
ate money to pay a debt, I have no feeling upon
the subject, though I am nof in favor of repealirg
a law in that way. Upon them be the responsi-
bility. We are bound to appropriate money ac-
cording to law, but the committee have the power
| to refuse to pay its debts if it chooses.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
] of the gentleman under what law the messengers
j or mail-boys provided by this amendment are ap-
[ pointed, and by what law their employment is
I authorized ?
I Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I have not the law or
] resolution at hand, but if it is the pleasure of the
! committee to have the law or resolution read, I can
! have it hunted up in a short time. The estimates
■ arc sent to the Committee of Ways and Means,
, based upon laws, or upon resolution. They are
sometimes based upon acts of Congress, some-
times upon joint resolutions, and somptimes upon
simple resolutions of the House. Those appro-
: priations which relate exclusively to the House
I itself, such as the salaries of its officers, &c., are
based upon our own resolutions, and are paid out
of the contingent fund of the House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
i The question was then taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment—to strike out " $3,000;"
] and it was disagreed to.
i The question recurring on the amendment of
I the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
| Mr. GREENWOOD demanded tellers
| Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jackson and
! Buffinton were appointed.
; ^ Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. With the permis-
sion of the committee, I will now read the resolu-
tion to which I referred:
I Raolveit, That the Clerk of tk« lleuse of Representatives
of the United States be, and he is hereby, ordered to pay,
out of the contingent fund of the House, to the two boys
accompanying the mail wagon , the same compensation as
is paid to boys performing similar duties in the Senate, to
commence at the commencement of this Congress, &e.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then there is no
authority of law for their appointment.
The House then divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 87, noes 32.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to add to the amend-
ment just adopted the following:
Provided, That no part of the money hereby appropriated
shall be paid to clerks of committees appointed under res-
olutions of the present House of Representatives.
I have presented that with a view of testing the
sincerity of gentlemen on the subject of economy.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Does the gentleman
want that provision to apply to the whole bill ?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir; I only wish it to
apply to that portion of the bill which provides
payment for the clerks I have referred to.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I would like the gentle-
men of the Committee of Ways and Means to
explain why it is that there is an appropriation in
the bill for the clerk of the Committee of Claims,
one on page 35, and the other on page 5, and one
for §1,850 and the other for $1,800, and for the
clerks to no other committee?
My proviso, as I have said, is to test the sin-
cerity of gentlemen's professions of economy.
Nearly every committee of this House, by reso-
lutions adopted during this session, have been
granted leave to employ clerks. I admit that it
may be proper for two or three of the principal
| committees of the House to have clerks, but surely
a clerk is not necessary for every committee. I
understand that a gentleman who has been loud
in the expression of his wish for a reform, had a
clerk appointed for the Committee of Accounts,
and paid for without authority of lav/.
A few days ago, when a question was up to ap-
propriate money to carry out a resolution adopted
by the House, it was resisted, on the ground that
it was extravagant and unnecessary. The gen-
tlemen who voted against that appropriation, in
attempting to defend themselves against a charge
of repudiation, which I was of the opinion prop-
erly attached to them, undertook to say that it
was public plunder, an outrage upon the public
Treasury, and an unnecessary waste of the pub-
lic money. Yet some of the gentlemen who urged
thatargument have been securing tho appointment
of clerks to committees, under resolutions of the
House, and are now willing to vote to pay them.
I protested at the time that if the House did not
intend to annul all its future action, it should
resist the exercise of the power asked for; and I
now offer this proviso, to see whether gentlemen
will adhere to their former votes,
I will not undertake to go into the question of
what control the House has over its contingent
fund; but I say that these clerks draw thousands
from the Treasury when some of them absolutely
do nothing. They are appropriated to the use and
convenience of chairmen of committees in order
that what these chairmen may say here may in
print be circulated through their districts for the
advancement of their political interests. If this
useless system is to be continued, and these un-
necessary clerks are to be employed, I shall insist
that one be appointed for each member and Dele-
gate of this House. If the thing is right in part,
it is right in the whole. If, by some particular
management, any gentleman can ingratiate him-
self in the affections of the Speaker, and secure an
appointment of the head of a committee, I do not
understand that that invests him with any extraor-
dinary privileges. Nine times out of ten, and
I say it with ail respect, the Speaker is mostegre-
giously mistaken in the selection of men as heads
of committees. [Laughter.]
By being elevated to the head of these commit-
tees, they acquire a fictitious reputation before the
country, when we here cannot understand what
particularfitness and capacity gave them theo/lice;
what capacity for the Judiciary Committee, the
Ways and Means Committee, the Public Lands
| Committee, or any other committee. I am op-
! posed to indorsing men that they may go out to
! ti:ie country as greater men than'tlioy mslly are;
and I am opposed to conferring exha privileges
i upon them in giving each a eh rk, to be paid for
i out of the United States Treasury. ! do not re-
