1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1983
fleet on anybody. Bat, sir, we know that many
times these clerks are correspondents of news-
papers, and that we see an article frequently in-
serted in those papers puffing these chairmen and
giving them credit to which they are not entitled.
[Laughter.] Sometimes they are connected with
the Executive Departments, and some of them are
reporters.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. If my friend had looked at
the third page and had read it, he would have
found that the clerks forthc Committee on Claims
and theT^ommittee on Finance applied to the
Senate: that is, a permanent clerk for each of those
committees, fixed by law, with a legal salary as-
signed, On the fifth page he will find that the
clerks for the Committee of Ways and Means
and the Committee of Claims are also permanent
clerks in this House, with fixed salaries assigned
to them. When he comes to the clause under con-
sideration, let me say that that is intended to meet
the case of the clerks who have been appointed
under lesolution of the House, and who ought
to be paid for their service, the House having di-
rected their employment. I think, niyself, that
perhaps my friend from Georgia had some ftand
in getting a clerk for the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman is mistaken;
I opposed it.
Mr. LETCHER. You did?
Mr. SEWARD. We have no more use for a
clerk on that committee than we have for the man
in the moon—not a particle.
Mr. LETCHER. I am very glad to hear i(,
and I will withdraw all that I said; it is so much
better than I expected from my friend from Geor-
gia.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman does not usu-
ally have such good associates as I am, and that
is the reason why he is so much surprised.
Mr. LETCHER. The only question is whether,
after directing the clcrks to be employed, you will
appropuate money to pay them.
Mr. MASON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the word 44 proper.5' I Will
Dot ask the gentleman whether he alluded to me
as one who has been inconsistent with his pro-
fessions here.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I must call the
gentleman to order. I had no opportunity to re-
ply to hiTh.
Mr. MASON. You can reply when I have
done.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I want the gentle-
man to confine his remarks to the propriety of
inserting the word " proper." That is the rule
that was laid down for me.
Mr. MASON. I will confine them to proper
remarks. I only propose to state facts, and they
are always proper. And,in the fiv8t place,! would
advise the gentleman from Georgia, as the Pres-
ident did a certain committee of northern <rentle-
mon, before he makes a charge, to ascertain dis-
tinctly whether it is true.
Mr. SEWARD. If I have misrepresented any
fact, I should like the gentleman to state what it
is.
Mr. MASON. I understand the gentleman to
insinuate a chargeagainstme, which has been cir-
culating round in an underhand manner, that not-
withstanding that I have opposed all these things,
I had myself employed a clerk on the Committee
of Accounts. Well, now, that is not so. The
Committee of Accounts some time ago employed
a temporary messenger.
Mr. SEWARD. Did you not use him as a
Cl"'! k ?
Mr. MASON. No, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, a messenger is much
w orsc.
Mr. MASON. Mr. Spinner, one of the mem-
bers of the committee, had most of the time of
this temporary messenger, as he had the exam-
ination of accounts fur engraving, amounting to
030,000, and he had to run down*to the Super-
intendent of Public Printing day after day toget
u>. the facts necessary, in order to decide fairly
it.'on these claims. The Committee of Accounts
h.a! o rijrht to employ a temporary messenger, and
it lias been done a thousand times. I was on the
committee but a short time, and had very little to
do with the matter; but I suppose that when the
"work is done for which this man was employed,
the committee will dismiss him, if they have not
done so already. He was only temporarily em-
ployed for a temporary purpose.
There are various other charges floating around
here, proceeding from interested parties, not for
the purpose of public benefit, but with the purpose
of showing that those who are here standing by
the Treasury of the country and the rights of the
people have done something wrong. It is a petty
little slander.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, GREENWOOD. 1 am very anxious that
the House should proceed with the consideration
of this bill, as I understand that the Senate are
ready for another appropriation bill. I oppose
the amendment, and ask for a vote upon it.
Mr. MASON. I withdraw my amendment,
Mr. SEWARD. And I will withdraw my
amendment, having said all that I want to say.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I am instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment.
Insert after the amendmentlastadopted, as fel-
lows:
For furnishing committee rooms, retiring rooms, and of-
fice's in the south wmg of the Cap'to! extension with gas
fi\:ture<j chandeliers, lion safes, and other furniture,
$10,000.
At the time the estimates were made, the ex-
pense had not been ascertained for furnishing the
committee rooms attached to this Hall with gas
fixtures,&c. Various items were neglected; and
that explains the reason why the amount is asked
for in an amendment instead of being in the ori-
ginal bill. I ask the Clerk to read the letters
which 1 send up.
The Clerk read the letters; as follows:
Office of the House of Reprusuntattves tt s.,
April '23, 1838.
Sir: In addition to the item -'for furmtuie and repairs,
and boxes for member.-;, ^lu.OOO," contained in the e^tt-
m-'tle^ of appropi luuons for tbo service of the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of Junp, 3859, under the head of contingent
expense* of the House of Representatives, a fuithei sum of
.< 10,000 Will be lequued to furm&h the committee iooin?,
re tiling room*, and offices in the ronth winir of the Capitol
extension, with gas fixtures, chandeliers, iron safes, and
other furniture.
Veiy respectfully, J. C. ALLEN,
Clerk of the House of Representatives U. S.
Hon. J. Gi.ancy Jones,
Chairman Committee Ways and Means.
Office of House of Representatives,
Jiprxl 29,1838.
Sir: Your letter of the 28th, asking further explanations
m regard to the estimate from this office of §40,000 required
to furnish committee 100ms, retiring rooms offices, &c., in
tiie south wing ot the Capitol, has been duly received, and
I hasten to answer the interrogators piopound^d. First,
you ask:
" Of the different articles provided form said estimate,
what amount was furnished by the former Clcik of the
House of Representatives, and what amount by yourself :5>
This estimate simply coven the a;l icles already f urm-died
by me, and winch will be rcjuireddui 1112 the ensiungJhcal
year. And it may not be out of place hoie to state, that the
committee rooms were fuimvhed m accoidance with requi-
sitions from the chaumen of committees occupying said
rooms—the various ollieea undei duection of their respect-
ive heads—and the mumming offices arid rooms after con-
sultation with the Speaker of the Hou<e of Representatives.
In the selection of the furniture, great care has been taken
m leaard to durability and cheapness, with the view of pro-
tecting the Government fiom excessive chaiges by the em-
ployment of several intermediate agents. I visited nearly-
all tne heavy manufactories and warehouses m New York
and Philadelphia, and directed the purchases myself. The
Committee of Account* delegated two of their number to
examine the articles purchased, with the bills lor the same.
Both gentlemen have expiesscd themselves as being entire
ly satisfied with the prices, quality, and duiabihty of the
furniture. , ^
In the month of February last, bills were filed in this of-
fice by Mr. Fitsbausli for the sum of neaily nine thousand
doUai's. mainly for carpets and upholstery in the new Hall,
and certified to by JVIr. Cullom. the late dens. Thus far,
these ase the onlv bills left unpaid by my predecessor, for
furmtuie and repairs. They art; not included tn the esti-
mate of $10,000,111 conscquence of their su-prmsion by the
Committee of Accounts m consequence of alleged excess-
Second "you a^k,What amount has been heretofore
appropriated by Consress or estimated for by the late Cieik
ot the House 01 Rcpie«cntativos, 01 by youiM'lf, for any or
all of the items contained in the aforesaid estimate .,5
The cn«.tornary appiopnations by the past and several
piecodms: Oon<uosos for tumitureand repairs, mcluuing
bo\es foi jnembiu-. 8cc., ha* been Aom ten to twelve thou-
sand dolhn-s Th<  Lite Chn-k'- estimate for the en«ut «rfis-
cal vear is placed at .$10,000. the u-ual amount. _ The sum
now estimated by me (<40,0j0) will b« icquired in addition
to that amount, tor the puip'isesalready designated.
Very le^peetfnlly, J.C.AKl. ',i\.
Clerk Uoiife of Representatives, bnile" States.
Hon. J. Glancy Jones,
Chairman Committee JVoys &nd Mean*.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I merely wish the
committee to understand that this is a debt in-
curred by the Government for furnishing the
rooms attached to this Hall—for gas fixtures,
pipes, furniture, &c. The debt has been already
incurred, and this is an appropriation to pay it.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania a question. Will he ex-
plain to me how this can be a proper appropria-
tion for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1859, and
why it was not put into the deficiency bill for the
current year?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. This was not a
matter to which I attached much importance. The
estimate was sent in by the Clerk of the House,
as such estimates usually are. The goods have
been already furnished; but, from my understand-
ing of the case, they will not be paid for before
the 1st of next July. The estimate was not sent
in in time for the deficiency bill. Perhaps the
gentleman is right technically. If it be the pleas-
ure of the House not to pay for the furniture,
why it may vote down the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose if it is
a debt of the Government, it must be paid; and
if the Government has not got the money, I sup-
pose it must borrow it. 1 listened to the reading
of these letters from the Clerk. There was a good
deal said in them about desks and seats for mem-
bers, and all that; but not one word about the
$30,000 appropriated in the deficiency bill for the
same object. There was $30,000 appropriated in
the deficiency bill which was signed here thisweek
by the Speaker, and approved by the President;
and now here is an appropriation of $40,000 in
this bill for furniture for committee rooms, and
retiring rooms, &c. I should prefer to have seen
all the items together.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend by striking
out $40,000 and inserting §10,000. I take it for
granted, Mr. Chairman, that this matter has got
to be paid. It is said that the debt has been con-
tracted; but if there is any sense, or propriety, or
necessity forkeepingthe expensesof ditferentfis-
cal years in separate accounts, and throwing on
each year the responsibility of its proper expend-
iture, then it is perfectly clear that this item has
no place in this bill. Here is a bill for the ex-
penses of the Government from the first of July,
1858, to the first of July, 1859. In that bill the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
proposes to interpolate an item for expenditures
which have been already incurred, and which be-
long to the fiscal yearendmg30th June, 1858;and
which it was the business of the committee to in-
corporate in the deficiency bill. If a second de-
ficiency bill was necessary, it might have been
introduced; but I do hold that it is a matter of im-
pel tance that each Administration, and each fiscal
year should be charged with the legitimate and
proper amount of expenditures made during that
year. Congress is responsible, the Administra-
tion is responsible, and there ought to be a proper
responsibility for each year.
Therefore"I am opposed to it entirely; and I
insist that the Committee of Ways and Means
shall report proper bills making these appropria-
tions for deficiencies in the expenses of the current
year. The idea that they may contract a debt,
incur a liability, and make an expenditure, be-
cause they do so on credit, and let it go over to
the ensuing fiscal year as belonging to the ex-
penses of that fiscal year, is altogether absurd,
and is a practice which the House ought not to
tolerate for a single moment.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire simply to say this:
The item in the deficiency bill was for articles
furnished for the committee 100ms and for this
Hall, by the preceding Clerk of the House of
Representatives, General Cullom. They were
purchases made by him to be paid for out of the
year between the 1st of July, 1857, and the 30th
of June, 1858. Hence it was that they were em-
braced in a deficiency bill.
After we came here, the present Clerk was di-
rected to go on and furnish the committee rooms
of the House, and to procure articles for other
portions of this building. In the discharge of that
duty, he has been receiving furniture foi some
time past, is receiving some now, and will receive
some for da}'s to come; and having nomoney on
hand, he had, as a matter of course, in the ex-
ecution of ail order of the House, to make his pur-
chases with reference to the appropriation in the
