3008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12.
J
try as much at heart as we have. I do not impute
any such motives to the House of Representatives.
They may have good reasons for saying that they
will not agree to abolish the franking privilege. I
voted for thatabolition myself, and I must confess
that I did it upon a somewhat selfish ground, and
that was, to get rid of the immense labor which
it entails. It would be a great relief, so far as I
am concerned, to get rid of it; but I doubt very
much (and if that doubt had been certainty, I
should not have given the vote I did) whether it
is doing the people so much good to abolish the
franking privilege, as has been supposed. It has,
however, been called for in some of the public
prints—prints of importance, representing the
people: it is said to be public opinion; and if the
people think it is a privilege which ought to be
abolished, I am willing to try it, for God knows
I shall be happy to be rid of the labor which it
entails upon me. The other House may judge
differently. They are a much larger body than
we are. It is to be presumed that, in so much
larger a body, there is a greater amount of collec-
tive wisdom. We need not arrogate it all to our-
selves. The Senator from Georgia will permit me
to say that he has too often denounced the Sen-
ate, perhaps not exactly as corrupt, but as derelict
to all its duties under the Constitution, to assume
to stand forward as the organ of this body claim-
ing any very great nicety of honor for it on this
occasion, or any other, because we happen to
differ from the House of Representatives.
I say as I said before, that I see no ground for
making these charges against the House of Rep-
resentatives. They are to be presumed to act,
and I believe have acted, from as good motives as
we have, and it does not become us as a Senate,
because we happen to differ from them, to de-
nounce them, and say we will take no course to
make an agreement with them for the reason that
they have happened to do a thing which we think
is unparliamentary. We do unparliamentary
things ourselves; but it is not to be presumed that
we do them from bad motives or with bad intent.
1 wish to settle this difficulty. I wish the Senate
to act likea dignified body, and instead of flying
into a passiop and denouncing the House of Rep-
resentatives, to send a message to them in good
temper, requesting a further conference. That is
the course becoming to us, and 1 hope we shall
adopt it.
LOAN BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House concurred in the Spnate
amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 582) to author-
ize a loan not exceeding the sum of $15,000,000,
with amendments.
Mr. PUGH and Mr. HUNTER rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia.
Mr. PUGH. I yielded the floor to the Senator
from Maine. I did not know that I lost it.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to ask for a pause in
this business, that we may take up the loan bill.
1 want to get it through to send it to the President,
and then we can resume this discussion, if there
be no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
It may be done by common consent. No ob-
jection !n] The Chair hears no objection.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 582) to authorize a
loan not exceeding the sum of $15,000,000. The
House concur in the amendments of the Senate
with two amendments; first, in line four, strike
out the word " fifteen," and insert u twenty," so
that the amendment will read, "asum not exceed-
ing 120,000,000;" and next, in line sixteen, to
strike out "five," and insert "six," so that it
will read, u bearing a rate of interest not exceed-
ing six per centum," instead of five per centum.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say, in regard to the
proposed increase of the sum, that the Secretary
of the Treasury is of opinion, from examining
the appropriation bills, so far as they have passed, 1
that it would not be safe to adjourn until we have
provided him with the right to borrow $20,000,000.
I will add that it was my original opinion, before
the loan bill was introduced for $15,000,000, that
the sum should have; been $20,000,000 instead of
$15,000,000. I hope the Senate will concur in the
amendment of the House.
Mr. PUGH. I think this increase of $5,000,000
is a singular thing at this time of the session, and
I am constrained to ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to ask how
long this loan is for?
Mr. HUNTER. The same length of time
named in the original bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. Twenty million dollars, at
six per cent., for fifteen years?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes. I ask that the question
be taken separately on the different amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment first read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Virginia whether he proposes to move
a concurrence in the other amendment of the
House ?
Mr. HUNTER. I*am willing to concur in it.
I always thought it was a matter of indifference.
I think it unimportant. Let that be settled just
as the Senate choose. I would advise them to
concur in it by way of closing the bill. I have
no doubt it will be a five per cent, loan if we fix
the maximum at six per cent.; but if they prefer
to adhere to five per cent, as a maximum, I am
very willing. I make no point on that.
Mr. SIMMONS. I suppose the Secretary of
the Treasury will get about two millions premium
on a six per cent, loan for $20,000,000. That
will make it $22,000,000 instead of the $15,000,000
originally asked for.
Mr. TOOMBS. As I have iiot concurred in
the expenditures which have swollen this neces-
sity, I simply wish to announce the reason why
I shall not vote for this loan. 1 think the Gov-
ernment is right in demanding it, and I think
Congress is bound to grant it; because it is ut-
terly impossible for the Government to carry on
the administration of the country without paying
what is voted here; but as I am not responsible
for the appropriations which I do not approve, I
shall not borrow one dollar of the money, but let
those who have voted the money raise it.
Mr. SIMMONS. What is the proposed amend-
ment now ?
Mr. HUNTER. Merely to add $5,000,000 to
the loan.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no disposition to de-
tain the Senate on this subject; but since the
$15,000,000 was asked for we were, by a special
message in regard to the Utah war, yesterday told
that the Treasury was relieved from an appropri-
ation of about four and a half million dollars that
was estimated for when this bill was first intro-
duced. I am utterly surprised at the course of
things here. This is the fourth proposition for a
loan m the last five months, and I do not know
how people make estimates. Here is $4,500,000
diminution of the expenses by the abandonment
of the three regiments, which are now said not to
be desired. If I understood the message of the
Presidentyesterday, he said there would certainly
be no occasion for calling out two of the regi-
ments, and he did not desire the one for Texas:
that is, $4,500,000 of the money that was estimated
for by the Treasury Department when this loan
was asked, will not be spent. That so-called Utah
war was assigned as a reason for most of the items
in the deficiency bill, which was nearly ten mil-
lion dollars. I was at a loss then to understand
why that was not apprehended when the former
loan bill was asked for.
On the 8th day of December, when the Secre-
tary made his annual report to Congress, he re-
ported that he would have enough to go through
the year, and have over four hundred thousand
dollars left at the end of this fiscal year. Within
a fortnight of the meeting of Congress he asked
for a $20,000,000 loan, which you granted; and
subsequently, by some sort of estimates that I
could not comprehend, he asked for $15,000,000
more. Since that time we have lessened the ap-
propriations to the amount of at least $4,500,000,
and he asks a loan of $5,000,000 in addition to the
$15,000,000. I do not know but that is all right.
I certainly would not withhold it if I thought it
would be needed; but I am utterly surprised at
that system of financiering for a country.
Mr. HUNTER. All I have to say in regard
to the appropriations is, it is true we do not pro-
pose to ask for the bill for volunteers. I think
they will not be needed. But we have added to
appropriation bills in other respects beyond the
amounts estimated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe the understanding
is that only two of the'regiments are to be dis-
pensed with. I am authorized by the Secretary
of War to say that it is desirable to have the re-
giments of rangers for Texas.
Mr. HUNTER. If that was so, it would only
increase the appropriations.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope that regiment will
not be dispensed with.
Mr. HUNTER. I will only add that the ex-
penditures are to be measured by the appropria-
tions, not by the loans. The Secretary is of the
opinion—and I am inclined to think he is right—
that there will *be great danger of an extra session
having to be called unless we enlarge the loan to
this amount. But it will be for the Senate to de-
termine. It is a late hour of the night,''and I hope
we shall determine it one way or the other.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Virginia, as he seems to understand
this matter, whether the five millions we appro-
priated in what was called the deficiency bill, in
consequence of the anticipated troubles in Utah,
for the next fiscal year, will not now, a great deal
of it, remain in the Treasury for other uses, in-
asmuch as the war is likely to cease'?
Mr. HUNTER. On that subject I am not au-
thorized to speak; but I should think the state of
affairs in Utah justify us in hoping that the ex-
penditures will be diminished.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no doubt, myself,
from the estimates made when this loan was
called for, that, including the three regiments and.
the $5,000,000 appropriated for Army transpor-
tation, at least $9,000,000 will be remitted to the
Treasury for other uses. I cannot conceive how
it is possible that, within a fortnight, we are
called upon to add $5,000,000 to the loan, though
we have cut off $9,000,000 from the appropria-
tions. I cannot conceive how people can expect
the Government to go on with such calculations.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I simply want to in-
quire of the honorable Senator from Virginia what
was the amount estimated by the Government
itself for its expenses during the coming year? I
think it was about seventy-four or seventy-five
million dollars. Am I right?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir. That was exclu-
sive of the three regiments.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand it was
exclusive of that. It has been intimated that we
have carried up the expenditures of the Govern-
ment far beyond the means of the Government.
Now, I do not know in what particular we have
done this. The Government originally estimated
for $75,000,000, or more, exclusive of the regu-
lar regiments which they proposed should be per-
manently added to the Army, at an expense of
four or five million dollarsa year; and the Senate,
for the sake of economy, provided volunteers.
We should be credited for that much economy,
at any rate. Now, we are told upon the part of
the Government that we have swelled up the ap-
propriations to a sum unexpected by them m the
first instance. My friend from Georgia seems to
think that we are bound to make this appropria-
tion, because, he says, we have made the expendi-
ture. I do not know in what way we have done
it. We have not, in any case, gone beyond the
ordinary appropriations made by Congress. Did
not the Government anticipate and know that
there were private claims against the Government,
and that, to some extent, in justice, we were
bound to allow them ? Certainly. In what other
particular have we surpassed the usual course of
the precedents in Congress? We have prevented
the Government from expending $4,000,000 at
least more than they desired to do with respect
to the Army. I do not see that we are entitled to
such a charge at all.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky does not understand me as making any
such charge against Congress.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir; I do not.
Mr. WILSON. We received, this morning, a
message from the President of the United States,
which, it seems to me, was sent in here for the
purpose of giving the country to understand that
the Congress of the United States had gone much
beyond the requirements of the Government in
appropriation. Now, sir, I have paid some little
attention to the subject of appropriations and the
