3010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
arid joint resolution; which thereupon received
the signature of the Vice President:
An act making appropriations for the trans-
portation of the United States mail by ocean
steamers and otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1859;
An act to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30,1858; and
A resolution in regard to the carrying of the
United States mail from St. Joseph, in Missouri,
to Placerville, in California.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope the Senate will
now consent to take up the bill for the relief of
Jane Turnbull. I ask that it be taken up.
Mr. CLAY. I have been trying to make are-
port from a committee.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. And I have been try-
ing to get up this bill for a long time.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. It
is this: that at the time the Senate agreed by com-
mon consent to take up the loan bill there was a
question pending which was only suspended for
that purpose, and is now the only thing in order.
Mr. STUART. It was on my motion to re-
commit the Post Office appropriation bill to the
committee of conference. That was the pending
question, when, by unanimous consent, the loan
bill was taken up.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The opinion
of the Chair is, that having been passed by, it
gave precedence to the subject which has just been
disposed of.
Mr. STUART. Oh, no, sir; the Post Office bill
was simply passed over by unanimous consent,
in order to consider the amendments to the loan
bill, without displacing it at all.
Mr. BIGLER. I should like to ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a reso-
lution.
Mr. BROWN. I object.
Mr. STUART. I think the Post Office bill is
in the condition 1 have stated, that is on my mo-
tion to recommit the report to the committee of
conference. I think it very important that the
question should be disposed of. I hope the vote
will be taken now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupant of the Chair was not m at the time, but
he now recollects that the subject before the Sen-
ate passed over by unanimous consent was the
Post Office bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It was interrupted by
other business. I amsure my friend from Mich-
igan would not wish us to vote on that question
without having the necessary information in re-
lation to it. I think the subject would suffer
nothing by being allowed to remain in the House
of Representatives, and leaving it unacted upon.
If it be in order, I move to postpone the Post Of-
fice approptiation bill,.in order to take up the bill
1 have mentioned.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. When there
is so much important business before the Senate,
and so many things that must be attended to, it
seems to me to be pressing very hard that every-
thing should be laid aside for these pensions to
widows. I am perfectly willing that they should
take their course; but really these appropriation
bills must be disposed of before we adjourn; and
T do not think pension bills of sufficient import-
ance to the country at large to displace all other
business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that it has been the usage of the Senate to
lay aside any pending matter for the dispatch'of
public business, to take up something considered
more pressing. The Chair understands that to be
the condition of the bill making appropriations
for the Post Office, and that is now the subject
before the Senate. The Senator from Kentucky
moves to postpone it with a view to take up the
biii he indicates.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir; I do.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes twelve, noes not counted.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ali.ev, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bill;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President:
An act making appropriations for the expenses
of collecting the revenue from customs.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
report of the second committee of conference on
the bill (H. R. No. 556) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1859.
Mr. STUART. I hope the question will now
be taken on the motion to recommit the report to
the committee of conference.
Mr. PUGH. There was no such motion. The
Senator got the floor, but there was a motion
pending at the time. Then I made the point of
order that the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan was not in order 
Mr. STUART. I dislike, exceedingly, to be
engaged in disputation, but I certainly think 
Mr. PUGH. I gave way to the Senator from
Maine a moment ago to make an explanation, and
i lost the floor. If the Senator is going to make
a speech, I do not give way.
Mr. STUART. I will not say anything until
the Senator gets through, and then I shall ask
the same privilege to be accorded to me, that he
shall not say anything until I get through.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Georgia made
his report from the committee of conference, and
moved that the Senate adhere; and I do not un-
derstand how it is that the Senator from Michi-
gan has got his motion ahead of anything else.
It is not an amendment. I know he made the
suggestion in his argument. I think the sug-
gestion was completely dispelled by the Senator
from Maine, and several other Senators, who re-
sponded to him. You cannot recommit to a com-
mittee that has not any existence. The com-
mittee of the House is gone; it is discharged by
making its report; but that is not the question
before the Senate. The Senator from Georgia
moved that we adhere to our amendments to this
bill; and I asked the then occupant of the chair,
(the Vice President, I believe,) whetherit was m
order for the Senate to adhere to its amendments
to a bill not in their possession ? At that stage,
I believe, the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,]
and several others, agreed that the better course
would be simply to ask a conference. But if the
motion of the Senator from Michigan is in order,
that is, if he has the floor to make it, I make the
question of order that we cannot recommit to a
committee not in existence; but I submit that he
cannot make his motion until the Senator from
Georgia withdraws his.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
The Chair would state to the Senator from Ohio,
that, as the Chair understands, the pending mo-
tion is to recommit the bill to the committee of
conference.
Mr. PUGH. We have no bill.
Mr. STUART. Now, i beg the Senator to be
as respectful to me as I was to him, and let me
state what I would have stated to the Senator
with great pleasure, if he had been at all willing
to listen. When I suggested that the proper course
was to move to recommit this question, the Sen-
ator from Georgia withdrew his motion to adhere,
distinctly and readily; and the Chair—the Vice
President being the occupant—stated itto the Sen-
ate, and stated the question to be on my motion
to recommit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that that is the question.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Let us have a vote on
that motion.
Mr. PUGH. I move to amend the motion, by
striking out all after the word " ordered" and in-
serting:
That a conference be requested of the House of Repre- ,,
sentative^ touching the disagreement of the two Houses on •;
the amendments ot the Senate to the bill of the House (No. ii
.">o6) making appiopuations for the service uf the Post Office !j
Department duun« the fiscal yoar endma the 30th of June, i!
1659, and on the iailuie of the House of Representatives to ij
until} the Senate ot any action upon the said amendments ;!
since the ia&t conference. ij
Mr. STUART. A motion to recommit is not ij
amendable. Th'e motions are put to the Senate m Ij
the order in which they are made. Now, sir 
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator will allow .
me to introduce a resolution in regard to the ad-
journment.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Mississippi
will object to it.
Mr. IVERSON. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Michigan I desire to give notice that
on to-morrow, or some subsequent day, I shall
introduce a resolution to allow the clerk of the
Committee on Military Affairs the same pay that
is allowed the clerk to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. STUART. I am entirely disinclined to
go into any lengthy discussion on this subject,
and shall not dp so. I was only about to say
that such a motion as that submitted by the Sen-
ator from Ohio cannot be made. No proposition
for a conference can be made except in the House
that has possession of the bill. That rule applies
to all cases. I think the subject has been amply
discussed; and I hope the Senate will take the
question upon my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair does
not consider the motion amendable as proposed
by the Senator from Ohio. He does not consider
such an amendment in order. The 11th rule of
the Senate prescribes the order and precedence of
these motions; and amongst them is the motion
to commit.
Mr. PUGH. Then I ask the Chair whether
he decides the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan to be m order? What are we to commit?
We have no bill to commit, and we have no com-
mittee to which to commit it. I believe that is
the end of the story, and I simply ask the Chair
to decide the question; because if the Chair so
decides I shall certainly take an appeal.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can-
not decide that there is no committee to which the
commitment can be made.
Mf. PUGH. This is a motion to commit to
a committee of conference a bill which is not in
our possession.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair can-
not decide upon the question of order. The Sen-
ate may rule it according to its opinions; but the
Chair cannot decide the question of order.
Mr. PUGH. I only ask the Chair whether the
motion as made by the Senator is or is not ia
order? I have a right to a decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair en-
tertained it as in order.
Mr. PUGH. Then I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. IVERSON, 1 desire to ask the Chair
whether it would be in order now to move that
the Senate recede from the amendments to which
the House disagree ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
considers the pending question to be on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Michigan to commit the
bill.
Mr. IVERSON. This question has been ar-
gued all on one side, and 1 propose to submit a
tew remarks on the other. My opinion is, that,
the best, quickest, and easiest way to get out of
this difficulty, in which we now seem to be in-
volved, is by yielding to the House, and giving
up the question. That is the easiest mode of get-
ting rid of it. If the proposition of the Senator
from Michigan prevails, what will it avail r He
recommits the subject to the committee of con-
ference. Well, that may be very proper so far
as our committee is concerned; but how will it
reach a committee of conference in the House of
Representatives? That committee have already
made their report to the House, it is understood.
The bill has been sent back, or carried back, by
that committee to the House of Representatives,
and there laid upon the table. Nov/, sir, can that
committee come together agam without a rein-
vestment of power from the House of Represent-
atives'- Thai committee has expended us func-
tions. It can no more have possession of that
bill, and come back and meet the committee upon
the part of the Senate, than it can go to the moon
to-night. It has no such parliamentary power.
The committee is func/ut officio, as the Senator
from Ohio very pioperly observed. The commit-
tee ot the House cannot meet the committee of
the Senate again on the action of tin' House of
Representatives, unless the House of Represent-
atives shall give them additional power, anu either
create a new committee, or give the old commit-
tee additional power to meet and act m confer-
ence. It will, therefore, result in nothing.
