900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcfc 1,
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented three petitions of cit-
izens of New York, praying that pensions may-
be granted to the soldiers of the war of 1812, and j
the widows of those who have died; which were i
referred to'the Committee on Pensions. I
Mr. PUGH presented two petitions of citizens 1
of Sandusky county, Ohio, praying that a pension i
may be granted to each of the surviving officers :
and soldiers who have been in the regular or vol- ;
unteer service of the United States prior to Jan-
uary, 1848; which were referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of West
Elkton, Ohio, praying that the land system may
be so changed as to secure the public domain to
actual settlers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. BIGLER presented the memorial of the
board of marine underwriters of the city of Phil-
adelphia, praying that the act of August 31,3852,
under which the light-house board was estab-
lished, may not be altered; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STUART presented the memorial of the
Michigan Siate Agricultural Society, praying that
a grant of land may be made foi the endowment
of the agricultural college of that State, and sim-
ilar institutions in each State in the Union; which
was referred to the Committce^on Public Lands.
Mr. POLK presented the petition of Radford,
Cabot & Co., praying indemnity for losses sus-
tained in consequence of orders of the commander
of the United States troops in Utah; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BRODERICK presented a resolution of
the Legislature of California in favor of the estab-
lishment of a territorial government in Carson
Valley; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of California in favor of the enactment of a
law granting land to actual settlers in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin in favor of the erection
of a light-house at the mouth of Kewannee river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Wis-
consin, praying for the erection of alight-house
at Kewannee, in that State; which was refeirod
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial and remon-
strance of the marine insurance companies of
the cay of New York against the repeal of the
act of Congress of August 31, 1852, establishing
the light-house board; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented the
petition of citizens of West Manchester, Penn-
sylvania, praying that the public lands may no
longer be held for purposes of public revenue, and
that hereafter they may be reserved for actual set-
tlers only; which was ordered to he on the table.
He also presented four petitions from citizens
of Wisconsin, praying that the public lands may
no longer be held for purposes of public revenue,
and that hereafter they may be reserved for act-
ual settlers only; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Tennessee, in favor of such an amend-
ment of the postage laws as will allow persons
sending public documents or newspapeis to in-
dorse upon them their names; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads,
Mr. HARLAN presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of the election of a
postoffice, United States court-house and custom-
house at Burlington, in that State; winch was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
lie also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, m favor of a giant of lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad from the northern
boundary of Iowa, at or near its intersection by
the St. Paul and Minneapolis railroad, to Sioux
City, on the Missouri river; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
tp be printed.
STEAMERS TO BKAZIL.
Mr. BIGLER. I present a memorial of the
Board of Trade of the city of Philadelphia, set-
ting forth at considerable length what I think is a
verv powerful argument as to the importance of
establishing mail facilities between the United
States and the Empire of Brazil and the South
American Republics. They regard such facilities
as an important agency in advancing our com-
merce and improving our political and other rela-
tions with those people. They refer to an appli-
cation which has been made to the Government
by Dr. Thomas Rainey,for an allowance from
the Treasury for the transportation of the mails
in steamships between the cities of Philadelphia
and Savannah in the United States, and Para in
Brazil, touching at St. Thomas, Barbadoes, and
Demarara*, and they say that the proposed line
of steamers is a recognized necessity, not only to
the city of Philadelphia and the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, but to the nation at large, and
to the industrial interests of the whole American
people; they therefore urgently recommend to
the Postmaster General, and to the two Houses
of Congress, that the application for a contract
and mail pay be granted, and that the line may be
speedily established, according to the terms of the
petition.
They go on to show that the commerce of the
United States with the countries which such a
line of communication would accommodate, now
constitutes one seventh of the whole foreign trade
of the country, reaching the sum of $100,000,000
annually, and that it is not accommodated or aided
by a single line of steamers, or a single mail, except
that to tne city of Havana, Cuba; and that the trade
with those countries would, if fostered, rapidly in-
crease and ultimately become richly remunerative
to American enterprise. Theyargue thatourcoun-
try occupies a geographical position, which, but
for the absence of facilities of correspondence and
communication, wouldenable our merchants, pro-
ducers, and manufacturers, to obtain the control
of the markets of the West Indies, Brazil, La
Plata, the Spanish main, and of northern and
eastern South America; and that, while the trade
of our country is not rapidly increased with
those legions except in our imports, that of Phil-
adelphia, once lars;e and remunerative, has posi-
tively greatly declined;and,as the board believe,
in consequence of the total absence of business
facilities. They regret that letters and passengers
from our cities to Brazil, La Plata, and the Ama-
zon, are compelled to go by way of England,
Polluted, and the coast of Africa, from two to
three times the distance required by the American
line proposed, to reach the countries named, and
by these means European merchants and manu-
facturers have an undue advantage of the enter-
prising classes m this country. The Board feel
deeply impressed with the fact that the great city
of Philadelphia has no line of ocean steamers;
and that, while such lines are evidently essential
to the producing, commercial, and manufacturing
prospects of the whole country, it would be just
to Philadelphia that she should enjoy at least a
portion of the steam facilities essential to com-
mercial cities, such as the one which is now pro-
posed to be established. They believe that the
plan which Dr.Rainey has proposed, to give equal
mail facilities to the Atlantic and Gulf sea-board
cities, making Savannah, in Georgia, an indis-
pensable touching point, well calculated to pro-
mote the prosperity of the whole country; and
they therefore earnestly recommend its adoption.
!j I icgard this subject as one of very great import-
ance, and 1 commend it to the attention of the
\\ Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to
, which I move that it be referred.
!; The motion was agreed to.
j! PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
|j On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
i! Ordered, That the memorial ofCrtinstoun Lamie, on the
file> of tli« S'jndto, he icfcrred to the Committee on the Post
I1 Office and Post Roads.
I CHART OF WAGON ROAD.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
' sent, and agreed to:
\ Reiolccti, That the Secretary of War be, and he hereby
j K requested to commumcatc, for the use of the Senate,
any information within hi* reach concerning the late expe-
' I ditton of Lieutenant E. X. Bwile, to open a wagon road fiom
a point near Fort Defiance, in l}few Mexico, to the western
borders of California; and-that he be requested to furnish a
map or chart of such road.
PAY OF DEPUTY POSTMASTERS.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
inform the Senate the amount which has been allowed and
paid to postmasters of distributing ami f>epai«ttmg offices,
out of the postages collected at such offices, unde  the tvvO
provisions of the act entitled " An act to regulate the pay
of deputy postmasters," approved June 22,1854, authoriz-
ing the Postmaster General, in his discretion, to make extra
allowance* to such officers.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 14) to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
a register or enrollment to the vessel called the
James Mclndoe, now owned by Thomas Coats-
worth, of Buffalo, New York, reported it with-
out amendment, and submitted an adverse-report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of commissioners of
emigration of the State of New York, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on the Judi- <
ciary; which was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Jo-
seph Dowd, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affaiis, to whom was referred the memorial
of Otway H. Berryman, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 171) for the relief
of Otway H. Berryman. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordeied to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of William B. Mosely,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 172) for the relief of William B. Mosely.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
'Mr. 1VERSON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Mary Pe-
tery, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 173) for the relief of Mary Petery. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PEARCE. Some days ago, a number of
reports and bills from the Court of Claims were
submitted to the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims. Among them was a report on
one claim which is strictly a revolutionary claim.
With the consent of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Claims, 1 move that that committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the'case
of Joseph Bigelow, administrator of Francis Ca-
zeau,and that it be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
INCREASE OF THE ARMY.
Mr. BRIGHT. My name, does not appear
among the votes taken on Thursday on the Army
bill. I desire to state the reason. It is due to my-
self that I should do so. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] being indisposed, T agreed to pair
off with him, he being against the bill and I forit.
Mr. HARLAN. In justice to my colleague,
[Mr. Jones,] I desire to state that I had promised
him lastThursday, when the Army bill was pend-
ing, to state, if the vote should be taken, that he
had paired off with the honorable Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] which I at the time
neglected to do.
ROME ARSENAL*.
Mr. KING. The Committee on Military Af-^
fairs and Militia, to whom was referred a me-"
morial from commissioners appointed by the Le-
gislature of the State of New York, in relation to
their arsenals and armories, have instructed me
to report a bill to grant Rome Arsenal to the State
^of New York on certain conditions. 1 should like
to have it put on its passage now.
The bill (S. No. 170) was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. KING. There is a letter from the Secre-
tary of War recommending it.
Mr. BIGGS. I should like to hear the bill read
in full, for information.
