1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
m§
The bill was read a second time, and consid- !
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It grants j
Rome arsenal and the grounds adjoining it, at !
Rome, in Oneida county, New York, to the State j
of New York, to be used as an arsenal, with the j
condition that they shall revert to the United !
States whenever they shall cease to be so used by
that State.
Mr. KING. There is a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, making a recommendation that this
grant be made, which I will ask to have read. It
is a very brief letter.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
War Department,
Washington, February 17, 1858.
Sir : Tn reply to your note of the 28th ultimo, relative to
the propriety of turning over the Rome arsenal to the au- j
thoriticsof the State of New York, I have the honor to sub- ,
init the following views:
The Rome arsenal is no longer needed by the United
States for military purposes, dud has been, theiefore, aban-
doned ; but it isweif situated for an arsenal for the State of
New Vork, and for which use she now desires it. I think
the general interests ofthc country would be subserved by
turning all the propeity over to the State authorities, to be
held as an arsenal, but to reveit to the United States when
no longer used by them for that purpose.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN B. FLOYD.
Secretary of War.
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Chairman of the Committee on
Military Jijjairs and Militia, Senate.
. Mr. KING. The bill, it will be perceived, is
in entire accordance with the recommendation of
the Secretary of War.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ABSENCE OF KANSAS OFFICIALS.
Mr. WILSON. I submitted, some days ago, a
resolution of inquiry concerning the absence of
Government officials from the Territory of Kan-
sas. The Senate ordered the inouiry, but a mo-
tion was subsequently made for reconsideration.
I should like to have that resolution taken up and
disposed of at this time, in one way or the other.
I move to take up that question.
The motion was agreed to; and the question
was stated to be on reconsidering the vote' agree-
ing to the resolution.
Mr. BIGGS. I cannot exactly see. the object
to be attained, or any practical benefit that is to
result to the country, by calling on the President
for this information. It occurs to mc, with due
deference to the Senator from Massachusetts, that
we are instituting an inquiry of the Executive
about which there is some doubt of our constitu-
tional power. This resolution calls on the Ex-
ecutive to ascertain what civil officers are absent
from their posts m Kansas, and the reasons for
their absence. Now, what practical good is to
result from an inquiry of this kind? I inquire
whether, in the present state of the question, a
motion to lay on the table will be in order ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it will.
Mr BIGGS. I move to lay the subject 011 the
itable.
Mr. MASON. Will the Chair direct the reso-
lution to be read;
The. Secretary read it, as follows:
ReiohieA, That the President of the United States be
requested to inform the Senate whether any officers m the
civil seivree of the United States m the Terntoiy of Kan-
sas are arbsent from their posts in said Territory, and if so,
the reasons therefor.
Mr. WILSON. Do I understand that the Sen-
ator from North Carolina moves to lay the whole
subject on the table ?
Mr. BIGGS. Yes, sir. If the Senator from
Massachusetts desires to be heard, I will with-
draw that motion.
Mr. WILSOiN. I cannot see any reason why
the Senator from North Carolina, or any other
Senator, should object to a call for this informa-
tion. It is rumored that nearly all the Govern-
ment officials in the Territory of Kansas are now
absent, and have been absent for weeksfrom their
posts of duty, to the neglect of the public business
and to the injury of the people of that Territory.
The surveyor general has been absent for weeks,
if not for months. I learn that there are sixteen
persons employed in his office; and, with one sol-
itary exception, they are all absent from their
posts of duty; and I understand that the interests
of the people of that Territory are suffering by
this riegicct. I learn that the ui^trictattorncy, one
I of the judges of the court, the mail agent between
I St. Louis and Leavenworth, the postmaster of
; Leavenworth—in fact, that nearly every officer in
j the Territory of Kansas has been absent for
; weeks, to the neglect of his official duties. I see
no reason for this, and I wish to Jcnow what is
the cause of their absence. I think the Senate
and the country have a right to know this.
Mr. BIGGS. It secmsto me the Senator from
Massachusetts has given no reason why, for any
practical use, this resolution should pass. I can-
not see any benefit to be derived from it, so far as
the public are concerned. It seems to me to be
calculated, if not intended, to bring into the Senate
of the United States the reasons that control cer-
tain officers, or the President, in the execution of
his official duties. I do not propose to argue the
question, but as the Senator from Massachusetts
has now been heard, I renew my motion to lay on
the table.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
I intended to make a point of order when the
motion was made to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider the passage of the Army bill. That
is the first time, within my knowledge, when such
a course has ever been attempted m the Senate,
and I submit that it is entirely out of order. You
cannot lay a motion on the table. It is not a thing
that can be laid on the table, according to parlia-
mentary law. To show the fallacy of it, let me
ask what is its effect ? This is a privileged ques-
tion, and a motion to reconsider may be called up
at any time when a member can get the floor.
Suppose the Senate lay this motion 011 ihe table;
any Senator can rise the next instant and move to
take it from the table. It is a privileged question
and will have precedence over everything else
before the Senate. You may lay a resolution, a
bill, a memorial, or any other such subject, on the
table; but the effect of laying it on the table is
simply to pass it by for the instant. The next
instant,, or at any time when there is nothing
before the Senate, you may move to take it from
the table, and proceed to its discussion. Can you
lay a motion to adjourn on the table ? I take it,
no gentleman will say you can; nor can you lay
011 the table any other motion. If there is a sub-
ject that can be laid on the table, that is another
thing. It is in order to move to lay tins rcsolu-
! tion on the table; and at any ti me when a Senator
i pleases, he can move to take it up 011 the motion
to reconsider, that being a privileged question: but
j to lay the motion itself on the tabic is not within
\ parliamentary law.
I This is a proceeding which has grown up in
! the other House according to a usage and custom
j of their own, by which they defeat a measure,
i If it be moved to lay a subject 011 the table in the
i House of Representatives and tho motion carries, -
| it is fatal to the question. To move to reconsider
a vote and lay that motion on the table is what is
denominated clinching it; it can never afterwards
be moved.
Mr. SEWARD. Why not'
Mr. STUART. Because the rules of the House
of Representatives and the practice of that body
prevent it.
Mr. SEWARD. Is it not because it requires
i two thirds?
I Mr. STUART. No sir; it can never be moved;
it is fatal to the bill. But, sir, in tins body, where
I there is no rule on the subject except that which
; makes a reconsideration a piiviieged question,
I there certainly can be no such proceeding as
i moving to lay it on the table. I make tho sugges-
! tion because the Senate will, I apprehend, find
; themselves involved in a great deal of difficulty if
I such sort of proceeding can gain a piace here,
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
j Michigan raises a question of order, that the mo-
I tion of the Senator from North Carolina is not
in order. This resolution was agreed to, and a
motion was made to reconsider the vote by which
it was agreed to. That brings up the resolution;
the two adhere together in such a manner that
they cannot be separated, and are before the Sen-
ate. The Senator from North Carolina moves to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; that is
to say, the Senate may not desire to dispose of
the question to-day, and they have a right to lay
it 011 the table with power to take it up. ri i'c two
| adhere together, and if the motion carries, the
1 subject lies on the table, and is under the control
i oftheSenate. TheChairdoesnotdoubtthatthat
i is the correct practice.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Does the Chair decide it to
be in order to move to take it up again ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The^Chair decides
that it will be in order for any Senator to move
to take up the subject again when there is no other
special business before the Senate, as in any other
case. That is in order, in reference to any busi-
ness, at any time when there is no question before
tho Senate.
The vote, being taken on Mr. Biggs's motion
by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 26, nays 20;
as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigss, Bright,
Brodeiick, Blown, Clay, Evans, Fitch, Green, Hammond,
Jluntei, Iverson, Johnson of Aikansas, Johnson of Ten-
nessee., .Tones, Mallory, Mason, Polk, Pugli, Sebastian,
Slidell, Thonr-un of New Jersey,Toombs, and Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Cameton, Chandler, Clark, Cotlamer,
Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle, Douglas, Durkee, Foot, Fos-
ter, Hamlin, llailan, King, Scwaid, Simmons, Stuart,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—20.
So the motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first business
before the Senate is the motion to refer'so much
of the President's annual message as relates to
tho affairs of the Territory of Kansas to the Com-
mittee 011 Territories.
Mr. GREEN. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and that the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 1G1) for tho ad-
mission of the State of Kansas into the Union.
Mr. GWIN. The special order which has just
been announced by the Chair, I belie ve, has passed
| away long ago. The first special order is the bill
j reported by the select committee on the Pacific
| railroad; and inasmuch as that is the regular order
j of business before the Senate, I shall vote against
j any motion to postpone it.
\ Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to say that I am re-
j joiced to find that tho time has come when I can
act with my friend from California in favor of his
! Pacific railroad bill. Some time ago I endeavored
j to get up the bill for the admission of Minnesota,
! and have that acted upon in advance of the rail-
road bill. I did that for reasons which I stated
to the Senate at the time, and which are well un-
derstood. As between this question now and the
Pacific railioad, I considerthe Pacific railroad far'
the paramountquestion,and I firmly believe,un-
less that bill is first acted upon, it will be swamped
during the whole session, and therefore the friends
of the Pacific railroad bill ought to insist on its
being taken up.
Mr. GREEN. I do not believe that questions
concerning the order of business are debatable;
but I beg leave merely to remark that the great
question m which the whole country is deeply
interested, affecting the peace and harmony of the
entire Union, is the question of I£ansas, and not
one of mere policy with reference to railroads. I
hope, therefore, that, according to the common
understanding when the Kansas bill was made the
special order for to-day, we shall proceed with it,
and by so doing it will prove the means of expe-
diting all other business.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion of the Senator from Missouri.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will merefyreeaii, onthis
subject, to the attention of the Senate the facts
that occurred last Wednesday. I am perfectly
v.'iliinf to take up the Pacific railroad bill when
the time shall come; but we had the Kansas bill
beftre us last Wednesday, and were about to pro-
ceed with it, and the Senator from Missouri was
to take the floor. There was a discussion between
him and the Senator from Vermont as to who
should open, and who should close, the debate;
and finally, by common consent, (I did not hear
a dissentient word in the Senate,) we were to go
on to-day with the Kansas bill, the Senator from
Missouri opening the debate; and I cannot con-
ceive how we can, without violating the tacit
pledge given by the Senate then, now reverse that
order of business.
Mr. STUART. I had some informal partici-
pation in the circumstances referred to by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana. It was in my understand-
ing at that time, that this bill, being made the
