1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8011
If the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
raise a new conference committee should prevail,
what would it result in ? The House of Repre-
sentatives have already indicated their determina-
tion on this question. They have, upon two oc-
casions, determined that they would not agree to
the amendments of the Senate. They have acted
upon the original question of concurring in the
amendments; they voted down the amendments
by a very decided majority; and, upon concur-
ring with the report of the committee of confer-
ence, they stated the same opinion, and gave the
same decision.
Now, sir, is it at all probable, is it possible, if
you "make this issue between the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Senate upon these amend-
ments, that the House of Representatives will
yield ? And which ought to yield, the Senate or
the House, upon a question of this sort? In'my
opinion, the Senate ought to yield, if one or the
other is to yield. Sir, the House of Represent-
atives come directly from the people; they reflect
the voice of the people; they speak the sentimem ts
and wishes of the people; and it is to be supposed
that in this expression of opinion they represent
what the people of the United States want in re-
lation to this question of franking, and this rais-
ing of Post Office revenue. If either House must
yield, I think the House of Representatives has
aright to hold out, and the Senate to yield. What
will come of it if the Senate are obstinate and the
House obstinate ? Why, undoubtedly, the bill
mustfall. This bill, which is absolutely essen-
tial to carry on the business of the Post Office De-
partment, must fall between the two Houses un-
less one or the other does yield. What will be
the result if the bill fails ? Tiie President will issue
a proclamation, and call Congress together again.
If the House of Representatives are fixed uiion
this question, and will not yield to these obnox-
ious amendments, 1 want to knosv whtther the
call of anottur session will be likely to accom-
plish a different result'
Mr. STUART. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. IVERSON.
Mr. STUART,
that is all.
Mr. IVERSOiN'.
Mr. STUART.
For what purpose ?
Simply to make a suggestion;
Make it.
If we had the bill we could
vote to recede; but we cannot vote to recede until
we get possession of the bill.
Mr. IVERSON. I will tell you what we can
do. We can reach the same object in a differ-
ent method, by taking up the bill which the
House of Representatives has sent us, and pass-
ing that.
Mr. STUART. I object to that^ieing done.
Mr. BROWN. We cannot do that.
Mr. IVERSON. My dear sir, we can do it;
and that, in my opinion, is the course for us to
pursue. I understand it is parliamentary. 1 do
not profess to know much about parliamentary
law, but I understand, from moie experienced
Senators than myself, that it has been done fre-
quently. When the House gets possession of the
bill they can dispose of it by laying it on the table,
if they choose to do so, and then reenactmg a bill
of precisely a similar character to the other. That
is what the House of Representatives has done.
The committee of conference carried the bill,
which originated in the House of Representatives,
back to the House; and being ill the possession
of the House, the House laid it on the table.
Laying it on the table is the end of the bnl, and
you cannot reach it; all the parliamentary powers
of earth cannot resurrect that bill, in my opinion.
It is dead and gone; and the only mode by which
this question can be revived is by a new bill, such
as the House of Representatives has sent to us.
Let us take it up and act upon it, and amend it
if we choose.
I wish to say,as mycolleague announces a de-
termination to go to the people against the mem-
bers of the House on this question, that if he
desires it he can do it just as well in the present
position as to force an expression from the House
of Representatives a dozen more times upon this
question. They have already expressed theiropin-
ion upon them. Their votes upon those amend-
ments are upon the record; and if any public
odium attaches to their course they can be reached
before the people just as well as if we force them
to another record. They will certainly bear tnc
I responsibility, as they are entitled to bear it; and
j if any public odium is attached to their conduct I
1 apprehend they are willing to meet it.
j Mr. BIGLER. I now renew my application
j to the Senate to be permitted to introduce a joint
; resolution in relation to the final adjournment.
' The Senator from Mississippi has withdrawn his
objection to it.
! Mr. GREEN. I object.
i Mr. BIGLER. I desire to state that the reso-
' lution proposes to rescind the resolution for an
adjournment on Monday.
; Mr. GREEN and Mr. PUGH. I object to
the resolution.
Mr. BIGLER. Then I will give notice 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I object to the gentle-
man going on. He has no right to the floor.
Mr. BIGLER. I think that after a few mo-
ments' reflection gentlemen will agree to let this
resolution be introduced —
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I call the Senator to
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can only proceed by common consent.
Mr.P1 GH. I object.
Mr. BIGLER. Then I give notice that I shall
ask leave to introduce it on Monday.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr HUNTER. Before the vote is announced,
I wish to ask general consent to submit a motion
that when the Senate adjourn, it be to meet at ten
o'clock on Monday.
Several Senators. Say nine o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well; 1 will say nine
o'clock.
Mr. BROWN. I hone not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection?
Mr. BROWN and Mr. TOOMBS. 1 object.
Mr. I RUMBtJLL Befoie the vote is an-
nounced, 1 desiie to enter a motion to reconsider
the adoption of a motion to print a paper.
Mr. PUGH. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish merely to enter the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. PUGH. I have no objection, if it will not
delay it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Objection being with-
! drawn, I desire to enter a motion to reconsider
the motion to print a paper 
i Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I give notice that I shall
i make the motion whenever 1 get the opportunity.
i The vote on the ad journment was then an -
! nounced—yeas 23, nays 22; as follows!
1 YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Bisler, Blown, Olav,
Cliiiginaii, Ilarlan, Hunter, Iver^on. Jolirwm nf Aikansas,
Johnson of T< nne&see, Kenneth , Kiiei, Mason, Polk. Rice,
Sevvtud, Slidell. Stuarr, Thomson ot New Jersey, Toomhs,
: Wright, and Yulee—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Dayarit, Brodenck, Chandler, Collainer,
| Onltenden, Davis Fessendei), Filch, Foot, Forres, Green,
, Hale, Hamlin, Houston. Jones, Pu^h, Retd, Sebastian,
| Simmons, Tiumbull, Wade, and Wilson— 22.
; So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
j adjourned. 
j HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
]; Saturday, June 12, 1858.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
| The Journal ofyesterday wasread and approved.
! EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
; The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
ii before the House a message from the President
1 of the United States, transmitting a report from
I the Secretary of War, with the accompanying
! papers, m obedience to the resolution of the House
; of Representatives of the 2d of June, 185S, in-
; closing copies of contracts entered into between
the United States and Craig & Righter, for deep-
! enin? the channel of the Southwest Pass and Pass
a 1'Outre of the Mississippi river, and the report
! of the board of engineers thereon, &c.; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair desires to call the
attention of the House to a joint resolution of the
Senate providing for a suspension of the 16th and
17th joint rules of the two Houses for the re-
I mainder of the present session of Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does that resolu-
tion propose to suspend them entirely?
The SPEAKER. For the remainder of the ses-
sion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think we had
better suspend them as each special case shall re-
quire. It is at least not now necessary to suspend
the 17th joint rule, as we may get through to-day,
and there may be no bill to send to the President
on Monday, the last day of the session.
Mr. BARKSDALE. No harm will be done
by suspending the rules.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I prefer that the
suspension shall take place upon each particular
bill.
Mr. CLAY. That will only occasion delay.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
taking up this resolution ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. EDIE. I move a suspension of the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We had better
pass the bills, and suspend the joint rules at the
,' same time.
| Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. That will consume
'j too much time.
j Mr. MASON. I rise to a privileged question.
! Yesterday I obtained the floor, and asked the
: unanimous con^ntof the House to discharge the
I Committee of«the Whole on the state of the Union
from the consideration of the pension bill for the
'j old soldiers of the war of 1812. The request was
I unanimously agreed to. I yielded the floor to a
S report of a committee of conference; and it was
1 agreed by the Speaker and the whole House that
, - I should have the floor again as soon as that busi-
1 ness was disposed of. I now claim the floor under
; that understanding.
1 Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I did not so under-
stand it.
■ Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I heard
unanimous consent given.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand thf facts as the gentleman fiom Kentucky
does. The gentleman from Kentucky was rec-
ognized, and was about to submit his motion that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
' Union be discharged from the further considera-
!: tion of a private bill.
! Mr. MASOV. I named the bill specifically.
| Tin; SPEAKER. Before the Chair propounded
'' the question to the House, the gentleman from
,j Virginia stated he had a privileged report to sub-
mit. The Chair, and members upon the floor,
'! suggested to the gentleman from Kentucky to
1 waive his right to the floor till the report of the
I gentleman could be disposed of.
j Mr. MASON. And that I should have it again
i as soon as that report was disposed of.
I The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
liberality which was extended by the gentleman
from Kentucky, to enable the public business to
go on at that time,gives him a right to be recog-
nized by the Chair at an early period.
Mr. CLEMENS. I was waitmgfor the ques-
tion to be propounded to the House, in order to
make an objection, and therefore I made no ob-
jection at the time the gentleman asked unani-
mous consent. The gentleman from Kentucky
is mistaken in supposing that he had the unani-
mous consent of the House for his motion.
The SPEAKER. Tne question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
suspend the rules, so as to take up the message of
| the Senate in reference to suspending the 16th and
■: 17th joint rules of the two Houses.
| Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded tellers.
Tellers were refused.
j The motion was agreed to—two thirds voting
! in favor thereof—and the resolution was taken up
i; for consideration.
II Mr EDIE demanded the previous question on
|l the adoption of the resolution.
;| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
;I will withdraw his call for the previous question,
1 I will move that the 16th and 17th joint rules be
| expunged altogether.
| The previous question was seconded, 8nd the
;] mam question ordered to be put; and, under the
!| operation thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
!| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
'j consider the vote by which the resolution was
■| agreed to; and also moved to lay tne motion to
j reconsider on the table.
!i The latter motion was agreed to.
