1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1987
it for granted that because Congress appropriated
for a previous year, he may use the unexpended
balance for the succeeding year, for which it was
not appropriated.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman mistakes the
case. The money was appropriated for the sup-
port of the territorial government, and it was for
that object it was expended. The gentleman states
his case too broadly.
Mr. STANTON. Now, the question is, if
Congress refuses to appropriate money for any
particular object of expenditure, shall the Depart-
ment have the power to use money for that ob-
ject, so far as a remaining balance is concerned ?
The Secretary may use money in a fiscal year
when Congress refuses to appropriate a dollar,
unless this amendment be adopted. The question
is, whether Congress shall retain control over the
expenditures for the Territories, or of any other
expenditures for thecurrentfiscal year, or whether
the Secretary shall have control of them.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a law of Congress
which directs the Departments as to how long
they may use an appropriation; and they have
the right to use it for the purpose for which it
was appropriated for thespace of two years. If
it is not used within that time, it is thrown back
into the Treasury. That is the law in relation
to appropriations; and if the gentleman desires to
alter that, he must repeal and abrogate the law.
The object and effect -of this amendment is to re-
peal the law wshicli allows an appropriation to be
used for two years.
{Here the Hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move an
amendment to tlse amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, as there is an
amendment to an amendment already pending.
Mr. HOUSTON. My amend mentis one which
ought to be adopted; but if gentlemen want to
discuss the matter I will withdraw the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. It can be done by unani-
mous consent.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the words, " be transferred," and from
that on to the eud of the amendment. I want to
.show to the gentleman-exactiy the difficulty which
will arise from the ^option of this amendment.
Take, for example, the pay ®f the mileage and per
diem of members of toe House of Representa-
tives. Under the law fixing the salary at $3,000
it requires $916,000 te meet those items. If the
gentleman will take the trouble to look at the es-
timate sent to us, he will find the estimate to be
$580,250, in addition to tike unexpended balance,
to meet that expense. If this proposition had
been adopted, and fe&d been so understood by
the Department at the time the recommendations
were made, we should have had an estimate for
$916,000—the amount of money required for that
purpose. If the proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio shall be adopted, that unexpended balance
now on hand of $335,750, which can now be ap-
plied with the estimated amount of §580,250, can-
not be so applied, and we shall, at some future
period, probably at this session, have to make an
appropriation amounting to the identical sum of
$916,000.
Let us look at it in another point of view. If
we apply the balance on hand, and thereby make
up the precise amount which the law requires,
what harm is done by it? What bad purpose is
accomplished by it? Not any, it strikes me. As
has been suggested by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, if this arrangement is to be adopted, let it
be prospective, and let the Government be pre-
pared to make their estimates in reference to the
Jaw when it takes effect. But now you must ap-
propriate $916,000, or take that balance and the j
estimated amount to make up the required sum. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Virginia will withdraw his amendment, I
will propose one. -
. Mr. LETCHER. I will.
, Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I more to amend
by adding at the end: ;
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con- i
etrued to apply to the present or next fiscal year. • I
I think the proposition of the gentleman from (
Ohio is very good, if it is to have a prospective j
operation. By reference to the report of the Sec-1
retary of the Treasury you will see by the esti-
mates that it will require §74,064,755 97 for the
expenses of the Government for the next fiscal
year. That sum is made up by a balance of ex-
isting appropriations for the service of the present
fiscal year, which may bp applied to the service
of the year ending June 30,1859, $16,586,538 35;
and of an amount of indefinite and permanent ap-
propriations, $7,165,024 49; and of estimated ap-
propriations proposed to be made for the service
of the fiscal year from July 1, 1858, to June 30,
1859, as detailed in the printed estimates, $50,312,-
943 13. This latter amount is the one now asked
to be appropriated for the next fiscal year, and that
$50,312,943 13 is ascertained by taking from the
estimated items of the civil, the diplomatic, the
legislative, executive, and judicial, the Army and
the Navy expenses, this $i6,586,588 35—the un-
expended balance which will remain of the appro-
priations for the present year. Now, if thisamend-
ment is adopted to go into effect the next fiscal
year, it will require a rearrangement of every one
of the appropriation bills which have been report-
ed by the Committee of Ways and Means at the
present session.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I will say to the
gentleman, that all these difficulties have grown
out of a violation of law. But, as they are exist-
ing, I have modified my amendment so that the
law shall commence on the 1st day of January
next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not the
end of the next fiscal year. If the gentleman will
accept my amendment, it will make it all right.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I have inserted
January next, and that will enable the Depart-
ment to expend all the old appropriations between
the 1st of July and the 1st of January; and then
the new system will commence. I have also
added another clause—which can only be done
by unanimous consent—and that is to repeal the
old law of August, 1842.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think the
modification will obviate the difficulty, because
here are appropriations asked for, based upon
the idea of using this unexpended balance of
$16,000,000; and if the amendment is adopted, it
will, as I said before, make it necessary for the
Committee of Ways and Means of this House,
and the Committee on Finance in the Senate, to
go over the appropriation bills and rearrange
them, and instead ofappropriating $50,312,943 13,
we must appropriate $16,586,588 25 more. Then,,
sir, if you accept the proviso which I propose, it
will carry it into effect after the expiration of the
next fiscal year. I object to the modification of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] be-
cause he proposes to put this provision of his in
force in the middle of a fiscal year. We should
conform our legislation to the fiscal year, as the
law has established it.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Do I understand
that the gentleman from Ohio accepts the modifi-
cation of the gentleman from Tennessee?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I do.
Mr. MILLSON. I object.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I more that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. MILLSON. I have a right to objpet, and
to reply to the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Tennessee.
The CHAIRMAN. That is true; but the gen-
tleman from Virginia will recollect that the gen-
tleman from Ohio accepts the amendment from the
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. MILLSON. The amendment is not now
before the committee. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee, to amend
the amendment, and he cannot withdraw it with-
out unanimous consent.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Tennessee closed his remarks, and no gentleman
claiming the flooir to oppose his anfendment, the
gentleman from Ohioaccepted it.
Mr. MILLSON. I did not claim the floor, be-
cause I did not choose to do so out of order. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. John Cochrane]
moved that the committee rise, and therefore it
was not in order for me to oppose the amendment.
Now, I say that the gentleman from Tennessee
has no right to withdraw his amendment without
unanimous consent, and the gentleman from Ohio
could not accept the amendment. I want to say
a word or two in opposition to the amendment.
* The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suppos^sthat
there will be no objection to the gentleman pro-
ceeding.
Mr. MILLSON. I merely desire to say that
the amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Tennessee 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I make the question of order
that there is no quorum present.
Mr. WASHBURN,ofMaine. Ipresumethere
is no desire to discuss this matter further.
Mr. MILLSON. I am as impatient of the dis-
cussion as any member of the committee; and to
show that I wish to terminate discussion on this
question, I intend to submit a proposition imme-
diately. But first I wish to say that the amend-
ment of the gpntleman from Tennessee seems to
be utterly inconsistent with the object he has in
view, for the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Ohio has reference only to the amounts
appropriated by this bill.
Mr. BISHOP. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Con-
necticut will recollect that the gentleman from
Virginia is proceeding by unanimous consent.
Mr, MILLSON. I did not understand that. 1
supposed that I was opposing the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understood that
the gentleman from Ohio, who offered the original
amendment, modified it by ingrafting upon it
what I proposed.!
The CHAIRMAN. That is so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then, sir, I have
no amendment pending before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. But the gentleman from
Tennessee will recollect that the Chair propound-
ed the question whether there was any objection
to the gentleman from Virginia proceeding out of
'order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am not object-
ing on that ground.
Mr. MILLSON. I distinctly objected the mo-
mentthe gentleman from Ohio announced that he
accepted that amendment; and I objected on the
ground that the amendment to the amendment
was before the committee, and could not be with-
drawn without my consent.
But I wish to say that the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee has no sort of opera-
tion or effect, because the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio has no reference to anything
but the appropriations in this bill, and therefore
it is idle to say that this amendment shall not go
into effect until after one or two years; while the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio is ex-
pressly limited to the appropriations in this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. In accepting the
modification of the gentleman from Tennessee, I
modified that part of my amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. If these gentlemen would only
take the pains to apply to any of the bureau officer^,
they will learn that there are amounts which can-
not possibly be expended during the fiscal year for
which they are appropriated. The reasons are ob-
vious. Contracts have to.be made. Public notices
must be given, to invite proposals, and sometimes
three months are consumed in their publication.
Afterwards months more are consumed in the de-
livery of the articles, and you are really at the close
of the year before you can use any of the articles
for the purchase of which the appropriations are
intended. And I would suggest to the gentleman
that he might just as well provide that beef and
pork should not be consumed, except during the
fiscal year for which they are intended, as to say
that the appropriation should not be used except
during the fiscal year for which they were made.
The law now supplies the limitation by providing
that the amounts shall go to the surplus fund,
after two years. And therefore I make the point
of order on this amendment, for the purpose .of
getting rid of this discussion, that it is out of
order because it proposes to change the existing
law, which declares that these appropriation's
shall not return to the Treasury until after, two
years; whereas the operation and effect of the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio
is to alter the law, and to limit the term to one
year.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Virginia, that he thinks
the point of order comes too late. The amend-
menthas been received by the cuaiMiiUee, and bus
been debated on both sides.
