aoi2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
PENSION TO SOLDIERS OF WAR OF 1312.
Mr. MASON. I now move that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the farther consideration of the bill
granting pensions to the soldiers of the war of
1812.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. MASON. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. CLEMENS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. MASON. If the House will allow me, I
will make a statement in reference to this matter.
1 propose, at the pleasure of the House, either to
put this bill upon its passage, with the amend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Gartrell,] or, if the House prefer, to make
it the special order for some early day next ses-
sion.
Mr. HOUSTON. X object to debate.
Mr. SAVAGE. I ask the indulgence of the
House for a moment. I think this matter can be
satisfactorily disposed of.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. JEWETT demanded the yeas and nays
upon the suspension of the rules; and also called
for tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not oftlered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for teller's on the ques-
tion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The rules were not suspended, (two thirds not
having voted in favor thereof.)
JOHN DONALDSON AND OTHERS.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take from the Speaker's table two
Senate bills of a private character. I make this
request under peculiar circumstances. The State
of Arkansas—as gentlemen are aware—is, at this
time, wholly unrepresented on thisfloor; and these
bills, which will not occupy five minutes, are for
the benefit of citizens of that State. The first bill
is Senate bill (No. 54) for the relief of the repre-
sentativesof John Donaldson, Stephen Hurd,and
others.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I beg to say a word here.
If the House will give as much time to taking up
all the bills on the Speaker's table m order, as will
be consumed in efforts to take them up out of
their order, we can dispose of them all.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky whether these bills appropriate any
money ?
Mr. CLAY. No, sir.
Mr. EDIE. I understand they are in relation
to holding courts.
Mr. CLAY. Under the peculiar circumstances
I hope there will be no objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. CLAY. I move to suspend the rules, so
as to enable me to take up the bills.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. Can I amend
that motion, so as to make it include another bill
which I wish to have taken from the Speaker's
table?
The SPEAKER. Not if there be objection.
Objection was made.
The question was taken; and the rules were not
suspended.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. xlsiiuRY Dickins, its Secretary, informing
the House that (he Senate had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the Senate
amendments to the Aimy appropriation bill.
REVENUE BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. COMICS. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to yield me the floor that I may move to
discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from the furthcrconsideration of
the light-house bill, that it may be put upon its
passage, and that it may be sent to the Senate for
action by that body.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES declined to yield the
floor.
Mr WASI-IRURNE, of Illinois I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will accede to the
request of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES declined.
The question was taken; and the motion was j
agreed to. j
So the rales were suspended; and the House I
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Barksdale in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 466) making appropriations for
expenses of collecting the revenue from customs,
with the amendments of the Senate thereto.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee having risen informally, a mes-
sage was received from the Senate by Mr. As-
bury Dickins, its Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the Indian supplemental
appropriation bill.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. J. B.
Henry, his Private Secretary.
The message was read, as follows:
Td the Senate and House of Representatives:
T fee! it to bo an indispensable duty to call your attention
to the condition of the Treasuiy. On the 19th day of May
last the Secietaryof the Treasury submitted a report to
Congress 11 on the present condition of the finances of the
Government." In this report he states that, after a call upon
the heads of the Departments, he had received official in-
formation that the sum of §97.000,000 would probably be
required during the first two qiiarters of the next fiscal year,
from the 1st ot July until the 1st of January. viThissum,"
the Secretary *ays, " docs not include fetich amounts as
may be appropriated by Oongiess over and above the esti-
mates submitted to them by the Departments, and I have
no data on which to estimate I'orsuch expendituies. Upon
tins point Congress is better able to form a correct opinion
than E am."
The Secretary then estimates that the receipts into the
Treasury from all sources, between the 1st of July and the
1st of January, would amount to $25,000,000, leaving a
deficit of §1 5,000,000 ; inclusive of the sum of about three
million dollars, the least amount required to be in the
Treasury at ail times, to secure its successful operation.
For this amount he recommends a loan. Tins loan, it will
be observed, was required, aftei a close calculation, to meet
the estimates from the different Depaitments, and not such
apptopnations as might be made by Congress over and above
these estimates.
There were embraced in this sum of §15,000,000, estimates
to the amount of about one million seven hundred and fifty
thousand dollais for the thiee volunteer regiments authoi-
17,ed by the act of Oongte-is approved Apnl 7, 1858; foi two
of which, if not for the third, no appropriation will now be
requited To this extent a portion ol the loan of $15,000,000
may be applied to pay the appropnations made by Oongiess
beyond the estimates fiom the different Depaitments, re-
! ferted to in the report of the Secretary of the Treasuiy.
I To what extent a probable deficiency may exist in the
! Treasury between the 1st July and the 1st January next,
| cannot be ascertained until the appropriation bills, as well
I as the private bills containing appropriations, shall have
' finally parsed.
j Adversity teaches useful lessons* fo nations as well as in-
i dividuals. The habit of extravagant expenditures fostered
! i)> a laige surplus m the Treasury must now be corrected,
j or the country will be involved ai serious financial difficul-
i ties.
j Under any form of government, extiavagance in expend*
ituiemust be the natutai consequence, when those who
authoiizethe expenditure feel no responsibility in provid-
ing the means of payment. Such fiad been for a number
ot years our condition, picviously to the late monetary le-
vulfion m the country. Foitunatelv, at least for the cause
of public economy, the case is now leversed; and to the
extent of the appropnations, whatevei these may be, in-
grafted on the different appropi lation bills, as well as those
mad<' by private bills, over arid above the estimates of the
difteient Departments, it will be necessary tor Congress to
provide the means of payment betote their adjournment.
Without thjo, the Tie<tt>uiy will be exhausted bclou; the 1st
of January, and the public credit will be senously unpaired.
This di-grace must not tall upon the country.
It is impofaible for me, however, now to ascertain this
amount, nor docs there at present seem to be the lea&t
probability that this can be done, and the necessary means
provided by Congress, to meet any deficiency which may
| exist in the Treasury, before Monday next at twelve o'clock,
j the hour fixed for adjournment, it being now Satuiday
morning at half past eleven o'clock. To accomplish this
| object, the appiopnation bills, as they shall have finally
j pa-sed Congifcss, must be befoie me, and tim« must be al-
I lowed to ascertain the amount of the moneys appiopnated,
J and to enable Congiess to provide the necessary meana. At
| tins writing it is undcistood that several of the e bills ate
J yet before the committees of conference, and the arnend-
' ments to some of them have not even been printed.
I Foieseeing that such a state of things mu^t exist at the
I close of the session, I stated, m the annual message to Con-
: gioss of December last, that, '-fiom the practice of Con-
gress, such an examination of each bill as the Constitution
requires has been lendcred impossible. The most impoit-
ant business of each session i-* generally ciowded into us
last hours, and the alternative presented to the Pie?,dent is j
either to violate the constitutional durv which he owes to i
the people, and approve bills which, for want of time, it is 1
Impossible he should have examined, or, by his refusal to
do this, subject the country and individuals to gieat loss
and inconvenience." *******
li For my own part, I have deliberately determined that!
shall approve no bills winch I have n'ot examined; and it
will be a case of extreme and most urgent necessity which
shalkever induce me to depart from this rule."
The present condition ot the Treasuiy absolutely requires
that I should adhere to this resolution on the present occa-
sion for the reasons which I have heretofore presented.
In foimer times, it was believed to be the true character
of an appropriation bill simply to carry into effect existing
laws and the established policy of the country. A practice,
has, however, grown up of late years to ingraft on such bills
at the last hours of the session large appropriations for new
and important objects not provided for by preexisting laws,
and when no time is left to the Executive for their exami-
nation and investigation. No alternative is thus left to the
Piesident but either to approve measures without examina-
tion, or, by vetoing an appropriation bill, seriously to embar-
rass the operations of the Government. This practice could
never have prevailed without a surplus in the Treasury suf-
ficiently huge to cover an indefinite amount of appropria-
tions. Necessity now compels us to arrest it, at least so far
pas to atford time to ascertain the amount appropriated, and
to provide the means of its payment.
For all these reasons, J lecommend to Congress to post-
pone the day of adjournment for a brief period. I promise
that not an hour shall be lost m asceitaining the amount of
appropriations made by them for which it will he necessary
to provide. I know it will be inconvenient forlhe members
to attend a called session, and this, above all things, L de-
sire to avoid. JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington City, June 12,1858.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
message of the President be laid on the table and
ordered to be printed. I will remark in connection
with it that the message is based on the supposi-
tion that the House will not finish the appropria-
tion bills till, perhaps, some late hour to-night.
There are yet unfinished the Indian supplemental
bill, the naval bill, (on which the House disagreed
to the report of the committe.e of conference,) the
revenue bill, (which need not occupy twenty-five
minutes,) the post office bill, (which is passed by
the House ana the amendments acted on by the
House,) the mail steamer bill, (which is now
before a committee of conference,) the bill for the
three regiments of volunteers, and the loan bill.
Mr. COMINS. And the light-house bill.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I do not include
that. That belongs to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. The loan bill has been kept back for
one simple purpose. It is the desire of the Ex-
ecutive branch of the Government to ascertain,
outside of the estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasury based on existing laws, what will be
required for the public expenditures. There is a
contingency left open for the legislation of Con-
gress on private bills, and on such public bills as
may appropriate more than the estimates. Now,
I propose, if it be the will of the House, to ad-
journ on Monday at twelve o'clock. [Cries of
" Good !"] I think it can be done. But in order
to do it, this^programme will have to be adhered
to. In the first place, I propose to take up the
loan bill to-day, and pass it at $15,000,000. I pro-
pose to take up not the Senate bill, but the House
bill, and on its being sent back it will be open to
amendment in the Senate and can be kept there
long enough to permit the appropriation bills to
be figured up, so that the Administration may
know the amount of contingencies arising from
increased appropriations. I propose, therefore,
i to take action on the revenue till, and on the loan
bill, and on a bill to amend the sub-Treasury law,
and on the balance of the appropriation bills. My
opinion is, that the House can pass intelligently
on all these bills before four o'clock to-day, and
if that is done, I believe that we can adjourn on
Monday at twelve o'clock. [General shouts of
"Good!"]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask leave to make a
suggestion.
Mr. REAGAN. I desire to say a word to the
House.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know whether there is not an oidcr of
the House to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and whether the commit-
tee did not informally rise for the purpose of re-
ceiving a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. REAGAN. I trust the gentleman will not
interrupt me now. I desire to call the attention
j of the House to that part of the President's mes-
I sage which refers to the organization of a regimen t
of volunteers for Tuxas.
Mr. PHILLIPS. [ object.
Mr. REAGAN. I trust the gentleman will not
take the floor from me by this means.
