1990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
run and established. The United States are to
appoint persons on "their part, and Texas on its
part, Texas paying her own appointees. The last
proviso is to cut off the back business. It pro-
vides that the officers are merely to run the bound-
ary line and put up the monuments, not to make
explorations of soil, and bring back bugs and
plants,and so on. That is all to be cut out. It
is to be simply a naked boundary survey, and
nothing else. I hope the amendment will be
adopted, and that the bill will be passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not had the pleasure
of seeing theamendment before, and I would sug-
gest to the honorable Senator that I am anxious
to look into the subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I will ask that the bill
be laid over for a day, that the Senator from Texas
may consider it. I move that it be postponed
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
SAN FRANCISCO POST OFFICE.
Mr. BRODERICK. I introduced, some two
weeks since, a resolution of inquiry in regard to
the San Francisco post office. I move that it be
now taken up from the table and considered.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
furnish the Senate with a quarterly statement showing the
aggregate amount collected at the post office at San Fran-
cisco over and above the lawful postage, for box rent from
July 1,1854, to December 31,1857; and that he be request-
ed to inform the Senate what law or what regulation of the
Department authorizes the collection of the same, and also
whether the postmaster has any legal authority to discrim-
inate against one class of citizens and in favor of another
class by withholding letters—as letters are withheld at the
San Francisco post office—from those who will not submit
to the exaction for box rent, until at least an hour after let-
ters are delivered to those who do thus submit to the exac-
tion.
Mr. BIGLER. I certainly do not intend to ob-
ject to the passage of a resolution of inquiry; but
I suggest to the Senator from California that this
resolution asserts as a fact what may not exist at
all. We call on the Postmaster General to com-
municate to the Senate the amount of receipts
which have been illegally received at the San Fran-
cisco post office. Now, I suggest that the reso-
lution ought to call for information as to the fact
whether illegal fees have been received for the use
of the boxes; and if so, to what extent. I do not
like to vote for a resolution which asserts as a fact
that which the Senate does not know to be so.
Mr. BRODERICK. I am very well satisfied
that illegal fees have been collected; but I have no
objection to striking out that portion of the reso-
lution, and modifying it so that we can get the in-
formation.
Mr. YULEE. I will make a distinct motion.
It was my intention to do so, as I informed the
Senator from California. The first branch of the
resolution proposes to inquire what amount of
box rents were received at the San Francisco post
office between the 1st of July, 1854, and the 31st
of December, 1857. There can be no objection
to that inquiry, if it is deemed desirable by the
Senator, though the information can be furnished
to him without a call from this body on the De-
partment. The resolution then continues:
"And that he be requested to inform the Senate what law
or what regulation of the Department authorizes the collec-
tion of the same."
We know what law there is, and it is our duty
as legislators to know what the law is on the sub-
ject. I can inform the gentleman 
Mr. BRODERICK. I would rather get the in-
formation from the Department than from the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE. The Department have once or
twice reported on that subject. That will not be
material, if the Senator desires to hear from them,
though the law is before us. All the rest of the
resolution I will move to strike out, and I make
thatdistinctproposition. The words to be stricken
out are:
" And also whether the postmaster has any legal author-
ity to discriminate against one class of citizens, and in favor
of another class, by withholding letters—as letters are-with-
held at the San Francisco po*>t office—from those who will
not submit to the exaction for box rent, until at least an
hour after letters are delivered to those who do thus submit
to the exaction."
Now, 1 take it, it is both becoming and proper
in the intercourse between the different Depart-
ments of the Government, that we should practice
courtesy; and I think that is a very discourteous
inquiry, pregnant with a very unjust imputation,
ana especially as I can assure the Senator that no
such occurrence has taken place in California.' I
think the Senator has received a letter very re-
cently which ought to satisfy him on that point.
However, I think the Senate ought not to stultify
itself by asking such a question as whether a post-
master has legal authority to discriminate between
one class of citizens and another. We know cer-
tainly that he has not; and such an inquiry, it
seems to me,is very unnecessary to be madeof one
of the Executive Departments, and very discour-
teous.
The Senator assumes in the resolution, as has
been said by the Senator from Pennsylvania, as
a fact, what the Senate cannot know to exist as a
fact, and what I am sure does not exist as a fact.
If the dnator desired to make the inquiry as to
any particular case, then it might be proper to
call on the Executive for information. If the Sen-
ator knew of any case in which there has been a
malfeasance by the postmaster at San Francisco,
as is implied here, then it might be proper for him
to introduce a resolution, calling on the Depart-
ment for the facts in reference to that particular
case. If he knows of the existence of such afact,
it is his duty to communicate it to the Department;
and if the Department fail to act on his informa-
tion, then to pursue whatever other course may be
proper' to bring the offending officer to judgment,
either on tne part of the Executive or the Legis-
lature, if. legislative interference should be neces-
sary. But I take it, sir, that the Senator should,
if he believes there has been malfeasance on the
part of the postm^ter at San Francisco, specify
what it is, and call for the specific information on
that particular case; otherwise we require the
Postmaster General, by a sort of drag-net resolu-
tion, to float about in search of some cause of
complaint against the postmaster at San Fran-
cisco, when he is not in possession of any fact of
complaint, or any fact of malfeasance on the part
of the postmaster there. I move, therefore, to
strike out the whole of the latter clause as entirely
unnecessary; and if the Senator chooses to intro-
duce an additional clause here, specifying some
particular case of complaint, and calling upon the
Department for such information as its records
may furnish in regard to that particular cause of
complaint, I should have no objection; but I do
object to the form in which it is put here, as stul-
tifying the Senate and discourteous to a branch
of the Government which we unite in adminis-
tering.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania suggested an amendment.
Mr. BRODERICK. I accept it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
ask the Senator to put it in writing, for he does
not know how to have it recorded.
Mr. BIGLER. The amendment I suggested
was, that instead of asserting a fact, the inquiry
should be into the fact. I will see the resolution
in a moment, and ascertain at what point it should
come in.
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Secretary read
the amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment of
the Senator from Pennsylvania is, after the words
" 1857," in line six, to insert, "and whether any
amount has been collected above the lawful post-
age."
Mr. YULEE. And strike out all the rest of
the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment of
the Senator from Florida being to strike out and
insert, the resolution must first be perfected.
Mr. BRODERICK. I accept the amendment
offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania; but I
am at a loss to know why the Senator from Flor-
ida objects to the call for this information that I
request the Postmaster General to give the Senate.
I am well satisfied that this postmaster has been
guilty of malfeasance in office. I am satisfied of
it, sir, because a gentleman who formerly occu-
pied a position in the post office at San Francisco
made an affidavit, some three months since, spe-
cifying the acts of misconduct. I handed that
affidavit to my colleague, and I believe he put it
on file in the Post Office Department; but instead
of the Postmaster General taking any notice of it,
he inclosed it to the postmaster at San Francisco;
and the first information I had of it, was when I
received my correspondence a day or two since,
and learned that the postmaster at San Francisco
had denied the charges alleged against him. I
have thought that it was the dutg of the Post-
master General, when a serious charge was made _
against one of his officers, not to inform the ofH- #
cer of the~charge before he ascertained whether
there was any truth in it or not. This charge was,
that he had collected money on French letters,
which he was not entitled to collect; and instead
of making any return of it to the Government,
put the money into his pocket. The man who
made the charge is reputed in California to be a
gentleman, andl do not think he would make an
affidavit to a falsehood.
Now, sir, if the Senator from Florida wants the
proof, I think I can give it to him. I have not
got it in my possession to-day, but I will allow <
the resolution to go over until to-morrow, and I
think I shall be able to satisfy the Senator from
Florida, that this postmaster has- been guilty-of
misconduct and malfeasance in office; but the
Postmaster General,and several other gentlemen
about Washington, have been trying, in my opin-
ion, to screen him. If there is any information
in the Post Office Department in regard to his con-
duct in office, I should like the Senate to have it. I
am not in communication with the Post Office De-
partment. I have never entered any door of the
building since I have occupied a seat on this floor,
and I hope I never shall do so, while the present
occupant is in possession of the building.
I will not urge the resolution to-dajr; I want ta
convince the Senator from Florida, as he appears
to be satisfied that there is no charge against this
officer, that there are serious charges on file in the
Post Office Department against him. I have a
copy of them at my room, which I will bring to-
morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move to postpone the subject until to-morrow?
Mr. BRODERICK. I do. .
Mr. YULEE. I will say a word in reply to
the Senator from California before that motion is
put. The Senator from California brings up a
charge against the postmaster at San Francisco,
to which his resolution has no reference whatever,
and concerning which his resolution will call out
no information at all. I cannot, therefore, help
thinking that the Senator has been somewhat care-
less in the preparation jf his resolution, and would
recommend him to revise it.
Mr. BRODERICK. When I introduced it I
had not the last information in my possession.
M^. YULEE. If the Senator will look to his
resolution, he will see that the resolution will call
out no information on the point to which he re-
fers. Now, as he has thought proper to bring up
that charge before the Senate against the post-
master at San Francisco, who is known to us as
a brother of a former associate here, and who is
an officer of standing and deserving to be defended
when he is not known to have been a malfeasor
in his office, it is proper for me to saj^ both in
vindication of the Post Office Department and of
the postmaster at San Francisco, that the charge
referred to by the Senator from California, and
which he says was filed in the form of an affidavit,
was filed with the Postmaster General—anaffidavit
of Mr. Folger, 1 believe; and the Postmaster Gen-
eral did, as he does in every other case of charge
against an officer, and as it is his imperative duty
to do'before he can proceed further to punish the
officer, or to institute proceedings against liiin,
forward a copy of the charge made against the
officer in California, and call upon htm for an
explanation and answer. That call wasL made
immediately upon the receipt of the charge. The
answer was made by return of mail, by the first
vessel which returned after the charge had been
received in San Francisco, and the copy of his
explanation was communicated to the Senator
from California. Now, if he proposes any fur-
ther action, this is not the tribunal. In a very
short time, when he is called to act upon the nom-
ination of the postmaster of San Francisco, there
will be an opportunity for him to bring forward
his charges, and take action upon them in the
Senate, so far as the Senate is concerned. Be-
yond that, I do not-see how the Senate can in-
terfere. But, sir, the amendment which the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania has proposed to this
resolution will not remove the objection 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will talc#
