904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
sition of affairs in Kansas ? The Senator from
Illinois, even on a motion affecting the priority of
business, has to travel so far out of his way.as to
speak of Kansas, and to speak of our action as an
attempt to force a constitution on her people
against their will. It may be his opinion. When
he undertakes to make a speech in opposition to
it, or write a report m opposition to it, let him use
s.uch expressions if he chooses; but to travel out
of his way, and voluntarily to thrust before our
attention expressions like that, I take to be un-
pardonable. This is a Senate of equals, I trust;
equal States represented, and equal men to main-
tain the rights of their respective States; and I do
not like to be characterized with a side blow as
attemptingto exercise tyrannical power in forcing
a, constitution on a people against their will. It
is a misapprehension of the power and duty of
Congress. Congress forces no constitution upon
Minnesota; Congress imposes no constitution
upon Minnesota: Congress forccs no constitution
upon the people of Kansas; Congress imposes
none upon them. Their constitutions are matters
with themselves; and when presented here, we
are not adopting a constitution for either one of
those two States; and nothing but the most egre-
gious error with regard to the political policy and
constitutional rights of the Federal Government
and the States, could lead one.into the use of such
language. Impose a constitution upon them!
Adopt! Accept! These terms, too, have been
falsely used in debate by Senators who know they
are inapplicable to the subject, and inappropriate
to convey the proper idea. Constitutions are pre-
sented; States make application for admission. In
each case the question is, is this a State? Con-
ceding our sovereignty, giving our assent, will it
be a State? If a State, is the constitution repub-
lican ? These questions being answered, we
neither approve nor disapprove the constitution;
we neither condemn, nor accept, nor adopt; we
do not impose a constitution upon that people in
any case whatever.
It is important to keep this distinction before
our minds in the discussion of this subject. If
the constitutions of all the Statps in the Federal
Union should Ije brought before us to undergo our
scrutiny, there would not be one but would have
some provisions in it to condemn. But the con-
stitution of Kansas is republican. That is not
controverted. With regard to the sufficiency of
her population to entitle her to a State organiza-
tion, it is a conceded fact that the Constitution of
the Federal Government stipulates no particular
number. The ordinary practice of the Govern-
ment is, to have a population eqiial to the ratio of
Representatives in the House ot Representatives;
but I believe it will not be controverted that the
population of Kansas is now sufficient to entitle
her to a State organization. There are other rea-
sons, strong and powerful and overwhelming,
enough why, even if the population should not
amount to the number of ninety-three thousand,
we should depart and relax from the ordinary
rule, for the sake of the peace and harmony of
the country.
It is not, as the Senator from Illinois said, all
peace and quiet in Kansas now. There are strifes
and contentions, there are difficulties that are
enough to harrow up the feelings of the human
soul. There are perplexities besetting them on
every h^nd; and without some action which will
give them an organism of their own and prevent
a reliance on external aid, either from Massachu-
setts, Missouri, the Federal Government, or else-
where, these difficulties will be perpetuated. Even
so late as this morning, I received information of
murders and assassinations led on by the party
favoring opposition to the Lecompton convention;
and when the Senator from Massachusetts nude
his inquiry about the absence of officers there, I
could hardly restrain myself from giving him a
little piece of information which I received this
morning. General Whitfield is a Federal officer
there This morning I learned the fact, and I state
it in the Senate, that he received notice from the
anti-Lecompton men to depart the Territory or
they would assassinate him. This might give
some little reason to account for the absence of
some of the Federal officers.
It is useless to cry pcace, when there is no peace;
but there is an easy way to solve this difficulty.
As ,their boundaries are not exceptionable, as the
constitution presented ^ is republican, as the pop-
ulation is sufficient, is it then a legal constitution?
I say, yes. In the first place, it emanated from the
people. The people are the source of power in
all government; but the people, although they are
the source of power, cannot, except through the
forms of law and equality, exercise their power
so as to make a constitution. It does not follow,
because the people are the source of power, that
they can abrogate all the forms of law. They can
only exercise their power in and through the
forms of law; and hence, in the State of Kansas,
the people directed the first vote to be taken. To
place this in contrast with what the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Stuart] has said, will, I think,
turn the scale in favor of Kansas. He made use
of these remarks:
"Tlie people of a Territory which is about to be formed
into a State, have a n«ht,and.so far as my examination has
gone, Congress never violated this right, to say m the first
plaee whether they desne to form a State government now
or not.5'
This has been uniformly decided. Mark, he
says the people have a right to decide it. i make
this broad assertion—for I have, in the course of
my examination on this subject, discovered noth-
ing to the contrary—that in no single instance,
except in Kansas, did the people first decide that
question for themselves in the process of the
change from a territorial to a State organization.
In Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Minnesota, and all
the other States where they had enabling acts,
the enabling act said this preliminary question,
as to whether they would have a State organiza-
tion or not, should be decided by the convention.
The Senator from Michigan assumes that to be of
vital importance. If so, Kansas, in that respect,
has consulted the people more faitly (if it be more
fair to consult them in person than through their
representatives) than any otherTerritory ever did
before. This source of power thus deciding in
favor of a State organization, the form of law had
to be made use of to make it effective, equal, uni-
form, and just. The form of law was therefore
given by the Territorial Legislature, their agents,
and representatives. A convention act was passed
providing for a registry of the voters, fnr a census
of the people, and for the election of delegates to a
convention to form a constitution. The registry
was had. Complaints are now made that the re-
gistry was not fair. 1 have shown that nine thou-
sand two hundred and fifty-one votes were regis-
tered. I have shown that less than three thousand
votes remained unregistered. I have shown that
the oiiiceis were driven out of some of the coun-
ties and prevented fiom executing the law. I have
shown that many of the voters refused to permit
themselves to be registered. I have shown that
the whole wrong in the failure of a complete re-
gistration is with the anti-Lecompton party—the
opposition to the admission of Kansas under the
constitution adopted by the convention at Le-
compton.
These are facts; but it is said, and said by the
Senator from Illinois, and even by the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] who is usually
so very fair that I seldom have anything to do
with him except to differ in judgment, and not
about facts, that nineteen counties were repre-
sented in the convention, and nineteen unrepre-
sented. I hold it to be the duty of Senators, in
the presentation of any case, not to make an im-
pression to the prejudice of what might be the
true state of facts when they are drawn out.
When the remark is made simply that nineteen
counties were represented, and nineteen unrepre-
sented, what would the public think? That half
were unrepresented; but that is not so. Of all the
votes in the Territory, less than t'ruee thousand
were not registered. The counties not registered,
and the counties not represented, contain kiss than
fifteen hundred votes. I state that in the report of
the majority, and I adhere to it, foV it is true. If
you will take the list of counties in which no
registration was had, and compare it even with
the last vote returned on the 4th of January, you
will find there were only one thousand four hun-
dred and twenty-three in all of them together.
Oil that occasion there was a different elective
franchise for voting—no residence was required;
the requirement was simply that they should be
bona fide inhabitants, including citizens and aliens;
whereas, under the convention law, under which
this registration was made, the persons registered
must be citizens of the United States, and they
must have had their residence in the Territory
from the 15th of March preceding. For the elec-
tion of the 4th of January no qualification was
required, except simply the factof residence; you
required them to be inhabitants; you did not even
require them to be citizens of the United States,
owing allegiance to our Government; you let all
in, and with this increase brought to swell your
numbers, you got but one thousand four hundred
and twenty-three votes in these counties.
Thus I say, first, whatever wrong was done
resulted from the misconduct of the opposition;
second, that wrong is magnified by representing so
many counties. Why, sir, I assert here to-day
that Clay, Dickinson, and Washington counties
have not a single inhabitant up to this hour. You
include them in the nineteen, and they are to
swell this equality in the comparison of registered
and unregistered votes. Not one single inhabit-
ant this day have these counties, nor did they
ever have, according to my information. They
were created at the close of the session of 1857.
That fact will be found in the volume of Kansas
laws before me, if it is desired to look at it. Then
several other counties were attached to other
counties that were represented, and had the priv-
ilege if they chose to make use of it. Weller
county was attached to Shawnee; Anderson and
Franklin counties had their officers driven off by
Abolitionists; and Allen had attached to it Green-
wood, Hunter, Dorn, Wilson, and Godfrey.
(See page 183 of the statutes of 1855.) Breckin-
ridge county had attached to it Wise. (See page
90, session acts of 1857.) So you will discover
that but few districts were unrepresented, that
many counties were attached to those which were
represented, and that, whether t'his was so or not,
only about one thousand four hundred and twenty-
three votes could be mustered up in the counties
which it is said were unrepresented, when under
the loose, broad provision to which I have allu-
ded, double the number voted that possessed the
regular qualification to be registered.
These are facts. I am only stating them to
counteract the false impression this loose state-
ment is calculated to make on the public mind
abroad, that nineteen counties were unrepresented,
being half the Territory. That is not correct; the
number is less than I have stated it. Whether
this, however, were so or not, I say the law pro-
vided the legal means of registration. The law
says the registration shall first be by the sheriffs,
and in case of vacancy in that office, it shall be
by the probate judge; and in case of vacancy of
all these officers of the county, in the first instance,
for the discharge of this duty the Governor has
a right to appoint others. The then Governor
of the Territory was not friendly to the party
calling this convention; and surely if the other
officers had declined to act, he had power to cause
a full registration of his friends by the appoint-
ment of his own partisans to perform the duty
of registration; but wiien the forms of law have
given them the right, and they stand aloof and
refuse to make use of that right, if law is to be
respected, if rule is to be regarded, if system is
to be consulted, we must turn a deaf ear to the
complaints of those, who, from their own wrong,
stood aloof, and afterwards raise the cry of in-
justice.
When this registration was completed the Gov-
ernor of the Territory, who was then Mr. Stan-
ton, made the apportionment.. This apportion-
ment, of course, was fair. He would hardly
stultify himself, and of course his friends here
will hardly take a position that would be dishon-
orable to Mr. Stanton. I take it, therefore, to have
been done honestly and fairly. The whole sixty
members of the convention were parceled out to
the registered counties and those attached to them.
The election was legally conducted; the members
were legally elected; they assembled under legal
authority; they met in convention.
Here, it is said that, from Anderson county,
three members were elected and sent up, and they
were refused admission. I answer, first, that the •
registration was not legal; second, if it had been
legal, Mr. Stanton had omitted that county in par-
celing out the representatives, and the law limit-
ing the number to sixty, beyond that number it
would be impossible to go by the admission of
others; and thirdly and finally, they were not re-
fused admission. The application of these dele-
gates were presented.by Judge Elmore, I believe;
