1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ENROLLED BILLS.
The committee informally rose, and
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as duly enrolled the following
bills; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 243) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th. June, 1859.
An act (H. R. No. 557) making supplemental
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1859.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Senate having
returned the Post Ofiice appropriation bill with
amendments, and asked for a conference, I move
that the House insist on its disagreeing votes
thereto, and agree to a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Bur-
nett, Billinghcrst, and Corning, were ap-
pointed as such committee on the part of the
House.
The committee then resumed its session, and
the consideration of the
REVENUE BILL.
Mr. GROW. I move to reduce the amount ten
dollars, for the purpose of saying a word or two.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
lectures members upon this side of the House
because they have not proposed some reform of
the abuses that have grown up in the collection of
the revenue. The gentleman knows very well
thatit is not in the power of this House to de-
termine what employes are useless, at different
points, in collecting the revenue of the country.
It belongs to the Department; and while the force
has been increased five hundred in five years,
most of the increase has been made under laws
that were permissive, and not obligatory upon the
Secretary. He can reduce the force under the
law. Last year they collected $65,000,000, and
this year they will collect only $40,000,000, and
certainly the same force cannot be necessary.
Letthe Secretary, then, make the reduction where
he thinks it can be done without injury to the
public service. He is the only man who can do
it. This House cannot tell what employes might
be dispensed with, without detriment to the pub-
lic service. I hope the amendment of the Senate
will be concurred in.
[Loud and continued cries of " Question !"
" Question !"}
Air. HOUSTON. I want to say but a word or
~ 1 want to say to the gentleman from Penn-
ama that, if he will reflect a moment, he will
see that the increased expense of collecting the
revenue does not grow exclusively or mainly out
of the causes which have been referred to. All
over the country, at almost every point where a
steamer can float a hundred bales of cotton, you
ha\e made ports of delivery; and thereby created
the necessity of appointing officers and establish-
ing all the machinery and paraphernalia at an in-
creased expense to the Government. Congress
has done this, and the Secretary of the Treasury
has no control whatever over it. [Cries of "Ques-
tion!"]
Air. GROW. I withdraw m\ amendment.
The Senate amendment,"as amended, was con-
curred in.
Second amendment:
he it further unacted, That from and after the 1st of
Julj. all laws and parts of taws which authonze the
paunenl of the expenses, or any portion of the expenses, or
collecting the revenue fium customs at any port or porN on
the Pacific coast of the United States, out of the aceiuuii*
revenue, before the same is paid into the Tieasury, shall be,
and hereby are, repealed.
Air. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Aleans recommend a concurrence in
that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Tieasury be. and lie is hereby, authotized, at Ins discretion,
to di-coiituiue all pons of dehveiy, the. revenue received at
each of which doe^ not amount to the sum of §10,000.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Aleans recommend a concurrence
m (Ins amomlmont.
Tnu amendment was* concurred m.
Fourth amendment:
4dnd be U further enacted, That no collector of the cus
toms, deputy collector, naval officer, deputy naval officcr,
surveyor, deputy surveyor, general appraiser, superintend-
ent of warehouses, or any other officer or person engaged in
the collection of the revenue, shall receive a greater compen-
sation than is now paid to the officers and persons engaged
m the said service at the port of New York: Provided,
That this section shall not be so construed as to increase
the compensation of any officer of the customs or of any
person engaged in the collection thereof.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
committee rise and report the amendments to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Barksdale reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the amendments of the Senate to House bill (No.
466) making appropriation for the expenses of
collecting the revenue from customs, and had
directed him to report the same to the House,
with a recommendation that one of said amend-,
ments be concurred in with an amendment; that
others be concurred in, and that one be non-con-
curred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES demanded the pre- :
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered. j
The first amendment of the Senate was then '
read, as follows: ]
Strike out the first two sections of the bill, and insert, in !!
lieu theieof, the following: |j
That there be, and hereby is, appropriated, for the ex- jj
penses of collecting the revenue from customs for each half ,;
year, the sum of §rl,500,000, payable out of any money m ,,
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, together with
such sum a-> may be received for storage, cartage, wharfage, 1 j
and labor for said half years. 11
The Committee of the Whole on the state of !j
the Union recommended an amendment to this jj
amendment,'to strike out "five" and insert j
" eight," so as to make the sum $1,800,000. j;
Mr. COLFAX demanded the yeas and nays on ij
the amendment to the amendment. j
The yeas and nays were not ordered. h
The amendment "to the amendment was agreed jj
to—ayes 79, noes 59. ji
Theamendmenf of the Senate, as amended, was ,j
then concurred in. ;i
The action of the Committee of the Whole on j
the state of the Union on the remaining amend- '
ments of the Senate was concurred in. ji
Air. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider j
the vote taken on concurring m the amendments
of the Senate; and also moved to lay the motion '
to reconsider upon the table. !(
The latter motion was agreed to. i
SUB-TREASURY LAW.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that House '
bill (No. 467) modifying the first section of the
act entitled " An act to amend an act entitled
' An act to provide for the better organization of,
the Treasury, and for the collection, safe-keep-
ing, transfer, and disbursement of the public rev-
eiiue,' " be made the special order in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and that
all general debate on it be closed within five
minutes after its consideration shall be resumed.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Jones]
to suspend for a moment. The House will re-
member that several days since my colleague ;
[Mr. Davis] offered a resolution with leference
to the outtages which have recently been com-
mitted upon our merchant vessels and commerce ;!
in the Gulf of Alexioo and ports of Cuba, and j
that the resolution was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
The committee is now ready to report a bill, .
and I ask the unanimous consent of the House
to do so, merely that it may be referred to the
Committee of the Whole House and printed. I
do not ask action upon it at this time. I know j
too well that such a request would be refused;
but 1 desire to say, so far as I am concerned, I
believe that Congress would fail to discharge the
high duty it owes to the people of this country
if it should adjourn without arming the Pres-
ident with full authority and the amplest means
to resent and resist these outrages. On our own
waters, within sight of our own shores, our ves-
sels have been boarded and searched, our com-
merce intercepted, and our flag insulted by the
naval officers of a haughty and insolent Power,
and we are, and ought to be, disgraced in the
estimation of all civilized nations if immediate
reparation, full and complete, is' not demanded
and enforced. The asserted right of visitation
and search, on the part of England, has never
been admitted by this Government. On the con-
trary, we have ever unequivocally denied it. It
was denied in 1812, and Great Britain was taught
a lesson then which she ought never to forget.
It was denied by Mr. Stevenson, our Minster to
England, in his luminous correspondence with
that Government. It was denied by General Cass
when the five great Powers of Europe entered
into the quintuple treaty, and invited the coop-
eration of this Government; and Mr. Clay, in his
great speech on the new Army bill, m 1813, de-
clared that " the colors that float from the mast-
head should be the credentials of our seamen."
The President, with a promptness which com-
mends itself to the applause and admiration of the
country, has ordered a squadron to the scene of
these outrages to prevent their repetition, but he
is powerless to redress past offenses, unless sus-
tained by Congress.
1 know that a war would be a great calamity to
this country, and particularly to the section from
which I come, but it would be a greater calamity
still to England. With her national debt palsy-
ing the energies of her people, her difficulties with
Prance and China, and a rebellion raging in In-
dia, she is in no condition to engage m a war with
this country; but if she was, rather than submit
to these aggressions upon our commerce, I would
prefer war, with all its consequences.
I am not allowed, under the rules of the House,
to discuss the bill before it has been reported, but
I must be permitted to say that a bolder foreign
policy ought to be adopted by this Government;
and that wherever an American citizen may go,
upon the land or upon the sea, in the prosecution
of lawful enterprises, he is entitled to the protec-
tion of the Government, and ought to have it.
But I am trespassing upon the time of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, and I yield the floor.
Several Members called for the question on
Mr. J. Gi.a.vcy Jones's motion.
Air. J. GLANCY JONES. I insist on my
motion.
Mr. SICKLES. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will make a motion that is in order.
Several AIembf.rs objected.
The motion of Mr.'J. Glancy Jones was
agreed to.
Air. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the 'Committee of
the Who'leon the state of the Union, (Mr. Barks-
dai.e in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the business in order
to be the special oulci; which was the bill making
an amendment to the sub-Treasury law.
The bill was read in. extenso.
It piovides that so much of the first section of
the act entitled" An act to amend an act entitled
' An act to provide for the better organization of
the Treasury, and for the collection, safe-keep-
11)0, transfer, and disbursement of the public rev-
enue,"' approved March 3, 1857, as provides
" that each and every disbursing officer or agent
of the United States, having any money of the
United States intrusted to him for disbursement,
shall be, and he is hereby, required to deposit
the same with the Treasurer of the United States,
or with some one of the Assistant Treasurers or
public depositaries, and draw for the same only
in favor of the persons to whom payment is to be
made in pursuance of law and instructions," be
modified and amended, so that whenever the Sec-
retary or other officer at the h ead of any Executive
Department to which any disbursing officer or
agent is attached or shall belong, to whom money
ot' the United States is or may be intrusted for
disbursement, shall deem it necessary or expedi-
ent to order and direct that such money intrusted
