3016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1%,
to such disbursing officer or agent shall be held
by him, and paid directly to the person fo whom
j>ayment is to be made in pursuance of law and
instructions, without depositing the same m th,e
manner required in said first section, such custody
and payment of the money of the United States
by such disbursing officer or ngent, under the
express order and direction of such head of the
Department to which such disbursing officer or
agent is attached or shall belong, shall be taken
and deemed to be a sufficient compliance with that
part of said first section of the act above men-
tioned.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The law to which
this is an amendment was passed in the last hours
of the session of March 4, 1857. It forbids any
disbursing officer of thi.i Government from draw-
ing more than twenty dollars in money out of the
Treasury at any one time. I approve of that law
where it is possible to execute it. The Executive
Department asks no modification of it, except the
extension of just such a discretionary power as
will enable them to execute the law. Under the
law as it is, disbursing money in the Mediterra-
nean squadron, paying officers* in Utah, and pay-
ing public debts in California and elsewhere, is
utterly impossible. The amendment only pro-
poses this: let the lawstand as it is, except where
a head of a Department certifies to the Secretary
of the Treasury that it is absolutely necessary to
allow a disbursing officer to draw out more in
money than is fixed, instead of checking. He
has the power to check for it now. It simply en- j
ables him to take the money instead of checking. !
Now, I cannot deny that there will exist some
prejudice against giving any disbursing officer
power to draw out more money than the law of
1857 allows. That is not the effect of the amend-
ment. This allows him to diaw more than twenty
dollars only where the Secretary or the head of
a Department certifies and reports to Congress
that it is absolutely impossible for the disbursing
officer to get along without doing so. That is the
whole of it.
Mr. MORGAN. This is a bill which has been
discussed here in a very full House; and by a
very decided vote the House laid it aside; and I
hope it will not be pressed again. If it is, 1 ob-
ject to it.
No amendment being offered,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the com-
mittee rise, and report the bill to the House with
a recommendation that the bill do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Barksdale reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly House bill (No. 467) modifying the first
section of the act entitled " An act to amend an
act entitled 'An act to provide for the better or-
ganization of the Tieasury, and for the collec-
tion, safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of
the public revenue;'" and had directed him to
report the same to the House with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
Mr, J. GLANCY JONES. I demand the pre-
vious question on the engrossment and third read-
ing of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was oidered to be en-
grossed and read a thud time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. J. GLANCY JON US. I move the previ-
ous question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas ana nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 90; as follows;
YEAS — Messrs. Admin, Alii, Arnold, Boyce, Branch,
Burns, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay, Clemens, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Corning, Cox, James Craig, Curry, Davis
of Indiana. Davis of Mississippi, Dimmickj Dowdell, Ed-
xnuud^on, Elliott, Faulkner, Florences Gti'iis, Goode. Grej.%
Oropsheck, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch. Hopkins, Hon ton,
Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, J Giancy Jones. Owen
Jones, Kelly, Jacob M. Kunfeel, Lamar, Landy, Leidy,
Letcher, Maelay, McKibbm, McQuecn, Samuel S. Mar-
shall. Mite*. Million, Moore, Niblack, Pendleton, Pejton,
John S. Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Uuitman, Reillv, Ruffin,
liussell, Santiidge, Scales, Shorter, Sickles, Samuel A.
Smith, James A. Stewart, Ward, White, Win lo\v, and
Wort^ndyke—71.
N AYS—Messis. Abbott, Andrew?, Atkins, Avery, Barks-
dale, Bennett, Billinghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Bocock,
Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Burnett, Case, Ezra Clark,
Clawsor, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Covode, Ciagm,
Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts. Davis
of lowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd. Durfee, Edie, Fenton,
Foley, Foster, Garnett, Gartrcll, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooeh,
Goodwin, Granger,Grow, Rohett B. Hall, J. Momson Har-
ris Thomas L. Harris,Hill, Hoard, Iiorton, Jewett, George
W. Jones, Kellogg, Knapp, Leiter, Lovejoy, Humphtey
Marshall. Matteson, Mayuard, Morgan, Morrill, Edward
Joy Monis, Mou, Nichols, Palmer, Parker, Potter, Pottle,
Rieaud, Robbins, Roberts, Royce, Savage, Henry M Shaw,
William Smith, Spinner, Stan'on, William Stewart,Talbot,
Tappan, George Taylor, Thayer, Tompkins, Tnppo, Un-
derwood, Wade. Walbndge, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wood,
Woodson, and John V7. Wright—90.
So the bill was not passed.
Mr. STEPHEN'S, of Georgia, stated, pending
the call of the roll, that he had paired off with
Mr. Sherman, of Ohio.
Mr. HILL. I-desire to state that last evening,
on account of the illness of Mr. Edmundson, I
paired off with him. I believe he is present now,
and I vote " no" on this question.
Mr. BURNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. RE1LLY demanded the yeas and nays.
The veas and nays were refused.
The motion to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table was agreed to.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a privi-
leged question. The committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes ofthe two Houses upon the
bill (II. R. No. 558) making appropriations for
the transportation of the United States mail, by
ocean steamers and otherwise, during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1859, have met, and
after a full and free conference have been utterly
unable to agree upon any one of the provisions of
the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON". I would ask the gentleman
what number of Senate amendments there are to
that bill ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There were four
amendments upon which the two Houses dis-
agreed. There was one authorizing the Postmaster
General, with the consent of the contractors, to
change the terminus of the Collins line fiom Liv-
erpool to Southampton. We might perhaps have
agreed to that one, if wc could have agreed upon
the others. The others authorize the Postmaster
General to make contracts to carry the mails from
any port of the United States to any ports in any
part of the wot Id if he can get them carried for the
United States inland and sea postage.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the committee be
discharged, jmd that another be appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would move, if
it is in order, that the House adhere to its dis-
agreeing votes.
Mr. SICKLES. I insist upon my motion, and
move the previous question upon its adoption.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be in order to
move that the House agree to the amendments
last referred to by the gentleman from Tennes-
see ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Illinois. Has not the
previous question been called?
Mr. HOUSTON. I am only asking a question
for information.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not technically
in possession of the House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the op-
eration thereof Mr. Sickles's motion was agreed
to; and Mr. Sickles, Mr. Garnett, and Mr.
Kunkel of Pennsylvania, were appointed as such
committee on the part of-the House.
Mr. SICKLES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House insisted; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. There are but two
measures now that I have to bring forward: one !
before wc go into the Committee of the Whole j
on the state of the Union, and the other in the !
Committee of the Whole on thestateof the Union.
There is a joint resolution, which will not occupy
five minutes, relative to the reciprocity treaty,
and which I ask leave to report to the House from
the Committee of Ways and Means, that it may
be put upon its passage.
The joint resolution authorizes the President
of the United States, whenever h^ shall receive
satisfactory information that hay and hops, being
the products of the United States, and exported *
thence toany of the British North American Prov-
inces, are admitted free of duty, to issue his proc-
lamation declaring that hay and hops, the prod-
ucts of those Provinces, shall be admitted free of
duty.
Mr. STANTON. I object to the introduction
of the joint resolution.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
rules be suspended. I send up a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury to have read.
Mr. STANTON. Is debate in order on a mo-
tion to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I object, unless we
have it on both sides.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I call for tellers.
Tellers , 'ere -ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported —
ayes seventy-one; not two thirds of a quorum.
So the rules were not suspended.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Debate has not
been closed on the loan bill in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. I have in-
dicated, on a former occasion, my disposition to
leave that bill open for a reasonable length of de-
bate. I wish to ascertain the sense of the House,
and propose now to move that all debate shall
close on that bill in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union in two hours after it
shall have been taken up in committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by closing debate in thirty minutes.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I accept the amend-
ment, and call for the previous question. •
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had agreed to the
port of the committee of conference on the Senate
amendments to the naval appropriation bill.
LOAN BILL AGAIN.
The amendment of Mr. Washburne was agreed
to; and the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move tha* the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved Uself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Barks-
dale in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of House bill (No. 582) to authorize a
loan not exceeding the sum of $15,000,000.
The bill was read.
Mr. BURLINGAME. Mr. Chairman, I shall
ask the indulgence of the committee for a short
time only, while I shall bring to its consideration
the recent outrages commuted upon our flag m the
Gulf of Mexico. I do so, sir, at this time, because
it seems to me that no other opportunity may
offer for that purpose.
Mr. BRANCF-J. f rise to a question of order.
My impression is that this bill has been made the
special order in committee by order of the House;
and if so, the debate must be confined to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill has not been made
a special order. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts is in order, and will proceed.
Mr. BURLINGAME. I had hoped that this
subject would have been referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Aflaiis, (of which I am an humble
member,) so that the committee might have taken
official action upon it. It was not until recently,
however, that it was so referred, and the commit-
tee have had an important report in relation to it,
. by /
rung j
i re- /
nate /
yh
J
