wm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May (►,
gave precisely what was asked. It was a depart-
ure from the old rule of making the allowance to
the fishermen depend upon the amount of the duty
upon salt. Besides, that same bill also allowed a
drawback, giving to the fishermen a drawback ,
and a bounty. That bill, by its terms, I say,
proves clearly an intention to depart from the'
system which had marked the earlier period of
the Government, when they did what they sup-
posed was sufficient for the protection of the fish-
ermen. The terrns of that bill are conclusive
that Congress designed to depart from the earlier
policy of the bill, and to allow a certain bounty,
on which the fishermen might rely. Did Con-
gress, then, provide, as they did in any other bills,
that the amount the fishermen should receive,
should depend upon the amount of salt used?
Did they provide that the fisaermen should use
any quantity of salt? No, sir. Did they provide
that the sum which the fishermen should receive
should be held in the Treasury until it was ascer-
tained what amount of salt they used? No, sir;
and yet these are all provisions which are con-
tained jn previous laws. By this law, the bounty
is no way made dependent or contingent on the
amount of salt they might use, or the duty which
may have been then, or which might thereelfter,
be imposed upon salt. By thijf law the bounty
was made payable, three eighths to the owner of
the vessel, find five eighths to the crew* The law
of 1819 only increased the amount of the bounty,
and is the law under which they are now paid.
But, sir, whatever may have been the view of
pertain men in relation to allowing a drawback as
an equivalent to the fishermen in an earlier day,
I answer that it was only the opinion of those
men who expressed it; and for other, and for
• better and for higher reasons, members may have
voted for that system who did not agree with the
reasons which were given by those who might
have voted for it for other purposes. The last
law fixes and determines a rate of bounty—an
obnoxious word to the Senator from Alabama,
and an obnoxious word to myself; for, as a gen-
eral system, I agree fully with liirri, that it is not
the policy of the Government to pay a direct
bounty upon any branch of industry. If, how-
ever, there are peculiar reasons which make any
class of the industry of the country deserving of
special protection—if there are any reasons why
bounties, either direct or indirect, ought to be
granted for special purposes—I am ready to ex-
amine that question outside of the general rule
which the Senator lays down, and in which I
agree with him.
' So much for the general proposition of the Sen-
ator from Alabama that these bounties had their
origin in a drawback, and that it was designed by
Congress to aid the fisheries only to the extent of
the amount of the duty upon salt which was im-
posed uponthem. I say that when the acts of 1813
and 1819 were passed it was the design of the Gov-
ernment to foster this branch of industry for the
purpose of raising a corps of seamen who should
always be found ready to participate in your com-
mercial and in ypur naval marine, without which
the prosperity of no country can be advanced; and
whatever advances the prosperity of the country
in commerce applies as well to Alabama as to
Maine. You might as well say that we have no
national interest in the gold-fields of California,
because they are confined to thftt State; you might
as well say that they are not national in their im-
portance, as to say that the fisheries, because they
are in the eastern States and beyond the eastern
States, are not national, on account of having that \
particular location. Sir, they are national, and it
is to that point that I invite the attention of the
Senate. I propose to take a broader view of the
importance of this question than that which has
been given to it by the Senator from Alabama;
and I think 1 can show conclusively that, though
local in fact, they are national in their importance,
and they address themselves to every section of
the Union, and every locality where commerce
and naval power has an interest, as strongly and
as directly as to the people who reside in their
immediate vicinity.
Whatever may be the views of the Senate—
whatever may be the fate of the bill now pending,
it is hardly sufficient to sneer it out of import-
ance by limiting it to the mere catching of fish.
To show wiiat has been the regard with which
these fisheries have always been treated, from the
formation of the Government up to the present
time—ay, sir, and before the formation of this
Government—it will be my purpose to go as briefly
as I may into their history. I design to show
their importance to-day, and I hold that their im-
portance to-day is equal to that which was at-
tached to them more than seventy-five years ago.
The question of the fisheries on the northeast-
ern coast was an important question with these
States when they were colonies. Our right to
them was a point which was mixed up with, and
formed the basis of, the revolutionary struggle.
They were treated by our revolutionary fathers
as of vital importance. They were go regarded
in the war of 1812, because they were considered
then, as they are to-day, as the nurseries of sea-
men, and seamer) can nowhere else be as well ed-
ucated. I speak of American seamen; because I
shall hare occasion, before I close, to speak of the
seamen that man your commercial marine and
your naval service to-day. They are made up of
foreigners. No wise statesman, no man who has
regard for the interest of his whole country, I
think, will desire to see either the commercial or
tin; jiaval power of this country placed in the hands
of unnaturalized foreigners. These interests are
too dear to us all, too broad, too comprehensive,
and too important, to be trusted to any other
'hands than those of American-born citizens, or at
least of naturalized citizens.
Now, sir, we must not forget the importance
of this question because the fisheries themselves
happen to be local. They are outside the limits
ofourown country mainly; theyare'notas acces-
sible to us even as they are to our neighbors in
the British provinces; but they m-e more acces-
sible to the people of the eastem*8tates than to
those of any other portion of the Union. I have
said that the question of these fisheries entered
into, and formed a vital element of, the revolution-
ary war itself. The history of the times is full
of it. More than that, the importance of these
fisheries, in a commercial and a naval point of
view, entefed into the contests between Prance
and England for a long period of time anterior to
the Declaration of Independence. They were the
subjects of strife and war between those Powers
for more than a hundred years; and for what pur-
pose ? As the school of seamen. Many of the
contests which took place between the Govern-
ments of France and Great Britain in the seven-
teenth and eighteenth centuries, turned directly
upon the value and importance of the possession
of these fisheries. Let me refer very briefly to
their history.
By the treaty of St Germains, in 1632, Nova
Scotia was given to Prance; twenty-two years
afterwards it was taken possession of by Crom-
well. By the treaty of Baden, in 1667, after the
restoration of the Stuarts, it was again secured to
France. In the war between France and Eng-
land, following the accession of William and
Mary, SirWilliamPhipps,born in Maine, reduced
Nova Scotia, and established an English govern-
ment. By the treaty of Ryswick, in 1697, it was
again restored to France. In the first year of the
reign of dueen Anne, France and England were
again at war, and the rights to the fishing grounds
and a part of the territory of Maine were amongst
the principal causes. Under the treaty of Utrecht,
in 1713, it became an English province. This
was effected mainly by New England fishermen.
By the treaty of Aix la Chapelle, Cape Breton was
restored to France. In the warof 1756, commonly
called the seven years' war, England become pos-
sessed of Canada and all the French possessions.
The Gaul resigned the mastery in the New World
to the Briton.
During all these wars and negotiations, it is of
great moment to see how these fisheries were re-
garded by each party, and the intimate connec-
tion and importance they bore to the naval power
of each Government. It can all be seen by anyone
who will examine the negotiations of the times.
In the negotiations i)i 1763, between France and
England, it was said in London " that the fish-
eries were worth more than all Canada."
I have thus very hastily alluded to the early
history of these fisheries to show how important
they were regarded by those Governments. They
are as important, to-day, to us, as they were to
France and England at the period of time to which j
I have alluded. Subsequent to that period, and
anterior to th? revolutionary w?r, they were i
treated by the colonies and by the mother Gov-
ernment precisely in the same light. Indeed, Mr.
Otis remarked, and well remarked, in 1808, when
a member of the other House of Congress, that
these fisheries formed one of the main and prin-
cipal causes of the revolutionary war. Any man
who will examine the history of the times, any.
man who will examine the negotiations and what
was said in relation to these fisheries at that period
of time, can have no doubt as to the accuracy of
Mr. Otis's statement.
I think it is shown very conclusively in docu-
ments which were printes'at that period of time,
that the British Government regarded these fish-
eries as of the greatest importance, and that they
were, in truth and in fact, one'of* the principal
causes of the war which led to the separation of
the two Governments. Sir Josiah Child®,a  Eng-
lish writer of high authority, used the following
significant language at a very early day—within
fifty years after the Puritans had landed at Plym-
outh:
" New England is the most prejudicial plantation to this
kingdom, because, of all the American plantations^ his Ma-
jesty has none so apt for buiidmgof shipping as New Eng-
land, nor any comparably so qualified for the breeding of
seamen, not only by reason of sbe natural industry of that
people, but principally by reason of their cod and mackerel
fisheries; and, in my opinion, there is nothing more preju-
dicial, and in prospect more dangerous, to any mother king-
dom, than the increase of shipping in her colonies, planta-
tions, or provinces."
That declaration of Sir Josiah Childs was fol-
lowed up directly by the action of the British Par-
liament.' They attempted to impose, and did im-
pose upon the colonies, restrictions upon their
commerce and fisheries which were onerous, and
which contributed as much as, or more than,
any other causcjlo bring about the separation and
the independence of the colonies. In 1733 a law
was passed by the British Government imposing
a duty upon rum, molasses, and pugar imported
into the colonies from any of the West India
islands, except in British bottoms. The penalty
was the forfeit of the vessel. In 1764 this act
was renewed, and admiralty jurisdiction was in-
creased, and a trial by jury was denied. In 1775,
February 10, Lord North introduced a bill, which
became a law, " to restrain the trade and com-
merce of the provinces of Massachusetts Bay and
New Hampshire, the colonies of Connecticut and
Rhode Island and Providence Plantations in North
America, with Great Britain and Ireland and the
British islands in the West Indies, and to pro-
hibit such colonies and provinces from carrying
on the fishery on the banks of Newfoundland
and other places therein mentioned, under cer-
tain conditions, and for a time to be limited." Cer-
tain persons who would not acknowledge the right
of Parliament were to be excluded in the certifi-
cate of the Governor of good behavior, which, I
suppose, was equivalent to loyalty to the Crown.
This act was designed to starve the fishermen into
submission. How it failed we shall see when we
come to examine what these men did in the rev-
olutionary war.
It was the policy of the mother Government to
prohibit trade in other than in British bottoms
between the colonies and her own ports; and sub-
sequently absolutely to annihilate the colonial
trade, for the reason that had been laid down by
Sir Josiah Childs, that the colonies were danger-
ous, for they were increasing in seamen, and were
promoting commerce.
This is the early history of these fisheries. It
shows the importance which had been attached
to them by both France and'England while they
were in controversy between the two Govern-
ments. It shows the importance attached to them
by the British Government while we were colo-
nies. It shows that they were one of the great
causes which led to the revolutionary war. Ail
this was because their possession would increase
the commercial and naval power of the country
owning them.
I now proceed to the consideration of another
point, to.-show how important our Government
considered them in the negotiations for peace at
the close of the revolutionary war. It regarded
them as of vital importance. They were made
an ultimatum of peace. In September, 1779, the
following instructions were forwarded to Mr. Ad-
ams from the Colonial Congress:
" That the common right of fishing should m no case bt
given up.
