1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1993
"That itis essentia! to the welfare of all theUnited States,
that the inhabitants thereof, at the expiration of the war,
should continue to enjoy the free and undisturbed exercise
of their common right to fish on the banks of Newfound-
land, and ail the overfishing banks and seas of North Amer-
ica, preserving inviolate the treaties between France and
the United States."
Sir, when these resolutions were under consid-
eration in the Colonial Congress, on motion of
Mr. Dickinson, of Delawarfe, the word " all" was
inserted before "theUnited States," for he in-
sisted, like a patriotic man, and like a statesman
who took an elevated view of the question, that
whatever interested a locality, and was of national
importance, interested all. On his motion, by a
vote of ten States to two, the word " all" was in-
serted. These instructions continue:
" That our faith be pledged to the several States, that
without their unanimous consent no treaty of commerce
shall be entered into, nor any trade or commerce whatever
carried on with Great Britain, without the express stipula-
tion hereinafter mentioned. You are, therefore,not tocon-
sent to any treaty of commerce with Great Britain, without
an express stipulation on her part not to molest or disturb
the inhabitants of the United States of America in taking
fish on the banks of Newfoundland, or other fisheries in
American seas, anywhere, except within the distance of
three leagues of the shores of the territories remaining to
Great Britain at the close of the war, if a nearer distance
cannot be obtained by negotiation."
Admiralty jurisdiction went to that extent; but
outside of what was within the admiralty juris-
diction of the colonies, our ministers were in-
structed by Congress, even in those dark and
trying times, not to negotiate a peace that did not
secure to the American people all the rights which
they had enjoyed before in these fisheries; and
for what purpose? The mere catching of cod?
No, sir; but of educating seamen in the best
school that ever existed; seamen for commarcial
and for naval purposes; seamen that have elevat-
ed every people who have had them; seamen that
have made England what she is; seamen that
were known in the days of Venice as the elite;
seamen th^t gave to her all the commercial re-
nown shoever possessed; seamen that have given
to every Power on earth its 'commercial and its
naval distinction.
I know very well, Mr. President, that this ques-
tion does not bear directly upon the mere paltry
sum of a few hundreS thousand dollars that you
contribute to these men. I will come to that, how-
ever. But I am citing these authorities to show
the national importance of these fisheries; to show
how they have been treated by other men—men
who understood their value quite as fully as we
understand it; by men who instructed th^ir plen-
ipotentiaries in the dark days of the Revolution
that no peace should be negotiated without secur-
ing to our people the rights they held in these
•fisheries—rights that were intimately connected
with all the broad land.
But further, sir: during the negotiations, the
value and importance of these fisheries was the
subject of earnest and able discussion in England.
It was stud, with other things, that " a nursery
of seamen so excellent and so necessary for the
support of her naval force will never be given up
or divided by America with any Power whatso-
ever. '' Lord North, when he introduced the very
bill to which I have alluded, to deprive the fish-
ermen of their rights, said, ii  the House of Com-
mons, in 1775:
" Whije they extended British oommerce, ami kept open
a continual advantageous intercourse with foreign nations,
they increased the naval strength of the kingdom, and were
consequently the great source of that power which gave it
the preeminence over all other nations of Europe."
Our ministers were instructed not to negotiate
a treaty without the consent of France, who had
been our ally; but this instruction was violated
because of the delay that was interposed, and be-
cause Mr. Adams became satisfied that the French
were conspiring with the English to deprive us of
our rights to the fisheries. In 1782, the letter of
Barbe de Marbois,the French charge d'affaires
to the United States, to Count de Vergennes, the
principal Minister of State, was intercepted. The
scope of the letter was to secure the fisheries to
France. The treaty was concluded, and the third
article declares—
" That the people of the United States, shall continue to
enjoy, unmolested, the right to take fish of every kiny on
the Grand Bank, and'all the other banks of Newfoundland;
also in the Gulf of St. Lawrence, and at ail other places in
the sea where the inhabitants of both countries used «tt ^ny
Jme heretofore to fish."
Thus was secured what was deemed of so much
'"mportance in those days—a right commensurate
with all the States, and so vital to commerce and
naval power.
I have read Lord North's statement as to the
value of the fisheries; and yet the Senator from
Alabama tells us that Holland and England and
France have never found these schools contribute
to their naval power. I do not quote his language,
but I give the substance of what he said. He de-
clared that the bounty they had bestowed for the
purpose of creating and establishing these schools
had signally failed. Sir, the history of their own
statesmen is different. The history of the French
statesmen to which I shall refer you by and by is
different.
Mr. CLAY Will the Senator allow me to in-
terrupt him?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. CLAY. He misapprehended the import
of my language, or what I intended to say. 1 in-
tended to say that the bounties bestowed by the
English and French Governments upon the her-
ring or mackerel or whale fisheries, had not re-
dounded to the advantage of those fisheries; but
that, on the contrary, we had competed success-
fully with them, and outstripped them without
the aid of such bounties.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will come to that point; and
I thi nk I shall satisfy the Senator, if he is not pre-
judiced on the matter, if he will take the testi-
mony of their own statesmen, that they have been
most eminently successful.
Mr. CLAY. I will remark to the Senator that
I referred to figures and facts, and not to the opin-
ions of statesmen. The figures cannot misrep-
resent the truth.
Mr. HAMLIN. I design to refer to both. But,
sir, not only was such importance attached to these
fisheries, in a national point of view, by those who
participated in the revolutionary war, but when we
engaged in war with Great Britain in 1812, they
became again the subject of controversy, and it was
upon the question of the rights of the Americans
to enjoy what they had theretofore enjoyed in
the fisheries that negotiations turned. They were
treated by our Government as of the same import-
ance then that they had been treated by the French
and the English, and by the English and our own
Government, in the revolutionary war. They
were, if I may use the expression, made more than
an ultimatum, and it was upon this that negotia-
tions finally closed. Our ministers at Ghent, con-
sisting ofMessrs. Adams, Clay, Gallatin, payard,
and Russell, were instructed in words that leave no
doubt about what was the intention of the Govern-
ment. They were told:
" These rights must not be brought into discussion."
That was going a great way. Our rights to the
fisheries were not even to be brought into discus-
sion. They were so plain, so palpable, so import-
ant, in a national point of view, that our minis-
ters were not even allowed to bring them into dis-
cussion.
"If they are, your negotiations wilt cease."
That is explicit. EJvery man knows what was
the state of our commerce growing out of the war
of 1812. Any war with Great Britain must ne-
cessarily lead to its prostration; but notwithstand-
ing its depressed condition, these efmphatic and
explicit directions were issued to our commis-
sioners at Ghent, that even a discussion of the
rights of our fishermen was not to be allowed; and
if insisted upon, negotiations were to cease. Of
the course pursued by the British plenipotentia-
ries, Mr. Adams said:
" Their efforts to obtain our acquiescence in their pre-
tension that the Ashing liberties had been forfeited by war,
were unwearied. They presented it to us in every form that
ingenuity could devise. It was the first stumbling-block and
the last obstacle to the conclusion of the treaty."
And in November, 1814, that noble old man,
who will live in history forever, and who will be
loved while any man shall live who lov£s liberty—
John Adams, worn his retirement at GluincJ-, vol-
unteered this letter to the President:
" All I can say is, that I would continue this war forever
rather than surrender one acre of our territory, or one iota
of the fisheries, as established by the third, article of the
treaty of 1783."
Thus, sir, may be seen the importance with
which our fathers, before the revolutionary war,
during the revolutionary war, and subsequent to
the revolutionary war, regarded the fisheries; and
I think it is too late to sneer it out of Congress.
They are as important to-day as they were then.
I know that they do not bear the same relative
proportion either to the commerce or the naval
power of the country that they then bore; but I
think the conclusion from this fact is precisely op-
posite to that which has been drawn by the Sen-
atorfrom Alabama. Your fisheries cover a certain
field; they are limited, and they cannot be ex-
tended beyond a certain point. The general com-
merce of your country is broad, and-may be almost
illimitable. Because they do not bear the same
relation to the commerce of the country that they
then bore, I insist is an argument why they ought
to be still more fostered. If they constituted, in
the early history of the country, a great propor-
tion of your seamen, they were better able to take
care of themselves. If they are now only a small
proportion, the greater is the necessity for a school
from which your seamen to supply your com-
merce are to be contributed, because that field is
no larger, while your commercial field is still
broader. So it is in relation to naval power.
But, sir, I want to' show you what was the part
which these fishermen bore, not only in the revo-
lutionary war, but in the war of 1812. I invite
your attention to the very important part which
they contributed, and I think no class contributed
more—I had almost said that all other classes had
not contributed as much to produce that happy
result which was produced in either case as thesa
fishermen who happened to reside in a locality.
If you can educate seamen cheaper in any other
way, I am for abolishing the fishing bounties. I
am for sustaining these fishing bounties only upon
the ground that it is the cheapest mode by which
you can educate men upon whom you must rely
in the emergency of war. Can you do.it cheaper
in any other way ? Then do it. I am not advo-
cating bounties to any class of citizens, be thsy
who they may, unless it be of national import-
ance, fora national purpose, and be the most eco-
nomical mode of effecting the object. I believe
that the contribution of two or three hundred
thousand dollars a year—the average is about two
hundred and five thousand dollars—will continu-
ously keep in reserve a vast corps of (seamen dpQn
whom you can rely in time of war better than any
other class of men—a class upon whom you must
call in that emergency. If, however, there is any
alternative proposition—if there is any other way
in which seamen can be more cheaply and eco-
nomically furnished to your Navy, then I am not
in favor of this. I am not in favor of bounties,
I am only in favor of them in this case because
there is a necessity for them, from the nature of
the business which requires aid to keep it alive;
and to keep it alive is the only way in which you
can get the force that is requisite and necessary.
Now, I come to the important part which.this
corps of fishermen bore in the struggle of the rev-
olutionary war. They were few in number then,
compared to what they are now, but they were
important. There was no branch of the service
that did more honorable and gallant service than
they. There was no part of the service that aided
more in bringing about the happy negotiations
which ended in peace, and in our independence.
Itis recorded in the history of the times, and of it
there can be no serious question, that more than
fifty thousand tons of British shipping were cap-
tured in 1777, by these New England fishermen.
Curwin, of Salem, a Loyalist, who fled to Eng-
land, states in his journal that from May 1776 to
February 1778, Lloyd's Coffee-house list shows
that American privateers, ono hundred and sev-
enty-three in number, captured seven hundred and
thirty-three British vessels, with their, cargoes,
worth more than twenty-five million dollars; and
they counted millions of dollars by ahigher stand-
ard in that day than we do now. Other authori-
ties, entitled to confidence, show that during the
war full two hundred thousand tons of shipping
were taken by rebel privateers. We had no Navy.
In all the naval service of the revolutionary war,
we had to depend mainly upon the privateer service
that was composed almost exclusively of thfe fish-
ermen. So efficient were they, that underwriters
demanded, and there were paid, premiums of .from
thirty to fifty per cent. The mercantile interest of
England clamored for peace. The fishermen were
abroad upon every water; and the lagoons of the
Mediterranean never swarmed with men more effi-
ciently engaged in catching fish, than did the,priva-
teersmen of New England swarm the ocean in cap-
turing British vessels, in the war of the Revolution
