§08
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
as they pleased. It was said, " we do it here in:
Massachusetts, in Vermont, in Illinois, and why
cannot the people of Kansas do it just as well as
we ?" Mr. Cass assured the people of Michigan
that, as he understood it, slavery could not go into
Kansas unless the people of Kansas made a law
authorizing it. Not only do the words of the act
imply that the question was to be left to the peo-
ple, while a Territory, to settle for themselves,
out that was the version put upon it everywhere,
and the community were commanded to receive it
with acceptance and delight, because of thatprin-
cipie-.
Then what did it amount to? It was an invi-
tation to the world, to all men everywhere, "come
ye into this Territory of Kansas and there act to-
gether as a people, and arrange, discuss, and set-
tle the condition of your domestic institutions as
you please." That was the invitation. It was
to leave it to be adjusted by the progress of emi-
gration. Could any man seriously suppose that
an agitating topic which had disturbed Congress
until they were so tired of it that they must brush
it off and get rid of it, would be quietly and peace
ably settled by the people of the Territory ? Could
it be reasonably supposed that if that subject was
to be left to those who should emigrate to that
Territory, emigration would not be prompted by
this very motive? It was a stimulus to emigra-
tion. It was saying to all the people of the East
who were fond of the institutions of freedom and
regard the institution of slavery as a great evil,
" it is for you now to go there; here is an open,
fair field for you; make your exertions; prosecute
your emigration; exercise your legal powers;
make the Territory, as a reward for all your ex-
ertions, a free Territory and a free State legally.''
At the same time it said to all those who .regard
the institution of slavery as a divine blessing, "go
ye there, and prosecute your exertions; push for-
ward yourenterprise; stimulate your emigration;
and as the reward of your exertions, lawfully put
forth there, sanctify it if you can to the holy cause
of slavery." That was the invitation given forth
to the world, and after that invitation is given can
any man fairly find fault because the people dtd
go in accordance with it ? Can he find fault that
people associated themselves together, rendered
aid and assistance to each other, material aid and
comfort, in prosecuting that enterprise? It has
been done in every quarter of the country—the
North and the South. It was to be expected; it
was invited
What might a man further have calculated ? It
seems to me it required no very great length of
foiesight for a man to have calculated with cer-
tainty what would have been the Jesuit. Where
lie the elements of emigration? Who have in-
ducements to emigrate?. What are their purpose ?
What is their character? What sentiments actu-
ate themJ The people of the South, especially
those who are owners of slaves, are people-of
property, men who own land. The South, with
six millions of white people, has not more than
one person to every eight or ten square miles.
They have no occasion to emigrate; they have
not the elements of emigration; they have land
enough where they are, unless, indeed, their sys-
tem is of such a kind that they have to keep cull-
ing over new land all the time, because they have
exhausted the old; but even for that purpose, they
have enough for hundreds of years. No, sir; the
material of emigration lies east.
I cannot but say, at times, that if we look at the
subject of African slavery on a broad and liberal
scale, and with reference to great periods in the
progress of the world, it is after all a very small
sabject, a very little affair. I think from the foot-
prints they have left behind, it is obvious that
the family of man makes around this earth great
cycles of revolution. They follow the setting
sun. The human family are prompted by reasons
which they cannot control and which they hardly
understand. Their progress is from the East
westward. At the present moment the great ex-
odus of Europe which is throwing its avalanche
on this continent, joined with the emigrants from
the northern and eastern portions of this country,
go to swell the great tide of emigration. The
family of man is led out to possess its great patri-
mony. Itisgoingaround the earth; and the little,
accidental colonization of a few Africans here,
compared with this, is nothing but small edges
along the margin of thu groat stream. It is a
small matter in the long run; but it seems to be
enough to agitate our day and our time, though
I can hardly consider it worthy of the great atten-
tion and deep regaid of philosophic statesmen.
But, sir, as I was saying, the emigration thus
passing from east to west, the great current of the
familyof man going out in each cycle of revolu-
tion which it makes, partakes of the degree of
civilization which in that period exists. The fam-
ily of man now coming to this continent, and
going out from our eastern and northern States,
is deeply impressed with the love of individual
independence, the love of freedom; the idea, too,
that man, as a laboring being, having his destiny
in his own hands,shall have his labor guided by
the light of his own ^intellect; that we need no
such formations of society as to "require a hier-
archy in the Church, or a lordship and aristocracy
in the State; that labor and intellect shall be to-
gether; the laborer shall work by the lightof his
own intellect, guide his own destinies, participate
in all the actions of his Government by his vote,
arid then he will appreciate the majesty of that
system of which he is a member. Such people
can never look upon the subject of slavery but
with regret at least, and generally with displeas-
ure. That is the kind of material that furnishes
the emigration in this continent. It is of such
elements that it is composed, and it is by such
principles that it is actuated. Could any man,
knowing this, when Kansas was open and the
world invited to possess it and to mold its desti-
nies, doubt what those destinies would be? No-
thing could prevent it being free, if it was left to
the ordinary course and operation of the laws
thatgovernemigration. It could hardly have been 1
imagined that those people living right along the
border were going to possess the whole of it.
That would be to suppose that it must suffer vio-
lence, and violent men must take it by force, be-
cause they were nearest to it. That would have
been a violation of the promised principle and of
the plighted faith which the words of the act con-
tained, that the people of the Territory should be
left free to form and regulate their institutions in
their own way.
Mr. President, much has been said in relation
to the motives and improper purposes with which
some people went to Kansas. There can be no
reasonable doubt that a very large portion of the
emigrants who went there, among other purposes,
to push their fortunes as emigrants, were invited
there, many of them by this very assurance I
which the act of Congress contained. They went ]
there not unlawfully, not with a view to make it j
a free State unlawfully, or by any force or vio- >
len^e; but because they understood they had a ;
right to make it free lawfully; and that is the very
reason they went there. I am of course aware
that, when yoij enter upon an enterprise of this i
kind, many disturbing geniuses, tnen who are
fond of trouble and commotion, and who might
naturally have anticipated there would be much
of it there, may have been invited there on both
sides—men of violence. There was indeed a
great deal of truth contained in the remark of the
man who was journeying through Arkansas, be-
fore we acquired Texas, with his family and cart,
lie was asked, " Where are you going?" " To
Texas." "What for?" " To settle on land."
" Well," said the Arkansas man, " there is land
enough here; it is all around you; you can have
as much of it as you want." That was rather a
poser. Various views were started, until the
man, finding himself much cornered, at last
came to the point: " I am going,"said he," where
I can fight for my rights." [Laughter.] There
are some men who can never value rights they
cannot fight for. To have them peaceably and
lawfully is in no way satisfactory. Some such
men, I have no doubt, have gone to Kansas; they
have gone to light for their rights. But tly*t this
sentiment pervaded any considerable portion of
that community, is utterly without foundation.
Again, it is suggested that some of these people
went from Massachusetts and other States, to do
voting on a particular occasion, and go away.
Where is the evidence of that ? I know it is said,
in the report of the committee here, that a man
who was a candidate for Delegate to Congress,
when he found that he lost his election, went
away. I think they are apt to do that all over the
country, particularly where a man is so badly
.beaten that there is ne chance for him at all, he
is likely to go and try his luck somewhere else.
The people went there to make that a free Terri-
tory and a free State; and nothing would answer
that purpose but to go there and vote, and to stay
there to vote. There can be no foundation for the
suggestion that they went there simply to vote,
and then come away. It is utterly inconsistent
with their purposes.
Such, sir, was the plighted faith of this country
contained in the Kansas act. The next point we
have to inquire into is, how far has that been
carried out; how far has that plighted faith been
redeemed; how far have that people been left free
to form and mold their institutions in their own
way? Why, Mr. President, we come now to a
point which has been made a great point of issue
from the beginning to the end of the controversy
since the passage of this act. The formation of
a Territory by Congress, is really nothing more
nor less than passing an act of incorporation for
a city, or borough, or town. A territorial gov-
ernment is nothing more nor less than a mere
municipal corporation crcated by Congress. Con-
gress are sovereign, I take it, in all territory be-
yond the limits of any particular State. They
have jurisdiction of it; they are sovereign in it.
I do not agree to a suggestion made in the report
of the Committee on Territories two years ago,
that Congress have a sovereignty over the Terri-
tories in abeyance. A sovereignty in abeyance
is a paradox; it is no sovereignty at all; it is a
sovereignty with no power. Even m the Dred
Scott case the Supreme Court came to this conclu-
sion: they say nothing about the country which
fell within the old ordinance of 1787; but in the
newly acquired territory they say Congress have
plenary power for its government and are entirely
sovereign over it within the limitations of the
Constitution; they cannot, of course, violate any
of the prohibitions of the Constitution; they can-
not establish trial without jury, and so on.
When we held the whole of the Louisiana pur-
chase, from the sources of the Mississippi down
to the Gulf of Mexico, and from the banks of the
riverMississippi to the Rocky Mountains,was this
Government under obligations to create a territo-
rial government in any particular part of it? We
were under no obligation to make a Territory at all.
What I mean by Territory now is the technical
sense of Territory—a municipal corporation in-
corporated by law for the purpose of internal gov-
ernment. Congress had a perfect right to legislate
for that whole country, keep it altogether as a
body, make such laws as were necessary for it
without calling in the instrumentalities of second
means, and delegating power to them for this pur-
pose. How, then, can people talk so rcmch about
the right of the people of a Territory to make a
State? You might as well say that the people of
a county in Virginia can make themselves into a
State. They are organized for certain municipal
purposes. This territorial incorporation is only
for internal government and municipal purposes.
Being a Territory is not an incipient stage to being
a State; it vests no such power m them. It is only
for present convenience, and for the administra-
tion ofjustice, and the preservation of peace in the
easiest way. When this act of incorporation for
Kansas was passed, and the terms and conditions
were1 stated in it, and especially on this topic of
which I have spoken, how was it organized?
How did it go into effect? Laws, good laws, no
matter how good they are, furnish no security to
men, nor to the rights of men. It is only m the
execution of the laws that that security can rightly
be found.
How did they organize that corporation ? Sup-
pose an act of incorporation for a bank, a rail-,
way, a toll-bridge, a turnpike, is granted by any'
State to Messrs. A, B, C, D. and their associates,
and it is provided that they may organize -them-
selves at such a time and place, the %st meeting
to be called by the Secretary of State; and sup-
pose that when the Secretary of State issues his
notice for the meeting of the members of that
corporation for the purpose of organization, in-
stead of the Messrs. A, "R, C, and D, mentioned
in the charter, there should come Messrs. E, F,
G,andH,and, impersonatingthem, take posses-
sion of the meeting and make themselves the cor-
poration: that would be an attempt at organization
under the act; but would it not be an entire usurp-
ation? Would it be that corporation which the
State created? Clearly it would not.
