8018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
land and every sea. She is now about to go to
war for two of her citizens who were taken by
the Neapolitan Government. They have been
discharged, and reparation is demanded; and the
last news from England (in the language of the
London Times) is, that she will fire a shot against
Naples, which will resound from the Straits of
Messina to the Alps. I glory in her ancient re-
nown, and joy in the tidings of her present might.
But whatever she was before, or however great
she maj be, in remembrance of Waterloo, of
Balaclava, of Delhi, of Lucknow, of Trafalgar,
and the Nile, I would say to her, that though she
may beat with her sturdy valor the well-trained
soldier of Europe, and trample down under her
cruel feet the fierce sepoy of the Orient, -the
heroic children of her loins beyond the western
waves, standing for their unquestioned rights,
dare cast down the gage of battle even to her, and
will convincc her, and convince the world,
u That there is one great clime
Which still rears us crest uuconquered and sublime."
But it is said we are not prepared for war. And
I am asked by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Oox,] why I did not vote for the construction of
the war sloops. Of what use, I ask, would they
be in case of war with England? 1 say we arc
better prepared for war, in proportion to the least
amount we cast into the sea, and into hulks which
soon will only be fit to gather barnacles upon their
keels. In the last war we took trees green from
the forest, and in seven months constructed ves-
sels, and took the British fleet on Lake Erie. If
we are to have war, say but the word, and the
hardy fishermen, now so maligned in some quar-
ters, will go forth from the bays of Massachu-
setts, and, as m other days, bring home prizes
and victory with all the winds.
Let the order go forth, and New England will
respond with her commercial marine. Say but
the word, and the genius of my own people will
manifest itself in war steamers, "whose thunders
shall shake the Philip of the sens'" Say the
word, and the men of the north end of Boston, in
my own district, would again rig outthe Consti-
tution, as in other days, and man her with those
north-end sailors, whose boast it is that they can
whip the sailors of the world in all the ports of
the world, and once more
" Nail to the ma«t her holy flag,
And give her to the God of storms, the lightning, and the
If we must have war for our rights, it would
not be without its compensations as well as its dis-
asters. We have not everything to lose. The war
upon the fishermen would stop; the navigation
laws would not be repealed for the benefit of Eng-
land; the British free-trade tariff of 1846 would not
operate; the forges in Pennsylvania would again
glow; and every brawling stream in New Eng-
land would work its way to the sea through the
cunning machinery of our artisans; the interests
of agriculture would again revive; sectional strife
would cease; King Cotton would become Republican
Cotton; new lands would* be acquired, and the
Republic consolidated and strengthened. Yes,
there is a question of land here. There is other
land besides Cuba. There is a land, sir, worthy
of our attention—a land lying up under the north
star. It is a rich land, and has a rich and pros-
perous people. It will furnish to our councils
eight Senators and forty Representatives. Sir, I
ive these compensation suggestions not more for
'ngland than as thought-breeders for some of our
i1
people at home. I think we should issue from
such a war with the whole continent under our
sway. No man would have to indicate on what
part of it he dwelt, to establish his nationality.
By whatever distant river he should stand, what-
ever mountain he should climb, or whatever des-
ert he should traverse, or whatever climate he
might enduie, he would exult in the thought that
he was a citizen of a mighty Union, and a mem-
ber of the great unconquered and unconquerable ;
western Republic. j
Mr. HILL. I desire to say to the gentleman ]
from Massachusetts, that he lias, in the last few ■
sentences he has pronounced, answered the inter- |
jogatory which I intended to put to him; which j
was, whether, m his zeal for getting his country :
into a war with Great Britain, there had been any ;
such thing as a calculation of the probable ad-
vantage which might accrue to his section ? He
has answered the inquiry to my satisfaction.
Mr. BURLINGAME. I say frankly to the gen-
tleman from Georgia, that I believe there would
be compensation to my own section; and, not only
to my section, but to the whole country; for my
heart is large enough to embrace the whole coun-
try. But I should lamentand deplore a war; and
I think there will be none while the present party
rcmainsin power, judgmgfrom the signs on every
hand, unless it shall result from the weakness and
*rant of spirit of those in authority.
Mr. PURYIANCE. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts intend to say that the sentiment
upon this side of the House, in reference to an
immediate declaration of war, differs in any ma-
terial respect from that of the other side of the
House ?
Mr. BURLINGAME. f cannot speak for any
side of the House on this question. I do not wish
to be complimentary to this side of the House,
but I think that, if the call be made upon the coun-
try, this side will respond with as much alacrity
and unanimity as the other side. And I have
faith to believe that all of us, as against a foreign
foe, would stand together, and give out one united
shout of defiance, from the lakes of the North to
the Gulf, and from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
Mr. COX. The gentleman has not yet told us
why he voted against the sloops-of-war.
Mr. BURLINGAME. I have answered once,
I think;1 but I will tell the gentleman again why
I voted against the sloops of war, and why I
would vote against the expenditure of money in
any similar way. In case of war, both nations
must begin to build anew, on account of the im-
portant modern improvements in steam machinery
and ordnance. Both nations would at once build
after the latest models, and arm with the most
modern armaments. England, with her old ships,
could do nothing, m her late war with Russia,
against Cronstadt and Sebastopol. She com-
menced building new vessels with which to meet
the requirements of the time. The genius of Todt-
leben taught us how to defend our cities, stand-
ing in the foam of the sea, by earthworks. The
nation which does not cast its money away on war
vessels, which must soon become obsolete, but
strengthens Us commercial marine, is fittest for
war. If we should use the $13,000,000 we now
yeaily spend on our war vessels, to stimulate in-
dividual enterprise, and in establishing postal
routes, in five years we should have a navy be-
fore which the war vessels of England would
"pale their ineffectual fires."
[Here the Chairman's hammer fell—the time
allowed for general debate having expired.]
Mr. LETCHER. I intended to have spoken
an hour on the subject of Government expend-
itures, in connection with the loan bill; but, as I
do not wish now to occupy the time of the commit-
tee, I shall avail myself of the privilege to write
out my remarks, if agreeable to the committee.
General assent was given.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I have pre-
pared some remarks on this subject, but I do not
desire to fatigue the committee with delivering
them, if they will give me permission to publish
them.
General assent was given.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to ask leave to print
some remarks on this subject, in case I have not
an opportunity to make them.
General assent was given.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the committee
will indulge me for a short time, I will endeavor
to confine myself to a few sober facts m relation
to the finances of the country. It might not, per-
haps, be inappropriate to say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Burlingame] that, as
he has made a war speech, I shall expect him,
when called upon, to respond toall claims forex-
pendituros for such a purpose. I do not propose
now, Mr. Chairman, to make a lengthy speech
on the question. 1 know that the House is im-
patient to get through public business, with a
view to an early adjournment. I shall content
myself now with a simple statement, availing
myself of the privilege of adding to it in print, if
I see proper. [Cries of "Agreed."]
Mr. SICKLES. I beg to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to give me a portion of his
time, that I may make a few remarks in reply to
the gentleman from Massachusetts. [Cries of
si No, no!" "Object!"]
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. If the gen-
tleman makes a war speech, we want all around
to make war speeches.
i Mr. SICKLES. I want to make a peace
! speech.
Mr, KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I object;
, | and hope my colleague will not yield.
; | Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. At the opening of
,! this session of Congress, the Secretary of the
!! Treasury,in submitting his estimates and his re-
'•\ ports, referred to the condition of the finances of
;j the country generally, and particularly to the re-
, | cent revulsion. From a full Treasury with a sur-
, | plus of twenty or thirty millions of dollars on the
! 4th of March last, we have now a deficiency of
j $20,000,000. I do not propose to go into an argu-
ment to show the causes which produced this very
extraordinary* result. There are a great many
different theories on the subject. I simply wish
to confine myself to facts, and leave every gentle-
man to make up his own mind, or to adopt his
own theory, and carry it into practice if he can.
I had intended, if this bill had come up at an
earlier day, to have occupied the full extent of my
hour in debating fully and frankly in all its bear-
ings a revenue system—a subject which some gen-
tlemen seem to think there is a disposition to avoid
upon this side of the House. It is said that we
have an empty Treasury; that we have borrowed
$20,000,000, and are about to borrow $15,000,000
moie, and yet that the Committee of Ways and
Means is entirely silent as to the mode of replen-
ishing the Treasury. I would be the last man to
be guilty of an omission of this kind if it were in
the power of the Committee of Ways and Means
at this particular period to remedy this evil. But
I know, every gentleman in this House knows,
and the country knows, that an adjustment of the
tariff at this particular juncture would not add a
dollar to the revenue,and we know the additional
fact that if a protective tariff were imposed at this
particular period upon the people, so far from ben-
efiting either the revenue or any interest of the
country, it would entail evils upon us that gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House would be
the first to disavow and to hold us responsible for.
If the tariff at this session were put at sixty per
cent., it would not yield one dollar of revenue. In
consequence of the cessation of imports, no tariff
could affect either the revenue or the manufactur-
ing interests. The attempt and failure would only
unsettle and confuse instead of giving stability,or
inspiring well-founded hopes for the future.
But it is sent forth to the country that we are
unwilling to afford relief, even on our own prin-
ciple. We have often proclaimed to the whole
country that we are not in favor of a tariff for
protection alone, hut that we are in favor of a tariff
for revenue; and that under such a tariff, with
revenue for its object, we will at all times do every-
thing that we can consistently with this principle
to incidentally benefit our domestic interests.
That is our position, and if any gentleman will
show me, now, how any adjustment of the tariff
can be made upon that principle that will yield
revenue and benefit the country, I am ready this
moment to act on it. I have seen no such prac-
tical suggestion anywhere. There must be a re-
vival of trade; we must have importations before
any tariff of any kind whatever can produce any
effect; and it is for this reason, and this alone,
that I have proposed that we shall wait until there
is a sufficient revival of trade, that we may see
how to adjust the tariff with a view to secure rev-
enue, give stability to the system, and encourage
our own domestic industry, before we attempt to
tinker with it. I have no hesitation in saying
now that I shall not favor any tariff hereafter that
is alone for protection in any of its features, with-
out revenue for its objcct; but if I find, after a
revival of trade, that the present tariff will not
fulfill our expectations, then, and not till then, I
shall be ready to go into a movement that will give
us, on that principle and on that basis, sufficient
revenue to meet—not, as some of my friends have
intimated, extravagant expenditures—but the le-
gitimate expenses of a Government economically
administered.
I suppose it is hardly necessary for me to say
that I am in favor of the postal system being
generally self-supporting. 1 am willing to go, by
