185B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1995
tinue the encouragements they have received, even at pe-
riods when a commercial and colonial prosperity, infinitely
superior to that now existing, multiplied our shipping, and
creatcd abundance of seamen. It is on our fi&heries that at
this day teposc all the most serious hopes of our maritime
enlistments." m
Again, he says:
" Without aid the cod fisheries could not exist. They
furnish more than a third of our seamen, and by far the best
portion of them. There is no cheaper, better, or more use-
ful school for a formation of seamen for the Navy, and none
is more capable of extension and development." *
Let me read from a report made to the British
Parliament, in 1846, by Mr. MacGrregor:
" In speaking of the fisheries, De Witt says: *
" That the English navy became formidable by the dis-
covery of the inexpressibly rich fishing bank of Newfound-
land." *********
u And, from 1618, the fisheries were carried on by Eng-
land, and became of great national consideration."
" Before the conquest of Cape Breton, by these alone
France became formidable to alt Europe."
There was a period of time when Prance came
near equaling England in her commercial power,
and that was when she held control of the fish-
eries. Mr. MacGregor continues:
" It was a maxim with the French Government, that their
American fisheries were of more national value, in regard
to navigation and power, than the gold mines of Mexico
could have been if the latter were possessed by France."
He says farther:
" It is very remarkable that, in our treaties with France,
the fisheries of Nocth America were made a stipulation of
extraordinary importance. The Minister of that Power con-
sidered the value of those fisheries, not so much in a com-
mercial point of view, but as essential in providing their
navy with that physical strength which would enable them
to cope with other nations.
u The policy of the French, from their first planting col-
onies in North America, insi&ts particularly on training sea-
men by means of these fisheries. In conducting their cod
fishery, one third, or at ieast one quarter, of the men em-
ployed in it were 1 green men,' or men who were never at
sea before; and by this trade they bred up from four thou-
sand to six thousand seamen annually."
This is the view which they take of the import-
ance of these men in France and in England to-
day; and an enlightened view of the subject ought
to lead us to treat them as of equal importance.
They are so in fact. In 1841, when war was ap-
prehended by France, M. Thiers called in the ser-
vices of the fishermen; and M. Rodet afterwards
remarked, " without the resources which were
found m the sailors engaged in the fisheries, the
expedition to Algiers could not have taken place.''
In reply tf> the assertion of the Senator from Ala-
bama, as to the effect of the bounties on the com-
mcrce of England, I will quote an authority of
some weight: *
" It is certain that, down to the tune of Elizabeth, the
foreign tiade ot England was in the control of German mer-
chants, and that tlicie had been no employment for many
or for large ships of the realm. British navigation increased
with the growth of the fisheries. Without the fleets mam-
tamed nt Iceland and Newfoundland, there would have
been neither ships nor seamen to execute the plans for the
colonization of New England, and of other parts of the con-
tinent, during the reigns of James and IJItarles."
I have already stated the view which was taken
of this matter in our early history. It is true, as
the Senator from Alabama stated, that Fisher
Ames did say in the House of Representatives,
that the taking of cod is a very momentous con-
cern. I quote the words; and when I quote them,
I do not confine my idea to the mere mechanical
act of talcing fish, but I look at its commercial rela-
tion; at its naval relation; I look at the prosperity
of the country, and its connection with that pros-
perity. Fisher Ames said in the same connection;
It forms a nursery for seamen, and this will be the
souiee iron) winch we are to derive maritime importance."
Mr. Grerry said in the same debate:
" 1 will not reiteiatc the arguments respecting the fish-
eries, it is well known to be the bestnursery for seamen."
Jeffeison, as Secretary of State, in his report,
1791, uses this language:
We have two nurseries for forming seamen.
" 1 Our coasting tiade. aheady on a safe footing.
"•2., Our fisheries, which, in spite of natural advantages,
give us just cause of anxiety."
After reviewing the condition of the fisheries,
their necessities "and importance, Mr. Jefferson
said,in 1791:
" It will rest, therefore, with the Legislature to decide
whether prohibition should not be opposed to prohibition,
and hi li dutv to lugli duty, on the fish of other nations;
whether any,"and which, of the naval and other duties may
lie remitted "or an equivalentgiven to fishermen, m the form
of drawback or bounties."
Mr. Jefferson uses this language in his message
of December 15, 1802:
" To cultivate peace, and maintain commerce and nav-
igation in all their lawful enterprises; to foster our fisheries
and nurseries of navigation, and for the nurture of man ;
* are the landmarks by which we are to guide ourselves
in all our proceedings."
The importance of these fisheries to-day is well
worthy of attention. It is our only school of
American seamen. Now, when we come to our
mercantile marine, when we come to our naval
masine, we find a state of things existing which
did not exist years ago. How is your mercantile
marine constituted to-day? The Senator from
Alabama asks; and, I confess, he asks with great
force, why not rely upon your commercial marine
in time' of war ? The Senator from Florida, not
now in his seat, [Mr. Mallort,] in a conference
with me, said that in our Navy more than two
thirds of the seamen were foreigners. In our com-
mercial marine the disproportion is still greater.
I think that furnishes a sufficient answer. We
cannot, we oujht not, as wise men we should not,
rely upon foreigners to protect the integrity of our
flag, and to support our rights, if we have a con-
troversy with a foreign naval Power. I think the
Senator from Alabama cannot fail to agree with
me on that point. Home, kindred, love of coun-
try, ought to stimulate the heart of the man who
protects his national flag. I do not believe there
is any Senator in this body who would consent
to the doctrine that the integrity of our flag and
the protection of our interests are to be intrusted
to foreigners. When more than two thirds of our
Navy is composed of foreigners, certainly it is
time for us to press an inquiry whether we may
not pursue some system that shall supplant them,
and shall put in their places American citizens.
In relation to your commercial marine, I assert
that the disproportion is still greater but in viola-
tion of law. Your law does not justify it. Our
fathers justified no such thing. They provided
that our commercial marine, even in the piping
times of peace, should not be intrusted to the
custodyand keeping of foreigners; but still, under
an abuse of that law, I affirm here to-day that a
vast majority of the sailors in our commercial
marine are foreigners. Let me read from a me-
morial which has been presented to the Senate at
this session for our consideration, signed by some
sixty American ship-masters who were at the port
of Havana, in Cuba. They say:
" The old class of American seamen, if not known to you,
is too evident to us, has become almost extinct. Our crews
are composed almost entirely of foreigners, frequently rep-
resenting as many different countries as their number, al-
though a majority of them are sailing under the guise of
American seamen."
That shows clearly and distinctly, I think, what
is the condition of your commercial marine. Be-
sides, your commercial marine is composed of en-
tirely a different class from your fishermen. Your
fishermen remain and reside at home; they have
homes. They fish for some eight or nine months
in the year, though the, law only requires four
months' fishigg to obtain the bounty; and then
they return to spend the remaining three or four
months with their families. They are American
citizens in the broadest sense of the word. They
Rave the love of home. Let me say here, in
passing, that they are not limited by the number
of men who are actually engaged to-day in the
fisheries, as the Senator from Alabama supposes.
He limits their number to thirteen or fourteen
thousand.
Mr. CLAY. The average is thirteen thousand.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is a mere matter of con-
jecture. My conjecture is greater, and it is based
upon the best authorities, not your Treasury De-
partment. They have no practical knowledge upon
the subject of the fisheries, and theiropinion is not
so good as that of a practical man. They estimate
the number at thirteen thousand. Now, I say the
best authorities put down one mail to six tons;
that would give you about seventeen thousand.
But I will not stop to talk about the number. As-
sume that it is thirteen or fourteen or seventeen
thousancl, if you please: the number engaged in
the fishe'ries to-day does not constitute the num-
ber of seamen educated in your fisheries by any
manner of means; because, first, there is a class
at home, on shore, curing the fish and taking care
of them, who alternate with the crews at s£a;
and then there are the crews, who go in this year,
and who go out next. You might, with just as
much propriety, give me the catalogue of any in-
stitution, and give me the list of a single year as
the number of graduates of that institution. It is
the number for the year, but they are continually
coming in, and thsy are continually going out.
They are going home to reside; they are going
into your commercial marine; they are perform-
ing the shore duties of the fishermen; and,! state
what I have no doubt is true—that, whatever may
be the number of the fishermen engaged to-day,
tliey are represented by at least thrice that num-
ber who have been educated, and who would con-
stitute a corps of seamen that would go into your
service in an emergency, as they did go in there
in the war of 1819, and as they did in the war of
the Revolution. It is therefore entirely fallacious
to make any estimate upon the number actually
engaged to-day; I think I am safe in saying that
it is not a third. I have not the slightest doubt
that there are fifty thousand able-bodied seamen
for the naval service in the States of Maine and
Massachusetts this day, who have been trained
in the fisheries.
I want to say a word here, in passing, in rela-
tion to square-rigged vessels and fore-and-aft ves-
sels, of which the Senator from Alabama spoke.
But because a seaman is not trained to sail in a
square-rigged vessel, it does not follow that he ia
not the best man in the world for a man-of-war.
Take a first-class frigate, and what constitutes her
crew? I think five hundred—fifty marines and
four hundred and fifty sailors. Those who are re-
quisite for managing the ship do not constitute
more than a third or a fourth part. Who are
the fighting men? Not the landsmen; they have
not got their sea legs on and are sea-sick. Not
your whalemen; they are three years away from
home. Not your commercial marine; they are
made up of foreigners, uncertain, fickle, improv-
ident, and in no way as reliable, and they have got
to remain by your commercial marine, as well in
time of war as in time of peace—not to the same
extent, but almost to the same extent.
Now, then, you have got this corps of fifty
thousand men. I say that is my estimate, and I
think I am not extravagant in it. How are you
f oing to educate that class of men any cheaper ?
f you can educate them any cheaper, do it. If
you can take them in as apprentices in your naval
school, if you can educate them cheaper, in any
other way, for naval purposes, do it; I for insist
as a prerequisite here, that the honor of our flag
is to be intrusted to" our own people in time of
war. I put the question simply as one of econ-
omy; I treat it as a question of commercial im-
portance, but I make the primary question one of
naval importance as a school for naval purposes.
Will you rely upon your commercial marine, con-
stituted to-day of the class of men I have stated ?
To show how that commercial marine is consti-
tuted, I will refer to an essay upon naval schools,
issued in 1846, in New York, and understood to
appear under the sanction of one having the best
means of information. It is there stated that out
of thirty-eight thousand five hundred and sixty-
four seamen shipped at the port of New York ill
one year, not two thousand were American sea-
men, and the British estimate the number em-
ployed in the foreign trade and whale fisheries of
the United States at thirty-five thousand, of whom
twenty-fourthousand and upwardsare foreigners.
With these facts before us, I insist that wise states-
men, men who take an elevated position intellect-
ually, who can rise above the smoke of their own
chimneys and their own localities, should come to
the conclusion that it is not safe, in time of war,
to repose upon either the mercantile marine or the
whale fisheries for a supply to our Navy.
Mr. President, I have endeavored to show the
importance of these men as a branch of the na-
tional defense. I now ask the attention of the Sen-
ate to another point, to show the necessity of aid
in order to maintain that branch. I affirm that
these fisheries are in truth and in fact so unde-
sirable as not to induce the entrance of persons
into them unless there is some protection afforded.
You cannot educate seamen as you can educate
soldiers in the Army. „There must be training,
there must be time; and there is therefore a ne-
cessity for keeping up this school, in a national
pointof view, as I have attempted to show. Now,
sir, I affirm, that if the bounties be taken away,
these fisheries will languish and die. I know that
the Senator from Alabama has made out his
tables, showing that they are very valuable. I
know, too, another class of men who understand
the matter better, who understand ail the lluctu-
