1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S0&
judicious legislation, for a self-supporting system,
both inland and foreign, and this can be effected
without increasing the rates of postage, by re-
forming the abuse of the franking privilege. The
reason why I do not propose it now, is precisely
the same reason as that for which I am not will-
ing to act upon the tariff, I am not willing to run
pell-mell into a system of legislation, at the heel
of the session, changing laws in appropriation
bills. But I am willing, in the regular mode of
legislation, to reform and revise the postal system,
foreign and inland,and to establish them upon a j
self-supporting basis. Having thus given my j
views, L will not now enlarge upon them. I have j
said this much because it was perhaps due to the i
position which I occupy, and because hints Have '
been thrown out from various quarters, coming,
too, from my own State, that I had the power hut
lacked the inclination to come to the relief of the
country, and was disposed to allcfta Congress to
adjourn without even expressing my sentiments
in regard to the amount of the loan now asked for.
The revulsion of the current fiscal year, I have
already remarked, was very sudden and unex-
pected. No man could foresee it in all its bear-
ings. Under our laws the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is required to report to Congress, each ses-
sion, the acts of the past, and to estimate for the
expenditures of the coming fiscal year. He is
required to render, an annual report to Congress,
of the expenditures and disbursements of the
Government,and to submit to Congress, at each ;
session, printed estimates in detail, of all expend- j
itures that will be required to carry on the Gov- j
ernment for the next fiscal year. Our Govern- 1
ment, from its very foundation, has looked for
revenue to a system of indirect taxation, by the
adjustment of a scale of duties on imports, known
as the tariff. Equity requires that we should, in
adjusting it, throw the burdens on property, and
exempt, as much as possible, the evil of capitation
taxation. Direct taxation would impose nearly
the whole burden upon the personal, real, and
mixed estate of the Confederacy, relieving pro-
duction and persons comparatively fiee, upon the
generally-recognized principle in free govern-
ment, that property shall bear (he burdens of
government as a consideration for the guarantees
of inviolability and protection. We should, then,
if we adopt the indirect-taxation system, adjust
it so as to throw its burden on property. The
tariff should discriminate with revenue for its ob-
ject; it should bear lightly on articles of necessity
—of genera! consumption—and heavily on luxu-
ries* and articles consumed by capitalists, or re-
quiring capital for their production. The revenue
of the country, under any tariff, neeessanly de-
pends mainly upon the crops and production gen-
erally, (I mean, of course, a safe, steady revenue,)
and our capacity for exporting these staples.
Steady exportation will increase importation, and
safely, too, in that ratio, and consequently en-
large the revenue by the receipt of imposts. Dis-
aster, however, is sure to follow the loss of their
eqmiibrum, as bitter experience is now teaching
us. Of late years, our imports have vastly ex-
ceeded the safe standard, both in quantity and
quality, and, thus engendering overtrading and a
bloated credit system, have brought us to a dead
halt. This apparently overflow of means has led
the Government into a scale of expenditures
which never would have been brought about if it
had not been for the great apparent prosperity of
the country.
In this condition of things, the Secretary of the
Treasury has been compelled to submit his esti-
mates to Congress, based upon the condition of
trade for the last twelve months—he must calcu-
late for the future. Amid the existing fluctuations
of trade, the derangement of currency, and a hun-
dred other perplexities arising out of the panic
we have just passed through, it was impossible
for human foresight to prepare for all contingen-
cies. He asked at the opening of the session for
^20,000,000. He asked for thatamount m Tieas-
ury'notes, and not as a permanent loan, because
lie hoped that trade would revive and sufficient
revenue flow into the Treasury to supersede the
necessity of relying upon anything but the cur-
rent leceipts to provide for the current expendi-
tures of the Government-—a temporary credit re-
lieving a temporary icvulsion. He hoped that,
in another quarter, trade would revive to such an
extent as to enable him to say to the country that
he wanted no more money outside of the receipts.
Money was plenty in the country, and, being
only panic-stricken, it was supposed the paralysis
would be temporary. That hope has been dis-
appointed; not in the abundance of money, the
crops, nor exports, but in the revivaltof trade.
The statements 1 will lay before the House will
show that not only has trade not revived, but that
it has fallen off; and that, while the revenue has
been diminishing for the last three quarters, the
expenditures have been increased by the Utah
war, and the demand for payment of debts in-
curred when the Treasury was full. It has thus
become the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury
to bring these facts to our attention, and to ask for
this additional loan. In his estimates presented
at the opening of the session, he did not include
or anticipate the appropriations of $10,000,000 of
deficiencies, which became necessary to be sup-
plied to the Utah expedition
In submitting his letter asking for this loan,
with the estimates, &c., all of which I will have
read, you will perceive that he states that he has
called upon the several Departments of the Gov-
ernment to ascertain the probable expenditures for
the portion of the next fiscal year commencing
with July and ending wit}/December, and the
result has been, that the amount required will be
$37,000,000. k/
This loan bill has been kept back by me in order
to see what provision would be necessary, in view
of the appropriation bills, and other bills requiring
money which might pass Congress. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury estimates the receipts from
customs and other services for the two quarters of
the next fiscal year, at #25,000,000. This, added
to a loan of $15,000,000, would give $40,000,000
to meet $37,000,000 of expenditures; but that
$37,000,000 is based upon the estimates of the
Department, exclusive of any appropriation made
by Congress in the way of private bills, or in-
creased appropriations beyond the estimates of
the Department. It is for the purpose of ascer-
taining what the difference may be that the loan
bill has been held back by me; but inasmuch as
the House is so far in advance of the Senate, I
think it proper to submit the bill in the form in
which it originated in the Committee of Ways
and Means. It authorizes §15,000,000 to be bor-
rowed on the crcdit of the Government for fifteen
years. If it passes this House, it will then go to
the Senate, and between this time and the action
of the Senate, the appropriation bills beingpassed,
the accounting officers of the Treasury will be
enabled to ascertain very nearly thenmount which
will be required: whatever above fifteen million
dollars it reaches, will be sent to us as an amend-
ment, and when it comes here, it will be under-
stood that the increase is demanded to meet the
requisition of our recent legislation. I send to
the Clerk to be read, the letter of the Secretary
on the subject.
The Clcik lead as follows:
TREASI'RY Departmcnt, May 19. 1838.
Sir: In mow of the eaily adjournment. I desire to call
the attention of Confess to tlie piesent condition of tue
finances of the Government.
In usv annual report i estimated that there would he a
balance in the Treasury, at the end of the present fiscal
year, of $126,875 67, which would have p-tpmed a deficien-
cy in our resources of £,">.000,000 to bo provided for; a-, that
amount w neeessarj , at all times, to be in the Tiea&ury lor us
piompt anil successful opeiation. This estimate was based
upon an expenditure limited to the appropuanon then au-
tnouzed bv law. 6inee that time the demands upon the
Treasury for the present fiscal year have been increased by
legislation to an amount not tar below £10,000,000. An-
other important element of that estimate wa> the probable
leceipts fiom customs and other soutces dining the then
three remaining quarters of the fiscal year.
The actual receipts for that period, it is now believed,
will fall $10,000,000 below that estimate: attributable to the
fact that the trade and business of the country have not re-
covered as rapidly from the effects of the late revulsion as
was then anticipated.
Owing lo these cause?, the $20,000,000 loan of Treasury
notes authorized by the act of December 23, 1857, will be
exhausted in supplying the deficiencies in the Treasury for
the present fiscal year.
We shall commence the next fweal year dependent en-
tiiely upon the current receipts into the Tieasury to meet
all demands fiom it.
In reply lo a call upon the head-* ot the different Depart-^
ments. I "have received otftcinS information that the tam ot
«37,000,000 will be probably called for durms the firt-t two
quartet* of the next fiscal vear. This sum does net include
such amounts as may be appropriated by Congress over and
above the estimates submitted to them by the Depaitments,
and I have no data upon which to estimate tor such expend-
itures. ITpon this point Congress is better able to form a
coirect opinion than 1 am. ... ,
To meet these expenditures, it is not prudent to rely
upon receipts into the Treasury, estimated upon the too
rapid revival of trade and business. I believe that we may
safely calculate upon receipts, during that period, from all
sources, of $25,000,000. Looking to ellis state of'things, I
recommend that authouty to be <?tven to this Department
to supply any deficiencies thft may arise in meeting the
demands upon the Treasury by an additional loan not ex-
ceeding §15,000,000.
In view of the amount of Treasury notes already issued,
X recommend a loan for that amount, to be negotiated for
a period of not more than ten years, at a rate of interest not
exceeding six*per centum.
I have confirmed this inquiry to the two first quarters of
the next fi?eal year, as Congress will reassemble before
the close of the second quarter, to provide for future con-
tingencies that cannot now be foreseen.
J do not iccommend any measure for increased taxation.
Ft would !)►■ unwise at this time to attempt a modification
of the tariff act of March 3,1857, for the reasons given in
my annual report to Congress. Sufficient time has not
elapsed to test the effects of that act upon the revenue,
considering the condition of the countjy during the period
of its operation. In addition to {Ins consideiatton, neither
the receipt.- nor the expenditures of the Government should
be e-timated for in the future, upon the basis of its present
receipts and expenditures The former have been, and still
are, too seriously affected by the late revulsion, to justify
a policy of legislation based upon a probable continuance
of things for any considerable period of time.
The latter have been so greatly increased by causes of a
like tempotary character as to preclude, with equal pro-
priety, the policy of considering them as a ba-i'-s for estima-
ting future expenditures. The most prominentof these tem-
porary causes is the Utah expedition, which, it is hoped, will
not reach beyond the end of the next fiscal jear. During
the peiiod of an overflowing Treasury, a system of expend-
iture was inaugurated in the building of custom-houses,
post offices, court houses, and other public works, which,
lortunateiy for the country, has been checked by .the ex-
hausted condition of the Treasury. The time thus given
for a more thorough and rigid inquiry into the necessity and
piopriety of these expenditures, it is confidently believed,
will lead to wise and salutary reforms. Retrenchments in
other branches of the public service can, and I have no
doubt will, be effected. Attention should be directed more
to the reduction of expenditures than to an increase of tax-
ation, to remedy the evils of an excess of expenditures over
the means of the Government. A full Tiea-ury is an un-
propitioua element in the woik of letienchment and reform.
If measuies should be now adopted to provide theTreasuiy
permanently with a sum equal to the present demands upon,
it, it might relieve the Government from some of its embar-
rassments, but would greatly weaken the effort to restrain
the Government to an economical expenditure of the public
money.
j The revival of business, which cannot be much longer
delayed, will. I am confident, insure from the present tariff
i a sufficient revenue l'or the suppoit of the Government in
1 ordmaiy times.
;; Extiaordmaiy expense* rendered necessary by causes
I ■ equally extiaordmai v. always being of a tempoiary charac-
\ ter. should be piovided tor a like temporary manner.
Tins principle is too plain to require argument or illus-
i: nation ; it is only necessary to cili attention to it to com-
mand the approval of every intelligent mind.
I am, very respectfully, HOWELL COBB,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Jamfs L. Orr,
Speaker of (he Home of Representatives.
Mr. ,T. GLAN-CY JONES. I submit, also,
an estimate and tabular statement, showing the
' amount of the public debt on the 21st of May,
185S. It will be seen that the $15,000,000 loan
is made payable at the end of fifteen years, so
that the bonds may fall due beyond the day on
which the present funded debt falls due:
Statement showing the amount of the Public Debt on the 21st
of May. I838.
Jimidnt. When redeemable.
. .-j'^,8^ 3>14 41 ... I Wetnber 31,1862.
7,6'JO 00 November 1:2,1856.
_ .. 00.... January 1, 1868.
Loan of 3t43  8,91)^.311 S).... Julv 1. 1868.
Texas indemnity .... 3.4^1,1100 00... .January 1, 1865.
Texas debt  '261,972 83....On presentation.
Old funded and un-
funded debt  114,118 54....On presentation.
Tieasury notes   107.961 00.... Oil presentation.
$25,157,038 27
Loans. <5,'c.
Loan of 181-2...
Loan of If lu...
Loan of1S47
| This public debt, amounting to upwards of
1 twenty-five millon dollars, all falls due between
i the present time and the year 1868. The present
loan is purposed to be made for fifteen years,
which will be five years beyond the period when
our present public debt falls due.
The following is a statement of the Treasury
notes issued under the actof 23d December, 1857:
Treasury Notes under act 23d December, 1857.
First issue, $6,000,000, redeemable from 26th December,
1858. to 31st December, 1859 ; second issue, $5,000,000, re-
! deeinablc from 15th March, 1859, to 6th April, 1859 third
i issue, 35.000,000. redeemable from 11th May, 1859, to
1 ; fourth issue, $1,000,000, redeemable from
I June, 1859, to ; making $20,000,000.
I have thus given an exhibit of the public debt
up to the 21st of May, 1858.
I have also a statement of the receipts into the
Treasury for the first three quarters of the fiscal
