910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
them nt too high prices, you will have hundreds
of men coming here from n distance of five hun-
dred or a thousand miles', and demanding of their
members hi ihe Mouse thai these positions shall
be-secured to them, not for the services they are :
to render, but fur pohtnal services which they
have already rendered. U is for this reason that
these officers obtain their positions, and not for
the labors they are to perform, or the duties they
are to discharge.
- Mr. BLISS. In relation to this point upon
which the gentleman is speaking, I desire to ask
him to state to the House the prices that these
elevks and other officers have heretofoie received,
and the changes which it is proposed to make by
this hill. Some of us here do not understand it.
Mr. MASON. The Clerk which the House
elects receives, under this bill, just what he did
before—$3,GOO a year. The first and second clerks
receive just what they did under the law of 1S.">4
—$2,lf)0 each; and it gives to five other clerks
just what they have been receiving—$l,800oach. I
We then give them three miscellaneous clerks, at j
$1,400 each, per annum: and we give them four ;
copying clerks, at $1,200 each. j
Now, the question is, whether these are salaries j
which will command the services of fair, compe- j
tent men, who will discharge the duties attaching j
to the respective offices^ if they are, then is it '
necessary to raise them any higher; and if so, for ;
what puipose?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Idesiretoknow whether ,
these three $1,4^0 clerks, and the four $1,200
clerks^ are an increased force; and, if not, whether ,
the salary is inn eased 5 Have we these officers j
now, or uoes this bill create them? !
Mr. MASON. 1 will explain. Some years |
ago, m the Clerk's office, there used to be a few
clerks, and a good many messengers, at $2 50 per \
. day. Some of these messengers pei formed cler- ■
ical duties. In the course of time, this latter class :
grew into clerks, with salaries at diffeient prices,
ivow, sir, we have provided for a number of offi-
cers, sufficient to perform the duties to be per-
formed, at salaries quite sufficient to command
the services of fair, honest, and competent men—
men who would be glad to obtain the positions
in order to obtain a living. Now, sn , the clei ical
force which we have piovided is ample to cany
on the business of the clerk's office. No man who
'tlas any knowledge of the subject will deny it.
It may be well enough to postpone the time when
the bill shall take effect until the next session of
Confess. It may be necessaiyat the close of
the session for (be Cleik of the House to obtain
some additional cierical services, for the purpose
of completing the index, and ill bringing up the
business of the session; and it may be we II enough
for a few days' labor to be authonzcd at the close
of lhe session.
i see that my fnend over the way has off red
an amendment to increase ihe salaiies of the first
and second cleiks to $2,500 per annum. Now,
sir, it has been urged that salai les should be raised
in particular instances for the purpose of contin-
uing the sei vices of particular officers who have
bcoi found to be competent. Now, sir, the effect
of raising ihese salaries is to turn these men out
of their offices. Their superior officers will turn
- them out, and put men in their places who come
here and demand the places as perquisites for po-
litical services, and who will be found not to be
qualifn d to disehaigc the duties attaching to the
offices. Then ft will become necessary tor them
to employ the old clerks to do the work at half
the salary.
I snv t<> gentlemen: If you have friends here
oral home, who need money oi \v an t help, m the
name of God, give it to them, hut do not inter-
fere with the regular duties of the House. I ask
the House to let us put the matter m such a shape
that the business of the House will be done.
1 recollect, some years ago, there was a little
messenger at $2 .50 per day in the library. He
had an almanac memory, and could remember
where every book was. He was very useful in
his place; and members having some feeling for
him, raised his salary to $1,500, and (he next time
a Cleik of lite House was elected, this man was
turned out ol lus ■jl ,500 place, and anothei man
was put iheie who could not remember the name
ol a book, and the place has been a sinecure fiom
that day to tins. ! venture to say that i never
saw the Librarian of the House of Representa-
I lives, although I have had occasion frequently to
- refer to acts of Congress, and resolutions, and
orders of the House; not do I know thai I could
tell the clerk of the Librarian. The Librarian's
: place is a sinee.ute; you might us well give him
< $1,800 a year for doing no tiling. A nd, go , t his af-
foids inefjagable evidence of what takes place in
these positions when the salaries are increased be-
yond the sum necessary to secure the serviec of
useful men. The successor of the Cleik during
whose term the increase was made, finding places
1 commanding a salary of §1,400 or $1,800 a year,
appoints those who are prominent political fi tends,
above the discharge of the duties of their offices. I
will relate an anecdote which was told nie: A gen-
tleman from Mainecame to Washington,and while
in the city \ isited a citizen of ins own iSt.ile, who
■ was in one of the Depai tments holdingaelei kslup.
' He inquired how his friend was getting along?
1 " Badly," was the reply,'{ for by the time 1 have
' paid for board and the services of the tailor,
washerwoman, &c., and then thirty dollars the
; month for a fellow to do my woik, I have not
1 enough left out of the salary of $100 a month to
: take a buggy ride." [Laughter.] He could stand
' every chaige except that of the thirty dollars a
| month for " a fellow to do his work.*'
Put the salaries of the subordinate places up
! to a higher figure, and they will attract o'li-.-e hunt-
eis from all sections of the countiy; ami those
who are appointed will get fellows.to discharge
; their duties, and will, in the end, probabiy get the
House to pay for these substitutes bes'd<-s. Take
an instance: A resolution was passed auilionzing
the Postmaster of this House to employ four
. persons as mail messengers, at a salary of 50
a day. This price at the time was doomed amply
sufficient. These men learned the avenues and
streets of Georgetown and Washington, and
. promptly and accurately discharged their duties.
I Members got their mails as soon as possible after
■ ! their arrival in the city The salaries of these
|; mail-messengers wore raised to $1,440 a year each,
j' Immediately, applicants for those places were at-
tracted from various sections of the Union, and
[' men obtained them who knew noth ing of the city,
its a venues, or its streets. They got ubo* e handling
; documents and the mails of the House, and five
mail boys were voted to them. Instead of paying
j these little follows who discharge their ibu ses, they
, are saved the expense, by having them paid by
i the House, out of the contingent fund. You might
\[ as well pay these men fordoing nothing. If you
want such offioeis to dischaige nominal duties,
I why not station them in the old Hall. Leathern
be compelled to attend there in a bode,and listen
to the essay? on every imaginable subject which,
,, hour after hour and day after day consume the
jl time of this House. [Laughter.] Their places
would then no longer be sinecures, for if ihey
1 were bored with the lectures on slaveiy, Aboli-
' ttonism, Mortnomsm, and like subjects, as we are
I almost daily, few would denv that they earned
then money. ^Renewed laughter.]
: Mr. Speakei, the committee have laboied dil-
'' lgenily at the investigation which was confided t'o
' them. Their conclusion is that the employes of
,1 this House should be fi.ied m number, and naid
i: according to the service icndered. We do not
!| object to a fair and liberal compensation to those
i, who perform the duties of the offices; hut we do
i' object to that extravagant increase ofsalaues that
, attracts applicants here by hundreds and thou-
sands at each session of Congress. So numerous
have these applicants grown at tin* day that mem-
, bers are unable to remain at their room-; without
mcess.int annoyance by these parties. The mem-
, bers of the other *>ide had their siiaie of tins an-
noyance at the last session. And, sir, whv should
not these places be reduced to the service required
with a fair salary attached to them: Why not
get rid of this annoying patronage which ts'ofso
much annoyance to us all?
The Dooi keeper of this House gives it as a
reason why the best pages are not employed in
the House, that he has to take those which are
' forced upon him by members. He cannot say
■ whether they are smart and activc and capable.
Some come heie fiom other cities, who know
nothing of Washington. They do not know that
it is their business to go to rnembei's houses and
to the committee rooms; and most of them who
, are here could not, if sent on a message, piobably
h find their way to either. It is not their fault. "I
am not against the boys. They are fine, sprightly,
little fellows. They have not yet been taught what
they ought to do. Som^df them, brought fiom
other cities, probably never will leai n, before their
successors are appointed, what they ought to
know.
Those members of the committee who were
charged with the investigation of this matter, con-
cluded thattbey would nulhori/o the employment
of twenty pages—double the number that I sup-
posed would be necessary; for, according to my
expeuence, when you get one boy you have a
boy; when you get two, you have half a boy;
and when you get three boys, you have no boy
at all, for they go to playing. [Laughter. J I have
no objection, however, to mcieasing the number
of pages at two dollars a day. But the messen-
gers arc to have, by this bill, three dollats a day..*
There are now fourteen of them, permanently
employed,'"at ninety dollars per month, all the
year round; and you can get plenty of men,
during the session of Congress, to perform these
duties temporarily at three dollars a day.
But, Mr. Speaker, the Committee of Accounts,
in reporting this bill, sought to accommodate the
House, to some extent, in the desire which has
been evinced here for economy. The House
passed a resolution in favor of economy, some
time since, almost unanimously, showing that
membeis were nearly all in favor of being set
down on the yeas and nays as in favor of econ-
omy. We want now to give them a fair chance
! of carrying their theoretical notions into practical
I effect. I know that the kindness of many gentle-
b men here—I mean what they call kindness—to-
wards these employes, will inducc some of them,
;! for the present, at least, not to carry those theo-
retical notions into effect. I have some friends
1^ here myself, and I wish them all possible success,
and a large share of the goods of this world; but
i the House required us to put this matter on a
: proper footing, and we have tried to do it, le-
! gardless whether it affects one employe oranother.
: You will find plenty of men who will be willing
I to perform the duties of messengers for three dol-
! lars a day, or for ninety dollats a month.
| Now, there are some gentlemen who will prob-
' ably oppose this bill, who are not willing to give
' the poor old soldier, who is tottering to the grave,
thirty cents a day to keep him out of the poor-
house. You pay each of these messengers here
three dollars a day, which would provide for ten
j of those poor old soldiers who have done good
seivice heretofore in defense of the country; and
yet you will not give these poor old soldiers
! enough to keep them out of the poor-house!
■ Now, sir, there are other matters of reforma-
tion needed, not only about this House, but in
!; othcrdepartments of the Government. The Com-
[, mittee of Accounts have taken on themselves to
i. discharge what they conceive to be their duty in
!, their department. 1 hope the Military Commtt-
I; tee, and the Naval Committee, and the Commit-
j, tee on Expenditures, and ail the other committees
will set their departments to rights. Iftbey wdldo
i; that, I will say, with all due deference to the chatr-
|; man of the Committee on Military Affairs, there
, I will be plenty of money to spare to pay all the poor
|: old soldiers of the country. Let us do these offi-
i cers justice, and give them fair pay and compcn-
: sation for aH the dudes they have to perform; that
,I is ail we propose; and there is no probability that
'i there will be a stampede of the officers of this
|l House, if this bill should go into operation to-mor-
row. But, as I remarked before, if gentlemen
think this unfair, and that the bill should not go
'■ into operation until the commencement of next
< session, i have no objection. The gentleman from
II New Yoik, [Mr. Spixxlk,] who is a member of
the committee, proposes to offer an amendment to
,, that effect, and I have no objection to it,although I
; do not conceive that any of these officers have any
j; vested rights in their salaries. They are subject
to be turned out at any hour by their superiors.
! In the judgment of the majority of the committee,
!' these changes ought to go into operation at once;
but it is for the House to say whethei they shall
!; do so or not. I hope the bill will be put upon its
passage.
i, Mr. SPINNER. I move to amend the bill by
adding to it the following:
; | JlvJ he it further enacted % That the reduction m the corn-
, palatum of any of the; employJs mentioned ui tin?- act -hall
!i commence on the l*t day of December next; and that ail
