1858.
the congressional
109t
> pie precisely as we regard the military school at
West Point, and the naval school at Annapolis.
You cannot have an army of officers without men.
You cannot have an array of men without officers.
The two are reciprocal, they must go together.
The Senator from Alabama has said that this
•whole system is unjust, and because it wag un-
equal it was unconstitutional.
Mr. CLAY. I said because it was unjust.
Mr. HAMLIN. Because it was unequal and
unjust both.
Mr. CLAY. Look at the speech.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have the speech here. I
suopose the Senator finds no trouble in voting for
appropriations to supply the military and naval
scaools annually. I think he voted yesterday for
an appropriation for the school at West Point. I
did it. What does it do ? It educates oflicerafter
officer, until you have got one officer to how many
men—ten? I saw an estimate the other day; I
have forgotten the proportion.
Mr. WILSON. Otle to thirteen.
Mr. HAMLIN. One officer to thirteen men. I
do not complain of it, because they are a corps to
be used when an emergency shall call for them.
You have established a school at Annapolis for
the purpose of educating your naval officers pre-
cisely on the same principle. What have you got
there ? Let me see for a single moment. I ad-
dressed a note to the Secretary of the Navy a few
days since, for the purpose of knowing how many
vessels we had and how many officers would be
required to man them. He says we have one hun-
dred and two captains, one hundred and twenty-
six commanders, and three hundred and seventy-
three lieutenants. What does he say is the re-
quisite number to man all the vessels we have:
" For the above ships, it will require twenty-one cap-
tains"—
we have one hundred and two—
—" twenty-three commanders"-—
we have one hundred and twenty-six—
—" two hundred and thirty-seven lieutenants*
you have three hundred and seventy-three. Now,
what is the theory; what is the reason? It is
precisely the same theory applied to the Navy
that you apply to the Army. You call your Army
a skeleton Army. You do not want to keep up a
war establishment in time of peace. You there-
fore educate, in time of peace, a larger number
of officers than are requisite, to have them as a
reserve corps in time of war. You do precisely
the same in the Navy. In my judgment, it is
wise. If you read your naval register, you will
find almost page after page of officers " on shore
waiting orders." I know you do not impose any
such condition upon the fishermen; but it is just
as true literally that they are waiting orders as it
is of your naval officers, and there is not a particle
of difference between the two. They have volun-
teered in every war you ever had as the only men
who could volunteer, and they will do it again
whenever their country asks them. Your naval
officers are on shore waiting orders, and your sea-
men are waiting orders; and that is the only dif-
ference between the two cases. The Senator finds
no difficulty in voting for these schools; but this
is horridly unjust; it is unequal, and even uncon-
stitutional ! What is the expense of these schools?
We yesterday passed the annual appropriation bill
for the Military Academy, appropriating$182,824.
A statement before me from the Navy Department
shows the annual expense of the Naval Academy
to be $112,667. '
The Senator from Alabama objects to the fish-
ing bounty law as unequal.. Why, sir, it is a gen-
eral law; itis as broad as the Union. The Senator
from Alabama may tell me truly that his State
does not participate in it. Granted; buthowdoes
that affect the point? The law which regulates
the rates of postage and collects the revenue, for
the purpose of paying for the transmission of
mails, is no, more and no less a general law than
this in relation to fisheries; and, if there be force
in the Senator's argument, while it may not apply
in as strong a decree, in point of fact it applies
precisely with the same force to the Post Office
laws. The northern States pay more than the ex-
penses of their mails, and contribute that amount
to the support of mails in the South. In 1850 the
total postage collected in the southern States was
§1,040,800 24, and the expense of transportation,
$1,496,,156 50; while, in the northern States, the
postage collected was $2,975,852 19, and the ex-
pense of transportation, §1,427,822 63. In 1855 the
total postage collected in the southern States was
#1,553,198; the cost of transportation, $2,885,953;
while in the northern States the postage Was
$4,670,725, and the transportation,$2,603,295. In
1857 the receipts wer« at the South $1,672,856 78,
and the cost of the service, $2,329,239; while in
the North the receipts were §5,498,303 12, and
the eost of service, §4,095,267. In 1855 Maine
contributed §151,358 to the Post Office revenues,
and eost §82,218; while Alabama cost $226,816,
and contributed §104,514.
I make no complaint of this; but I only use it
as an illustration, for the purpose of showing that
any general law, in its application, may draw
from ono section of the country a portion of the
revenue to carry out the system in another. The
Senator's own State shows a deficiency in the Post
Office revenue of about one hundred and twenty
thousand dollars annually; and I contribute very
cheerfully, whether it be by direct appropriation
or in any other way, to supply the deficit in order
to carry out a general system. The Post Office
law is no more general, no more applicable to ail,
than this other law. In the one case the fisheries
happen to be local, although connected with the
commerce and Navy of the country, and they are
in their importance as national as though they
spread all along the coast.
Another word, sir. I have taken some pains
to examine, from a paper which has been very
kindly presented to me by a friend who has re-
sided on the Pacific coast, the fisheries in those
waters, and I have arrived at the conclusion that
precisely the same state of things which exist on
that coast exist on the Atlantic coast; and I have
not a doubt that, for the purpose of raising a corps
of seamen there, the application of this law is as
wise for the Pacific coast as'for the coast of the
Atlantic. Nor have I a doubt that, when they
come to examine it carefully, they will find it as
necessary there as it is here, as wise there as it ia
here, and wise in both instances.
I regret, Mr. President, that I have detained
the Senate so long as I.have. I have felt a deep
concern in this matter, which arises from the in-
terest which belongs to the people whom I rep-
resent, without which I probably should not have
trespassed at all on the patience or the attention
of the Senate. There are a great many collateral
points to which I would gladly allude, but I leave
this question here in the hope that no narrow view
will be taken of it by the Senate, that they will
examine it in a comprehensive, and in an enlight-
ened manner. If they come to the conclusion that
it is not wise, it is not best, to nurture a class of
seamen for naval purposes in time of war, I have
only to say that we must submit. I hope this will
result as all similar efforts have resulted, for they
have often been made and always failed; but still
if they shall come to that conclusion, then I ask,
do not strike them down at once. As a matter of
mere justice, as a matter of mere equality, do
not prostrate this branch of industry which has
grown up under your fostering care, by the invi-
tation of your laws; do not strike it down at once,
but give at least a fair opportunity to go out of
that service into which these men have been in-
duced to g6 by the legislation of the General Gov-
ernment.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 6, 1858.
• The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
CAtL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not believe there is
a quorum here, and I therefore move that there
be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain
whether there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to count the
members present, and announced that there were
only forty-nine.
Mr. Crawford's motion was then agreed to.
So it was ordered that there be a call of the
House.
The roll was accordingly called, and afterwards
the names of the absentees on the first call were
called over, when the following members failed
to answer to their npmes:
Messrs. Adrain, Alii, Arnold. Avery, UiHinghurst, Blair,
Bocoek, Bonliam, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Burns, Bur-
roughs, Camphnll, Caruthers, Chapman, Ezra Cl^rk. Hor-
ace F. Clark, John B. Clark, Clark B. Cochrane, Ooekeritl,
Corning, Covode, Cox, jDamrell, Davis of Mississippi,
Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dimmick, Dodd, Dowifeil,
fiurfee, Edie, Elliott, English, Eustis, Florence, Gillis, Gil-
man, Gooch, Granger, Groesbeck, Grow, Lawrence W.
Hall. J. Morrison Harris, Hill, Hopkins, Horton, Houston,
Hvighra, Buyler. Jenkins, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kellogg,
Kelly, Kil'^ore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel; Lawrence, Leidy,
Maelay, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall. Miles,
Miller, Millson, Montgomery, Moore, Morrill, Oliver A.
Morse, Murray, Pendleton, Pettit, Pottle, Purviance, Quit-
man, Ready, Reagan, Kobbins, Roberts, Sandidge, Savage,
Scott, Searing, Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Shorter,
Sickles, Singleton, Spinner, Stallworth, Talbot, Tappan,
George Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Underwood, Ward,
Warren, Watkins, Whiteiey, Wilson, Winsiow, Wood, and
Wortendyke,
During the call of the roll,
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, stated that Mr.
Billinxjhurst was in attendance on the Judiciary
Committee. *
Mr. McQJJEEN stated that Mr. Bonham was
absent from the city, and had paired off.
A quorum (one hundred and twenty-two mem-
bers) having- appeared,
Mr. CRAWFORD moved: that ali further pro-
ceedings under the call be suspended.
The motion was agreed to.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and'
approved.
TRIAL OF WILLIAM WALKER.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I ask the unan 
imous consent of the House to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to consider
whether William Walker and his followers, recently seized
by the naval forces of the United States within the territo-
rial limits of the Republic of Nicaragua, and brought back
to the tluited States, can be tried under indictments found
against them in the courts of the United States, for offenses
alleged to have been committed by them in the United States
prior to the said seizure as aforesaid, without a violation of
the principles heretofore recognized and acted on by the
Government of the United States in its puttie pokey; and
that he be also requested to consider whether such trial of
the said William Walker and his followers, with the per-
mission, and by the authority of the Executive, will not be
likely to give rise to embarrassments and difficulties in the
future management of various questions necessarily con-
nected with our relations with other countries.
Mr. KELSEY. I object.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL,
The SPEAKER stated that the business first in
order was the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
201) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of Government
for the year ending the 30th of June,1859, reported
yesterday from the Committee of the Whole on,
the state of the Union, with sundry amendments.
Mr. SEWARD. Has the previous question
been ordered on that bill? *
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, I move to reconsider
the vote by which it was ordered, unless the gen-
tleman having charge of this bill will allow the
amendment put in yesterday, to give Mr. Rives
the binding of the Globe, to be stricken out. Un-
der the joint resolution of 1846, that duty was
devolved upon the Clerk, and he gave bond and
security for the discharge of that duty, and has'
taken incipient means to carry it out. The amend-
ment changes the existing law, and I want to get
it out of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The" object which the gen-
tleman has in view can be accomplished, if the
House concurs with him, by voting down the
mendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I accept the suggestion of
the Chair, and withdraw the motion to recon-
sider. \
The first amendment reported by the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union waa
then read, as follows:
Page 6, line one hundred and twenty-nine, strike out the
word "seventy" and insert "sixty-threeand at the end
of line one hundied and thirtv, insert the following after the
word " delivered "Jlnd provided further, That the work
shall be done by the publisher of the CHobe, and delivered
within ninety days after the adjournment of the session of
Congress so that the clause will read :
For binding twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix for each member ami delegate of the second
session Thirty-Fifth Congress, $8,097 60: Provided, That
no greater price shall be paid for the same than sixty-three
