1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
\ tlio remaining piovision** fhall take effect at tlic end of the
v uioniii i'i whteli tlu." act "hall become a law.
; " Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I move to lay that
[ anvudnn-nt upon the fable.
* Mi. SPINNER. What would be the effect of
that motion '
The SPEAKER. It would carry the bill with
it.
') Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I withdraw the mo-
tion. _ •
Mr. SPINNER. Although I agree in tho gen-
eral provisions of tho hill as repo< ted by the com-
mittee, still 1 gave notice to tho committee that I
shouM offer the amendment weich I have sent up.
I Hunk n due in ("'iiincss to (hose employes who
have come hero, some of them ftom a great dis-
tance, that they should not be cut off instantly.
1 think they should he allowed to complete then-
terms of office, and then let the provisions of this
bill go Into operation.
Mr. WARREN. It is not my purpose, Mr.
Speaker, to enter into anything like a lengthy ar-
gument in regaid to the proposition before the
House. I desire simply to enter my protest
against some positions taken by the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mason.] I have
no hesitancy, however, in saying that i am op-
posed to the bill as reported by this committee.
But before I give anyattention at all to the bill, I
desire to notice a suggestion which fell from the
lips of that gentleman, simply because 1 am not
willing thata sentimentof such a charactershouid
go foith fioni the Congiess of the United States
to till; people of this-country.
The gentleman tells you that, in order to get
incompetent, inefficient men into position, it is but
necessary to increase the salaries attached to their
offices. Now, it lias been held in the country
from which 1 hail, and 1 have understood it to be
the policy of the country generally, that if you
want to get efficient, competent men to discharge
the duties of any position, you must give them
something like adequate compensation. Tiiat
gentleman, however, tells you that,as to positions
here, under the Fedeial Government, if you want
to have them filled by inefficient men, you must
give them adequate pay — 1 mean high pay. That
is a new doctune. It may attach to the State of
Kentucky, but I am sure it cannot attach to any
other place than Kentucky,
Mr. MASON. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct hitu ' I satd " extravagant pay."
Mr. WARREN. Well,extravagant, if ihe gen-
tleman prefers it. I hold this to be the truth—and
the history of all States and ail eoun'i ies sustains
me in the declatation —that the highci the pay, the
more efficient ollicer you can get to dischaigethe
duties. Hi nee, I hesitate not to announce that,
if I had been in the Thirty-Foui th Congress, I
would have voted for the bill increasing the com-
pensation of memheis. Doubtless, if the gentle-
man from Kentucky had been here, he. too, would
have voted for that bill. And yet, sir, while we
would increase our pay, and while we aie all will-
ing to increase the pay of functionaries of the (Gov-
ernment, we would now strike—at whom ? Strike
at those whose very breadjjepends upon the little
salary they get for the peifoimance of their ar-
duous duties—inoie arduous duties than we and
higher functionaries perform.
Now, if the gentleman is really sincere about
this system of retrenchment and reioim, I am
willing to go with him and other gentlemen m
their efforts, and go as far as lie who goes fur-
thest. Let him go around and see the committee
rooms,and notice the gorgeous manner in which
they are furnished. Let him see the clerks em-
ployed by committees, at four dollars per day,
and not a single thing to do. Let him strike at
them, and not at the little boys on this floor, many
of whom are sustaining their widowed mothers,
and their little orphan brothers and sisters. Strike
at a man who is able to live within hiirtselt, if you
are for retrenchment and reform. Hut now you
strike, bv this bill, at those suboidmatc offices
that are filled by poor men, and poor men's chil-
dren, and widows' children; and some of them aie
to be turned off, and others to have their salaries
reduced so low that they will not be able to pay
their board, much less help to support their wid-
owed mothers and orphan brothers and sisteis.
Mr. RUFFIN. I wish to remind the gentle-
man that the committee does not propose to de-
crease the pay of pages. They propose to leave
their salaries at two dollars a day, and, instead j
h of decteasing, to increase their number. i
Mi. WARREN. The position I take is right, i
If gentlemen wish it to go from the American Con-
gress that they aie in favor of retrenchmentand re- !
form; that they aie in favor of strict economy, let \
them strike at what will pay. Now, sir, suppose j
that forty or fifty or one hundred thousand dollars j
would be saved by this bill, what is that in coin- 1
parison with the enoi mous amount of money ex- j
peuded by this Government in the pavment of va- i
nous sinecures, and of thousands of officers whom i
you might possibly call inefficient, and who have j
! been ptomoied simply because they have been ;
i'puffed' I say, let us si \ ike at the proper pla< e;
j; let usget up a sysiem of retrenchment and refoi m. |
i; I dm as much m favor of that as anybody; but I i
am in favor of beginning at the light place. Let I
us sti ike at game that is worthy of us. The pay j
given to clerks and messengers and pages is not ,
much m comparison with what we receive. Sup- i
pose a bill were introduced reducing the salary !
of members of the American Congress, would the
gentleman have voted for it r Not so.
Mr. RUE FIN. i will.
Mr. WARREN. Well, let thegentleman bring
in such a bill. I am glad to see so much patnot-
| ism evinced by gentlemen; 1 have not so much
! patriotism. I frankly confess that I am proud to
! represent my constituents on the floor of the
i American Congress; but if you take away 'he
i pay attached to the position, you will take with
| it such a poition of my patuotism as will force
' me to return to.my constituents in Arkansas, and
! work again theie as an humble citizen as 1 have
j been wont to do. But I say, if gentlemen want
j rel'oim, they ought to commence at head quar-
; ters. Let them strike the fiist blow at members
, of Congress, and then I will possibly assist them
■ in stukmg at the small fty, if" I may use sue.h a
, term. But as it is, I shall vote against this bill.
i i shall vote against any measure that does not
1 propose fust to reduce the salaries of bi^hei offi-
j cers, of those who pctfoim le-s sei vi< c. There
1 is no member on this floor who performs as at du-
; ous services as manv of these clerks do,and even
! as these little pages do. Theirs isa kind of nhvs-
i ir.nl labor which any of us would shiink from
I performing.
i And now, sir, as this is a matter which is to go
{to the countiy,a matter out of which political
j capital is to be made—as there is nothing hke a
! cry of retrenchment and refoim for popularity
; among the masses of thocounuy: as it sounds
; well m the cars of the deai people to swear in fa-
1 voi of sti ict economy and retrenchment—I move,
i for the purpose of giving gentlemen an opportu-
i mty of ex pressing their view son ihe^ub}eet,to re-
; fer it to the Committee of the Whole on the state \
■ of the Union. j
j Mr. RUFFIN. I propose to make onlyafew ;
. retnaiks in the discussion of this quest-ion. I do s
not ptopose to go into the subject ot patriotism, ;
or ot the service of pages. But I do propose to j
. say something in reply to what has been said by ;
| the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Warren] in j
! reference to high pay. lie seems to think that it 1
; is absolutely necessary we should pay high wala- j
ries feo as to get peisons to f.ii the offices of mos- j
I sengors about the Hall, Now, 1 do contend that s
thegentleman from Kentucky [Mr. M\son] laid !
down the correct principle on this subject—and ;
1 that is: that if vou givelaige salaries you will no*'
; get the men who are appointed to these messen- i
; gerships to perform then duties, to attend the !
committee rooms, sweep them out, make the lites, !
carry water, and (Jo woik of that kind. As the :
gentleman from Kentucky has well said, theie aie :
!' persons who come hete m qwest of foreign nits- i
:] mons, in quest of consulships, in quest of high ;
j; offices in the Departments, and not getting them j
l: they fall back on messengers' places in the House, ;
but are not going to pcrfoim their own duties. |
i| The consequence is, that, in many instances, they i
I; are not well performed. If this bill reported by I
i the Committee of Accounts is passed, I, for one, j
!' have no doubt that we can find a plenty of Pul* >
1 sons who will be glad to take these places and per- j
: form the duties at three dollars per day. When
■ it was the custom to only give them two dolhrs :
1 and fifty cents per day there was no difficulty ,
1 about it, and tho duties were just as well performed |
as they are now. Smceyou have adopted the high- ;
!i salary system, I have never seen a Doorkeeper I
who would carry out the rules of the House?.
How is it now ? Persons are admitted into this
Hall every day, from about the city here, who
have no shadow of right, while the 'Lieutenant*-
General of the United States,as 1 understand, was
the other day turned back. Sir, t say that the
Doorkeeper, and every one under htm, ought to
enforce the rules rigidly. We have tried the high-
sdlaiy system and it does not accomplish that ob-
ject, and now Ict us try some other.system. W hat
reason is there for paying one dooikeeper who
stands at that door £],500a year, and another,
who stands by his side, only $1,200? What jus-
tice is there in it? I should iike gentlemen to an-
swer that question.
But the gentlemen from Arkansas [Mr. War-
hln'] says, 4,Stait the reform somewhere else."
Why, sir, so far as i am concerned, I am willing
to begin anywhere. I will go with thegentleman
in his reform to any department of the Govern-
ment—to high salaries and to low ones. I con-
sider the Democratic party of this country as
pledged to reform. As a member of the Commit-
tee of Accounts, 1 am ready to stand up to*the
recommendation we have made here. I voted
against the increase of the pay of members of
Congress in-the last Congress, and I will vote to
reduce it now, if the gentleman will imroducea
bill for that purpose. I voted against increasing
the pay of the clcrks of the Departments, and I
will vote now to cut it down to the point where
it stood before that increase was made. I think
their services were performed then quite as well
as they are now.
The gentleman says, "Go to the committee
rooms, and see the splendid furniture there." Sir,
with that I have had nothing to do. and know
nothing in iclation to it. But if he will go down '
into committee room No. 10, where the Commit-
tee of Accounts hold their meetings, he will not
see any splendid furniture there. Tliat commit-
tee room is furnished with plain,clu ap furniture,
and nothing more. If othei gentlemen have had
their committee rooms furnished in a different
stv'e, it is their lookout, and not mine.
But the gentleman fiom Ai kansas next presents
to this House the argument of sympathy, in ref-
erence to the pages. Why, sir, as I suggested to
him at the time, we do not propose to decrease
the pay of the pages on this floor one cent; but
propose that they shall be paid in future the same
as they have been paid heretofore—two dollars per
day dunng the session of Congress—and we pro-
pose that tiie number shall be twenty. I think t hat
number isampiy sufficient; some gentlemen think
it is too great. In relation to this matter, however, I
will state that the gieatest number of pages ever al-
lowed, I believe, was eighteen. I think it was then
reduced to fourteen, and kept at that a number of
years. But the system has grown up of members
bringing boys upon the floor in addition to the
number piovided for bv law, and of allowing them
to remain upon the floor during the session, agd
then, at the close of the session, offering resolu-
tions to pay them the same per diem and extra
compensation as the other pages. At the last ses-
sion of Congress, the number of these outside
pages was increased to eleven, so that instead of
having the regular number of pages authorized by
the House, there weie really twenty-five. And
the last day nf the session a gentleman got up
here and offered a resolution to pay those eleven
boys two dollars per day and the same extra com-
pensation as the oilier pages for the session. The
regular number of pages authorized by the House
at present is fourteen; but as the Hall is much
larger than the old one, and aw the cost of some
additional pages at two dollar* p^r day is very
trifling, and as six more would add to the convc-
■ nienee of the members, we saw no impropriety m
fixni"- (he fegular number at twenty.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to know of the
gentleman, if he or the committee has made any
calculation, so that he can give the House any
estimate of the amount that will be saved to the
Government,as between tins bill and the existing
law ?
Mr. RUFFIN. In reply to the question of the
gentleman, I havo* to say that it would be difncult
to make any estimate that would approximate to
thetruth—1 suppose fiftyorseventy-five thousand
dollars. We propose now that there shall he
twenty-five messengers, under the Doorkeeper,
to be paid three dollars per day. Fourteen out of
