012
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
c
March 1.
that twenty-five are permanent officers, and are to
work in the folding-room during the recess. The
others are temporary, and are to be paid three
dollars per day for the session of Congress.
In the same way, four of the laborers are per-
manent, at $1 50 per day; and the other five are
only employed and paid at that rate during the
session of Congress. The pages are, of course,
paid only during the session of Congress; and the
six additional ones will involve very little addi-
tional cost, as gentlemen can very easily see by
making a calculation.
I wish now, sir, to make some explanation of
the bill.. It is almost impossible to tell what is the
number of employes heretofore authorized to be
employed. There is no authority of law for the
appointment of many of these officers. They
have generally been appointed during some Con-
gress for that Congress; and then the appoint-
ment has been kept up. A great many of these
offices have been established by some provision
incorporated in an appropriation bill. In the last
general appropriation bill I find an appropriation
for the pay, for instance, of the Doorkeeper, the
superintendent of the folding-room, the messen-
ger in charge of the Hall, the superintendent of
the document-room, and the assistant superin-
tendent of the document-room; five messengers,
at $1,500 each, and eight messengers at $1,200
each. A resolution passed at the commencement
of this Congress gives five additional messengers,
■who,of course, will be paid $1,200 each. We now
propose thatthe Doorkeeper's salary shall remain
the same as it has been, for it is a responsible po-
sition; we also propose that the superintendent
of the folding-room shall receive the same salary
as heretofore—§1,800 a year. The messenger in
charge of the Hall we class as any other messen-
ger, at a salary of three dollars per day. We class
the superintendent of the document-room as a
messenger. Heretofore he has received $1,752 a
year; and the assistant superintendent has re-
ceived the same salary. We propose that each of
these shall be put upon the same footing with the
messengers, and paid three dollars a day: so that
the whole number of messengers provided for by
the bill is twenty-five—three more than the num-
ber now employed. The number of laborers here-
tofore authorized was three during the session of
Congress. The committee which reported early
in this session added six to that number, making
nine in all. We have concurred in that recom-
mendation.
I wish to direct particular attention to the con-
dition of the folding-room. It is important that
it should be understood by the House, because
we are as likely to get into difficulties there as in
relation to the extra number of messengers. The
appropriation for carrying on the folding-room
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1858, was
$7,282 88. Of this amount there has been already
expended the sum of $6,479 56; leaving a balance
for carrying on the operations of that room, from
this time until July next, of $8U3 32 This ac-
count was rendered some time since. We found
in the folding-ioom some twenty-cightfolders, at
$2 50 a day. The Committee of Accounts having
that matter in charge, rcduccd them in number
some-weeks ago to four, at $2 50 a day, and two
laborers at $1 50 per day to carry books; and
provided that the remaining work should be done
and paid for by the piece, as had been done, be-
fore the plan of employing twelve, fifteen, and
twenty-eight men, at $2 50 a day each, had been
adopted. These persons have been employed and
paid during the recess of Congress, when the
duties ought to have been discharged by the mes-
sengers of the House; and it is this which has
caused the fund for the folding-room to be ex-
hausted.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, proposes to reorganize
the matters intrusted to us. We have said nothing
about the Speaker's messengerorthe Sergeant-at-
Arms5 employes, because we are not chaiged
with them. This includes every one under the
Clerk except what are call ed the land map clerks.
The employment of these land map clerks is a
matter to which I shall more fully call the atten-
tion of the House when the proper time arrives.
It is agross imposition upon this Government to
keep nine men employed, at over sixteen thousand
dollars a year, m the General Land Office, making
maps for this House, not worth a red copper.
When the Committee on Public Lands makes its
report, which will be in a few days, I intend to
offer a resolution toabolish this wholeforce. Their
employment has grown up within .the last ten
years. It is wrongfrom the beginning to the end.
They are of no benefit to anybody but a few
land speculators who obtain informationfrom
them. The Committee on Public Lands of the
last House derived no benefit from their work.
Their work does not extend to the Territories;
and it is known that the appropriations of land at
the last session for railroad purposes were for the
Territories.
It is high time, sir, that we should commence
with this reform. 1 am in favor, like my colleague
on the committee, [Mr. Mason,] of putting the
bill on its passage at once. I want it settled what
shall be the number of the employes of the House.
If, however, the House is disposed to accede to
the request of my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Spinner,] and refer this bill for amendment
to the Committee of the Whole, I do not know
that I will have any serious objection to it. All
we want is to know how many of these men are
to come before the Committee of Accounts. We
want the rolls made out m regular form. We want
them to be so stated that every member can un-
derstand exactly what they mean. We have the
right to ask this much of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
think it is very important that we should.have
some legislation on the subject now under consid-
eration. It is important to determine the compen-
sation of the different employes in and about this
building. It is important that we should fix the
number of these employes; butit is more import-
ant that wo should determine the compensation
which each one should receive. How is it now?
Can you turn to the statute-book and ascertain
what any one of the officers of this House is en-
titled to receive from the Treasury? In 1842, after
the memorable contest which resulted in the de-
feat of the Democratic party and the triumph of
the Whig party, the latter party came into this
House and created a committee on this subject.
That committee took up the subject of the em-
ployes of this House, and their compensation.
They gave it a thorough investigation. They
made a report, specifying the number to be em-
ployed, and the compensation of each. And, sir, I
believe that so longas the Whigpartycontinued in
power, they executed the provisions of the meas-
ure they had passed. On the return of the Dem-
ocratic party to power, there was commenced this
uncertain system of increasing offices and salaries
in the Capitol. When the Whig party fixed the
number of employes and their compensation, they
j also ptovidcd that there should be no extra com-
j pensation voted by the Senate or the House,
j They made this provision m the law, and in one
| of the rules of the House. Soon afterwards, at
j the end of a session, the-rule would be suspended,
! and extra compensation voted to the clerks, mcs-
j sengers, &c. A bill was passed, giving twenty
! per cent, to the employes of the House and Sen-
ate upon the amount of their salaries, where the
twenty per cent, would exceed $200;-and where
the twenty per cent, would not amount to $200,
by some rule or other, $200 was given to each of
this class. In some cases the extra compensation
actually amounted to more than the compensa-
tion which the employes received under the law
for their services.
  Atthattime, sir, the number of clerks was fixed
by law; but m the progress of time, when all the
clerkships were filled and there were not quite
enough to supply the demand, a messenger would
be appointed to discharge the duties of a clerk;
and, at the end of the session, it would be said,
" why, certainly you will not receive that gentle-
ma n's services as a clerk for a messengers pay;"
and the House would give him, at the end of the
session, the salary of a clerk. And then the Clerk
of the House, regarding that as authority to ap-
point an additional clerk, would go on and ap-
point one under that resolution, and an appropri-
ation would be made in the general appropriation
bill to give him the salary of a clerk. Thus, sir,
when you now want to ascertain under what laws
the officers of this House appoint their assistants,
you have to go to the Journals of the House to
find the resolution under which a clerk has been
paid, or an additional messenger, or an additional
page, has been paid; and those resolutions are
eonstruad as authority to continue the employ- •
ment of all such persons until otherwise ordered.
The object of the bill now before the House is to
fix and determine the number of employes, and
also their compensation.
Mr. Speaker, I think, myself, that the commit-
tee have reported a very liberal bill, both as to the
number of employes, and as to the compensation
they are to receive. I think that you could get
competent officers and competent assistants for
even less th^fei the committee have reported. But,
sir, if a majority of the House think that the com-
mittee have not been sufficiently liberal, that the
compensation which they propose is not sufficient,
let them amend this bill, or take the substitute
proposed by the minority of the committee; but
let them pass a bill to fix the compensation of all
these officers, even though they fix it at double
what the committee propose to fix it at. I shall
not vote for any such bill, but if a majority of the'
House think that the compensation proposed is
not sufficient, in the name of common honesty and
common justice, fix it at what you think is right.
Pass a law and cut off all this latter-day legisla-
tion. Under the present system no proposition
is made during a whole session of eight or nine
months to increase the number of officers, or to
increase their compensation, but in the last hours
of the session, when banquets have been prepared
and kept ready for days and nights in rooms about
this Capitol, to which members have resorted, and
have eaten and drank, I believe, without money
and without price, then propositions are brought
in here and passed to give extra pay, and to give
pay to persons who have been employed about
the building without authority of law. I believe
that in many cases which have occurred, but few
of those who acted upon those propositions really
knew the effect of those propositions. Sir, I will
refer to some of the propositions of this kind which
were passed at the last session; and it is to pro-
tect the House against itself in the last days of
the session, that I think they should pass a law
defining the number of employes, and prescribing
the amount of compensation. I read now from
the Congressional Globe of the 2d of March last:
Mt Dunn. Mr. Speaker, I ask the general consent of
the Hou-c to introduce a re&oluiton, which has been usual
at the clo^c of our sessions, in regard to the clerks and em-
ploye* ot this body.
"'Mr. Smith, of Virginia. I call for the regular order of
business.
" Mr. Dunn. I presume that all know, who are at all con-
versant with the compensation of persons in the employ of
the Government, that there is no class of public seivants
who ate hauler worked, and leas paid. 1 hope no gentle-
man will object to the resolution.
" Mr Jones, of Tennessee. I call for the regular order
of bu-m<;w.
" Mi. Dunn. If objection is made, T move to suspend
the uiles.
"Tne Speaker. The gentleman fioin Tennessee object*.
" Mr Dunn. I move to suspend the rules ; and I ask that
the resolution be read.
" The resolution wasiead, as follow? :
Resolved, That theie be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Ilon^e a like amount of additional compensation to
the same officers, clerks, messengers, and other employes
of the Mouse, and othen, as was dnected to be paid at the
firrft session of the present Congiess by the resolution of
the House of August 15, J856."
Now, sir, I ask gentlemen of this House if they
know how much was proposed to be added by
that resolution to the compensation of the em-
ployes of the House? But the report goes on:
"Mr. Jones, ofTennessee. Xcall for the yeas andnays
upon ihe motion to suspend the rules.
" Mr. HuausTON. Will the gentleman from Indiana ac-
cept an amendment ?
" Mt. Houston. I object. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
" Tellers were not ordered.
" Mi. Si-anton. Will it be in order to have the names of
thoxp who vote for the yeas and nays recorded ?
" The Speaker. It is not m order.
"The question was taken on Mr. Dunn's motion; and
theie weie, on a division—aye> 131, noes 24.
** So (more than two thirds voting m favor thereof) the
rules were suspended; and the resolution was introduced.
>k Mr. Dunn. 1 move the previous question on the reso-
lution.
" Mr. Smith, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman to with-
■ diaw the call, to allow me to amend the resolution. There
aie five or six pages here for whose payment no provision
is made 
'• The Speaker. Debate is not in order.
" Mr. Dunn. I consent that the resolution may be modi-
fied -so as to include these extra p'iges.
" Mr. Jones, of Tennessee. The resolution cannot be
modified after the rules have been suspended. That is not
the question before the House for which the rules were sus-
pended.
" The Speaker. The rules having bepn suspended for
the consideration of the resolution, iteannot be modified by
th*  gamleman from Indiana.
