1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
The Clerk read the rules, as follows:
" 131. No motion or proposition for a tax or charge upon
the piiople sliall bi! discussed the day on which it is mad«
01 Offered ; arid every such proposition shall receive its first
tli.-cmsion in a Committee of the Whole House.
" 138. No mm or quantum of tax or duty, voted by a
Committee of the Whole House, shall be increased in the
House until the motion or proposition for such increase shall
In' first discussed and voted m a Committee of the Whole
flou^e ; and po in respect to the time of its continuance."
Mr. MILLSON. My point of order is, that
it is not competent for the committee to make
such a report as a recommendation that the enact-
ing clause be stricken out, the bill having had no
consideration or discussion in Committee of the
Whole.
[A lTiPssnge was received from the President,
informing the House that he had approved and
signed a bill gran ting a pension to Beriah Wright,
of New Yoi k.]
The SPEAKER. The fact appears, offici-
ally, from a former report made from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
that the bill has been considered and discussed.
The Chair overrules the question of order raised j
by the gentleman from Virginia. The Chair ex- |
amined the rule, having some doubt as to whether !
the proposition to strike out the enacting clause
could be entertained. The Chair finds, within *
six or seven days after this rule was adopted, that j
the same course was pursued to get a bill out of '
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the J
Union into the House; and that the same thing '
was done several times afterwards. So that the ;
members who made the rule seemed to under-
stand that it was as well applicable to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union as '
to the House. i
Mr. MILLSON. As this question may be im- i
portant in the future history of the country, I feel
it to be my duty to take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the appeal upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The Chairman of the Committee of the Whole j
on the state of the Union then made his report as j
above stated. i
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the recommend- 1
ation of the Committee of the Whole'on the state
of the Union be voted down, will not the ques-
tion then come up on the engrossment and third
reading of the bill : ;
The SPEAKER. It will. 1
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I call for the pre- (
vious question. !
Mr. HOWARD. I ask my colleague on the 1
Committee of Ways and Means to let me offer ;
an amendment before lie movesthe previousques- ,
tion. i
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I prefer that we j
should vote oji the naked bill. I
The previous question was seconded, and the ;
main question ordered to be put. j.
The recommendation of the Committee of the ;i
Whole on the state of the Union to strike out the . i
enacting words was rejected. 1!
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES obtained the floor, 'i
Mr. HOWARD. I ask my colleague on the ;
Committee of Ways and Means to let me offer j
an amendment.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If my colleague pro- ■
poses to strike out " fifteen," and insert 'ninny " ,
without the latter provision which he offered in
committee, 1 will vield to him. ;
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not enter- |
tainapropositionto increase theamount. Itwould \
have first, under the rule, to be considered m the j
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOWARD. My amendment is the same
ns adopted in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and cut off by the motion to
strike out the enacting: words.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I must call the
nrevious question.
The previous question was seconded,^and the
mum question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly r^ad the third time, and passed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
rnovf d that the motion to reconsider b-> laid upon
the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WINSLOW. I submit the following
report from the committee of conference on the
Navy appropriation bill.
The Clerk read as
as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill of the House (No. 199) making
appropriations for the naval service for the year ending the
30th of June. 1859, have met, and after full and free confer-
ence have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the House do recede from their disagreement to the
tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to said amend-
ment with an amendment, as follows: Insert the word
" and"" between the words " clerks" and ♦' messengers" and
strike out the words {; and watchmen," in the fourth line.
That the Hou«e do recede from their amendment to the
fourteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to said
amendment with an amendment,a* follows,. Strikeout the
word <c five," in the third line, and insert the word" seven."
J. A. PEARCE,
L. F. S FOSTER,
JOHN R.THOMSON".
Managers on the part of the Senate.
WARREN WINSLOW,
13. B. WASHBURXE,
W. S. GROESBECK,
Managers on the ■part of the House.
Mr. WINSLOW. Mr. Speaker, there were
but two points left in contest between the two
Houses. Those were the tenth and fourteenth
amendments, the Senate having receded from the
previous amendment in which this House did not
concur. The tenth amendment allowed certain
pay to the clerks of the navy-yard and marine
barracks. By the act of April 22,1854, the clerks
at the navy-yard and marine barracks m this city
were allowed twenty per cent, addition to their
then compensation. By the act of August 5,
1854, the messengers at the navy-yard and ma-
rine barracks were included and allowed the same
twenty per cent, additional compensation. By
inadvertence on the part of the bureau in making
the annual estimates, the amount of money ne-
cessary to cover this increased compensation was
omitted. The amendment of the Senate only
proposes to do what the House and the Senate
ought to have done in the year 1856—it appropri-
ates the money which, by inadvertence, was omit-
ted to be appropriated on that occasion. But the
Senate went further than the act of 1854, and, in
addition to the clerks and messengers, included
watchmen at the navy-yard and marine barracks.
Neither of the acts of 1854 included watchmen,
and therefore the managers on the part of the
House thought it was not right to pay these
watchmen two or three years back extra pay.
The Senate agreed to strike out the word " watch-
men," and leave the section confined to clerks and
messengers. It became necessary for the gram-
matical construction of the sentence to insert the
word "and" between " clerks" and " messcn-
Whole on the state of the~Union from the further
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 550) mak-
ing appropriations for light-houses, light-boats,
I buoys, &c., and providing for the erection and
| establishment of the same, and for other pur-
: poses, and that it be now put upon its passage.
Mr. LETCHER. Does not that bill make an
appropriation, and has it been considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union at
all yet ?
Mr. RUFFIN. Will that bill be subject to
amendment at all unless it is sent to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly not.
Mr. RUFFIN. There are many amendments
which should be made to that bill; and it is wrong
for a bill of that importance to be considered in
the House, where it cannot be amended.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of taking up this
bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before that
question is put, I hope the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will move to close debate upon this
bill in five minutes after the committee shall take
it up for consideration.
Mr. COMINS. I make that motion.
Mr. STANTON. Has the bill ever been con-
sidered in committee at all?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. STANTON. Is that motion to close de-
bate in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not if it is objected to.
Mr. COMINS. Then I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to introduce a motion to close
debate.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
j in favor thereof.)
The motion to close debate was then agreed to.
Mr. KEITT. I now move that the committee
take a recess until six o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COM INS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
gers. '
The next point of contest was in reference to I
the increase of the Navy. The Senate had put |
upon the bill, as it passed the House, an amend- j
ment providing for an increase of the Navy, by j
adding thereto five sloops of a draught not ex- [
ceedmg fourteen feet. The House amended the j
Senate amendment by striking out "five "and j
inserting 44 ten." The committee of conference, i
both on the part of the House and the Senate, i
unanimously concur in recommending that the j
House recede from its amendment, striking out ;
" five " and inserting " ten," and agree to the :
Senate amendment with an amendment striking
out " five" and inserting " seven."
That is the whole of it. I demand the previous ;
question. i
Mr. BARKSDALE. I hope the House will ,
not second the demand for the previous question. ■
For one, I am anxious to debate this matter fur- :
ther. i
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I ask the yeas
and nays upon concurring in the report.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the
vote by winch the report was concurred in; and
a5so moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. COMINS asked the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
GEORGIANS M. LEWIS.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to appeal to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to give way to me for
a moment. 1 shall be compelled to beabsentfrom
the House all the remainder of the day upon the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, and I desire to ask
the House to take up a small bill.
Mr. COMINS. 1 will yield to the gentleman
a moment
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
and put upon us passage Senate bill (No. 421) for
the relief of Georgiana M. Lewis.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration.
The bill provides for the payment to Georgiana
M. Lewis of the five years' half pay to which her
husband would have been entitled if living.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time.
It was accordingly read the third time, and
i' passed.
Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the vote
;i by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
: lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
! The latter motion was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL AGAIN.
: Mr. COMINS. I now renew my motion to go
]| into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
1 the Union, for the purpose of taking up the light*
,, house bill.
Mr. KEITT. How long will it take to dispose
I of this bill r
Mr. COMINS. It will not take more than
thirty minutes to consider it; and it is necessary
, to nave it disposed of at once and sent to the Sen-
ate.
The question was taken on Mr. Comins's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
Tne rules were accordingly suspended; and the
1 House resolved itself into the Committee of the
i; Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Barksdale
ij in the chair,)and proceeded to the consideration of
II the bill (H.R. No. 550) ma king appropriations for
11 light-houses, light-boats, buoys,&c.,and provid-
;! mg for t ho erection and establishment of the same,
: and for other purposes.
