gooo
the congressional mmm
May 6.
of the Government of Great Britain and the Gov*
ernment of the United States, the position of the
United States in regard to the whole Central
American question is stronger under the treaty
than it was prior to the treaty. I will show, by
extracts from official correspondence, that during
the whole'of that discussion the objectof the ne-
fotiators on the part of the United States was to
old the British Government to the terms of the
treaty a-s the strongest ground for the United
States to occupy, and that the whole struggle on
the part of the British Government was to escape
from the treaty to the ground it occupied before
that treaty. I beg leave to remark here that I
Entirely concur with the gentleman from North
Carolina that this House has the right, whenever
it sees proper, to express its opinion on^ny sub-
ject of treaty between the Government of the Uni-
ted States and any other Government whatever.
But I contend that if we have the right to ex-
press our opinio.n on any treaty in this House, we
should exercise it with discretion, and only in
extreme cases; and I contend that the present in-
stance is no such extreme case, and that the sub-
ject may welt be left to the discretion of the Ex-
ecutive. There is no particular emergency calling
for interference by this House. I hope, there-
fore, that the House will come to a speedy vote
on this resolution, and vote it down* if not on the
merits of the question itself, at least because it
presents no case for our interference at the pres-
ent moment.
With regard to the first point, Mr. Speaker, I
desire to call the attention of the House to the
situation of affairs which led to the adoption of
the treaty, in the first place, I desire to read an
extract from the message of President Pierce of
May 5, 1856:
" The narrow isthmus which connects the continents of
North and South America, by the facilities it affords for easy
transit between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, rendered
the countries of Central America an object of special con-
sideration to all marmme nations, which has been greatly
augmented m modern times by the operation of changes in
commercial relations, especially those produced by the gen-
eral use of steam as a motive power by land and sea. To
us,-on account of its geographical position, and of ourpoht-
;ical interest as an American State of primary magnitude,
that i&thmus is of peculiar importance; just as the isthmus
of Suez is, for corresponding reasons, to the maritime Pow-
ers of Europe. But, above all, the importance to the United
States Qf securing free transit across the American isthmus
has rendered it of paramount interest to us since the settle-
Blent of the Territories of Oregon and Washington, and the
accession of California to the Union.
" Impelled by these considerations, the United States took
steps at an early day to as§ure suitable means of commer-
cial tranbit, by canal, railway, or otherwise, across this isth-
mus.
" We concluded, in the first place, a treaty of peace,
amity, navigation, and commerce, with the Republic of New
Granada; among the conditions of which was a supulation,
on the part of New Granada, guarantying to the United
States the right of way or transit across that part of the isth-
mus which lies in the territory of New Granada, in consid-
eration of which the United States guarantied', in respect
of the same territory, the rights of sovereignty and property
of New Granada.
" The effect of this treaty was to afford to the people of
the United States facilities for at once opening a common
road from Cbagres to Panama, and for at length construct-
ing a railway in the same direction, to connect regularly
with steamships, for the transportation o£ mails, specie, and
passengers, to' and fro between the Atlantic and Pacific
States and Territories of the United States.
" The United States also endeavored, but unsuccessfully,
to obtain from the Mexican Republic the cession of the right
of way at the northern extremity of the isthmus, by Tchuan-
tepcc ; and that line of communication continues to be an
object of solicitude to the people of this Republic.
"In the mean time, intervening between the Republic
of New Granada and the Mexican Republic, lie the States
of Guatemala, Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Costa
Rica, the several members of the former Republic of Cen-
tral America. Here, in the territory of the Central Amer-
ican States, Is thenanowest part of the isthmus, and hither,
of cotnse, public attention has been directed as the mostin-
viting field for enterprises of interoceanic communication
between the opposite shores of America, and more especi-
ally to the territory of the States of Nicaragua and Hon-
duras.
£t Paramount to that of any European States as was the
interest of the United States in the security and freedom of
projected Imes of travel across the isthmus, by the way of
Nicaragua and Honduras5 stiil we did not yield in this re-
spect to any suggestions of territorial aggrandizement, or
even of exclusive advantage, either of communication or of
commerce. Opportunities? had not been wanting to the Uni-
ted States to procure such advantages by peaceful means,
and with full and free assent of those who alone had any
legitimate authoiity in the npatter. We disregarded those
opportunities from considerations alike of domestic and for-
eign policy; just as, even to the present day, we have per-
severed m a system of justice and respect for the rights and
interobts of others, as well as our own, in regard to each
and ail of the States of Central America.
" It was with surprise and regret, therefore, that the Uni-
ted States learned, a few days after the conclusion of the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, by?Which the United Stated
became, wUh the consent of the Mexican Republic, the
rightful owners of California, and thus invested with aug-
mented special interest in the political condition of Central
America, that a military expedition, under the authority of
the British Government, had landed at San Juan del Norte,
in the State of Nicaragua, and taken forcible possession of
that port, the. necessary terminus of any canal or railway
across the isthmus within the territories of Nicaragua."
That is a clear statement of the grounds whieff
render it desirable to us that thi'fr isthmus should
not be controlled by any Power hut the United
States.
I wish to show further some of th# circum-
stances which led to the adoption of thistreaty.
The kingdom of Gre$t Britain had interfered on
that isthmus; and I wish to show that though that
interference took place during the Administration*
of President Polk, and during the time that Mr.
Buchanan occupied the positibn of Secretary of
State, they took no notice whatever of it, although
their attention was repeatedly calied to it; and the
first notice taken of that interference was by Mr.
Clayton, during the administration of General
Taylor, I intend to show-by Mr. Buchanan's
own correspondence that the first notice taken of
it by him was under the treaty. Before that
treaty was negotiated, the- Government felt that
they had not much ground 4.0 stand upon in re-
sisting the steps taken towards the possession
of the isthmus by Great Britain. I desire to read
in this connection a statement of Lord CIstrendori
in his correspondence with Mr. Buchanan with
reference to the treaty; and 1 desire to say that
the facts stated by Lord Clarendon are not in any
way controverted by Mr. Buchanan in his reply.
I call the attention of the House first to the fol-
lowing from the statement of the Earl of Claren-
don:
" It may be true that the United States were not informed
of the position of Great Britain in respect to Mosquito until
1842, but they were then informed of it; and yet there is no
trace of their having alluded to this question in their com-
munications with her Majesty's Government up to the end
of 1849. Nay, in 1850, when the President of the United
States presented to Congress various papers relative to the
affairs of Central America, it will be seen that, on introdu-
cing these affairs to the attention of Congress, the President's
Secretary of State for foreign affairs expressly says that the
Government of Nicaragua, in November, 1847, solicited the
aid of the United States Government to prevent an antici-
pated attack on San Juan, by the British forces acting on
behalf of the Mosquito King, but received no answer; that
the President of Nicaragua addressed the President of the
United States at the same time, and received no answer j
that in April, 1848, the United States consul at Nicaragua, at
the request of the Minister of Foreign Affairs of that Repub-
lic, stated the occupation of Sim Juan by a British force,
but was not answered; that on the5th November, 1848, M.
Castillon, proceeding to London from Nicaragua, and then
to Washington, addressed a letter to the United States Sec-
retary of State, soliciting his intervention with regard to
the claims of Great Britain in right of the Mosquito King,'
and received no answer; that on the 12th of January, 1849,
Mr. Bancroft, then representative of the United States to
the Court of St. James, referring to M. Castillon's arrival in
London, and the subject of his mission to settle the affairs
of San Juan de Nicaragua with the British Government,
said,41 think it proper to state to you my opinion, that Lord
Pahnerston will not recedc. I have, of course, taken no
part;' and that again, m March, Mr. Bancroft wrote that
M. Castillon 'would be anxious to seek advice from the Uni-
ted States, but that he had always made answer to hin>
1 that he was not authorized to offer advice.'"
I now call the attention of the House to the
statement drawn up by Mr. Buchanan himself for
the Earl of Clarendon:
" When the negotiations commenced', which resulted in
the conclusion of the Clayton and Bulwer convention of
April 19,1850, the British Government were in possession
of the whole extensive coast of Central America, sweeping,
round from the Rio Hondo to the port and harbor of San
Juan de Nicaragua, except that portion [of] it between the
Sarstoon and Cape Honduras, together with the adjacent
Honduras island of Ruatan. 4
"The Government of the United States seriously con-
tested the claim of Great Britain to any of these possessions,
with the single exception of that part of the Belize settle-
ment lying between the Rio Hondo and the Sibun,the usu-
fruct of which, for a special purpose, and with a careful
reservation of his sovereign rights over it, had been granted
by the King of Spain to the British under the convention of
1780.
" The progress of events had rendered Central America
an object of special interest to all the commercial nations of
the world, on account of the railroads and canafs then pro-
posed to be constructed through the isthmus, for the purpose
of uniting the Atlantic and Pacific oceans."
**********
" Yet, in view of all these antecedents, the island of Rua-
tan, belonging to the State of Honduras, and within sight of
its shores, was captured in 1841 by ColonelMcDonald, then
her Britannic Majesty's superintendent at Belize, and the
flag of Honduras was hauled down, and that of Great Brit-
ain was hoisted in its place. This small State, incapable
of making any effectual resistance, was compelled to sub-
mit, and the island has ever since been under British con-
trol.' „ Whatmikes this event more remarkable is, that it is
believed a similar act of violence had been committed on
Roatap by the superintendent of Belize in 1835; but, on
compfaint byttie Federal Government of the Central Amer-
ican States, then still in existence, the act was formally dis-
avowed by the British Government, and the island was re-
stored to the authorities of the Republic.
No question.can exist but that Ruatan was one of the
' islands adjacent' to the American continent, which had
been restored by Great Britain t6 Spain, under the treaties
of 1788 &n£ 1786. Indeed, the most approved British gazet-
teers and geographers* up till the present date, have borne
testimony to this fact, apparently without information from
that hitherto but little known portion of the world, that the
island had again been seized by her Majesty's superintend-
ent at Belize, and was now et possession claimed by Great
Britain.
" When Gi%at Britain determined to resume her domin-
ion over the Mosquito shore, in the name of a protectorate,
is not known With any degree of certainty in the United.
States. The first information on the subject, in the Depart^
irient of State at Washington, was contained in a dispatch
of the 20th January, 1842, from William S. Murphy, Esq.,
special agent of the American Government to Guatemala,^
in which he states, that in a conversation with Colonel
McDonald at Belize, the latter bad informed him he ha4,
discovered and sent documents to England, which caused
the British Government to revive their claim to the Mosquito
territory." ********
'5 Thus it appears that the Spaniards were justly sensible
of the importance of defending this outlet from the Lake of
Nicaragua to the ocean, because, as Captain Bonnycastle
observes, ' This port [San Jtifctn] is looked upon as the key
of the A,mericas; and with the possession of it, and Relalejo-
on the other side of the lake, the Spanish colonies might be
paralyzed, by the enemy being then master of the ports of
both oceans.' He might have added, that nearly sixty years
ago, on the 26th February, 1796, the port of San Juan de*
Nicaragua was established as a port of entry of the second
class by the King of Spain. " * * * * *
" It was therefore with profound surprise and regret the
Government and people of the United States learned that a
British force, oh the 1st of January, 1848, had expelled the
State of Nicaragua from San Juan; had' hauled down the
Nicaraguari Hag, and had raised the Mosquito ffagin its place.
The ancient name of the town, San Juan de Nicaragua,
which had identified'it in all former time as belonging to
Nicaragua, was on this occasion changed, and thereafter it'
became Greytown."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think I have sufficiently
shown that many of the very acts of which we
now complain against Great Britain were per-
formed long previous to 1850, and some of those
of which we most complain during the Adminis-
tration of President Polk, and during the time
when Mr. Buchanan Was Secretary of State. Re-
peated applications and complaints were made to
the President and the Secretary, but not a word
was heard in response, nor was the subject ever
noticed by the Government until the accession of
General Taylor's Administration. Mr. Clayton
then instructed Mr. Lawrence, our Minister at
London, to call the attention oflLord Palmerston
to the subject. He did so, and, in consequence,
the treaty of 1850 was formed. Now, I believe
that the treaty of 1850 has prevented, in all prob-
ability, a collision between the United States and
Great Britain, and maintained peace upon the
whole subject from that day to tnis.
•With regard to the great extent of coast marked
out on the map exhibited by the gentleman from
North Carolina yesterday, as occupied by Great
Britain, I have to say that the documents before'
me show clearly that Great Britain desires no
other advantages on that coast but the possession
of the Belize arid the islands of Ruatan and Bon-
acca. She disclaims. any desire to hold posses-
sion of any other part of the coast. Now, Great
Britain held possession of the Belize, even before
the independence of the United States, so that
practically the whole question is narrowed down
to the possession of two miserable little islands—
Ruatan and Bonacca—on the northern coast of
Honduras. If gentlemen refer to the map they
will observe the situation of these two islands.
One of them—Bonacca—is nine miles long and
one broad, and the other—Ruatan—is about thirty
miles long and seven or eight miles wide. The
island of Ruatan contains a good harbor on the
south side, but it is evident that the positions oc-
cupied by Great Britain at the Belize and Jamaica
makes the possession of Ruatan and Bonacca of
no practical importance whatever. Any Power
which has superiority on the sea, and the pos-
session of Belize and Jamaica, has perfect com-
mand of those waters, and the possession of Rua-
tan is simply a matter of convenience. So far as
the power over navigation is concerned, Great
Britain has it so long as she maintains her supe-
riority on the sea, and no Power can,take it from
her. As the gentleman from North Carolina him-
self said yesterday, Great Britain has twice offered
to surrender the possession of the island. She
feels that it really is not a matter of any import-
