THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 15, 1858.
New Series....No. 190.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment:
That .$5,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to
repair the light-house pier at Vermillion, Ohio.
I want simply to state that a recent storm has
broken the passage way by which they get to the
light-house. The light-house cannot be kept in
operation except by boats unless this appropria-
tion is granted. There was no time to place it
before the Light-House Board, as it is the result
of recent storms.
The question Was taken on Mr. Howard's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I oifer the
following amendment:
For lighting up and buoying the snags in the Mississippi
river, $100,000.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment seems
clearly out of order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I trust that it may
be discussed.
The CHAIRMAN. It is clearly out of order.
Mr. MA RSHALL, of Kentucky. Do I under-
stand the Chair to decide that it is not in order to
offer such an amendment when there is a propo-
sition in this bill to light up the St. Lawrence j
river? \
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
germane to the bill.
Mr. BLISS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For repairs upon the piers and works for the protection
of the light house just elected at the mouth of Black liver,
upon Lake Erie, Ohio, $10,000.
Last year we appropriated money to build this
light-house, and also to build the works to con-
nect it with the main land. Most of the light-
houses upon the shores of Lake Erie are placed
outin the lake, and it is necessary that they should
be connected with the main land. This light-
house has been built, and the wall connecting it
with the main land has been built, but the pier
opposite to it is old and dilapidated, and at the
commencement of the winter storms a portion of
it was swept away, so that the. work as it now
stands is exposed upon both sides to the storms
of the lake; and I am informed by Mr. Whipple,
who is the engineer of the work, that there is im-
minent danger, unless the pier be repaired, that
the whole thing will be swept into the lake in a
short time, and hence I offer this amendment. !
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to call
the attention of the committee to one thing. We
have a Light-House Board, and all these matters
have been examined by that board, and also by
the Committee on Commerce, and it cannot be ex-
pected that all these amendments which gentle-
men bring forward here can be put in the bill upon
the mere representation of members.
From the statement made by the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Howard,] in regard to the
recent disaster to the light-house at Vermillion,
I did not oppose that amendment, but I am op-
posed to this method of bringing in amendments
at the eleventh hour.
Mr. BLISS. The Light-House Board pay no
attention except to the construction of light-
houses.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is then-
duty to examine and report not only in relation
to the construction of light-houses, but also in re-
lation to all necessary repairs.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I more to
strike out the following paragraph:
" Muhi'irn.—For a light-house on the north point of the
peninsula dividing Giand Tiaverse bay, $6,030.5;
I want to ask the gentleman who reported this
bill whether a light-house has been built upon the jj
north point of the peninsula dividing Grand Tra- ]!
verse bay. i _ :
It will be observed that this bill provides for the |
mode of condemning real estate for light-house
purposes: it proposes to carry all the appropna- j!
tions that may now be made beyond the time jj
when they would be subsisting aceordinT to lav.', >'
190
so as to prevent them from reverting to the Treas-
ury, in order to keep up these light-house appro-
priations. Now I want to know how many of these
appropriations are for the rebuilding or repair of
; Hght-houses heretofore constructed by law, and
how far this bill proposes to extend the system,
and to create n$.w light-houses at new points?
For although I am in a small minority here, still
I want it to be understood by the country that,
while the voice of the Congress of the United States
is determinedly set against any improvement of
the western rivers and the channels of commerce
of the great interior, you give any sort of exten-
sion, at the instance of any sort of a committee,
to anything that is intended for the benefit of the
sea-board or lake commerce.
Mr. COMINS. In reply to the gentleman from
Kentucky, I will say that the light-house pro-
vided for m this paragraph, at the entrance of
Grand Traverse bay, was inserted upon evidence
in the possession of the committee, and is re-
quired by the increasing commerce at that point.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then this
light-house has not been provided for heretofore.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
strike out the next item, which is as follows:
" For a light-house on the oast side of Middle Island har-
bor, West Marquette, $5,000."
I shall move to strike out each particular item
in the bill, in order that we may understand, and
the country may understand, what we are about.
I ask the gentleman from Massachusetts if this
light-house has been provided for by law?
Mr. COMINS. This bill itself, as the gentle- -
man from Kentucky will see, if he will read it j
through, is to be the law upon which all the ap- !
propriations made by it are to be based. I
The amendment was disagreed to. j
Mr. PALMER. I ofTei the following amend- j
ment: I
For constructing a light-house on the breakwater m the '
harbor at Plait&buig, New Votk, $."> SUl). :
I do not wish to debate it, but I hope it will be j
adopted.
Mr. COMINS. We have passed that section
of the bill relating to New York, and the amend-
ment is, therefore, not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not m ord-r.
The following paragraph of the bill was then
read:
u Wisconsin.—For a lisrht-hou^e on Ore^n I.-3aml, or on
one of the adjacent islands. Gieen bay, $8,U00."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts if that is pro-
vided for by law?
Mr. COMINS. As I have before replied to a
question of this kind, and as the gentleman has j
given us to understand that he intends to move
to strike out each item in the bill, I think it un-
necessary to consume time in answering these !!
questions.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well, I
move to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. LETCHER. I am opposed to that amend- jj
ment for several reasons, not the least important I;
of which is that I find that Massachusetts gets !j
§81,000, Florida ^68,000,and Louisiana$69,000; 'j
being a little upvwmls of $000,000 for those three
States out of the $095,000 provided for m this 'j
bill. Now, my idea is that as this is a very small
amount for Wisconsin—only §6,000—it is well
enough, if we are going to pass the bill, not to
take what Wisconsin has from her.
Mr. COMINS. I rise to a question of order. ^
We have passed the section of the bill naakmg jj
appropriations for Massachusetts, and it is not j
therefore in order now to discuss that item. If 1
the gentleman from Virginia had spoken upon it j
when it was open to discussion, I would have j
replied to him, and defended that, as I am pre- i
pared to defend every item contained in this bill.
Mr. LETCHER." I do not thmk that the |
State of Massachusetts has passed through this 1
committee. It may have pasted so far as read- ;j
inp- is concerned, but there is a time coming when :
there will be a vote on Massachusetts. I say
that I do not understand exactly how this thing
is that two or three States are the only ones pro-
vided for in a light-house bill. They get all the
money, and little amounts are only thrown out
here and there to some few other States.
The amendment was disagreed to.
■ Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to in-
crease the appropriation $1,000, and I do so in
order to say a few words in reply to the gentle-
man from Virginia, who seems to think that these
appropriations are made to each State named. I
presume that this bill has been made up from es-
timates of the Treasury Depat tment, under the rec-
ommendation of the Light-House Board. They
have ascertained, with the means at their com-
mand, just what appropriations are necessary at
this time. There is the State of Maine, with a
coast of one thousand five hundred miles, and not
a dollar is appropriated for it. There is on the
contrary a provision that some two or three lights
shall be discontinued. I do not object, because I
presume that the Light-House Board and the
Committee on Commerce are informed on the
subject, and know where lights are wanted, and
where they need repair; and it is for the interest
of the commerce of Maine and the commerce of
the whole country, that these light-houses shall be
maintained where they are needed. These men
have been appointed as experts, and as properand
judicious men, and I think that unless it can be
shown that they have acted unwisely, we cannot
do better than follow their recommendations.
This is a small light-house bill; much smaller,
I believe, than any bill reported to this House for
the last seven years. I thmk that we ought to
pass it, and send it to the Senate.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-
man, the gentleman from Maine tells us that this
thing is done by experts; that these recommend-
i ations are all made by the Light-House Board,
j which has been created for the purpose of advis-
I mg us on the subject. He takes great credit to
■ himself that he goes for this bill, when there is
1 not a dollar for the State of Maine, although she
has a large coast. How much the State of Maine
has heretofore got, m the way of light-houses, I
do not know. 1 cannot tell without examination;
but I tell you this, sir, and I tell the country, that
under the pretense of lighting up the approaches
of commerce at points at which commerce should
be guarded, we are now entering upon a system
that will become permanent by reason of the very
expenses which we now incur under the auspices
of your Light-House Board.
Look at the reports of your Department of the
Interior. Look at the reports of the supervising
inspectors. See that millions of the property of
the people of the interior are sunk year by year
upon the great channels of internal commerce.
Yetthat is passed by without a woid. It is con-
sidered a)niostimpudencein a Representative from
the interior to ask for anything. Sir, I tell gen-
tlemen who live upon the sea-board, or wherever
else they may live m the country, that the great
interior has heretofore been considered an infant
settlement, but, thank God! the time is coming
when its representation m these Halls will take
this Government into their own hands. Then you
men who live upon the sea-board will know the
rules that we will put down upon you for the pur-
pose of ameliorating and prospering commerce. I
see the dawn ahead. 1 tell you that you may take
from the top of the Blue Ridge to the top of the
Rocky Mountains, and dominion dawns over that
which is now the gieat heart of the Republic.
We have been oppressed. We have been op-
pressed long enough. We will stand it no longer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Did not the
gentleman vote against the river and harbor bill
fast year ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the committee rise,
with a view of taking a recess
Several Members objected.
