2002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
mane to this question; and I have not time to go
into it, or I think I could make good all I have
said of it. I understand, then, that the only prac-
tical reason for asking for an abrogation of this
treaty is that we tnay seize Central America. 1 he
gentleman says that he does not desire to acquire
that territory except on fair terms. The treaty
does not keep us back from that. We can get it
on terms considered fair and honorable now.
Mr. CLINCrMAN. I will ask my friend, as
he says we can get it on fair and honorable terms
now, whether, if it was proposed to annex Nica-
ragua to the United States, it could be done with-
out the consent of Great Britain ?
Mr. RITCHIE. I was coming to that point.
As a matter of fact, we could not get it, because I
do not believe the parties interested would consent
to it. I say the treaty would interpose no bar,
but it leaves the parties in Central America to ne
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESSES.
Mr. HASKIN. Will the gentleman give way
for a moment to a privileged question ?
Mr. SICKLES. Certainly.
Mr. HASKIN, from the Willet's Point select
committee, offered the following resolution:
Whereas, Robert W. Latham, of the city of Washington,
District of Columbia, was, on the 27th day of Apiil, 1858,
duly summoned to appear before a committee of tins House,
appointed to investigate the facts and circumstances con-
nected with the sale and purchase of property at Wilkin's
or Wlllet-'s Point, Long Island, New York, by the Govern-
ment, for fortification purposes, in the year 1857, and has j
failed and refused to appear before said committee, pursu-
anttosaidsummons: "therefore,
Resolved, That the Speaker issue his warrant, directed to
the Sergeunt-at-Arms, commanding him to take into cus-
tody the body of the said Robert W. Latham, wherever to
be found, arid to have the same forthwith before the bar
of this House to answer contempt of the authority of the
i House.
Mr. HASKIN- I desire to say that on the day
   - --- j. j^r HASKijN. 1 desire to say mat on ineua-y
nWorGr a! lowing the subpenaing of that ge^eman, he
with the concurrence of Great Britain, or Great ,
Britain could with the concurrence of the United j
States, notwithstanding the treaty, enter into any ,
voluntary arrangement on the subject, if such a j
thing were desired. But I think it well that two j
of thegreatestPowersof the earth, so far as naval j
affairs are concerned, are restrained by this very j
treatv from hostilities with one another. I think ,
it we'll that we are placed in a position that our ,
citizens may peaceably emigrate to that country, ;
colonize it, and introduce there arts and industry
wrote to me that he had private business which
prevented his attendance, and that he would not
attend on the Monday following, although he had
said to the gentleman who had served the subpena
that he would attend on that day. As the commit-
tee desire to close its labors, I ask the adoption of
that resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
PRIVILEGES OF THE HALL.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to give notice that
of every kind. The treaty places no barrier in j silan( whenever I can get an opportunity, in-
the way of that. It simply places barriers in the 1 • -■   i.
way of hostilities, and the forcible seizure of that
country upon the part of either Great Britain or
the United States. It places no barrier in the way
of all legitimate and humane enterprises; but it
is well calculated to secure the world against
destructive contests with regard to that couti-
try.
There is nothing in it which prevents us from        . .
doino' what any good aild wise man should desire .j ecutimi of any claim pending before Congri"-s, Mi;
to do; but tliere^is that in it which prevents any   •-   
Power on earth from taking possession of the
isthmus without the consent of these two parties
to the treatv. That consent, of course, will never ,
be given, and thus that country xs protected from '
invasion by any Government. The treaty pre-
vents the commission with regard to Central
America of such acts as disgraced the Roman em-
pire—an empire founded upon force and fraud—a
people of whom Dr. Johnson well said, that when
they were poor they robbed other people, and
when they were rich they robbed one another—an
empire actuated by the sole desire of dominion
without regard to the rights and welfare of the
people over whom such dominion was claimed or
exercised. 1 know that in the couriM of a wise
Providence that empire was made the means of re-
moving obstructions to the free progress of Chris-
■ tiaiuty, but it has no more claim to consideration
011 that account, than has any other perpetrator
of crimes who is overruled for wise and good pur-
pose!
troduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Hill of the standing rules and orders
of ihe House be, and the same is hereby, rescinded, and that
in lieu thereof the following is adopted :
Mo person except members of the Senate, their Secre-
isuv. heads of Beptrtments. the President's Private Secre-
tary', thejudires of the United States, officers of the Army
or Navv, who, bv name, shall have received the thanks ot
Consols for their gaiiantrv oi cooil conduct displayed m the
seiviee ot tlicir counnj.and i-eeh as have been members ol
either House of Confess, who aie not engaged in tll<'pios-
ecutioil of any claim pending before Congre-s, shall be ad-
mitted within the Hall of the House of Representatives.
Mr. LETCHER. How does that resolution ,
get before the House? ;
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee gives notice that he shall introduce it. It
can be intiodueed, by unanimous consent, now.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. SICKLES. Mr Speaker 
Mr. GARNETT. With the permission of the
gentleman from New York, I suggest that this
question be laid over until the morning hour to-
morrow.
Mr. SICKLES. That would be agreeable to
is not to-morrow private
pe
Government of (he United States ltsell, as well as
of our people individually, to introduce a new era
in the history of the v/oild—an era of cultivation
as distinguished from an era of violence and con-
quest. The difference between the ruue savage,
a man who delights ill works of destination, and
who looks with delight upon a savage exhibition
of physical power, and the highly civilized man
who cultivates the field, and introduces the arts
and habits of industry in the place of arms, dis-
tinguishes the past from the present. What ap-
propriations do we make here? Nearly four fifths
of all the expenses of this Government are wasted
upontheArmy and Navyofthecountry—I should
not say wasted in the present state of the world,
for I admit a necessity for it so long as evil ex-sts
—but they are wasted m the view of any wise and
good man. The revenues of every nation ought to
be applied to the development of its industrial re- the
sources and its intellectual and moral cultivation; 1 
but instead of that they are wasted and thrown
away in diabolical and insane wars, and ill prep-
arations for military enterprises, fohope we shall
follow no such example as that of Rome, but that
we shall maintain peace with all nations; and as
one step towards doing so, observe this treaty,
and en form its obs"rvnnrp noon others.
Mi. olCKLLS obtsiih.d the Ih.or.
Mr. CLINGMAN.
bill day ?
Mr. COBB. I object to its postponement. !
Mr. GARNETT. I would say to the gentle-
man from Alabama, that the gentleman from Ne w ,
York prefers to have it go over until to-morrow. i
Mr. SICKLES. It would be more agre'eable '
to me to speak to-morrow. ,
Mr. COBB. My only object in objecting is to
facilitate the business of the House. |
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the gentle-
man fiom New York does not wish to proceed
to-day, let us go on and call the committees dur- '! nays
mg the rent of the morning: hour. 'r'''
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. To-morrow
is private bill day, and I object to its going over ^
to that day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If it goes over now, when
will it come up regularly again
The SPEAKER. On Tuesday morning. ;
Mr. SICKLES. If it can he postponed until
I that dav it will be equally agreeable to me.
! Sir. WRIGHT, of Georgia. I do not desire to
; interfere with the gentleman from New Yoik in
the arrangement lie has suggested, with the under-
standing that the question will bo still open after
the centleinan from New York shall have been
heaid, for other gentlemen to he heard who desire
to speak on thatsubject. I wish to accommodate
the confleman.
Mr. SICKLES. Then I move that the further t
consideration of this resolution be postponed till
Tuesday at one o'clock. j
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would inquire whether :
the Committee on Foreign Affairs will have the 1
floor then in the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It will not have the floor to
submit other reports. The committee has ex-
hausted the two mornings allowed to it under the
IUMr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. This matter
may be passed over informally now, and let the
balance of the morning hour be devoted to tho
reception of reports from committees.
The SPEAKER. By being informally passed
over, it will come up the first thing in the morning
hour on Tuesday next.
Mr. SICKLES. That is quite agreeable tome.
Mr. LETCHER. Would it be in order to move
to refer it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and let it be discussed there ?
The SPEAKER. Not while the gentleman from
New York is occupying the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. Nobody is occupying the
floor now.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I hope the House will
not passover this resolution. If it be confined to
the morning hour, it will probably occupy the re-
mainder of the session.
The SPEAKER. If there be objection, it can-
not be passed over.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Then I object.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to state that I
yesterday moved to refer the French spoliation
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union with a view to defeat it. I am op-
posed to the bill, and my object was to kill it.
Mr. HAWKINS. Would it be in order to move
that this subject be postponed till Tuesday morn-
ing ? „ ,
The SPEAKER. That is the motion of tne
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sickles.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
what will be the effect of postponing ? Will the
resolution come up in the morning hour; and then,
after the hour is consumed, will it be postponed
I till another day, and so be kept on till the wbote
S discuss'on has been gone through, before any
! other committee is called ?
| The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York moves to postpone till Tuesday at one
'> o'clock.
j Mr. COBB I ask the Speaker what has be-
ll come of the rule which the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr ClingmanJ himself forced upon
the House, to the effect that no committee shall
occupy the floor more than two days at any one
time ?
The SPEAKER. The example was set by the
committee of which the gentleman from Alabama
is chairman
Mr. COBB. It was not by my consent, though.
Mr JOJSES, of Tennessee. My own opimou
is, that this subject ought to go over, as two days
have been already devoted to it, that all the other
committees ought to be called, and that then we
ought to resume this subject. That, I think, ■
would be a fair construction of that rule.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee think that that is a correct interpre-
tation of the rule ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know.
I have not examined it very closely.
Mr. COBB. I move tho previous question.
Mr. KELSEY. I move to lay the resolution
on the table; and on that I call for the yeas and
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask whe'her
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sickles]
will be entitled to the floor, if the House proceeds
with the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New-
York is not entitled to the floor, having made a.
motion and surrendered the floor.
Mr. MILLSON. Is there a motion pending to
commit to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. There is no such motion
pending.
Mr. MILLSON. That motion may be made
if ti 10 previous question be not seconded:
The SPEAKER. Not pending the motion to
postpone.
Air. COMINS. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether, if this question be postponed till one
o'clock, it will come up in the morning hour, or
as a special order ?
The SPEAKER. It will not come up in the
momru hour.
