S026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Mr. CLAY withdrew his motion.
The Clerk read the following paragraph of the
biH:
" North Carolina.—For a beacon-range light at Ocracoke,
$750; and that a light be established at a suitable point at
or near Hatteras inlet: Provided, That the light-house at
Beacon Island, and the Ocracoke and Nine-foot Shoal
light-vessels, be discontinued after the erection and exhibi-
tion of the aforesaid beaeon light."
Mr. RUFFIN, I move to strike from that
paragraph the words " and Nine-foot Shoal light-
vessels," and in lieu thereof insert the words
** light-vessel."
Mr. Chairman, I have not occupied the atten-
tion of the House with a single Buncombe speech,
this session. My amendmentapplies particularly
to my district, {forth Carolina, although with an
extensive sea-board and a dangerous coast, has
never, during the five years I have been here,
been represented upon the Committee on Com-
merce; and in this bill there is a provision to take
from her the little that she has. I do riot ask by1*
my amendment that any appropriation shall be
made. I merely ask that a certain light-boat sta-
tioned in my district years ago, shall be permit-
ted to remain.
The amendment of Mr. RuFFiNwas agreed to.
Mr. RUFFIN. I move to add at the end of
the following paragraph the words, " at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury:"
" For a beacon-range light at Ocracoke, $750 ; and that
a light be established at a suitable point at or near Hattera^
inlet: Provided, That the light-house at Beacon Island, and
the Ocracoke light-vessel, be discontinued after the erec-
tion and exhibition ot the at'otesaid beacoa-hglU3."
The amendment was agreedto.
Mr. COMINS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at this place:
Georgia.—For a light-house at the proper point in St. An-
drew's sound, and for one in St. Catharine's* bound, Geor-
gia, $-20,000.
Mr. OLIN. I desire to know of the gentleman
from Massachusetts if these lights are recom-
mended by the Light-House Boards
Mr. COMINS. The information that the com-
mittee have been able to obtain in relation to St.
Andrews's and St. Catharine's Sound, Georgia,
is, that the navigation is difficult, and the channels
tortuous. The trade and commerce over these
waters is considerable, and the committee have
recommended the amendment. 1 hope it will be
agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Senate
—the committee having informally rose for that
purpose—by Asbury Dickiks, their Secretary,
mfoiming the House that the Senate had agreed
to the amendmentof the House to the first amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
406) making appropriations for the expenses of
collecting the revenue, insisted upon their fourth
amendmentdisagreed to by the House to said bill,
and asked a committee of conference thereon.
Also, that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, the bill of the House (No. 345) for
the relief of Nancy Magill, of Ohio.]
Mr. CLAY. 1 move to strike out the enacting
clause of this bill. 1 think we are legislating heit>
without due consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not debat-
able.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out, from linos
sixty-six to seventy-four, inclusive, as follows:
411 Lovi^i^na.—Forthc commencement and completion of
an iion "-fiew-pilo li«*ht lioij-c atorneai the enhance to the
enannel of the Mis&isvippi nvei, att!i^ Southwest au-
thorized August«}, 18r>4, in addition to Unj t< im'jr appropri-
ations as per estimate J. payo 10,5. (general fsumate of ap-
propriations lor Ib58 and 1S59,) ty$,0Q0.J>
The question was taken; and the Chairman
announced that the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I insist upon a count.
Mr. LETCHER. We do not know whether
there is a quorum here, and I ask for a count.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to state
that but eleven gentlemen voted in favor of the
amendment, which was not one fifth of a quorum.
Mr. LETCHER. The object is to ascertain
whethei there is a quorum present.
Mr. KEITT. I move that the committee rise
for the purpose of taking a recess.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for tellers upon that
motion, and then we shall know whether there is
a quorum or not present.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose;and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Barksdale reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly House bill (No. 550)
making appropriations for light-houses, light-
boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the erection
and establishment of the same, and for other pur-
poses, and had come to no resolution thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE HENATE. ■
A message was received from the Senate by Mr.
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed, with amend-
ments, a bill of this House, making appropria-
tions for deficiencies in the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask leave to re-
fer that bill, with the amendments, to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
that it be made a special order, and that all debate
thereon shall terminate in five minutes after the
committee shall have taken it up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask leave to make a re-
port from the committee of conference appointed
on the part of the House on House bill (No.
556) making appropriations for the Post Office
Department. The committee have been unable to
agreeon a report, and ask that they be discharged.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that the House in-
sist on its disagreement to the amendments of the
Senate, and ask for another committee of confer-
ence.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Phil-
lips, Wood, and Boyce, were appointed mana-
gers on the part of the House.
RECESS.
Mr. IvEITT. I move that, the House take a
recess till seven o'clock.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by substituting half past six o'clock.
Mr. XiLEITT. Why, it is half past five o'clock
now.
Sevoral Members. 14 No, no; it is only five
: minutes past five.''
j Mr. HOUSTON. While members are disput-
. ing about the time, I would like to offer a bill
i which ought to be passed, for the punishment of
! forgeries of land warrants, and that class of of-
, fenses.^
I Several members objected,
j Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
i my amendment.
; The question was taken on Mr. Keitt's mo-
! tion, and it was agreed to; there being, on divis-
i ion—ayes G6, noes 55.
1 So the Mouse (at ten minutes pastfive o'clock,
p. m.) took a reccss till seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled the following
bills; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 424) for the relief of Georgiana
M. Lewis; and
An aet(H. II, No. 345) for the relief of Nancy
Magill, of Ohio.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. COMINS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on tiie hght-liouse bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Barks-
dale m the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of House bill (No 550) making appropria-
tions for light-houses, 1,ght-boats, buoys, &c., and
providing for the erection and establishment of
the same, and for other purposes, the question
being on the amendment of Mr. Cox to strike out
the following words:
uLouisiantt>—For the commencement and completion of
an iion screw-pile lijjht-house at or near the entrance to
the channel of the Mississippi river, at the South west Pass,
authorized August 3, 1854, in addition to the fomier appro-
priation, as per estimate J, pnerc 103, (gcneial primate of
appropriations for 1858 and 1859,) $69,90G."
Mr. COX. I desire to say, that while I did not
intend to show any special hostility to this im-
provement in Louisiana—~
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
give notice that I shall insist on gentlemen con-
fining themselves to the subject of their amend-
ments.
Mr. COX. The gentleman's notice will come
in, perhaps, after I get through, if it has any per-
tinency to my remarks. I am not opposed to this
special improvement that I have moved to strike
out, any more than I am to any other item in the
bill; but I wish to say in this connection, that I
think this whole bill is got up from a sectional
point of view. I do not think it is based upon
any fair equalization of the expenditures for this
purpose throughout the whole country. I have
no special complaints to make as to any improve-
ments of that character for the State of Ohio 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now insist
on my point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to his amendment.
Mr. COX. I notice that this special improve-
ment calls for $G9,000 for an iron screw-pile light-
house.
A Member. What is that?
Mr. COX. I do not know. I would like to have
it explained. This bill, amounting to $290,000,
is rushed through so fast, and-read so rapidiv,
i; that none but a scientific man can get an intelli-
:j £ent idea of it. I do not know why it is that so
,j large an amount is appropriated for this place in
;j Louisiana. I know there are necessities m the
j West, not only for light-houses, but for other
jj purposes, that have not been provided for by this
| j or other bills; and I am free to say here, as a mem-
;j ber from the West, that that part of the Confed-
;! eracy has not been properly cared for m legisla-
:] tion of this character. When bills are sent To the
;! Senate to improve harbors and rivers that are not
for the benefit of the Atlantic sea-board, they arc
ruled out, and the Atlantic interest is votrd up, and
carried out with a high hand, even when great
complaints are made as to the exponditures of the
Treasury, and although we have had complaints
about the lankness of the Federal fob. All along,
the Democratic party has been held responsible
for all these expenses; while gentlemen on the
other side have been very prompt to vote them
when it suits their localities.
Now, I am willing to bear my share in the bur-
den of every vote here. I voted against the water-
works, the Capitol extension, and all schemrs of
that kind which were notindispensable;and I have'
moved to strike out this appropriation because I
do not believe it to be indispensable at the, present
time and in the present condition of the Tieas-
ury, when we are borrowing money and have no
money in the Treasury. 1 know we want light-
houses. We wanted them last year, but no appro-
priations, as I am informed, of any consequence,
jj were made for light-houses such as these, i voted
I; —if I may depart from the question for a moment
jj for the purpose of returning to it a^am—for the
J! ten sloops for ihe purpose of keeping the peace.
.! Mr. WASHBTJRiN E, of Illinois. I call the
u gentleman to order.
jj Mr. COX. I shall takea sheer round, and come
j! into order directly.
j| The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman mustcon-
Ij fine himself to hi« amendment.
j; _ Mr. COX. Now, Mr. Chairman, it is the pol-
icy of a good Government 
[Heie the hammer fell.]
|j Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I do not
'| like to consume the time of the House, but the
j| gentleman from Ohio has thought it necessary to
'j follow the example of other gentlemen who think
,| it fashionable, or that thev may gain something,
ij by pitching into Now Oileans. Now, I want to
ij ask you, pir,or any other member of the blouse,
| how the light house is to benefit. New Orh-ans?
j We have no people that deal in vessels. \Ware
an agricultural p< ople: and if there is conimeiee
j there, u is the commerce of you gentlemen m the
i North, the East, and the West; and the light-
