1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%wm
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 47, nays 103; as follows;
Andrews, Bennett, Bingham, Brayton,
Buffniton. dawson, Coi!a\, Damrell, Davi< of Man land,
DavN of Mas-achn efts, D.tvu of Jowa, Dean. Dodd*, Dur-
lee, FauNv>u!th. Faulknei, Fenton, Giauger, Grow, Law-
jonee VV. Hail, Dailan. Hoard, Horton, Hughes,George W.
Jones, Kel'ogg, Kelsey. Knapp, Leach, Lovejoy, Marteson,
Morgan, Fieoinan H. .Morse, Ohn, Palmer, Paiker, Pettit,
TloLbms Jud^on W. Shcinian, Stanton. William Stewart,
Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalaaer C. 'Washburn, Eliihu
B. Wa-hburne, Israel Washburn, and Winslow—47.
NAYS— Messrs. Abbott, Atkins. Avery, Bark«dale,
Bishop, Blair, Bliss, Bovce, Burliugame, Burnett, Burn?,
Ca^e. Caskie, John B. Clark, Ciav, Clemens, ChnL'man,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Coekenll, Comins, Covode, James
Cianr, Buiton Ciaige, Crawford, Currv, Davidson, Davis of
Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Do wait", Dick, Dowdell, Eng-
lish, Eu-tis Florence, Foley, Garnen, Gartreli, Gill is, Gil-
mer, G-egg, J. Morrison Harris. Thomas L. Harris,flas-
km, Dak-h, Hawkins, Hickman, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jewctt, J. Glancy Jones, Owen Jones, Kelly, Kilgore, La-
mat. Leiter, Letches, .Ms Queen, Samuel S. Marshall. Ma-
son, Mayna.-d, Mihson, E Uva;d Joy Moms r?aae N Mor-
ris, Mott, Kiblock, Pendleton. Phelp«, Phillips, Powell,
Purvianee, Reagan, Beniv, llicaud, Ritchie. Ituffin, Russell,
fc-andidge, Savage, Scale*, Seward, Aaron Shaw, John
Sherman, Shower, Siekhs Singleton, Robeit Smith, Wil-
liam Smuh, Spins)"!, Stahwortb, Stephen?, Steven*on,
Jam's A. Stewrm, Tompkins Tii'ppe. Underwood, Wade,
Watkine, White, Woodson, John V. Wright, andZoIhcof-
fer—103.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. SICKLES. I desire to withdraw my mo-
fon to postpone, if the gentlemetn from Alabama
will withdraw his cad for the previous question,
so as to enable me to move to recommit.
Mr. COBB. Only for that purpose ?
Mr. SICKLES. Only to make that motion.
Mr COBB. 1 cannot do it for that purpose. I
supposed the gentleman wanted to make a speech.
Mr. SICKLES. I do not desire to speak to-day.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit is
still ponding*.
Mr. COBB. Do I understand the gentleman
from New York to be a member of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, and to desire to speak?
Mr. SICKLES Yes, sir.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman promises me that
After he makes his speech he will renew the call
for the previous question, f will v> ithd'-aw it.
Mr. SICKLES. No, sii; I do not desire to
cutoff other gentlemen who wish to speak on this
subject. ,
Mr. COBB. Then I will stick fast to the call
Mt\ SICKLES. Then I adhere to my motion
to postpone till Tuesday.
Mr, STEPHENS, of Georgia. I trust the
House will vole down the previous question, a,id
let the gentleman speak.
Mr. COBB. I trust that the House will do no
such thins;, if it wants to get on with its business.
Mr. SICKLES. I hope the previous question
will be voted down, and I Cdll for telteis.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bl'ffinton"
and Shorten were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 83, noes 46.
So the pr'vous question was seconded.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is it in order
to move to proceed to the business on the Speak-
er's table, the morning hour having expired?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. as
the previous question has been seconded. That
is the psaetiee of the House.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon oidering tlrj main question to K* put. My
impression is that the House did not undo stand
the effect of the last vote. I desire to vote down
the mom question.
Tin* yea4? and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the House will, by
General consent, allow the gentleman from New
York |Mr. Sickles] to make his speech.
Several Memdf.rs objected.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
main question wasordcicd. I wish to inquireof
the Chair if the motion to postpone has not been
out off?
Tne SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. MTLLSON. If, then, the House recon-
siders the vote ordering the mam question, will it
not be competent to move to refer the resolution
to the Committee of the Whole on the state ol the
Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it w:Ih
Mr. CLINGMAN. On, no.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was mistaken.
The motion to postpone will be restored.
Mr. MTLLSON. I thought it was cut off.
The SPEAKER. The reconsideration would
carry the question back to the exact position that
it occupied before the previous question was sec-
onded.
Mr. MILLSON. I think the motion to post-
pone has been cut off.
The SPEAKER. Does not the reconsideration
restore it?
Mr. MILLSON. I think not; because the
House has already acted on the motion to post-
pone.
The SPEAKER. The opinion of the Chair is,
that if the motion to reconsider prevailed the mo-
tion to postpone would be restored to the position
which it occupied before the main question was
ordered.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to recom-
mit the resolution to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask leave to 'vithdraw that
motion.
Mr. MILLSON. I objret.
Mr. RITCHIE. Then I hope it will be voted
down.
Mr. LAWRENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. FAULKNER demamied tSie ye.is and
nays.
The yeas ana nays wf rc not ordered.
The motion to recommit was disagreed to.
Air. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to offn- an
amendment to the resolution.
Several Memt.vrs objected.
Mr. KELSE .. . Is there no amendment pend-
ing?
The SPEAKER. Tiiere is not.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. BLAIR. Will there be a separate vote an
the preamble and resolution?
The SPEAKER. There will, of course,.
The question i-urred on ordering the resolu-
tion to be ongro-"-ed and read a third tim'-.
Mr KELSEY demanded a division of the
House un that question.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded the yea3 and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 86; as follows:
\ EAS—Messrs. Adram, Anderson, Atkins, Aveiy. Baiks-
d.ile, Pushop, Blair, Bocock. Dn an, Burnett. Burn--, Ca^k.e,
John B Clark, Ciay, Clemen*,, Chninian. Ct/ab, John Coch-
rane. Coekenll. James Craig, Binton Craige, Crawford,
<'urrv, Davidson, Dewait, Dowdell. Edrnundson, Elliott,
English. Eu-t«s, Floienee. X-'oley, Gamell. Gillie, Gilmer,
Goode, Greenwood. Gregs, Groe^'beek.Lawrence W. Hall,
J. Morrison Hams Thomas L. Huns Ha-dcm, Hatch,
Hawkins Hickman, Ilmler, Jackson. Jenkins, Jewett, J.
Glancy Jones, Owen Jones. KelJotig. Ja^ob M Kunkel,
Landy, Lawienec, Leidy. McK.hhin. McQueen. Hum
phiev Mai-hail, Samuel" S. Mart-hull. Mason, Mnjnaid,
Sldler, Mooif, I-aac N. Moins. Mot*, Xib.ork. Pendleton,
P-'.'ton. Pnelp«. Pinlhpc, Beagan, K^ii'y, liieauii, RuiJiu,
Bih'ell. Sandidge. Scales, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Shoiter,
!*juzi( toil. JiObeit Smith, William Smnh, Stallworth. Sre-
^ Stvven'-on, Jamc?  A. Stcvvau.Tildeb Tavlor, Wat-
kms, White, Woodson, WortendyKe, Augustus 11. \vii2ht,
Jolin V. Wrniht, and Zolhcoffer—97.
N* AYS— Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Billinghurst,
Btncham, Bliss. Branch, Brayton. Burllnton, Burhngame,
Canipnell, Case, Chaffee, Horace F. Clark, dawson, Co!-
faw Comins, Covode. Ciagin, IJamrell, Davis of Mauland,
! D.ivia of Indiana, Daus of Mississippi, Davis ot Ma'r-Tchu-
' v..in, Davis of fowa, Dean, Diek, Dodd, Durfee, Farns-
w-Mtii. Faniknei, Fenton. Fo-*tci, Gaiuelt, Gidilmufs. Gd-
man. Goodwill. Giansr^i/Gtow, Boneit B. IIaU,Hailan,
lioaid. U'Uton, Ilowanl. Hnifhe-. George W. Jone«. Kel-
tev. Kihroie, Knanp, Lamar. Leach. L''ii<-r, Letcher,Love-
jov, Matteson, Md!«on. Morgan. Ciiward Joy .Morris. Free-
man li. Moise, Ohn. Palmer, P.i'kor, Pettit, Pike, Purvi-
aoee. Beady, Bitebie. UoiiniiN, .*ohn Siiei:iiau, Jud^on W.
Sncnnan, Stckk'3, Spinn'"-, S:a"t"n, Wdi.am Stewait,
Tappan, Tompkins, i.'nderwood. Wi'de, \Va'! idge, Vv<U-
dioii, Walton,(.\iuwatader O. Wa-himm, El!r m B Wash-
burn#'. Israel Washburn, Winte.e\, ana Winsbuv—86.
So the ]oint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and rci'l a third time.
Mr. CLINGMAN I demand the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the whole sub-
ject be laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The previous question does
not apply to the preamble.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then 1 demand the pre-
vious question on the preamble.
A Member. Do not the preamble and resolu-
tion go together ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair follows the prac-
tice of the last Congress, and one or two prece-
dents at the present session. The Chair thinks
it better to hold to the practice^ though he doubts
whether it is a sound one.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Does not the order to en-
gross the resolution cover the preamble?
The SPEAKER. The preamble has also to be
engrossed.
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table. •
Mr. CLINGMAN, I ask whether that mo-
tion is in order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it is.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Pending the demand for
the previous question ?
j The SPEAKER,. If the main question were
ordered it would not be.
Mr. SICKLES. It is in order, under the uni-
form practice of the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My impression wap, that
the call for the previous question would preclude
that motion, and would keep the business before
the House until it was disposed of.
Mr. FAULKNER. If it be in order, I move
to lay the*resolution upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from New York takes precedence.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I thought that the
previous question had been called on the resolu-
tion which is pending.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understood that when
the previous question was called and the Chair
decided there would be a division, that he also
decided that the preamble and resolution would
be under the operation of the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The only doubt in the mind
oft lie Chair was, as to whether the previous ques-
tion extended to the preamble. The practice in
the last Congress was, that the previous question
exhausted itself so soon as the resolution was dis-
posed of, and that it had to be again moved on
the preamble.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the motion to go to the
Speaker's tabla be voted down, then my motion
will come up.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The practice
in the last Congress was, I think, to vote on the
preamble after the resolution was adopted.
The SPEAKER. Not on a joint resolution or
bill, but on a simple resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I remember a
precedent in the case of a joint resolution.
Mr. GROW. There is the precedent, too, of a
bill annulling the laws of Kansas, where the pre-
amble was adopted after the bill had passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois I would in-
quire of the Chair, if that motion be adopted what
will be the situation of the resolution hereafter?
The SPEAKER. It will be upon the Speaker's
table.
The question recurring on the motion to pro-
ceed to business upon the Speaker's table,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The yeas and nays were taken; and there were
—yeas 93, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bingham,
Bwhop, Blair, Biiss, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Brayton", Bui-
jfuuon, Burhnsinme, Campbell, Caru'hers, Case, Chaffee,
Horace F. ClarK.dawson, John Cochrane, Coekenll, Col-
fax, Comins, Ciajy'i, James Ciaitr, Dairn^B. Davis oi Mar>
land.Davis ofindiiiM. Davis of Mississippi. Davis of Ma--
Mohusetts, DavN of Iowa. Dean, Dewait, Dick, Dodd,*
Durfee, Emott. English, Farnsworth, I^aulkun, Femoii.
I'lorenc", Garnett, Gidumgs. Gsihs, Gilman, Giiimn, Good-
will, Gianger. Gregg, Grow, Soheit B. Hall, Hatch, Hoard,
Horton, Houston, Hughes, Jack-on, .i. Glancy Jones, Kel-
pev, Landy, Luuch, Letcher. M.'Q'iO'.'u, Miller, MuWon,
Moons. Moigan, Freeman fl. Moise, Paike.r. Pendleton,
Pettit, Phillips, Pike, Purviauce, BueSne, Bobbins, Itoyee.
Savage, Sickles. Spinner, Tappan. Tnppe, Wade, W«M-
bridste, WaSdion. Walton,Cad\valad r C Wa-hburo, Eliihu
B. W.-Nhburne. fsraei Washburn, Wmte, Wmslow, and
Wortciuiyke—-frl.
jSAYS—Me sr*. Adiam, AnJ.-rson, Alkms. Aver}.
Barksdaie. Burnett, Burin. Ca>kie, John B. Ciaik, Ci.;\,
Clemens dmsmau. Cubb. Covode, Burton Craige, Cjaw-
ferd, Currv. DovvdHl Edtnundson. Eu*us, Fuiey. Gartr'-'l,
Goode, Greenwood. Croesbei k. Lawrcnce W. Hall. Har
Urn, J. Mon,son ILuas, Thomas L. Harris. Hawkins,
Howard. IIiukT. Jenkins. George W. Jones, Owen Jouc ,
K"]!o«!j, Kilsjoi'1, .Taeob >T. KunkW, f-avvrcnce, L^iU'i,
Lo-.-^'i,., M*-Huniparey Mai.-iia!i. Maiie.-on, May-
