1838.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
Clerk of the House has a laborious duty to per-
form, and a highly responsible one; and I have
faith in him that he will perform that duty. There
is required of him not. only skill, diligence, intel-
ligence, but a high degree of integrity. The po-
sition of the reading clerk is also a highly re-
sponsible one. So likewise with the others. I ask
the House whether it is prepared to go for the
amendment, which increases the compensation of
any of the clerks enumerated in the first section?
I ask them if they will not vote for the bill as re-
ported, in preference to any substitute proposing
to swell the compensation of any one, or all of
them ?
The only difference between the substitute pro-
posed and the bill reported by the committee is,
as I understand it, in regard to a single clerk,
whose salary the substitute proposes to raise from
$2,160 to $2,500.
The second section reads as follows:
" And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the House
of Representatives be, and he is hereby, authorized to em-
plo v three messengers at a compensation of $3 per day each
during the year, and not cxcceding eight messengers at a
compensation of per day each during the session of Con-
gress ; and two laborers at a compensation of $1 50 each
duiinji the year, and not exceeding six laborers at a com-
pensation of $1 50 each during the time employed."
Sir, I pause here; and I ask the House with
confidence whether the compensation here pro-
vided is not liberal? I ask the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Smith,] where they sell corn at ten
cents a bushel, and where the salary of $1,000 is
deemed enough for the chief magistrate of the
State 
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
allow me 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I wish to say that
when Illinois adopted her constitution she was not
able to pay the interest on her debt, and there was
patriotism enough in her citizens to work for sim-
ply enough to pay their expenses, and even for
less. The salaries of the governor and judges were
fixed; not because we did not believe that their
services were worth more, but we thought it more
honorable to pay our debts, and to work for noth-
ing at all, if necessary, so as to be able to do that.
I trust that is a satisfactory explanation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I know the gentle-
man has a glorious people; but I reckon they are
notdisposed to work for love and glory alone, any
more than are other people. Their chief magis-
trate, as I understand, gets $1,000 a year; and
their chief justice, who has to expound the laws
of the country, $1,300. And is it to be supposed
that a messenger of this House—respectable to be
sure, but fromwhom no high degree of intelligence
or learning is to be expected—cannot put up with
a salary equal to what the governor or chief jus-
tice of Illinois receives?
Again, here are laborers provided for at §1 50
a day. How many men are there in the country
who would be glad, especially at the present time,
to get fifty cents a day? But these men get $1 50
because we are told that Washington is'an expen-
sive place to live m. I ask this House, and ask
it with confidence, to look back to the sources of
their power, and to inquire how many there are
among their constituents who would not take a
hop, skip, and jump, at these places, at the com-
pensation provided for in the bill5
The third section reads as follows:
" And be it further enacted. That the Clerk of the House of
Representatives be, and he is hereby, authorized to employ
one clerk at a salary of ,$1,800, and one cleik at a salary of
$1,400 per annum, to continue the alphabetical index of
private claims: Pioiided, That such cletks shall be em-
ployed only tor such time as may be actually required to
complete the woik to the close of the present Congress."
Mr. HILL, i ask the gentleman from Virginia
to answer me the same question with reference to
the second section, whether it authorizes an in-
crease or diminution of pay?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. This is not a re-
duction in the number of employes, as I under-
stand it, but a reduction in the rate of pay.
Mr. HILL. I now repeat the same question
in reference to the third section.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I presume this is no
reduction of compensation; but of this I am not
advised. The chairman of the committee can in-
form the gentleman better than I can.
Mr. MASON. I understand, fromagentleman
who has had long experience in performing that
business, that he is willing to take this work at
$1,800, and that another gentleman is willing to
take the other place at $1,400. There is no dif-
ficulty at all in getting competent men to fill the
offices at the prices we have named.
Mr. HILL. Do I understand the gentleman
from Kentucky to say that these are as competent
men as the ones now in office?
Mr. MASON. One is a man who has been car-
rying on this business, and is willing to go on un-
til the end of the present Congress, at $1,800.
Mr. FIILL. Is he the present incumbent?
Mr. MASON. No, sir; but he is here in town,
and ready to take the position.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The fourth section
is as follows:
"Arul beit further enacted, That the compensation of the
Doorkeeper of the House of Representatives shall hereafter
be $2,160 per annum."
That is the present salary, being twenty per
cent, advance on the original salary; and it very
properly has not been reduced. The fifth section
reads:
And beit further enacted, That the Doorkeeper of the
House of Representatives be, and he is hereby, authorized
to employ a superintendent of the foldmg-room at a com-
pensation of $1,800 per annum ; and that he may employ,
under the direction of the Committee of Accounts of the
House of Representatives, such number of folders and la-
borers as may be deemed necessary to perform the woik;
and alM),that he may employ, under the direction of the said
committee, two horses dining the session of Congress; and
that he may leceive a suitable allowance for expenses in
sending mes5 agesanddi,?patche&by messengers and pages."
For the reasons stated by the gentleman over
the way, [Mr. Nichols,] a large number of em-
ployes were in "the folding-room during the last
Congress; and it is one of the unhappy conse-
quences of employment here, that when a man
once gets his finger into the public service, he
never takes it out. He appeals to the good nature
and forbearance of his employers, and manages
to work along. I suppose the gentleman from
Kentucky, who is the chairman of the Committee
of Accounts, has found it necessary to regulate
this matter by a law. A great abuse always has
existed, and always will exist, unless the super-
vising eye of some committee is to control it.
Mr. HILL. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Virginia a question. If I understand him right,
he says that when a man once gets his hand into
the Treasury he never takes it out. Now, I should
like to know whether there is not a new set of
clerks in some of these offices, and what has be-
come of the old ones'
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The old ones were
compelled to go with tears in their eyes, and the
new ones think it very hard indeed, as they have
i not had a taste for a*long time, that Democrats
i should cut them down. But, sir, I care not for
that. As a Representative of the people, I seek
to advance the cause of the particular party with
which I am happy to cooperate. I should be very
happy in dividing up fat places, cmteris paribus,
to give a friend the preference; but I will not vio-
l! late the principles of that party to pander to the
" interests of a friend.
Section six of this bill reads:
« And be it farther cnaclcd, Tint the Dooikeeper of the
House of Representatives be, and he is hereby, authomed
to employ not exceeding fourteen'messengets at a com-
pensation ot three dollars per day each pet annum ; and not
exceeding eleven messenger at a compensation ol three
dollars each per dav during the session of' Congress; and
not exceeding lour laboreis at a compensation of $1 50 each
pei day during the year; and not exceeding hve laboreis at
a compensation of £1 50 per day each duimg the session of
Congress; and not exceeding twenty pages between the
ages ot ten and sixteen years, at a compensation of per
day each during the session of Congress."
He is to have fourteen messengers at three dol- !
j lars per day—Sundays included. There are no |
intervals as in private employment. The em- j
ployes are paid, and paid without interruption, j
when in the employment of Uncle Sam. Three j
dollars per day—more than one thousand dollars j
a year—and nothing to do a good part of the j
time. Now, sir, I have been reading this bill seri- 1
atim, section by section, so that, if the people of j
the country do me the honor to read my remarks, j
they will understand the subject and see how the j
public Treasury is run away with and squan- j
dered. Under the former system the service was j
performed quite as well as now, and this bill pro-
poses a compensation of three dollars per day,
which is an increase on the former compensation.
I now read the seventh section:
"And be it further cnacte/i. That the compensation of the
Postmaster of the House of R e pr esen tati ves sh a H hereafter
be $2,160 per annum."
Mr. HILL. I desire to say that I have no feel-
ing whatever upon this subject—not the least tn
the world. I am seeking merely for information.
I do not even know how I shall vote on the bill.
I desire to know of my friend from Virginia
whether he has made an estimate's to the results
of this measure; how much it would save to the
public Treasury?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not know. A
member of the Committee of Accounts, when the
same question was propounded to him, stated that
he presumed it would save fifty or seventy-five
thousand dollars That is the opinion which has
been expressed on this floor. I know nothing
about it.
Mr. MASON. Will the gentleman allow m£
to make a single remark ?
Mr. SEWARD. I object to this farming out
the floor in this way.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am entitled to the
floor, and I yield it to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky for explanation.
Mr. MASON. I wish to say in reply to the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Hill,] and to other
members of the House, that we did not go into
this matter for the purpose of retrenchment and
reform only. We found everything in an unset-
tled condition; wc found everything in confusion,
and we thought it due to the House to settle
for itself what number of officers should be in its
employ, and at what compensation. We thought
that as committees had been appointed to inves-
tigate the frauds of the last House of. Represent-
atives, this body hnd better set its own House in
order before it found fault with others. We have
done what we have done with reference to having
competent officers, and with reference to having
, the duties discharged, and not with a view of
i punishing one or rewarding another,
j Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have thus sub-
I mitted my views upon this subject. I can assure
j the House that I have hesitated in the perform-
; ance of this duty. I have been pressed by gentle-
j men around me to forbear. I have been appealed
I to to let the present system alone; and I was at
! one time almost disposed to yield to that appeal,
i But, sir, it has been my habit, when my afFec-
j tions are appealed to against a sense of duty, to
j resist that appeal. I believe that the compensa-
t tion allowed here is liberal; I believe it is ample.
! I might indulge in a train of remark to show that
j this course is safer. At any rate I will strike
I where I can, to prevent every hungry and needy
I eye from turning towards this Government as the
I Mahommedan does towards Mecca for support.
| I will not encourage men to come up here in
j crowds and cluster round this Hall at the organi-
i zation of every Congress. I will not recognize
| by my action or influence that great element of
■ consolidation which is involved in the compen-
] sation of our officials of every kind.
; Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. The gentleman
I says he will not encourage parties to come up
I here from eveiy section of the country for offices.
Will he tell me how many from his district alone
are now in official positions under the Govern-
ment ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
that is not a pertinent question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Allow me to Say
that it does not become the member from New
I York 
1 The SPEAKER. It is not competent for the
I gentleman to discuss that matter.
< Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Mr. Speaker, I feel
i; that, if I were called to decide on this question
!i now, I must necessarily vote in the dark. We
! have a bill here which proposes to fix the num-
| ber of the employes of the House, and also to fix
their compensation. I infer, from the debate
which has taken place, that the object of the bill
I is to reduce the expenditures of the Government.
■ I am disposed to do what I can to reducc the un-
I necessary expenses of the Government, and, if
i the debate which has ensued is a correct indica-
i tion, I sympathize with this bill. But, sir, I have
! not the information I desire; and I am inclined to
! the opinion that the members of this House gen-
! erally do not know how many clerks, doorkeep-
! ers, and other employes of the House there are
' now existing under the law, and what is their
I compensation. Therefore, I am in favor of giving
