2004
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
nard, Edward, Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morns, Mott, Olin,
PaJmer, Peyton, Phelps, Powell, Ready., Reagan, Redly,
Iticaud? Ruffin, Russell, Sandtdge, Scales, Seward, Aaron
ShSw, John Sftefman, Judaon W. Sherman, Shorter. Sin-
g4etGn, Robert Smith, William Smith, Staltworth, Stanton,
Stephens, Stevenson, Jame$ A. Stejcvarj, William Stewart,
Tnjmikios, Underwood, Warkins, Whitney. Woodson,
Augustas R- Wright, John V. Wright, and Zol'licoffer—83.
£!p tbe House-determined to proceed to the con-
sideration-of business upon the Speaker's table.
. Peadingtbe call of the roll,
Mr, STEPHENS, of Georgia, said: I am anx-
ipus to proceed-to the business on the Speaker's
table, but as so much time has already been taken
up with this matter, I think we had better finish
it; therefore, I vote 4< no."
Mr. LETCHER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hopkins, was detained from the Hall by sick-
ness.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA.
The SPEAKER announced the first business
on the Speaker's table to be the bill for the ad-
mission of Minnesota into the Union; and that
*rpe« that question the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I believe the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] is en-
titled to the floor. I yielded it to him yesterday.
NAVY REFORM.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gemlemanwill give
way a moment, I desire to ask the House to take
up the joint resolution which was returned from t
the Senate this morning in conformity to a re-
questof the House made yesterday, in order that
we may correct a clerical error therein.
No objection being made, the House took from
the Speaker's table a resolution to extend the op-
eration of an act entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled 4 An act to promote the efficiency of
the Navy,' " approved January 16,1857.
By unanimous consent, " 1859" was substi-
tuted for 44 1858," so as to extend the operation
of the act to 1859 instead of to 1858—the error
being a clerical one.
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia.. I wish to ad-
dress the House upon this subject, but i do not
desire to proceed to-day. If there is no gentleman
who wishes to go on this evening, I ask the House
to second the previous question upon this bill,
and indulge me in making what remarks I desire
to-morrow; the House, in the mean time, pro-
ceeding to other business.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. I desire to address
the House a short time upon this subject, but I
did not expect to do ir just at this moment.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Cannot the gen-
tleman go on now?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I prefer to wait
until to-rnorrow, as 1 did not expect to occupy
the floor just now.
Mr. COBB. Let us proceed to something else,
and allow this bill to go over.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If we open
debate again, I apprehend that twenty more gen-
tleman will want to speak.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let them speak.
What objection is there?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, and others.
Want of time.
Mr. COLFAX. I understand the gentleman
from Georgia desires a vote upon this bill to-mor-
row. To-morrow will probably be the last objec-
tion day duiiuir this session, and it ought to be
devoted to the consideration of the Private Cal-
endar exclusively. And therefore I hone, if it is
postponed, it wiii be postponed until Saturday,
or any other day, so' that it may not interfere
with private bills to-morrow.
Many Voices. Let us take the vote now.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 did notercpect
to conclude this debate without allowing ail to
speak upon this subject who wished.
Voices. Take the vote to-night.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Very well. I
am willing that the vote should betaken to-night.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 feel some reluct-
ance in speaking upon this subject at the present
time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope gentle-
men all around will understand that it is my pur-
pose to take 'he vote on tins bill to-night.
[Cries of <( Agieed, r.gr«:ed.M]
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland* I understand the
gentleman from Virginia to say that he is going to
speak somewhat unexpectedly, and I understand,
also, that there is a message from the President on
the table. What I now wish to suggest is, that
the message may be now submitted to the House
in order to give some little additional time to the
gentleman from Virginia, if such b# agreeable to
him.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am very much ob-
liged to the gentleman, but I will proceed now.
The SPEAKER. The message is very short.
It is in response to the other branch of the inquiry
that came uo the other day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Various views*have
been presented on this important question, the
importance of which I myself feel, and which I
am disposed to consider; and I now ask the atten-
tion of the House, while I present the results of
this consideration. I hold that it is very clear that
we ought not lightly, and without due and proper
consideration, to add to the number of States in
our Federal Union. We ought, at least, to see
that they come in, in strict conformity with the
Constitution. In the consideration of this subject
I shall beg leave to state a few general principles,
and to make some considerable references to au-
thorities. I shall not indulge m many specula-
tions of my own; but I shall seek, from the estab-
lishment of principles, to demonstrate the propri-
ety of the conclusion to which I think this House
ought to come.
It becomes interestingto inquire—and the House
will readily see that this question is involved—
what constitutes a country or a nation? I should
suppose it to be clear and undoubted, that in the
cieation of our Federal system and in the adop-
tion of our Constitution, it was designed to cover
the citizens or the people of the United States,
and them only. Is it possible, can it be seriously
considered, that in the formation of the Consti-
tution of the United States, it was the purpose
and intention of our fathers to provide a Consti-
tution for persons who were not citizens of the
United States? I beg gentlemen to pause here,
and to look at the question m this single light.
In the formation of our Federal Constitution was
it designed for any others than the people of the
United States, being citizens thereof? I main-
tain, sir—I have frequently maintained, and am
prepared, if I can £am the attention of the House,
to maintain now—that in the action of our system,
in all its ramifications and parts, we must look to
this great fundamental principle, thatour Consti-
tution was framed for the people of the Union,
being citizens of the United Slates, and for no
others. I will refer to Vattel—in sections one
hundred and twenty-two, two hundred and twelve,
two hundred and thirteen, and two hundred and
fourteen—for the purpose of showing that the
term "country" signifies "the Stale of which
one is a member;" and is " thus understood in
the law of nations."
This doctrine is fully maintained in the Dred
Scott decision. Chief Justice Taney, in deliver-
ing the opinion of tbe court, said:
'•The wouls ' people of the United Slates' and' citizens'
are syuouyinoud teims, and mean the same thing."
lie also said:
" It is true, evry person, and every class and desciiption
of per-ons, who were af the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution recognized a.- citizens in the several States, be-
came alsocirueris of tins new political body, but none other.
It was formed by thcin, and for thorn and then posterity;
but for no one <>l-e. And the p nsonal rijhts and privileges
guai an tied toeitUen* of tin.? new.-nveieigntv were intended
to eaibiace tho^e only who weie then niembeis of the sev-
' etnl State communities, or who r-nouid nfterwairti bv hiith-
ri^iit or otheiwis? become memhet at.etcding 10 the pro-
visions of the mon, and the piuieiplo® on Yiliicb it
was founded. Ir \v.i = tii•* union of t'eo.^c who v,v:e ar that
time member of distinct and ceparnte polities! ronrniru-
tsc<. into one political !«.nniy, who.;e power, 'ot certain spe-
cified puipo-es. was to extend over the whole temtory of
the United t.ite&."
This is the true doctrine; and, if remembered
! and respected, will furnish an easy solution of
many of the questions involved ia this discussion.
The distinction between citizens and aliens will
be found laid down in Vattel, sections two hun-
dred and twelve and two bundled and thirteen.
The distinction between citizens and foreigners is
clearly marked there. In the two hundred and
. fourteenth section it is laid down that naturaliza-
| tion is one means, and the only means, by which
! a foreigner can be declared a craven of a country.
Tni.s being the doctrine, I piopoac now to read
from various authorities on the subject, to show
not only the policy, but the true doctrine which
bears on this subject. It is known to us all that,
in the Constitution of the United States, there is
a clause designed to secure uniformity throughout
the Union in the naturalization of foreign born.
But it is a subject so clearly demonstrated that it
was absolutely necessary that the power should
be confined to the Federal Government, that it did
not produce the briefest discussion. It is a curi-
ous fact that, in the convention which framed the
Constitution,there was notoneword of discussion
on that subject. Mr. Randolph, who was the chair-
man of the committee to whom the subject of draft-
ing the Constitution was first referred, says:
" But anhe convention had originated from Virginia, and
his colleagues supposed that some proposition, was expected
from them, they had imposed this task upon him."
Mr. Randolph also said:
ii A provision for harmony among the States, as in trade,
naturalization, See.., must be made.'3
Maik you, sir, that Mr. Randolph, in making
his report, said that there were certain great sub-
jects in which there should be no division of opin-
ion, m which there should be harmony between
all the States. One of these is naturalization.
That is not all. In May, 1787, Mr. C. Pinck-
ney submitted a draft of a Constitution, in which
is found the power 44 to establish uniform rules
of naturalization.*" June 15, 1787, Mr. Patter-
son, of New Jersey, submitted a draft of a con-
stitution, in which is found a power " that the
rule of naturalization ought to be the same in
every Slate."
Sir, as I said before on this specific grant of
power, there appears to have been no discussion.
Its* necessity, its propriety, its fitness, seem to
have been universally conceded; and 1 desire to
call attention to the fact for the purpose of ena-
bling tiic House to follow me, I trust satisfacto-
rily, to the conclusions which I shall draw.
Out, sir, that is not ail. Judge Story, in his
essay on the Constitution of the United States,
treats this subject. Pie depicts the evils to be
avoided; and, although I may weary the House,
yet I will read from that book. In sections 1098
and 1099, volume three, of the edition in my pos-
session, Judge Story says:
" 1093. The ptoprtefy of confiding the power to establish
a umioi in i ale oi naiuuhzation to the national Government
seems not to have occasioned any doubt or controversy in
the convention. For aught that appeals in the journal*, it
was conceded without objection. Under the Confedera-
tion, the Stated possessed the soie authority to exercise the
powm j and the dissimilarity of the sy&tem in different
States was generally admitted, as a prom:nent defect, and
hud the fo imi.uion of nr-iny dehcats and intricate ques-
tion*. A* Lhe fiee inhabitants of e<u:h Slate were entitled
to ail fh ' privileges and immunities of citizens m all the
ot.iei Si/ites, u followed that a &in?!e State por-sessed the
pow<j>- of toremg into eveiy other State, with the enjoj ment
of every immunity and puvilege, any nl.en whom it might
e hoo.-.e to incorpoiate into its own society, however repug-
nant Mich admission might he totheir polity, conveniences,
and even prejudices. In effect, eveiy finite possessed the
powei of naturalizing alien - in every other State - a power
as mischievous in ifsliature a* it was inu^creot m its actual
exeici-e. In one Sine, residence lor a short time might,
and did, confer the rights of citizenship. In others, quali-
fications of greater importance were lequired. An alien,
therefore, incapacitated for the possession of certain rights
by the laws of the latter, mignt, bv a previous residence and
naturalization in the former, elude at plea<iu?  U their sal-
utaiy regulations for sell ptofehon. Thus, the law* of a
single State were preposteioiMv lendeied paiamount to the
laws of all the otheis, even within their own iu i*diction.
• And u has been remarked, with equal truth and justice,
that it was owing to men* eaMialtv that the exerej-fj of tins
power, under the Confederation, did nor involve the Uruou
in the most venous ombdira-wnents. Tnere is great wis-
dom, therefore, m confiding to the national Government tho
power to establish a uniloi.n iitie of naturalization thiougii-
ont the United States. It is of the deepest jnteiest to the
whole Union to know who aie entitled to enjoy the rights
of citizens m each Staff. «ii>oe they thereby, m effect, be-
come entitled to the lights of citizen* in all the State*. If
alien* mignt be admitted indiscnmntatelv to enjoy all the
rndit<ot < itizens at the will of a «in2ic State, the Union
U.-elf iniirhf he endangered by an inllu\ of Ibienrner*, hostile
to it® irr-titutions, ignorant of it* powers, and incapable of
a due e-tiinaie of its privileges.
" 10&9. it follow?, ftom the very nature of the power, that
to be useful, u unM be e\chiMve ; for a coneuirent power
in the State* would hiing back ail the evils and emiuna-s-
ments which the unifoin't lul.-of the Constitution was uo-
fei^ned to lemedy. And, accordingly, though theie wax a
momentary hesitation, when the Con>tituuon fu-t went
into operation, whether tho power tnezlit not btnl he cxer-
ci-i-d [>y the State*, subject only to Uie co.inol o, Congre-s,
s>o far as the legislation of the latt"i extended, a* the su-
preme law, vet the power nmv fiimiv established to be
evolutive. (Seethe Federalist, iVo. 3*2,4:2; Chirac v. Chirac,
:2 Wheat. R. 209, 2o9, Raw'e on the Con-t ch 9, p. til, to,
to Hon den v. Mooie, f> Wheat. It. 43, 49; Golden i.
P-mce. 3 Wa h. Ctr. Ct. R. 213.3-2! ; I Kcni's Comm. Lect.
10, p. y97 \ 1 Tucit. Black. Comm. App. doj to 2a9.) The
