8028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
cock, Bnnham, Branch, Burnett, Caskie, John B. Clark,
Clay, ClPinens, Cobb, Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige,
Curry, Curtis, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dean,
Dewart, Dimrmck, Dowdeli, .Elliott, English, Faulkner^
Foley, Gartrell, Gregg. Thomas L. Hams, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Jackson, Jewett, George XV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Lamar, Leiter, Letcher, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, May-
ward, Millson, Nihlack, Ohn, Pendleton, Peyton, Powell,
Hicaud, Savage, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, William
Smith, Stanton, Stevenson,Talbot, Trippe, John Y.Wright,
and Zoilicoffer—61.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the vote by yeas and nays,
Mr. ATKINS stated that if he had been in
when his name was called he would have voted
"no."
Mr. COCKERILL stated that he had paired
off with his colleague, Mr. Harlan.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, and Mr.
ADRA1N asked leave to vote, not being present
when their names were called.
Objection was made.
Mr. COMINS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had agreed to a further
committee of conference on the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to a commit-
tee of conference on the mail steamer appropria-
tion bill.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled the fol-
lowing bills; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H, R. No. 56) making an appropria-
tion for the completion of the military road from
Astoria to Salem, in Oregon Territory;
An act (H. R. No. 650) granting an invalid
pension to William Randolph;
An act (H. R. No. 631) granting an invalid
pension to John Holland, of Arkansas; and
An act (H. R. No. 513) granting an invalid
pension to William Howell, of Tennessee.
MAIL STEAMEU APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SICKLES. I rise to a privileged question.
X desire to make a report from the committee of
conference on the ocean mail vSteamer bill.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of further conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the hill (II. It. No. 5«>8) making
uppiopnations for the United States ocean mail service for
tlio y<\u ending the 30th of Jmi# , 1839, having met, have,
after a full and free conference, agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses, as follows :
That Hie Senate do recede fiom its liist amendment. *
That tne House do recede ftom its non-ooncuirence in
the third amendment of the Senate, and concur in said
amendment, Willi amendments, as follows:
Insert the word " new" between the word " othei'' and
the word " contract," at the end of the third line of said
amendment.
Strike out the woid if nve," in the fifth hue of said thiid
amendment, and insert tne word "two" in lieu thereof;
and add at the end of said amendments the words, "nor
for any other compensation than the sea and inland post-
ages on the mails so transported."
That the Hout-e do recede from its non-concurrence in
the fourth amendment of the Seriate.
That the Senate do recede from its fifth amendment.
J. 11. HAMMOND,
S. R, MALLOKY,
JOHN P. HALE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
D. E. SICKLES,
M R. H. GARNETT,
JOHN C. KUNICEL,
Managers on the part oj the I-iousc.
Mr. SICKLES. The first amendment of the
Senate was to strike out the following:
For transportation of the maild from Now York to Liv-
eipoo). and kick. ,$3-46,500; and it is hereby provided that
there be paid to the Post Office Department, out of said ap-
propriation, such suras as may be required to piocure the
trainpouation of the mail? from New York to Liveipool,
and back, on such days as the Collins line may fail to take
thorn hum New York."
And to insert, as follows:
For transportation of the mails fiom New York to Liver-
pool, and hack, in pursuance of the contract with E. K.
Coihns and others, (5^46,500. And it U hereby provided, That
lor such days as the &aid Collins and others shall fail to per-
form said .-eivice, the Postmaster General is authorized to
contract with the owner or owners of any other steam ves-
sel or vessels to perform said service, by transporting the
mails fiom *ueU port in the ('nited States to such port in
Gi^at Britain as he may select, and that the cost thereof be
deducted fiom any amount which maV be due, or may be-
come due, to E. K. Collins &, Co. for services actually per-
formed. And the Postmaster General may, with the con-
sent of the contractors, change the European termination
of said route, under the contract aforesaid, from Liverpool
to Southampton.
The Senate recede from the whole of that amend-
ment.
The next amendment of the Senate was as fol-
lows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That it thai! not be
lawful for the Postmaster General to make any steamship
or other contract for carrying the mails on the sea for a
longer period than five years.
The committee of conference recommend a con-
currence in that with three amendments:
1. Strike out " five" (years) and insert "two" (years.)
2. Insert the word "new" after the word "any."
3. Add at the end : "Nor for anv other compensation than
the sea and inland postage on the mails so transported."
So that the section will read:
That it shall not be lawful for the Postmaster General to
make any steamship or other new contract for carrying the
mails on the sea for a longer period than two years', nor for
any other compensation than the sea and inland postage on
the mails so transported.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it intended by this to give
the Postmaster General authority to make con-
tracts for two years, so as to deny to Congress
the right to regulate this matter next session ?
Mr. SICKLES. Certainly not.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Does that pro-
vision apply exclusively to the foreign mail ser-
vice, or does it apply to the coast service ?
Mr. SICKLES. The provision is so compre-
hensive as to include any and all service on the
sea.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Then it embraces
the route from Charleston to Savannah ?
Mr. SICKLES. It applies to all new contracts
for any service performed by sea, no matter
whether it be performed between this country
and Europe, or between two ports of this coun-
try, provided it is done over sea.
Mr. LETCHER. Then it -takes away from
Congress for two years to come all power over
the subject. If the Postmaster General chooses to
inake a contract for two years, Congress cannot
meddle with it.
Mr. SICKLES. That is not the effect, as the
gentleman will see if he will look more carefully
to the phraseology of tlie section. It is a prohib-
itory section—that it shall not be lawful for him
to make any contract for a longer period than two
years.
Mr. LETCHER. Exactly; but he may make
any contract for two years.
Mr. SICKLES. The contract, whatever it may
be, is restricted in point ofcompensation to post-
ages alone. The Postmaster General gets no
further or other power than he now has under the
laws of 1836, 1845, and 1851.
Mr. LETCHER. But, as I understand, the
Postmaster General has in view the rearrange-
ment of this whole matter at the next session of
Congress. At least, that is the information that
I have, as a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means. Now, the terms employed there,
that he shall make no contract for longer than
two years, necessarily imply that he may make
contracts for that period.
Mr. SICKLES. The argument of the gentle-
man fiom Virginia, it seems to me, is a nonsequi-
lur. By existing laws the Postmaster General is
authorized to make contracts for a longer period
for this service, provided parties will perform the
service for postages. He does not claim that he
is authorized to make contracts which require ap-
propriations; but he does claim that he has the
power to make contracts with the current receipts
of the service. Nov/, this provision operates as
a limitation over that power in two ways. It
limits the duration of the contract to two years,
as the maximum duration of the contract in any
event, and prescribes absolutely that the compen-
sation can, in no event, exceed postages. Some
doubt has existed as to whether or 110 the Post-
master General may go beyond the postages; and
to remove that doubt the conferees have fixed this
positive limitation.
Mr. LETCHER. Will my friend be kind
enough to say to me whether, if the Postmaster
General makes a contract for two years, Congress
has any power to abrogate it?
Mr. SICKLES. 1 would say, in answer to my
friend from Virginia, that the only way, as the
law now stands, to stop the Postmaster General
from making contracts for more than two years,
is to enact this provision.
Mr. LETCHER. Does not the provision en-
large the power of the Postmaster General ?
Mr. SICKLES. No; on the contrary, it lim-
its his power.
Mr. CLEMENS. I find that by the act of 1845
it is provided that every contract entered into
under the provisions of that act, shall contain,
besides the usual stipulations of the right of the
Postmaster General to discontinue the same, the
further stipulation that it may at any time be
terminated by joint resolution of the two Houses
of Congress. That applies to existing laws with
regard to the foreign mail service. Now I ask
the gentleman from New York whether, if this
provision were inserted, it would not operate as a
repeal of the act of 1845, and put it out of the
power of Congress to repeal any contract that
might be subsequently made by the Postmaster
General? Whereas if we reject this provision it
leaves the act of 1845 operative, and allows Con-
i gress, at the next session, to remodel the whole
j mail service of the country.
I Mr. SICKLES. 1 yielded only for an inquiry,
not for an argument. I will answer the inquiry,
which is: W111 the clause operate as a repeal of
1 that statute ? I say that it clearly will not, but
I that that statute will still operate and control this
! act. This provision adds no new powers what-
| ever, but operates as a limitation upon the au-
j thority which the Postmaster General exercises
I under that statute.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would like to
' make an inquiry of the gentleman from New York
about this matter. I understand the gentleman
to say that this clause will authorize the Postmas-
ter General to make a contract for the coasting
service, that is to say, from the Atlantic through
the Gulf, to the Isthmus, and then up the other
side to California, Oregon, and Washington, for
the inland and ocean postages. Our postage is ten
cents over three thousand miles, and the Postmas-
ter General, under this provision, may give all
the postages on mail matter between this country
and California, for the mere transportation of the
mails on the ocean. If that is the understanding,
what is to pay for the balance of the service?
Mr. SICKLES. I have to say, in answer to
the gentleman from Tennessee, that the section
referred to makes no distinction whatever between
home or foreign sei vice. It is a restriction upon
the length of time and the compensation for which
contracts may be entered into under the existing
laws. The authority to make such contracts, if
it exists anywhere, exists under the laws of 1845
and 1836, and whatever limitations those laws
impose as to the area or location of the service,
of course are equally applicable to this clause;and
as I understand it, those statutes are for foreign
service.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Fo r ocean service,
and under this provision the Postmaster General
may give all the postages for this one line on the
occan.
Mr. SICKLES. If that is the case, it is not
attributable to anything in the bill now under
consideiation, and it is, and must be, the result of
existing statutes, which were not all under the
control of the committee of conference, and for
which they are not responsible.
Mr. JONES, of rI Tennessee. It enables the
Postmaster General to give them all the inland
and ocean postages.
Mr. SICKLES. It does not require that he
shall do it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It says he may
give them all.
j Mr. SICKLES. No; it does not. It says he
j shall not exceed that amount, and what he does
I give must pay for the whole service between the
i given points.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Exactly; and he
j may give thorn all.
Mr. TAi LOR, of Louisiana, it seems to me
: that there is no necessity for any difficulty in re-
1 Jauon to ibis matter. Weal! know that the Post-
j master General can make no contract unless he
! has been authorized to make it. Whatever posver
1 exists now can be exercised to the extent that it
; has been conferred upon him; and it seems to me
that the plain and simple import of this clause is
j to impose a limitation upon tiie powers already
. given. So far as it relates to the construction of the
