1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
with :i full and enpimis index, so as to bring the work here-
tofore published, under the authority of a resolution passed
by the Senate on the -28th day of l-'e'bruaiy, 1857, down to
the present time.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DURICEE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petitidn
of William Marvin, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 177) to confirm to Wil-
liam Marvin title to lands in East Florida. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
■the report was ordered to be printed. •
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial ofThomas Henderson,
submitted an adverse report; which was'ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 80) for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of Olivia Landry, of the State of
Louisiana, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report on the subject; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, from th£ Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 180) to amend the
several acts now in force in relation to the Patent
Office; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Anson Dart, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 181) for the relief of Anson Dart.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the petition of
George Frasier, reported the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Itcsolved. That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
discharged from I he. further consideration ot ttie petition of
George Franer. and that tile petition and papers be refeired
to the Comt of Claims.
Mr. BIGGS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the memorial
of Camille St. Amant, submitted an adverse re-
port; which was ordered to be printed. He asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Miles Devme,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 174) to amend an
act entitled "An act to regulate the carriage of
passengers in steamships or other vessels," ap-
proved March 3, 1853; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
M r. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 175) for
the relief of S. W. Holladay and others; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
176) to acquire certain lands needed for the Wash-
ington iqueduct, in the District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOUSTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
178) to provide for the organization of a regiment
of mounted volunteers for the defense of the fron-
tier of Texas, and to authorize the President to
call into the service of the United States four ad-
ditional regiments of volunteers; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. HOUSTON also asked, and by unanimous
Consentobtained,leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
179) to extend the provisions of section twelve
of the " act making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending the 30th of June,
1858;" which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HOUSTON". I wish to remark that this
bill would have been introduced before the pres-
ent time bad it not been that I was waiting for
information called for from the Navy Department
sometime since, which has not ye? been received,
and hence I am induced to delay no longer. I
move its reference to the Committee on" Naval
Affairs.
It was so referred.
STURGES, BENNETT AND CO.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S.Nn. 121) for the relief of Stur
ges, Bennett &, Co , merchants of the city of New York,
be recommitted to the Committee on Claims.
SOUND DUES TREATY.
Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Finance, to whom was referred the bill of
the House of Representatives, No. 271, to report
it back without amendment. I ask the general
consent of the Senate to pass the bill now. There
is a necessity for it, and I imagine there is no ob-
jection to it. It is simply to carry out a treaty.
There beins no objection,the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 271) to enable the President of
the United States to fulfill the stipulations con-
tained in the third and sixth articles of the treaty
between the United States and the King of Den-
mark, of the 11th of April, 1857, for the discon-
tinuance of the Sound dues.
The bill appropriates, m order to carry out the
stipulation contained in the third article of the
treaty, $393,011; and to carry out the stipula-
tion contained in the sixth article, $15,720 44, or
so much of that sum as may be necessary to pay
the interest provided for in it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask the Senate tt excuse mo
from further service upon the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The question being put, the Senator was ex-
cused.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. 1 ask the
permission of the Senate to be relieved from serv-
ing upon the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. My name was placed on the com-
mittee merely for the purpose of holding a posi-
tion until some of the gentlemen who had not
taken seats in the Senate at that time had arrived.
That having taken place, I now ask to be relieved.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to.state, in reference to
the Committee on the District of Columbia, that
I accepted the place with the understanding that
when the Senator from Texas [Mr. Henderson]
should make Ins appearance I should retire from
that committee. 1 move that the Vice President
be authorized to fill the vacancy in the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
The mDtion was agreed to; and Mr. Hekder-
son was appointed.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I move that
the Chair fill the vacancy in the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, caused by my being
excused.
The motion was agreed to.
HENRY HUBBARD.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 123) for the relief of Henry Hubbard. It is
a small private bill which passed the Senate at the
last session. It has received the unanimous sanc-
tion of the Committee on Claims, who recom-
mend its passage. I hope the Senate will permit
it to pass now. I think there can be no objection
to it.
The bill was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides the payment to Henry Hubbard of
the sum of $G72 75, for his services as United
States agent charged with the safe-keeping of the
public property at the harbor of Ashtabula, Ohio,
as certified by the bureau of topographical en-
gineers, with interest at the rate of six per cent,
per annum from the 11th of June, 1856, from
which time payment is shown to have been de-
layed for want of an appropriation.
'Mr. POLK. I will say to the Senate in refer-
ence to this claim, having had the duty of inves-
tigating it before the Committee on Claims, that
there is no question about the services having
been performed, and the rate of compensation.
The account was regularly presented, and was
approved at the proper Department, hut it was not
paid for the reason that there was no appropria-
tion for its payment. The committee, therefore,
unanimously were in favor of reporting a bill to
the Senate for the payment of the claim, and also
for allowing interest from the time at which it
was made known to the claimant that there was,
no appropriation for his payment. Interest is
only allowed from that day.
The bill was leported to the Senate without
amend ment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CUSTOM-HOUSES IN IOWA.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced that the
next business before the Senate was the following
resolution, reported by Mr. Benjamin from the
Committee on Commerce:
'Resolre/l, That it is inexpedient to provide for the objects
referred to in said resolution.
This resolution was reported by the Committee
on Commerce who had been instructed by the
following resolution, which was adopted by the
Senate:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of making an appropria-
tion for the construction of a custom-house at Keokuk, in
the State of Iowa; also as to the propriety of making Sioux
City, m said State, a port of delivery, and of making an
appropriation for the construction of a custom-house at the
latter place.
The resolution reported by the Committee on
Commerce was agreed to.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS IN FLORIDA.
The next business before the Senate was the
report made by Mr. Benjamin from the Commit-
tee on Commerce who were instructed by a reso-
lution of the Senate to inquire into the expediency
of providing for the appointment of inspectors of
the hulls and boilers of steamers in Florida; and
to whom were referred a petition of citizens of
Franklin county, Florida, and the presentment of
the grand jury of the United States district court
of the nouhern district of Florida on the same
subject. The committee reported the following
resolution:
Resolred, That for the reasons expressed m the annexed
communication of the Secretaiy ofthe Treasury, it is inex-
pedient to make the appointments suggested in the resolu-
tion.
The resolution of the Committee on Commerce
was agreed to.
j. ross Browne's report.
The Senate next proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted by Mr. Sebastian
on the 26th of January:
Resolved, That the S^orKary of the Interior he requested
to communicate to the Sen uo the report of J. Ross Browne,
special ngent of th<; Indi.m d«ipamneni, on the Indian af-
fairs of Oregon and Washington Terutoues.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That resolution was, by
order of the Senate, laid on the table because a
similar one, offered by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, now absent, [Mr. Davis,] had been adopted
a few days previous. The report has long since
been communicated to the Senate. I move, there-
fore, the indefinite postponement of the resolu-
tion.
The motion was agreed to.
KANSAS-LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The business in order was the following reso-
lutions, submitted by Mr. Douglas on the 4th of
February:
Resolved, That the President be requested to furnish all
the information within his possession or control on tin? fol-
lowing points:
1. The returns and votes for and against a convention at
an election held in the Terntory of Kans.ib, in October, 1856,
2. The census and legislation of votes m the Terutory
of Kansas, under the provisions of the act of said Legisla-
ture, passed jh Fehruaiv, providing for the electionof
delegates and assembling a convention to l'rame a constitu-
tion.
3. The returns of an election heid in said Territory on
the 21st of December, 18o7, under the schedule of the Le-
compton constitution, upon the question of constitution
with s-hivery" or*' constitution without slaverv."
4. The returns of an election held in the Territory of
Kansas on the 4th day of January, 1858, under the author-
ity of a Jaw passed by the Legislature of said Territory, sub-
mitting the constitution formed by the Leeompton conven-
tion to a vote of the people for ratification or rejection.
5. The returns of the election held in said Territory on
the 4th day of January, J 858, under the schedule of the Le-
eompton constitution, for Governor and other State officers,
and for members of the Legislature, specifying the names
of each officer to whom a certificate of election has been ac-
corded, and tiie number of votes cast and counted lor each
candidate, and distinguishing between the votes returned
