mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
what it would have taken if the party
eWpfi^ it had been a citizen of the United States.
#-hy? Because it was the purpose of the
founders of the Republic to confine the right of
suffrage, that.great fundamental political right of
ppjsular liberty, to those who were citizens of the
United States, whether native or foreign-born*
I will now proceed to call the attention of the
House to the sentiments of our fathers. Gentle-
men fraye extraordinary notionsupon this subject.
They have the notion that anybody who comes
here is at once entitled to participate in the right
of suffrage. Every year adds somethree'hundred
thousand foreigners to our population, and they
are not required to wait the period of time speci-
fied by the act of Congress, prescribing the rule
of naturalization, but they are precipitated in hot
haste upon the ballot-box, and introduced into the
political struggles of the day. Is that right?
I beg, in this connection, to call the attention
of the House to what passed in the Federal con-
vention. I know it is thought that there was a
policy in that day which required us to encour-
age emigration. Yes, sir, there was a policy which
required it to ft limited extent. But how? To that
matter inowcall yourattention. Colonel Mason,
of Virginia, then one of the leading members of
Congress, who was for opening a wide door for
emigrants, but did not choose to let foreigners
make laws for us, said:
" Were it not that many, not natives of this country, had
acquired great credit during the Revolution, he shouUl be for
restraining the eligibility into the Senate to natives."
. Mr. Butler, a very distinguished man of that
day, said that he—
—" was decidedly opposed to the admission of foreigners
without a long residence in the country. They brim; with
them, not only attachments to other countries, but wieas of
government so distinct from ours that in every point of view
they arc dangerous. He acknowledged that, if he himself
had been called into public life within a short time after his
coming to America, his foreign habit*, opinions, and attach-
ments, would have rendered him an improper agent in pub-
He affairs."
<{ Mr. Randolph did not know but it mi^ht bo problem-
atical whether emigrants to this conntiy were, on the
whole, useful or not."
" Mr. Gisiiry wished that m future the eligibility might
be confined to natives."
" Mr. Williamson moved to insert nine years instead of
seven. He wisned this country to acquire., as fast as possi-
ble, national habits. Wealthy emigrants do more harm, by
their luxurious habits, than good by the money they bring
with them."
" Mr. Butler was strenuous against admitting foreigners
into our public councils.
"Mr. Sherman. Tho United States have not invited
foreigners, nor pledged their faith Ui.it they should enjoy
equal privileges with native citizens. The individual States
alone have clone this. Tne former, therefore, arc at liberty
to make any discriminations they may judge requisite."
"Mr. Madison animadverted on the peculiarity of the
doctrine ot Mr, Sherman. It was a subulty by winch every
national engagement might be evaded."
" Colonel Mason was struck, not, like Mr. Madron, with
the peculiarity, but the propriety of the doctrine ot Mr. Sher-
man. The States have formed different qualifications them-
selves for enjoying different rights of citizenship "
I read these remarks for the purpose of letting
the House see and understand what was the tem-
per and tone and sentiment of those who framed
our organic law. I want the House to under-
stand that even at that day, when we were in a
state of almost political dissolution—a weak and
feeble people, threatened with the anger of the
British lion—even then the rights of American cit-
izens were highly appreciated, and t he privilege of
foreigners sharing in them was guarded with jeal-
ousy and care. Nor is that all. I propose to read,
far the information of the House, the debate on
the first bill passed on the subject of naturaliza-
tion, in which the healthy tone of public senti-
ment, on the part of our fathers, cannot fail to be
highly refreshing to us, their sons.
On the first bill establishing a uniform rule of
naturalization, a protracted debate sprang up, m
which the following sentiments were expressed,
in which it was assumed that naturalization was
necessary to give the right of suffrage. The de-
bate commenced February 3,1790. Mr. Hartley
said;
"The policy of the old nations of Europe has drawn aline ■
between citizens and aliens ; that policy has existed, to our
knowledge, ever since the foundation ot the Roman Empire.
jLxpericnce has proved its propriety, or we should have
found some nation dc\ latmg from a regulation nmuical to
ite welfare. Fioin this it may he inferred that we ou<jht not
to grant tins, privilege on teuri^ so easy an is moved by the '
geinlein.iu from South C'uohna. If he had gone no further |
i i Iik mnrmu than to give alien* a right to purchase and hold 1
I'tnds the objection would not havo been so great; but if i
the word* are stricken out that he had moved for, an alien
«'il| b mthlod to iom mi th" "I'TUoj! of\our pCRrer? at The '
first moment he puts his foot on shore in America, when it
is impossible, from the nature of things, that he can be qual-
ified to exercise such a talent."
Mr. Madison said:
" I should be exceedingly sorry, sir, that our rule of nat-
uralization excluded a single person of good fame that really
meant to incorporate himself into our society > on the other
hand, I do not wish that any man should acquire the privi-
lege, but such as would be a real addition to the wealth or
strength of the United States."
Here is the doctrine, as laid down by Mr. Mad-
ison, that I maintain. This is the position I oc-
cupy. This is the ground upon which 1 can stand
before the country. But to proceed:
" Mr. Smith, of South Carolina, thought some restraint
proper, and that they would tend to raise the ttovernmeut
in the opinion of good men, who are desirous of emigrating;
as for the privilege of electing or being elceted, lie conceived
a man ought to be some time in the country before he could
pretend to exercise it.
" He said, the intention of the present motion i«, to en-
able foreigners to come here, purchase and nold lands; but
this will go beyond what the mover hH3 requited; and there-
fore, it will be better to draft a separate clause, admittm?
them to purchase and hold lands unon a qualified tenure and
preemption right, than thus admit them at once to interfere
m our politics. The quality of being a freeholder is requi-
site, io some States, to give a man a i.tle to vote for cmpo-
ration and parish officers Now,if  'v."(y emigiaut who pur-
chases a small lot, but perhaps for v. uieh he has not paid,
becomes m a moment qualified to mingle in their parish or
corporation politics, it is po-s&ible it may cieato great uneasi-
ness in neighborhoods which have been long accustomed to
live in peace and unity.
" Mr. Hartley  aid, an alien has no right to hold land?
in any country; and, it they are admitted to doit in this, we
aie authorized to annex to it sucii condiuous as we think
proper.
'• He also sasd, with respect to thrt oolicy of striking out
the word* altogether from the clau- - requiring no res-
idence beforeu man is admitted to to .ights of election.the
objection* are obvious. If, at any tim . a number of people
emtgiate into \ seapmt town—for f^wnple,fiom a neigh-
boring colony into the State of New Yoi k—will they not, by
taking the oath of allegiance, be able to decide an election
contrary to tne wishes and iricli'iauoiioof the real citizens."
uMr. Madison* said, whether residence i-=, or is not. a
proper quality to be attached to the em ',cn, is the question?
In his own mnid.hehad no doubt bur residence was a proper
prerequisite, and ite vvai prepared to u-'-cide m iavor of it."
"Mr Sedgwick said, some kmd oi piobation, as it has
been termed, is ?b?olutely requisite, to enable them to fuel
and be sensible of tne blessing. Without that probation, lie
should be soiry to see them cxercise a right which we have
gloriously stiusgled to attain."
Mr. Smith, of South Carolina, said, for lite part, h* was
of opinion, that a uniform rule of naturalization would tend
to make a uniform rule of citizenship pervade the whole con-
tinent, and decide the right of a foreigner to be admitted to
elect, or be elected, in any of the States."
" Mr. Tucker said, he was otheiwise satisfied with the
clause, so far as to make residence a term of admission to
the piivilege of election."
Mr. BISHOP. Do I understand the gentleman
to lake the ground that no person isentitied to vote
in any State except he be a citizen of the United
States^
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, 8ir, in all Fed-
eral elections.
Mr. BISHOP. And that a nerson born out of
the country must be in the United States a certain
number of years before he is a citizen, according
to the laws of the country ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, Yes, sir; he must
be naturalized.
Mr. EISKOP. I would now like to inquire
how, on that ground, when Texas was admitted
into the Union, the persons living in Texas could
be entitled to vote in that State until Texas had
been in the Union fur a period of five years?
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. That was under a
separate clause, and a power altogether different
in its character, providing for such a case.
Mr. JENKINS. I would inquire what that
clause is ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The clause giving
Congress power to admit  e,v States into the
Union.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would like to propound
this question to the gentleman from Virginia. I
find, by the Constitution of the United States,
that there is a limitation on the qualifications of :
electors for President and Vice President of the ;
United States; but I find, by the same clause, that ]
under the Constitution of the United States the ;
whole number of the electors may be aliens; that \
there is no restriction of citizenship in any part ]
of tiie Constitution. Although there is a hmita- :
tion as to offices, there is none as to citizenship ,
as a qualification of electors for President and
Vice President; and I should like to hear from the '
gentleman on that point.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am very much
obliged to the gentleman for br:n;rin£ me to that
point. lie is an American citizen. He has a
country which extends its wings over him. He
has a country's flag to stand by, and sustain him;
and will he ever forget that that country is com-
posed of these who are the people of the United
States, and the citizens thereof? The Constitution
had no more idea of providing against the man in
France,or the man m Turkey, being an elector,
than against any other absurdity. In speaking of
electors, and declaring, in the preamble and else-
where, that the people of the United States have
formed this constitution, its frarners, c.x vi termini,
restricted its character, and confined it in all its
relations to the people for whom it wa3 formed.
Will the gentleman remember that the rights of
foreigners are grants—that even the right to gentle
treatment is strictly social, and particularly that
political rights are never his except hy express
grant, and that presumptions are always against
and never for him ?
Why, sir, I am amazed—perfectly amazed, that
here, in this Government of ours, under our Con-
stitution,in this glorious land, there shouldbean
idea that, because a constitution fiamed for the
people or citizens of the United States docs not
exclude foreigners from tho highest functions
of Government, therefore that foreigners have a
right to them. Foreigners have no rights except
what are granted to them They have no right
even to hold land in the United States, or in tho
States thereof, without the power is conferred-
They are aliens outside of our system, and are
as utterly destitute of power as the man m the
moon. Instead of showing that there is nothing
against it, you have to show that the power exists
an'd is gramed.
Mr. JENKINS. I am sorry to interrupt my
colleague, but there is one point upon which I am
extremely anxious to hear him. He accounts for
the ease of Texas, put to him by my friend from
Connecticut, which, I think, got inm in a tight
place, by saying that that was a special case; that
she came in under the clause of the Constitution
which allows Congress to admit new States. Now,
I would like to ask the gentleman if that does nor.
apply to Minnesota as well as to Texas, and with
greater force ? My colleague ob jects to the admis-
sion of Minnesota upon tiie ground that it would
violate the Constitution of the United States
Now, if it was not an inflection of the Federal
Constitution to admit Texas—a foreign State,
bringing in thousands of unnaturalized voters-
then, a fortiori, it cannot be an infraction of ihe
Constitution to admit a State under similar cir-
cumstances out of our own territory, as in the case
of Minnesota.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The difference—
but, by-the-by,I remark that I never knewagen-
tieman to put a case that he did not think it a
clincher. [Laughter.)
Mr. JENKINS. The case was put by the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Bishof] anil
not by me.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. And now my col-
league ha^i put a question under the same id-a.
Mr. BRYAN. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Jenkins,] whether he
holds that Texas, at the time of annexation, stood
in the same relation totiiisCroveviMnent that Min-
nesota now does? for from his remarks I infer
that he does.
Mr. JEENKIXS. I v/ill answer the question
with great pleasure
Mr. S.\i ITH, of Virginia. No, let me go on.
I am traveling to lay conclusion.
A Member. Your time is nettily out.
Mr. JENKINS, i answer the oucstion of the
gentleman from Texas negatively.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. How much time
have I left ?
Several Mhm3ers. Five minutes.
Mr SMITH, of Virginia. Then, as I am so
near the end of my time, I cannot give way. I
will proceed now to apply those principles. 1 lay
itdown that the Federal Constitution gives to this
Government the exclusive power of saying who
of the foreign-born shall be citizens, and having
exercised that authority and said who shall be
citizens, the exclusive power is in the State gov-
ernment to say who of her citizens shall exercise
tho right of suffrage. I might produce authorities
if 1 had tirne. I might refer to Chancellor Kent,
who assumes, as a rnatterof course, that nobody
but a citiz n has a ris;lit to exercise the right of
