m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
within the time and in the mode provided in said schedule,
and those returned subsequently and in other mode?, and
stating whether, al either of said f tactions, any returns of
votes were rejected in consequence of not having been re-
turned in time, or to the right ofheer, or in proper form, or
for any other cause, stating specifically for what eau?c.
6. All correspondence between any of the Executive De-
partments and Secretary or Governor Denver relating to
Kansas affairs, and which has not been communicated to
the Senate.
Resolved, That in the event all the information desired
in the foregoing resolution is not now in the possession of
the President, or of any of the Executive Dep«ntmcnts,he
be respectfully requested to give the pioper md^rs and take
the necessary steps to procure the same for the use of the
Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust there will be no ob-
jection now to the adoption of these resolutions.
1 regret that they were not adopted when they
were first brought in; because, if they had been,
we should probably have received by this time aU
the information which they call for. I desired, at
that time, to have those facts, in order that they
might be used before the Committee on Territo-
ries, as well as in the Senate. The resolution calls
for facts which I consider material. Some of these
facts are alleged to be embodied in the report of
the majority of the Corfcmittee on Territories; and
I see the report states that Mr. Calhoun, before
the committee, furnished statements in regard to
a few of the facts here called for. I see, by a com-
munication in the newspapers, addressed by Mr.
Calhoun to the people of the United States, that he
says lie has communicated to the Committee on
Territories fully the facts in regard to the history
and origin of the Lecompton convention. 1 can
only say that, as a member and as chairman of the
Committee on Territories, 1 was present at every \
one of the meetings of the committee; but I never j
saw Mr. Calhoun there; I never heard that he was !
there; I never heard of a proposition to invite him \
there; I never saw a communication from him ad- ;
dressed to the committee; I never had one from i
him, directly or indirectly, touching affairs of Kan- |
sas as a communication to the committee. It is j
true, that, having seen these statements in the j
newspapers on that Thursday morning when the j
report was made, when T had not time to read the 1
report, I inquired of a member of the committee
■whether any communication had been received ;
from Mr. Calhoun; and I was told that one had 1
been shown to a member of the committee, and ;
taken back by Mr. Calhoun to be correetcd and
copied; but still it has never come to the commit-
tee. The committee, as a committee, have not
been permitted to see the facts which arc putforth
to the world as basing been furnished by the pres-
ident of the convention to the committee. Now,
I want to know whether or not communications
are to be made by President John Calhoun to a
majority of the committee, and withheld from the
minority, who are deprived of the opportunity of
cross-examining him, or testing his knowledge of
the facts, he not putting them in such a form as
to make himself responsible for the truth of the
statements thus made ?
Sir, Mr. Calhoun is in this city, lie is a Gov-
ernment office-holder; he is the surveyor general
of Kansas Territory, and is held for his good con-
duct by his commission. He is absent from his
duties in Kansas, and is here, as it is supposed,
to favor the project ot the admission of Kansas
with the Lecompton constitution. Why is it that
the President tolerates him in being here, and in
withholding the facts which are essential to an
enlightened judgmc nt on this question ? Mr. Cal-
houn does not li -nto, and has not hesitated, to
say, and nuthouse j:.'w<«papers in St. Louis and
other places to publiMi th«* fact, that the pro-sla-
very, or Demoeiauc. ticket, as he calls it, was
elected for the Legislature and State officers in
Kansas on the 4th of January. lie does not hes-
itate to f-ay to other individuals here, that his pres-
ent opinion is that the ftee-Sfate ticket has been
elected; but he does not hesitate to say, also, that
he never intends to issue ceitiiicates to anybody
until Congressadmits Kansas into the Union with
the Lecompton constitution; and if we refuse to
admit it, then he never will declare the result.
I wish to know whether there is not some way
of ascertaining the facts of the case? Are we to
be required to act blindly here, one part of the
country being given to understand that they have
got it all their own way—the other part of the
country understanding that the certificates are to
go the other way? Each one here is called upon
to give a vote on his expectations or private as-
surances that it is this way or that way, and then
to wait and find who is to be cheated after the act
is consummated. Sir, I no not think it becomes
the Senate of the United States thus to be trifled
with by one of the Government office-holders.
The only law under which Mr. Calhoun professes
to act—the schedule to the Lecompton constitu- ]
tion—provided that the returns shall be made to
him within eight days. He gave notice on the
ninth day to the Speakers of the two Houses of
the Kansas Legislature that he would count the
votes. The votes were counted; and then he re-
fused to declare the result; and we are to under-
stand one day that the result is one way, and an-
other day that it is the other way. It will not do
to say it is immaterial which way the result is.
It is material; and why ?
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. Was there any day limited,
or appointed by law, on which the results of these
elections should be ascertained?
Mr. DOUGLAS. By implication, I think, it
is fairly to be deduced. The schedule provided
that the vote on the constitution should be taken
on the 21st of December, and returned within
eight days thereafter, and it should then be gent
to Congress. It provided that, for State officers,
the election should be held and regulated in the
same manner as the vote on the constitution, thus
carrying the clear implication that the returns
should be made, and the result counted, at the end
of eight days from the day of election. There is
no escape, then, from the conclusion that it was
his duty to make the count at the end of eight
days. "He acknowledged that this was his duty,
by giving notice to the Speakers of the two Houses
to be present and witness the counting of the votes
on the ninth day. They opened the votes, and
added them up; but still we are not permitted to
know whether that adding up is to stand. We
hear one day that the assurance is given that the
pro-slavery ticket is to be declared elected; we
hear the next day that the assurance is given that
the free-State ticket is to be declared elected.
Let me state the importance of this point. The
President tells us that this constitution may be
amended by the first Legislature. Now, it the
Lecompton ticketiselected to the Legislature,and
a majority of that Legislature is opposed to any
change, it is important to know the fact; because
it shows that the expectation held out, that the
constitution may be changed, is a delusion and a
deception. To hold out the idea that the fust
Legislature may provide for a change, and then
pack a Legislature hostile to a change, is only prac-
ticing a deception. Let us know whether there
is a Legislature elected that is m favor of a change,
and then we can listen to the argument whether
that Legislature, under the constitution, can pro-
vide for a change of the constitution.
It is important,also, to know what State ticket
is elected, for this reason: suppose the free-State
or anti-Lecompton ticket is elected to the Legis-
lature, and there is a majority of that party, yet
there is imt two thirds: and then the question is
whether the Lecompton candidate for Governor
is elected, in oider to veto any bill that the ma-
jority of the Legislature might pass, providing
tor an amcodmentofthe constitution These facts
become important, unless we are to be called upon
to vote in the dark; unless a trick is to be played
upon us; unless one party or the other is to be
cheated.
It is important to have this result known; and
why is it that gentlemen here are not willing to
have the facts settled? Why do southern men
desire to he called upon to vote in doubt? Why
do northern men desire to be called upon to vote
! m doubt? [" It is none of our business."] I am
! told it is none of our business. I will tell the
: Senator who said so why I think it is both his
; business and mine. We are called upon here to
• put this constitution in force, and recognize the
State government that may be organized in Kan-
! sas under the Lecompton constitution, and give
■ it opeiation; but every day evidence comes here
i of traud after fraud, and forgery after forgery, in
; the returns. It is not confined now to the L)ela-
1 ware Crossing, which is admitted to have been a
| forged return; but the testimony has been taken,
j and is conclusive, that there was a forged return
i also, to the amount of some nine hundred votes, at
Shawnee; that the returns were taken from Shaw-
nee down into Missouii, and there for two days
two men were adding names, one man calling off
the names from the poll-book that had been made
out at the election of the 21st of December, and
the other adding those names by the hundred to
tho poll-book of the ejection of the 4th of January.
On the day after the election, the testimony is,
that in the State of Missouri some nine hundred
names were added. There were only about one
hundred and sixty votes on the book before this
addition, when the poll-book left the Territory;
but, after it got into Missouri, it swelled up to'
eleven hundred votes. These facts are proved;
they were testified to by the men who were pres-
ent, and by the men who transcribed the names.
So it is with regard to Oxford; so it is with re-
gard to Kickapoo. The testimony as to Kick-
apoo is, that, although there had been vast num-
bers of illegal votes during the day, young Thomas
Ewing, son of the late Secretary of the Interior, .
voted next to the last; only one man voted after
him, according to the testimony; yet the poll-
book shows some five hundred names added subse-
quent to his. The certificate was cut off; five Hun-
dred names were added; and then the certificate
was pasted on after these names. The testimony
is equally conclusive as to Shawnee, where seven
hundred or nine hundred votes were added. A
man by the name of Bailey was the last man who
voted, according to the testimony. The proof is
conclusive that he was the last man who voted;
and then they cut off the certificate, put on seven
hundred or nine hundred names, and pasted it on
again; and they call that a return 1
These facts are well known to the world; they
are proven before the officers of the law; they are
known to Mr. Calhoun, the president of this con-
vention. He is here in this city under the pro-
tection of the President of the United States, and
held by his commission. He withholds the facts
and the Senate refuses to permit the information
to be extracted, and we are told that it is none of
our business. We are called upon 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
pause for a moment ? It is the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order at this hour.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I never knew a debate to be
cut off m its midst; but if that is the rule, I must
yield.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule is posi-
tive. The Chair has cut off debate fifteen or
twenty times since the commencement of the ses-
sion.
Mr. GREEN. I insist upon the enforcement
of the rule, for I intend to reply to this fully.
The YICE PRESIDENT. It is the duty of
the Chair to call up the special order. My duty
is imperative, and has been exercised repeatedly
during the session. If there is no motion to post-
pone the special order, it will now be taken up.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the considoiation of the bill (S. No. 1G1)
for the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union.
j Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, when I
! yielded the floor yesterday, I was speaking of the
j first attempted organization of the territorial gov-
i ernment of Kansas under the organic act. 1 en-
; deavored to show that it was made by force of an
I invasion from Missouri, spreading itself all over
; the Territory, and overawing and over-voting, in
. an unlawful manner, the people who inhabited
! the Territory.
, There have been attempted some excuses for this
act. They have been mainly found in what has
■ been alleged to be the conduct of the Emigrant Aid
Society in sending out to Kansas persons from
j Massachusetts, though nothing is said at the same
' time about the P>lue Lodge associations which
, had been "formed in the vicinity for the purpose
■ of taking possession of the Territory at the first
; bound. But, sir, I do not wish to be led off, as I
, think the community has been attempted to be led
j off, from examining into the true character of that
! invasion, by directing their attention and exciting
! their prejudices against some other people. I can
[ merely say that the act of the Emigrant Aid So-
| ciety, in aiding persons who wished to go to Kan-
j sas for the purpose of settling, and, if you please,
! making it a free State also, had nothing unlawful
| m it; it was laudable and desirable. There was
i no single feature of illegality in it, and the pur-
! pose which they entertained, though it may call
