1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3031
met and, after a full and free conference, have
beer\ utittU'' to aoree.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Committee of
Ways and Means reported the usual annual ap-
propriation bill for the Post Office Department;
it passed this House precisely as the Committee
of Ways and Means reported it; it went to the
Senate, and was there loaded down with amend-
ments. Two committees of conference have now
act(jd on it, and could not agree; and my present
information is, that they never will agree. I now
move that the bill be laid on the table; and I ask
unanimous consent to report from the Committee
of Ways and Means, immediately, a bill the same
as it was p*ssed by the House.
Mr. ENGLISH. I understand that the only
ground of difference is in regard to the abolition
of the franking privilege.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move to lay the
Senate amendments to the Post OiJice appropria-
tion bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I now ask the
unanimous consent of the House to report from
the Committee of Ways and Means a new Post
Office appropriation bill, being, in fact, the bill
that was originally reported from that committee,
and that was passed by the House without the
alteration of a dot to an " i," or across to a " t."
There being no objection, a bill making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1859, was
reported from the Committee of Ways and Means,
and read a first and second time.
Mr. GROW. J desire to inquire of my col-
league if that is the same as the bill that came
from the Senate, with the exception of the pro-
visions for the abolition of the franking privilege
and for the increase of the postage rates ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It is identically
the same bill as that reported originally by the
Committee of Ways and Means, according to the
regular estimates, and passed by the House with-
out a solitary alteration.
Mr. GROW. How does it differ from the one
that came from the Senate?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It omits the Sen-
ate amendments.
Mr. KEITT. Is it the same bill as the one the
Senate amended ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Precisely the same.
Mr. KEITT. Then it is a question whether
the House or the Senate will yield ?
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Let the Senate
take the responsibility of amending it, if they
choose.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, n was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was parsed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vore by which the amendments of the Senate
to the former Post Ouice appropriation bill were
laid upon the table; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLOSE OF DEBATE OJNf THE LOAN BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the j
amendments of the Senate to the loan bill be made j
the special order in the Committee of the Whole ;
oil the state of the Union until disposed of, and that
all debate theieon lie closed in five minutes after
the committee should proceed to the consideration
of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion of Mr. J. GLANT^^ JOINED the
rules were suspended, and the House lesolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of tile Union, (Mr. Harris, of Illinois, m the
chsnr,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
amendment* of tho Senate to the House hill i^No.
555) t(  supply deficiencies m the appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian depaitment, and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with vaiious Indian tribes foi the jeai
ending June 30, lttfS.
Mi\ J. GLANCY JONES. The amendments
of the Senate to this bill do not increase the
appropriations, but are restrictions upon them.
Those members of the Committee of Ways and
Means with whom I have been able to confer in-
formally, recommend a concurrence in the amend-
ments.
The amendments of the Senate were read and
concurred in, as follows:
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That none of the mon-
eys hereby appropriated to the Indian service in the Terri-
tories of Oregon and Washington shall be paid until the
claims which tiiey are intended to satisfy shall have been
audited and stated by a commissioner to be sent to the said
I Territories by the said Secretary of the Interior, and ap-
proved by said S^ciefary ; «aid rominissionpr shall bp ap-
pointed, as soon as practicable, by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, to receive aconipensation o* eight dollarsa day and his
actual traveling expenses whilst engaged in the service
hereby prescribed; and it shall be the duty of said commis-
sioner to examine the vouchers, and to tike testimony, if
neces>ary, in repaid to the claims or accounts which may
| be presented against the Government, and to report the re
i suit of his investigation, and his opinions thereupon, to the :
Secretary of the interior, who shall pay such claims, if he
' approve them, &o tar a-s the appropriation herein made shall
1 be MifficMPsit for the purpose.
; Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That in executing pro-
! cess in the Indian country, the maithal be authorized to
1 employ a posse comltatu*, not exceeding three persons in
any of the States respectively, to assist m executing the
; piocess, by arresting and bringing m prisoners from the In-
■ dian country, and to allovV them three dollars per diem, in
' lieu of all expenses and services.
I Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the superintend-
; ents and agents within the supermtendericy of Texas, shall
1 be hereafter appointed m the same manner a3 other super-
i mtendents and agents are appointed and confirmed.
i The amendments were then laid aside to be re-
ported to the House, with the recommendation
| that they be concurred in.
| LOAN BILL. v
| The committee proceeded to the consideration
i of the amendments of the Senate to the loan bill,
j Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The Senate have
; amended this bill by striking out all after the en-
! acting clause, ana substituting therefor their own
| bill. That bill differs from the House bill in three
! particulars only. The first is that it makes the
' maximum of interest five per cent, instead of six
1 per cent.; the second is that it makes it compul-
' sory on the Secretary of the Treasury to have
! coupons attached to the bonds instead of leaving
it discretionary with him; and the third is that it
i reduces the appropriation for the expenses of get-
ting up this stock from twenty to five thousand dol-
' lars. I move to amend the Senate amendment by
striking out " fifteen," and inserting 44 twenty,"
i so as to make the loan #90,000,000, which will be
| sufficient to cover all expenses up to the 1st of
| January next.
i The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that" five"
; be stricken from the Senate substitute, and that
i " six" be inserted in lieu of it, so as to make the
] interest six instead of five per centum,
j ENROLLED BILLS-
Here the committee informally rose, and
; Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
j rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
, found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
' when the Speaker signed the same:
! An act (H. R. No. 585) to establish certain
' post roads; and
j An act (H. R. No. 42) granting a pension to
j Mary A. M. Jones.
; MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President,
|! by J. B. I-Iesrt, his Private Secretary, notifying
i; the House that he had approved and signed sun-
!' dry bills.
H LOAN BILL.
' The committee then resumed its session.
: Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I demand tellers
' on the amendment moved by the gentleman from
] Pennsylvania, to strike out live per cent., and
' insert six per cent, in lieu thereof.
j Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John" Coch-
! rane and Buftixton were appointed.
i' The committee divided; and there were—ayes
i' 72, noes 47; so the amendment was agreed to.
j. ~The Senate's amendment as amended was con-
i curred in. , ,
I, Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
j! committee rise, and report the bill to the House,
i The motion was agreed to.
;1 So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Harris, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
• state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the Senate amendments to
a bill of the House (No. 582) to authorize a loan
not exceeding the sum of $15,000,000; and had
instructed him to report the same to the House,
with a recommendation that the House concur
therein with two amendments. Also, that they
had had under consideration the Senate amend-
ments to a bill of the House (No. 555) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations, for
the year ending30th June, 1858; which they had
directed him to report to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that they be concurred in.
INDIAN DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House having proceeded to the considera-
tion of the Senate amendments to the bill of the
House No. 555,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved the previous
question; which was seconded, and the main
question ordered to be put; and, under the oper-
ation thereof, the said amendments were agreed
to.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved that the vote
last taken be reconsidered; and also moved*to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
" LOAN BILL.
The House having proceeded to the consider-
ation of the amendments of the Committee of the
' Whole on the state of the Union to the amendment
1 of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 582)
to authorize a loan not exceeding the sum of
415,000,000,
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved the previous
question; which was seconded, and the main ques-
U tion ordered.
' The first amendment was to strike out, in line
four, the word " fifteen," and insert " twenty."
I The amendment was concurred in.
; The next amendment was, in line sixteen, to
i strikeout" five"and insert" six,"so as to make
! the maximum rate of interest six per cent.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
the yeas and nays.
i The yeas and nays were not ordered.
j The amendment was agreed to.
! The Senate amendment as amended was then
■ concurred inr
| Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
' the vote last taken, and also moved to lay the
| motion to reconsider on the table.
! The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the third amendment to the Indian
! bill was concurred in.
\ The SPEAKER. The vote was reconsidered
and laid upon the table immediately after the
amendment was disposed of.
Mr. LETCHER. The amendment was wrong,
i and ought not to have been adopted,
i ENROLLED BILL,
j Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, repoited as truly enrolled an act(H.
R. No. 558) making appropriations far the trans-
portation of the United States mail by ocean
steamers or otherwise during the fiscal year end-
; ing the 30th of June, 1859; when the Speaker
signed the same.
| COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. NICHOLS. I propose now to introduce
a resolution which was voted down by this House
' at an early stage of the session, because members
: could not then reconcile their conflicting ideas on
i' the question. It is for the printing of the Coast
j! Survey report, and is reported on the petition of
|' fifty or sixty shipping merchants of the city of
!■ New York.
j; Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
!i Mr. NICHOLS. You have no right to object.
|l The resolution of the Committee on Printing,
r to whom was referred the petition of Grinnell,
!■ Minturn,& Co.,and certain other shipping mer-
i chants and underwriters of the city of New York,
1 asking for the continued publication of the Coast
' Survey report, was read, as follows:
I! Resolved, That there be printed of the said report, for
