1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
for anathemas and vituperation, really, after all,
is not censurable.
Cut, sir, there has been sn infinite deal of un-
necessary labor expended about that point, for if
you examine truly into what the aid society did,
yen find that it amounted to very little. In the
month of February, 1855, before this invasion
fiom Missouri, and the first election, which was
in March, 1855, a census was taken of the people
of the Territory; the name of each person was put
down, and the State from which he came. That
census has been returned by the Governor and is
in the archives of the State Department here. It
was made for the purpose of partitioning out the
Territory, and apportioning; the representatives
to ilie Legislature amongst the different districts,
\vliich was done. On a careful examination of
that census, and of the places from which the
people came, I have made a little table which is
before me. No persons were ever aided by that
Emigrant Aid Society except from New England,
and, lsay,butaverysmallportionofthose. In the
month ofFebruary, 1855, therewerein thatTerri-
tory only one hundred and eighty-three men from
all the New England States. I say not one half of
them had had any connection with the society in
any way, or knew anything about it; but it is the
fact that only one hundred and eighty-three men
in all were in that Territory from New England;
and this is undertaken to be made the founda-
tion of an excuse for the military invasion from
Missouri of between four and five thousand men
going in armed, with banners flying, drums beat-
ing, and marching with all the array of war.
If "it were true that those people had gone there,
even, if you please, with the horrid notion of abo-
htiomzing Kansas—an awful, idea!—can it be
made the foundation for any sort of justification
for this invasion, conquest, and subjugation of
that country ?
Did that act of invasion, that mode of attempt-
ing to organize the government, leave the people
of Kansas "free?" Certainly not. Has the Sen-
ate of the United States—has the Government of
the United States done anything on eaith to re-
deem the pledge of " perfect freedom ?" Have
they endeavored to redress these people ? Have
they endeavored to correct that wrong > As I said
before, we are told that if there was any objection
to those persons who were elected members of the
Legislature, the people could go to that Legisla-
turcandhaveitcorrected. What amockery is this!
You may go to the usurpers in order to pass on the
legality and correctness of their own usurpations!
1 fancy that gentlemen here, and especially those
who are lawyers, understand the distinction be-
tween a challenge to the array of a jury, and a
challenge for favor of particular members. When
the challenge is to the array, how idle it would be
to undertake to call upon those very jurors thus
collected, to pass on the question whether they
were, legally brought together. I know that in
challenges to favor, the good old practice of the
common law was this: if an individual is chal-
lenged, triers are appointed, and they pass upon
his°case; and when they have passed upon three
of them, they become so many membeis of the
jury; the triers are dismissed; the jury go on
passing upon the challenges to individuals, until
you fiR up the jury box; but you see they are
expurgated, and persons are called that are not
obnoxious to the objection. But how could that
Legislature thus usurped, thus put into power by
an invasion from abroad, aiding and assisting a
very small minoiity of that people, pass upon the
challenge of the array ? And yet we are told that
we are estopped from going into that matter, be-
cause the Legislature passed upon it! No,sn,
there was no mode of correcting this wrong but
by an act of legislation, and that lias be^n denied.
Now, sir, in order to tracc how it is that the
constitution "which we have now before us is the
child, the result, the ultimate fruit and conse-
quence of that usurpation, it is necessary to see
how it was that those who were thus inducted
into power perpetuated that power, how their ac-
tion operated to produce this constitution in its
present form. That can be done briefly. When
that Legislature assembled they proceeded to pass
laws, as they called them. Among those laws was
, one which required that every person who might
ten oa* to !j a^miw Iry.ng to take advantage of lha£ to say
the next place they passed an act which declared <™ld have voted." Did you
I men subject to penalties and imprisonment if they
j should publish or declare anything which ques-
| tioned the right of a man to hold slaves in the Fer-
: ntory of Kansas. That is a topic that they were
; not permitted to discuss at all; that was put under
' the ban. Then provision was made that men
i might vote on paying taxes, but no time of resi-
dence was required—of course intending that all
those who lived near there could come in, settle
for a day, pay a tax of fifty cents or a dollar, and
vote, so that they might be saved the trouble of
military expeditions afterwards. The purpose,
the object, of those laws is perfectly obvious. No
man in the exercise of ordinary discernment can
possibly avoid seeing what it was. It was to
drive the free-State people out of that Territory;
' it was to disfranchise them.
Is it possible that any State or Territory, when
Congress have passed a law and fixed the penal-
ties for breaches of that law, can go on and ab-
solutely disfranchise men if they will not swear
to support it? Did the Congress of the United
States, in passing the fugitive slave law, ever
declare or intimate that they supposed people
could be disfranchised as citizens unless they
would swear to supports ? Has any State or
Territory a right to add new sanctions,new pen-
alties and new consequences to the breach of a
congressional act ? Again, it is said now that the
slavery question is the question which, above all
others, was intended to be left to the people there,
and to regulate which they were to be left " per-
fectly free;" and the Missouri compromise, we
are told, was repealed in order that they might he
left to act freely upon it. Can it be possible that
: they were to be gagged on that subject, and were
| to be absolutely prohibited from discussing it
altogether? Yet that was the legislation. It is
perfectly certain that they not only intended this
to be the effect, but they carried it out accordingly;
for when they undertook to put these laws in oper-
ation we know what was the result. Printing
g[-esses were destroyed and declared nuisances,
ills were found against them as a nuisance, and
the nuisance was abated without a verdict! A
bridge, across which free-State people could pass,
was a nuisance, and that was abated ! The types
and presses were thrown into the river. The city
of Lawrence was to be abated; and if any man
made any sort of a defense it was constructive
treason! The people were imprisoned; they were
hunted out; and if the officers whom the minority
appointed at any time and place wanted assistance
they called in a posse—who? Persons from Mis-
souri. They overrun the country; the people were
hunted out. I will not attempt to describe the
ravages, the violence and blood which followed
this in ail its tracks. That was the season of 1856.
One thing, however, must be perfectly certain—■
that the free-State people then there, and who
should go there while these test oaths and this
gag law continued in force, were disfranchised
people; they could take no participation in ail
election. The circumstances under which they
were permitted to vote were such as utterly for-
bade theii exercising the right of suffrage. How
long did these laws continue in force? Until the
20 th of February, 1857. That date becomes im-
portant.
What took place while these laws were in oper-
ation, and while these people stood thus disfran-
chised ? An act was passed by the Territorial Le-
gislature by which the people were asked to vote
whether they would have a convention to form a
State constitution. That question was put to the
people. The free-State men could not legally par-
S ticipate in that election, and did not participate in
I it; and yet they are found fault with because they
! did not, and it is said they are estopped because
! they did not. What next? The second election of
] a Legislature took place in October, 1856. The
i same laws were then in force, and the Legislature
which met in January and February, 1857, was
! elected by the same minority. The whole body
I of the free-State people of that Territory were ut-
j teiiy excluded from that election, in the manner I
! have stated. They had nothing to do with it ; they
could have nothing to do with it—not merely that
they did not desire to have anything to do with
it, but the very forms of the law were made to
deprive them from having anything to do with it,
and did deprive them. It ill becomes men who
, . are now trying to take advantage of tl
I; to them, " you could have voted." " Did you
mean we should?" Evidently you did not. Cer-
tainly nothing was put to these people but this:
you shall have slaves or you shall be slaves—one
or the other. The men who made these laws did
not expect them to vote; and they did not mean
them to vote. The laws were made to prevent it,
and did prevent it; and they cannot findfault now.
that men did not vote, whom they meant to pre-
vent from voting.
The second Legislature was elected under the
influence of these laws. It met in January, 1857.
That was the Legislature which passed the act
that called the convention. Now,Mr. President,
bear in mind that Governor Geary, who was then
there when that Legislature passed the act calling
the convention together, disliked it, because it did
not provide for a submission of the constitution
to a vote of the people. He communicated with
them on that subject, and he says that they told
him they could not agree to put into the acta pro-
vision that the constitution should be submitted
to the people; that they had had communications
with their southern friends on the subject, and
they could not do it. He vetoed the bill for that
reason. So says the Senator from Missouri; and
he says they passed it by a two-thirds vote over
him. Yes, they did. What would you expect
them to do? Who made them ? What were they
made for? They were put into power by a mi-
nority of the actual residents, aided by an inva-
sion from abroad, for a distinct, particular pur-
pose. They went on to carry out that purpose,
and shape their course accordingly, to make a
slave State there. They meant to make it so
despite the opinions of the people there, or they
would have submitted the constitution to a fair
vote. They would not submit it to the people,
because their southern friends disliked it. When
the Governor vetoed the bill they persisted in it;
they would have a convention, and would make
no provision for submitting the constitution to the
people. Why? Bccause the people would vote
against them. Is that making a constitution by
the people, and for the people ? Was that a con-
vention elected by the people ? Were they acting
for the people? Clearly not.
An election of delegates was made, and they
met together in convention. They met in the
beginning of September. They adjourned because
a general election for. the Legislature of the Ter-
ritory came on in October, 1857. From April,
1857, the Territory had been presided over, first
by acting-Governor Stanton, and afterwards by
GovemorWalker, who, when they had been there
long enough to ascertain the real condition of the
people of that Territory, gave out assurances to
them that they should have a chance of voting at
the October election, fairly, under the United
States laws—not under the territorial acts. The
people on those occasions frequently said to the
Governor, as he tells us, " you cannot control
these men; you iiave not the appointment of the
judges of election; you have no control over them;
if you knew them as well as we do, you would
know that we could have no fairness in an elec-
tion from them."
There were some other men sent there, to whom
I might allude — Governor Geary arid Governor
Reeder. When Governor Geary was sent there,
he was sent upon a strange errand. I remember
1 saw the man when he was here about to go, and
I looked at him thinking what an errand he was
sent upon; and so it is of the officers who have
been sent there. They were told, " now you
must execute those laws; it shall be done by the
' whole powerof this Government; but you are to
1 see that there is fair and ample justice done to all
I that people." The thing involved a palpable m-
I consistency, a gross impossibility. You might
i as well have told these men " you are to go out,
I vou understand, to do all kindness and equity
i and justice to the children of Bethlehem, but you
I are at the same time to carry out the decree of
-Herod." The thing was impossible. I knew it
was impossible when the man started away. I
knew he would be involved in difficulty, and ne-
cessarily must be. I knew, indeed, that he made
i some little effort himself to get the acts which had
1 been passed in the Territory repealed before he
1 went, but he did not succeed; he could not get it
! done; the Senate would do nothing about it.
When the October election of 1857 was about
to come off, Mr. Stanton first, and Governor
Walker afterwards, endeavored to persuade the
