1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2007
suffrage. 11 is apolitical postulate which he does
not consider it worth while to argue.
Having stoted the principles—all that I can do
in the present exigency, my time being nearly ex-
hausted—I now apply them. Let us look at the
evils which this system is to inaugurate. A ma-
jority of foreigners settle one of the States of the
American Republic. They give form to the funda-
mental organisation of that State. That is notall;
they say who shall vote. Here is the section of
this Minnesota constitution upon the subject of
suffrage:
" See 1. Every male person of the age of twpntv-one
years or upward-, belonsjmgto eitherof the followingclass-
who shall have resided in the United States one year,
and in Una State for four months next pieceding any elec-
tion, shall bo onuiled to vote at such election, in the elec-
tion district of which he shall at the time have been for ten
dcivs a resident, lor all officers that now are, or iiereafter
may bo, elective by the people :
1-1. Wmtc citizcns of the United States.
"'2. White persons of foreign birth, who shall have de-
claied their intentions to become citizens, conformably to
the laws of the United States upon the subject of naturali-
zation.
il 3. Person^of raited white and Indian blood, who have
adopted the customs and habits of civilization.
" 1. Per-ons of Indian blood residing in this State, who
have adopted the language, customs, and habits of civih
zati^n, after an examination before any district court of
the Stat**, in such manner a* may be psovsded by law, and
shall have been pronounced by said court capable of enjoy-
ing tiie light-; of citizenship within the State."
Now, for whom are they to vote? They are
to vote for a member of the House of Represent- jj
atives. • He comes here, and we have a right to jj
look into the qualifications of the voters who sent!:
him here, and we have a direct right toascertain :
whether he has been duly elected by citizens of ,
the United States. That is not all, sir. By their '
votes the Legislature of the State is elected, which ,
elects Unued States Senators, and we have aright ;
to ascertain whether those Senators have been
elected by proper persons. But that is not ail. [
These same peisons have a right, it is contended, !
to cast their suffrages for electors of the President '
of the United States. They may decide a pre&i- j
dermal election. And that is not all. The elec- t
tion of President may come into this House, and j
may turn upon the vote of a single State, and the j
election in that State may have depended on the ;
vote of one individual, and that an unnatural- ;
izijd foreigner just landed. Wilt any gcnihman
say that the introduction of such a system, aiiect- |
ing as it does the House of Representatives, the '
Senate, and the Presidoncy of the United Suies,
would not lead to a frightful mass of evils to the ;
Federal o ganizauon? If such an idt-a could have i
h( en thought of, dreamed of, or imagined by those
who framed the Pederul Constitution, when tney
were seeking to secure uniformity in social inter-
course among the States, is U to be supposed for
an instant that they would not have provided
©gainst it? But no man ever dreamed that voters
were to be made out of any but citizens of the
United States; that the law for the naturalization
of foreigners was itself to be practically repealed,
and that foreigners, before they had remained
here five years, and had acquired the moral and
intellectual qualifications required, were to be put
into full fellowship with our native-born citizens,
and allowed to wield as large a mass of political
power.
Look at the consequences of such a condition
of things. From three to five hundred thousand
foreigners—many of them, I admit, very ment-
orious and unexceptionable persons—come into
this country every year, and settle in our new*
States and Tern lories; and under th is system they
are to be permitted at once to organize themselves
into States, to send representatives to this House
and to the Senate, and to participate m the elec-
tion of the President of the United states, with-
out ever navm* conformed to the requisition of
tii.> naturalization laws. In the name of God ! is
it not necessary to put a stop to tins state of
things' We are running downwards with hot
habit. We are disregarding our ancestors and
their wise and patriotic example. A new element
of progress has been introduced, but all progiess
is not improvement—f,talis descensus .loerni, set
reiocure. gradum, &c. I insist upon it, then, that
in view of the principles and doctrines of the Con-
Htitution, we ought not to tolerate the introduction
of a system of franchise that must be productive
of such consequences, and which admits to the
ballot-box men who, it may be, are unaole to
speak our language, unacquainted with out insti-
tutions, and unfriendly to the principles of our
Government. My time will not allow me to ex-
pand this subject, and give other views which I
would be glad to lay before the country.
Mr. MILLSON obtained the floor.
Mr. GROW. I desire to make a suggestion to
the gentleman from Virginia, which I hope will
meet his views.
[Cries of " Let us adjourn."]
Mr. MILLSON. I only want the floor for about
four minutes.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I thought the un-
derstanding was that this business was to be
ended to-night. If I had had any idea that it was
not to be so, I should not have made my speech
this afternoon, when I was somewhat unprepared.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 desire, Mr. Speaker, to
make a few remarks suggested by the remarks i;
of my colleague [Mr. Smith] in regard to what !■
he characterizes as alien suffrage. Now, Mr. ,
Speaker, if I supposed that it was at all compe- ^
tent forCongiess to pass upon the constitution of ;i
a State applying for admission into the Union to j!
the extent of approving or disapproving any pro- j;
visions that might be contained in that constitu-
tion, 1 should see more direct application than I
now suppose there is in my colleague's remarks. !'
In what I am aboi^ to say 1 do not wish Jo be ;
understood as approving of the extension of the ;
rightof suffrage to unnaturalized foreigners; for ,
many in the House may remember that it was oil
rny motion in the last Congress that the House j
adopted an amendment to the Oregon bnl, re- j
striding the suffrage to the citizens of the United I'
Slates. But if my colleague objects to thcadmis- j
sion of a State into the Union because of an objec- ;
tion of that character to her constitution, I beg |
i leave to suggest that we are traveling fir beyond
! our appropriate sphere; and I would suggest to i
! him, further, that in making aniniadversions on j
the constitution of Minnesota, lie is animadvert- j
1 ing upon the constitution of his own Slate. I ask j
1 my colleague whether he did not vote for the con- ;
1 stitution of Virginia, adopted in lc-31? I would |
ask him whether he did not vote for the consti-
tution of Virginia adopted four or five ycors ago ? |
and now I beg leave to remind hi.n tlia^from the |
earliest period of the history of the Common-
wealth of Virginia ahen votes have been taken at
all of the elections, and are still taken. Does not
the gentleman know that?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not; nor do ±
admit it.
Mr. MILLSON. I am surprised that my col-
league does not admit that to be so; for if he w.ll
look to the old constitution of Virginia, he will
find that it expressly admits to the nnht of suf-
frage citizens of Vnginia. If he wiil look to the
constitution of 1S31, lie will find that the same
provision is mode there—11 citizens of tins Com-
monwealth." And if he will look to the very last
constitution, he will find the v-i v saine pnrase-
olosy if preserved, and all are :ied to^vote who
are'ritizens of the Commonwealth of Vi'gtma.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Of couise. that is
proper phraseology; but, sir, citizens of ^/nginia
< are citizens of the United States,
i Mr. MILLSON. And now, sir, to deprive my
1 colleague of the benefit he thinks he has secured
I bv the last explanation, I will tell him that if he
I will look at the statutes of Virginia, he w ill find
j a law coeval with the earliest history ot the Com-
; monwealth of Virginia and existing m tne statnte-
, book until four or five yeafs ago, ill winch tne
' mode is pointed out for admitting auens to be cit-
i izens of the StLne of ^ nriMa. _
! Mr. SMITH, of Wg.ma. I wis.i to ask my
! colleague whether he does not know that the act
i to winch he rcfeis was ante-revolutionary, and
! passed before the adoption of the constitution, and
, whether it is not unrecognized m the revised code
I of Virginia > .
Mr. MILLSON. So far from iul will tell my
, colleague that it was enacted m li9:2, reenacted
i and continued in the revisal of 1 19, and contin-
! ued underthe constitution ot 1631,and it was only
j dropped from the revised code under the revision
' of Messis. Patten and Robertson some four or
i five years ago. That law, I will tell my colleague,
1 has never been repealed to this day, although
' omitted in that code.
I be" leave to say only this—as I do not wish
! to detain the House, having promised to occupy
' its attention for a few moments only' tnat l aave
myself, in my capacity as attorney and counselor
at law, assisted in the conferring of citizenship
upon many foreign voters; and that nothing was
more common, before a warmly-contested elec-
tion in Virginia, than for the county court to meet
two or three days before the opening of election,
and sometimes an hour or two before the election,
for the express purpose of admitting aliens to the
right of voting, who never had been naturalized
under any act of the United States. And, again,
I will tell my colleague that I do not know that
this right was ever questioned in the Congress of
the United States, or elsewhere, but once. It was
once questioned in a contested election, originat-
ing in the district which I now represent—the
contested election between Newton and Lawyer.
The sitting member, Mr. Newton, contested a
number of votes in the poll of Mr. Lawyer, upon
the ground that the voters were not entitled to
vote, not having been naturalized under the laws
of the United States. The case turned upon that
question. I well remember it, sir, for it was about
the earliest political election I ever remember to
have witnessed. I remember that the majority
of Mr. Newton was about eleven or thirteen, and
that about forty or fifty votes of the character I
have referred to were given for Mr. Lawyer. The
House of Representatives in that case determined
that these votes were valid and legal, and Mr.
Lawyer took his seat, ousting Mr. Newton.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will ask my col-
league if he knows of any other district? I will
ask my other colleagues if they know of a single
case in which any foreigner but a naturalized for-
eigner has exercised tiie right of suffrage in Vir-
ginia, except in the Norfolk district? If there is
one, let us hear it. I cannot be accountable for
what my colleague may do as Commonwealth's
attorney; but 1 beg him to look to the law and the
i authorities which I have quoted.
■ Mr. MILLSON. In reply, I can only say that
' as I have never been a lesident of any district in
' Virginia, or m the. United States, except the dis-
trict'which I now represent, I cannot, of course,
give my colleague any personal information in re-
gard to the practice at elections in other districts.
But I give him the law and the constitution of the
! State of Virginia. I show him that these consti-
tutions have always admitted to the right of vot-
ing citizens of the Commonwealth of Virginia; and
1 point him to the law under which these aliens
> may be admitted to citizenship in the Common-
wealth of Virginia. What more could my col-
league reasonably demand ?
I have nsen only fur the purpose of suggesting
to my colleague tliat however strong may be his
objections, (and I admit their force,) when he un-
dertakes to exclude a State from this Union bc-
1 cause of the exercise of a right which his own
State constantly exercised from the beginning of
I the Union to the present day, it strikes me that
. he is taking a position not in accordance with the
: doctrine of State rights, which has heretofore been
i one of his characteristics. .
Mr. PHILLIPS obtained the floor, but yielded
>! '"Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. I thank the gentle-
i'i man for his courtesy. My colleague could not
j; have failed to notice that I read Mr. Gallatin 3
!' remarks upon the notions which prevailed as to
ii the right of States to allow the right of suffrage
: I undeAhc-ir own naturalization laws, and that Mr.
ii Gallatin said that it was subsequently ascertained
i' to be an erroneous notion. I say that, in tne State
il ofVirginia, 1 knew no such case as that instanced
|l by mycolleague, in the city of Norfolk. It is very
;l certain that if the practice did prevail, it was an
'■ erroneous practice, according to tho authorities I
> have cited.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not know what the law
of Virginia may be upon the subject.
\ Mr. BLISS. Will the gentleman allow me a
!■ moment?
Mr. PHILLIPS. For what purpose r
i Mr. BLISS. It is not to make any remarks
II upon this subject. There are several gentlemen
|i here who desire, in perhaps five and ten minutes
!• speeches, to give their opinions, or rather their
|l conclusions, upon this question. I now propose,
'! if the gentleman will yield the floor for that pur-
! pose, to move that wo take a recess until eight
• o'clock. [Criep of "No!" "Nol-'l I under-
" stood thtt it was determined to dispose of this
matter to-night.
