200.3
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
Mr. GROW. If my colleague will allow me,
there are three amendments pending to this bill,
and one substitute. They will' probably require
four votes, by yeas and nays. If we set out to
take the vote to-night; we cannot probably do it
.until ten or eleveno'clock. I propose then that
we have a meeting, if gentlemen desire it, this
evening, and that it be understood that on Satur-
day or Monday, at twelve o'clock, we shall pro-
ceed to take the vote upon these amendments.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not want to adjourn. I
prefer to make my suggestions now.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The suggestion j
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania meets
ray approbation. If gentlemen choose to go oil and
speak to-night let them do so. Let the previous
question be seconded to-night, with the under-
standing that the vote shall be taken on Monday
at one o'clock, and that I Khali close the debate
between twelve and one o'clock.
Mr. REILLY. I object.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I was saying that I did not
know what were the laws of Virginia in relation
to the right of suffrage, and there seems to be a
difference of opinion on that subject between the
two gentlemen from that State. But this I do
know, that to hear such doctrines as were enun-
ciated by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith] surprised me amazingly. The most ultra
Federal doctrines and the strongest consolidation
theories ever promulgated in this country, are not
more so than that asserted by the gentleman—
that the United States have the right to interfere
with the State governments. But, I confess, it
was with surprise that I heard enunciated by a
Representative from Virginia a doctrine which,
according to my idea, totally puts down every-
thing like a recognition of State rights.
Mr. Speaker, it is a little matter to inquire about
here. It is, peihaps, unimpoitant whether a for-
eigner ha3 a right to vote in a State or not. But
I claim that each State shall have the right to gov-
ern itself. I claim it under that provision of the
Constitution which says that " the powers not
delegated to the United States by the Constitu-
tion, nor prohibited by it to the States, are re-
served to the States respectively, or to the peo-
fle;" and I challenge the gentleman, ingenious as
know him to be, to find anything in the Consti-
tution of the United States which tends to show
that any State in this Union ever intended to sur-
render to the Federal Government the right to con-
trol its own affairs, or the right to direct who shall
exercise the right of suffrage within it. I mean
to show the gentleman, if he will be taught, by
the language of the Constitution of the United
States, that the difference between " C!tizens"and
"people" was well understood by those who
framed it,and that difference must be applied here
to justify the gentleman's vote for the Kansas-
Nebraska act, which, I believe, contained a clause
similar to that which he finds so obnoxious in
the constitution of Minnesota.
Now, we find in the Federalist, in one of Mr.
Madison's papeis, this language:
" Do these principles, in fin'1; require tiiat tile powers of
the Federal Govprn'n^nf t'honid I-e limited, and that be} ami
this inn it the brutes be left m P0-je^?i0n or' then-
sovereignty rind independence ? We have ?eeu that in the
new Government a.- in the o!<!, the geueiai powers areiiin-
ited, and that tlif* States, in all unenv >t"ruted case^, are left
in the enjojment of their sovereign and independent juris-
diction."
And we find, when we come to ascertain from
the differences of opinion and confusion of minds
which pervaded the formation of the Constitution,
some one element, that the one which pervaded
it more than any other was, that nothing was
taken away from a State which was not express-
ly declared in the Constitution to be surrendered
to the Federal Government.
_ Mr. SMITf-T, of Virginia. In order to mark my
views upon the subject of State rights I rejoice
in the very number of the Hamilton paper from
which I read. I read a clause in which fre spoke
of a residuary class of powers not granted to the
Federal Government, as exclusively residing in
the States. But let the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania bear m mind that one of the rights of
the States is the right to the Union, and that the
rights of the Stat"? are defined by the Federal Con-
stitution, leaving in the States, as one residuary
mass of powers, ail those which have not been
granted to the Fuleral Government. But if it be,
according to my view, that the right of citizen-
ship can alone be conferred upon those of foreign
birth by Federal authority, and that the States
alone have the right to say who of those that are
citizens shall exercise the right of suffrage; I
would like to know how that is interfering with
the right of a State ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentleman assumes the
whole ground. It is begging a question to say
they are citizens of the United States. The ar-
gument refutes itself. I will do -little more than
refer to the Constitution of tlie United States,and
assert what I believe to be the right of my State—
a State which, though she haa not said as much
about State rights as the State of Virginia, will
stand u p equally firmly in resistence to Federal
usurpation. The-gentleman saysthat the powers
reserved to the States are "enurher&ted powers. I
insist that thosfe given up-to-the General Govern-
ment are the enumerated p'owers, >nd all others are
expressly reserved -and i-etained. It cannot be
sustained that a State can e'xereise only enumer-
ated powers. Sovereignty includes all power; and
such part of a State's sovereignty only as she has
contributed to the national stock is lost to her. If
the Constitution of the United States shows no
delegation of authority to Congress to regulate
the qualifications of electors in the States, it can-
not be seriously argued that Congress can exer-
cise such right.
I want the gentleman to tell me where such a
right exists. I ask him to show me in the Con-
stitution of the United States, if he can, where
any State of this Union has surrendered to the
Federal Government the right to prescribe the
qualifications of electors; for such ought to be his
task. But I will take the labor on myself, and
save the gentleman the trouble, and show him the
contrary thereof. I will show him that, by that
very Constitution, there are recognized, as among
the people of the United States, the " penple" of
the United States, and also "citizens" of the Uni-
ted Slates; and it is not asking too much to sup-
pose that those who made the Constitution, who
studied it for hours, days, weeks, and months,
did not put into it words which were not well
studied and thought over, and that they had not
as much intelligence, and did not as well under-
stand the meaning and bearing of them, as our-
selves.
I ask the gentleman's attention to the very first
article of the Constitution, and he will find that
the House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every two years by the people
of the several States. And must the electors have
the qualifications of being citizens of the United
States? No; they shall only have the qualifica-
tions requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the S'ate Legislature. That is to say,
recognizing that each State will have a Legisla-
ture, as being the republican form of government,
whosoever you, gentlemen, who govern the State
of Virginia, or we, who help to govern the State
of Pennsylvania, shall consider entitled to vote
for members of the House of Representatives of
our several States, may vote for members of the
House of Representatives of the United States.
There are no words of exclusion there.
And now, if the gentleman will look at the next
section, he will raid that no person shall be a Rep-
resentative who shall not have attained the age
of twenty-five years, and been seven years a cit-
izen of the United States—not of the Plate, Mr.
Speaker, but of the United States. Those who
made that Constitution recognized the difference.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would iike to know,
if the gentleman will tell me, the difference be-
tween a citizen of the State, ai)d a citizen of the
United States.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Perhaps it may be immate-
rial to inquire.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Oh I no; it is very
material.
Mr. PHILLIPS. There has been a areat dif-
ference of opinion on that subject. When tho
gentleman shows me that the right of suffrage is
confined to the citizens of a State, then it may be-
come another question; but while no such ques-
tion is presented, it is hardly worth while to argue
any abstract question and one the solution of
which certainly would not result in the gentle-
man's favor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should like the
gentleman to tell me distinctly, because thereby
may hang the question. I maintain this, that the
citizen of a State is, ex vi termini, a citizen of the
United States, and that there is no such thing as
an independent citizenship of the United States.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Well, sir, for the sake of the
argument, let us concede it. The question does
not arise here. Let any man on this floor show
me that from first to last of this Constitution by
which We are bound to steer, of this Constitution
from which We derive all the power which we
ought to exercise-, there is anything which indi-
cates that the right of suffrage must be confined
to the citizens of a State. I decline, therefore, to
argue an immaterial issue—one, too, which I know
has been attended with great differences of opin-
ion; for certainly the gentleman cannot find out
how the question arises here.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will say to the
gentleman that in politics, as in figures, and many
other things, there are certain conceded premises.
In politics, the concession is that when-a people
form a government for themselves, it is intended
to be confined to themselves, or such as they may
formally admit within theirborly. I have labored
to establish that principle, and to show that that
was the purpose of those who framed the Federal
Constitution, as it is the purpose of those who
frame State constitutions. I have assumed it as
a postulate, and if it be correct the gentleman "will
readily see that his argument has no foundation.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I am glad to agrpe with the
gentleman in one of his positions. His premises
are sound; but he draws illogical conclusions. I
agree with his premises; but I deny that the words
"people"and"citizens"areidentical. Iagreewith
him that the people may form jsuch goverment as
they please; and I agree with him that they may
admit to the rightof participation in the Govern-
ment such persons as they please; but out of his
own mouth I beg leave to convict him, when he
says that they may admit to participation such
persons ss they please, and when they admit
aliens, who are thus people—because they allow
them to be such—then, according to the gentle-
man's premises, they have a perfect right to do
so.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman will
allow me to remind him of what I am sure he has
forgotten. The celebrated Dred Scott case recog-
nizes as correlative terms tho words "people" and
"citizens." Judge Taney so declares expressly,
and I know the gentleman entertains too high an
opinion of the Supreme Court to question any-
thing it says.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I deny that he has said so.
The gentleman cannot show that. If the court
did say such a thing as that, it said what it should
not have said, though I think no such thing was
there asserted. At the same time, if that was a
point decided, I certainly would submit, because
the decision of the Supreme Court, with mo,
makesluv. But, Mr. Speaker, it never decided
any such thing, if I understand the decision aright.
Now, I want to turn back the attention of the
gentleman to what he and I are bound to regard
—the Constitution of the United States; and I
again say that he will find that the framers of that
Constitution recognized the difference between
the words "people" and "citizens," and that
they intended that the people of the States ad-
mitted to participate should be people for the pur-
poses of government.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want the gentle-
man to see what Judge Taney says:
11 The avoids £ people of the' United Sutes and 'citizens'
are synon) uioas tenm."
Mr. PHILLIPS. Very well. I do not know
exactly in what connection that is said, and the
gentleman is entitled to all the inference that can
be drawn from it m his favor.
But, Mr. Speaker, I want the gentleman's at-
tention to another tiling. If I understood him
correctly—.md if not it is my fault—his objection
is that this constitution of Minnesota is not re-
publican in t fleet. Am I right there?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I mean this; that
this Minnesota constitution in allowing those who
are not citizens of the United States to vote, is a
constitution in violation of the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then you mean that it is
not republican. But I wish to call the gentle-
man's attention to something else. If it is not
republican m form that constitutes an objection
to the admission of the State. His objection ia
