922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
people to go into the election. Before that time,
however, the election of delegates to the conven-
tion came on. That was soon after the arrival of
Governor Walker in the Territory. He wentout
beset with that delusion which seems to be cher-
ished so much about here, that there is but a little
factious disturbing minority of the people of Kan-
sas who make all the trouble—that, they are m a
state of rebellion 1 Governor Walker went there
with that notion, and at fust he could smell rebel-
lion in everything. If the people associated m
Lawrence to light and clean their streets, or build
a bridge by common consent, he could see noth-
ing in it but treason. He wanted a great army
to environ that town; butafteralM do not know
that he succeeded in shooting anybody, or that
he found out any treason. He became disabused
of this. So did Stanton, and so did Geary. They
ascertained what the condition of the country
really was when they had been there long enough
to have a personal acquaintance with it, and then
they began to see it in its true light, and they be-
gan to try to carry out the direction they had re-
ceived, that they should do justice to the people.
I say, in regard to the election for delegates to the
convention, that Governor Walker and Secretary
Stanton tried to persuade the people to go into it,
but all the time gave them the most direct assur-
ances, coming from the President himself, that
whatever constitution the convention might form
should be submitted to their vote for ratification
or rejection. That was the assurance they had.
There was another element which entered into
the election of delegates. The Legislature had
ordered a census to be taken, and the delegates to
be apportioned to the districts according to the
census. A census was taken; and what I have to
say of it is that in all the counties it was very
imperfectly done; in many counties, and some of
them very populous, it was not done at ali. I
know the Senator from Missouri says that the
people prevented it; but how could the people
prevent men from taking a census, where there
was no officer to take it? Nor do I see how it is
possible to prevent a man taking a census. He
can inquire of the neighbors, or of anybody, who
lives here? who lives there? who lives in this
house? and who in that house? It seems to me
a strange thing to say that you cannot take a cen-
sus, cannot count the people. It is very much
like the boy who could not tell how many pigs
there were in a certain lot; he had counted all that
were there but one, and it was a spotted one, and
kept running about so that he could not count it.
[Laughter.] I do not see any difficulty in count-
ing, Where there were officers, they could have
taken the census truly. Where there were no
officers, the people were not to blame; but in some
counties where there were officers, they did not
try to take a census at all. There were some fif-
teen counties that were nominal counties, that
did not have any census. Some of those were
populous counties—populous for that country.
You will perceive that that people as a body, as
a mass, had no opportunity to be represented by
delegates m the convention.
In the next place, it is true that the mass of the
people had no confidence in the officers who were
to conduct the election of delegates. They had
no participation in the selection of those officers;
and they were not appointed by the Governor.
In the third place, the assurances which they re-
ceived directly and expressly from the organs of
the Government, authorized by the President him-
self, were such that the people said to themselves,
"really we do not care very much about the con-
vention; we do not much care about their consti-
tution; we do not care who writes it; we do not
much care what it contains; because we are as-
sured that we shall have the opportunity to vote
directly upon it; that we shall have the oppor-
tunity to reject it if we do not like it; to approve
it if we do like it: that is what we are told, and
therefore we need not trouble ourselves about the
election of members of the convention. " Were not
such the assurances given ? It will hardly be de-
nied, I apprehend; but to make it perfectly clear,
let me make a few quotations. The President, in
his instructions to Governor Walker through the
Secretary of State, on the 30th of March, 1857,
said:
" When such constitution should be submitted to the peo-
ple of the ferntoiy, they must be protected m the exercise
ot their nght oi voting for or &gam>t that instrument, and
the fair expression of the popular will must not be inter-
rupted by fiaud or violence."
Can anything be more explicit than this? Gov-
ernor Walker, in an official dispatch to the State
Department, dated June 2,1857, said:
"On one point the sentiment of the people is almost
unamniou-j—iliat the constitution mu^t be submitted for lat-
iheatiou or rejection, 10 a vote of tiie people, who &hall be
bona Jidc residents of the Territory next fall."
In his inaugural address to the people of Kan-
sas, Governor Walker declared:
" With these views well known to the President and
Cabinet, and approved by them, I accepted the appointment
of Governor of Kansas:. My instructions from the President,
throujihthc Secretary of State, under date of the 30th March
last, sustain i the regular Legislature of the Territory in as-
sembling a convention to form a constitution.' And they
express the opinion of the President, that when such con-
stitution shall be submitted to the people of the Territory,
they must be protected in the exercise of their right of voting
for or agam.-t that instrument, and the fair expression of
the popular will must not be interfered with by fraud or
violence. 1 repeat, theiua*. my clear conviction, that unless
the convention submit the constitution 10 the vote of all
the actual resident settlers of Kansas, and the election be
fanlv and quietly conducted, the constitution will be, and
ought to be, rejected by Congress."
 
These were the assurances which the people
received. Might they not, then, very well have
said, <rwhen the time comes for us to vote, when
we may vote under these assurances, we will vote,
if that fair opportunity be presented to as; but we
know these men, Governor, better than you do;
we doubt whether that time will ever come; but,
as you say it shall come, and that the constitution
will be rejected unless it docs comc, wc will trust
it; we will not make war; we will exercise no vio-
lence about it; we will trust to the assurances we
have received from you as the organ of the Gov-
ernment, coming, as you tell us, from the head of
the Government."
Is it not strange to talk of that people having
bean estopped? What is the doctrine of estoppel?
Among lawyers it is understood to be taking some
objection, by which you prevent testimony from
being taken; you estop a man from examination
into the truth. It is said in the books to be odious
even m the law; but it is absolutely intolerable in
legislation. But, sir, the doctrine of estoppel is
pushed a little beyond this, and with great moral
propriety, in courts of law. Wherever one man
gives to another man assurances of facts upon
which he knows that man is to act, and the man
does act upon them, the man who gave such assu-
rances is never permitted to dispute them. If the
honorable Senator from Maine, who sits beside
me, [Mr. Fessendex,] is about to buy ahorse of
A B, and asks me whet her that is A B's horse, he
knowing I once owned him, and I tell him it is A B's
horse, and he buys it, the doctrine applies. How?
Knowing that he was about to buy it, and giving
him that assurance and permitting him to act un-
der it, I am estopped afterwards from claiming
that horse to be mine. If I could prove it to be
mine I should not be permitted to do it; and this
commends itself to the acceptance of every man.
It is called estoppel in pals.
What was done to these people? They were
told, as an assurance coming from the President
of the United States, "if the convention was elect-
ed when you could not vote, or if it was called for
by a vote in which you could not participate, no
matter about the constitution it may make; it is
to pass under your sanction, if it is ever adopted
at all—then let it go." Now, sir, I ask, in all
moral propriety, by the application of any sound
ethics, are not this Government, this community,
this Senate,as an integral part of this Government,
now estopped from telling that people that they
should have voted in the first place? Have we
not led them into this security? Have we not
given them, through our organ, these direct assur-
ances, and induccd them to act on them? Yes.
I Then we should be estopped from saying that
they have not done as they should. It is we who
should be estopped, not they. This should be
the end of the complaint that the people ought to
have gone and voted for the delegates.
It is very observable, Mr. President, that as
long as that unscrupulous minority there, who
had been installed into power by an invasion, re-
tained power, we heard constantly in the Senate,
" let there be no intervention in the Territory;
we cannot interfere at all in any way; they must
work it out themselves; we have turned it over
to them, and they must work out their own salva-
tion, for through much tribulation you must enter
into the kingdom of Heaven; we cannot interfere
at all." i( Well, but," it was said," they stole that
power; and do you calculate to sustain them,
and make yourselves receivers of stolen goods?"
44 Oh!" it was replied, " there is an estoppel; we
cannot inquire into it." That went on for some
time; no relief could be obtained. The people
endured it. They, to be sure, made some little
effort. They did what they could. They could
not make any effort according to territorial law.
They kept reading and reading over the assur-
ances which their organic act contained, under
which they went there. Congress told them that
the people of the Territory should be left perfectly
free to form their institutions in their own way.
The people said: *' That is English; it is all ver-
nacular; we can read that as well as a learned
man; we have not been left free thus far; we have
been invaded, conquered, and subdued, passed
under the yoke, and that condition of things is
attempted to be perpetuated by the very laws these
men have made; in short, they have us here as
absolutely as ever the Samnites had the Romans
in the Caudme Forks. What shall we do? Well,
we will get together, inviting ali to participate
with us, and we will make a constitution; we will
let the people vote on that; we will send it to
Congress, and see if they will not accept it, for
we do not despair of the justice of our country."
They made the Topeka constitution. But what
if they did? They made it, not organizing any
government under it to be put in force, but making
a Legislature, and choosing the necessary officers
for an organization, altogether subjunctive, alto-
gether conditional and preliminary, subject to the
action of Congress. The House of Representa-
tives accepted it; the Senate rejected it. They
have, from time to time, continued that organiza-
tion, not yet despairing but that they would be
enabled to show Congress what was their true
condition, and that they would obtain relief.
They had nothing but vituperation and abuse from
this Government. They were called by every
possible name ofvitupe ration—I wasgoing to add,
that the language of billingsgate could present. I
shall spend no more time about the Topeka con-
stitution, but pass on in the history of events.
In October, 1857, so strong were the assurances
from Governor Walker and Secretary Stanton to
the people, that they should have a fair election
of a Territorial Legislature under the congres-
sional law, that they finally concluded to go into
it. Though they had been thus far all the while
cheated and deceived by the assurances of the
Government; though they had been told they
should be left free and had not been; though they
had often been told that they might go to Con-
gress for redress, and did go and did not get it;
though they had received assurances of fairness
but did not have it; yet after all, with great for-
bearance, they concluded once more to make an
effort, and they went into the territorial election
last October. What did it disclose? The Gov-
ernor received the returns. It is not necessary
that I should go over them. Hundreds, thou-
sands of fictitious names were added to the returns
coming up from places where there were known
to be not even a hundred voters. Then we are
told—" estoppel, you must not touch it." The
Governor did indeed find a way to realize in some
way his assurances. He said these returns were
not certified in legal form—not that he could set
them aside for any corruption of substance, cor-
rupt as he said they were. Even if every name
was copied out of the Cincinnati Directory and he
knew it, he said he could not touch that; but he
did find in the form of the returns a chance to get
rid of this fraud. But for that act of his, what
would ha've been the effect? That people, with
three to one, four to one, or five to one against the
party in power, would again have been subjected
to the same intolerable oppression which they
had suffered for years.
That is what the election of October disclosed.
It disclosed that the view of that people in rela-
tion to the tricks and frauds which would be prac-
ticed on them, and which they told the Governor
would be practiced on him, were verified, and
came very near being successful, too. Butthe elec-
tion was declared. Now has come the time in
October, 1857, after all this trouble, going through
this chapter of suffering and of shame, when the
people of that Territory have, for the first time,
