1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2009
thflt it is anti-republican, or not republican; his
obj"C5ion must m^an that or nothing.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is unconstitu
tional.
Mr PHILLIPS. That means the same thing.
But 1 invite the honorable gentleman's attention
to another clause of the Constitution. We must
t.^ke care in admitting a State that it has a repub-
lican form of government; but, Mr. Speaker, we
must also take care that it continues to have a re-
publican form ofgovernment, for the Constitution
says, " the United States shall guaranty to every
State in the Union a republican form of govern-
ment." Now, I ask thegentleman where his argu-
ment will lead 5 Y/ill he tell us that the States
winch have admitted to the right of suffrage those
who are not citizens shall be put outof the Union
or rebuked ? And that is exactly where his course
of argument must carry him. If it is true that
you cannot admit a State without a republican
form of government, it is equally true that you
have guarantied that the form of governmentshall
continue republican; and if it be so, nonebutcit-
izens of the United States can vote, according to
the gentleman's theory, otherwise the govern-
ment wou'd not be republican. What will thegen-
tleman from Virginia do with the State of New
already said, it is a tribunal whose decisions I j
recognize as making law; and I think the best I
thing we can do is to recognize as binding the I
authority of those whose decisions we are told by j
the Constitution shall be law. So much in an-
swer to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Ohio.
But I want to have the attention of the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. S'mith} a step or two
further. Did he vote for the admission of Kansas5
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I voted for the re-
port of the committee of conference, certainly.
Mr. PHILLIPS. He voted for the admission
of Kansas under the Lecomnton constitution;
which, I believe, contains a provision simtiar in
all its features to this one in the Minnesota con-
stitution.
[Loud cries of " No!" " No !"]
Mr. TRIPPE. The gentleman isentirely mis-
taken.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Well, foreigners could vote
under (he territorial laws. By the territorial laws
they are allowed to vote.
[Cries of " No!" (( No !"]
Mr. PHILLIPS. If gentlemen will allow me
I will get it right. I know that the organic act
allowed foreigners to vote, and that, under the ter-
Court of the United States aa citizens of the Uni-
ted States—negroes— are allowed to vote if they
own §250 worth of property; the difference be-
tween a white voter and a negro being just that
sum ?
York, where those not recognized by the Supreme if ritorial laws, they could vote.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me fora moment.
Mr.CAMPBELL. I rise toaquestion of order.
I wish it understood that I have no sort of objec-
^ ... . , ^on 10 a general cross-examination, in which all I
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There isno clause ;> sides of the House may participate, as to what the i
in the Constitution, that I am aware of, that in !' Kansas constitution means. ' j
terms requires us to look into the constitution even i: Mr. BURNETT. 1 do not see that that is any j
to ascertain whether it is republican in form; but question of order. i
as v/e only may admit new totes into the Union, <i Mr. CAMPBELL. I think it due to all of us, !
and as that implies an exercise of the judgment, if themerits of the constitutional to be discussed, i
we have a right to look into the constitution; and \< that we should have the privilege of cross-exam- i
if, on doing that, I find that the constitution is ining gentlemen as to how the act passed the other ;
violative of the Consulution of the United Stales, j day is to be construed. >
it is my duty to refu&e my assent to its acceptance. Mr. PHILLIPS. Is that a point of order ; I
As to New York or Pennsylvania, in the daysof j; The SPEAKER. The geiitiunan from Ohio '
Mr. Gallatin, when he acknowledged the error, or |J will please state his question of ord t. j
ij Air. CAMPBELL. It is, fn st-, that it is not in j
order for the gentleman from Pennsylvania to !>
Virginia, or any other State that may have com-
muted an error, I suppose their error is no refu-
tation of my argument if it be sound and in con-
formity with the Constitution.
Mr. PHILLIPS. There can be no difference.
The gentleman's objection to this constitution
rests, then, upon the ground that it is anti-repub-
lican, for that wiiicn violates the Constitution of
the United States we do not recognize as re-pub-
lican; and if that is the test which is to be applied ,
to Minnesota, and to prevent her from becoming
0 State, he ou^ht to call the attention of the au- ;
thontics to the necessity of simi'ar provisions
being extirpated from any constitution into which i j
they have been introduced. r
Mr. Speaker, some of my friends have handed
me the Dred Scott decision,and have asked me to |i
read one or two passages to thegentleman, which !■
1 have no doubt he must have overlooked. This ||
is from the opinion of the court, pronounced by I:
the distinguished Chief Justice: !;
'• Undoubtedly, a p^rcon muv he a citizen, that is, a mem- ;
hei of the community who term thr; f-oveieigntv, although i'
ho oxetowM;? no of ti'c poliecal powvr, and is mcapA- !1
c.iated from holihnapai ticuiai otrice*. VVoimni ami iiiniuis 1
who form a p.ut ot 'the |viamdy. c.mnot vote; and !,
when a piop«'ify qaahijcatioa is rcquned t:> vote or hold a : ■
p-uficn!,!' orhce, ti o=e who have not the iiece^arv quahfi- \
canon cannot \<;:o or iioJd the office, yet they are citizen^. j,
*{So, too. o pc'i /f.'uv !>c entitled to i cte bif the la*,* oj the \
State, uho is not a citizen even oj ihe Utats itself \ \
The gentleman's respect for authority, and for j,
the authority of Chief Justice Taney, will, I am
suie, make him recant all that he has said m op- 11
position to these views.
The Chief Justice adds: ij
ilx.1a d in some of the Slates cf the Union, forexznri ? not \
naturalized, are uLlo Led io voi_\ And 111
then^htto irre n-'-aiOOJ and mat
; discussing the Kansas question; and secondly,
1 that it is not in order for him to be interrupted,
1 unless it be for personal explanation. If thegen-
tleman from Virginia desires to make a personal
explanation, I will make no objection.
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
; ginia cannot interrupt th>. gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, as the gentleman fiom Ohio objects.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Oh, I hope he will
withdraw the objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand what the gen-
tleman desires to suiyisin the natnreof a personal
explanation, and I withdraw mv obpeuon.
Mr. PHILLIPS, I should be sdad to know
how long the gentleman is £omg to take. He has
had most of my time already.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman read
from the Dred Scoit decision, and 1 beg leave to
continue the reading. Chief Justice Taney says:
" The CoTiMiMtioii ha< conferred on Consre^s the riL'ht
to estubh-d) a um'oim n.!o of naturalization, and tln< light
is evidently exclusive, and has always been held by this
coui t to be *a. Conseq'ien'h, no Stare. <-mce tne adoption
of the Consiimtion, can. <>\ iiatutah/.in«; an ahen, invent
him with the light-* and pnvdege> seeiuor! to a cinz<>n of a
State under the Fedciai Government, although, so t,e a.->
the State alone was concenicd, he would iiiidoaiue-iiy he
entitled io the rnihts of a cniz^n. and chnVd nil the
right5! and immuintici winch th^ constitnt.o'i an i !awr> of
the State attached to that character."
In the exercise of all these_po\vers within the
domestic managementof the State, luspowerex-
ists; but he cannot exercise any po\ver under the
Federal Constitution. j
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Speaker, I agree to what ;
tit- mavnve ^ie gentleman has read and said. I agree that the j
int d'i"-euot States cannot natunhze, bee .in so they have con- ■
mike mem citizens of the State, and still Ipo* of di-
ctates "
United ,i ferred upon the Federal Government the exclu-
sive power: nor does any State attempt to exer-
I do not suppose that I need refer to any books cise such a ri^ht; butl deny theright oft lie Fed
to satisf " ' ' ..***■••<-*.. i . i    u
is not
fra^e
with u. _ j
Mr. BLISS made a remark questioning the
validity of the Dn-d Scott decision, which it was
impossible for th-"4 reporter to hear.
Mr. PlliLLiPS, ' I have great respect for the '
opun jus of the Supreme Court, because, as I have •
• sas act, i thouM have called it the Kansas-oNTe- |
braska act, for which the gentleinau \oteti. But :
1 that is not material. 1 would latheraddress my- 1
; self to the gentleman's judgment than to his m- ;
' consistencies, if there arc any. J
Now, sir, a word or two as to Minnesota. Here ■
is a Territory with a population sufHcient in num-
bers, and, I apprehend, in intelligence and go'od
conduct, to be entitled to admission into the Union
as a State. She comes here as every other Ter-
ritory docs, known and independent. She comes
under an act passed by the last Congress, telling
her to make a constitution and submit it to the
people without any restrictions—not to the citi-
zens—and that she shall be admitted if it is re-
publican in form. And if gentlemen will turn
fo the enabling act of Minnesota, (if I recollect
rightly, and if I am wrong, I am willing to be cor-
rected,) they will find that where it provides for
the election of delegates to the convention, it pre-
scribes the qualifications of voters; but where it
speaks of the submission of the constitution to
the people, it does not do any such thing; tacitly
allowing the right of all the people the proper au-
thorities of the inchoate State might recognize as
such. I am not going to argue the question of
either alien or citizen suffrage—each State can reg-
ulate that as she chooses; it is part of her domes-
tic policy in which the Federal Government can-
not intervene; all that I claim and insist upon is
the right of each State to manage that for herself,
and therefore if the constitution of Minnesota be
republican in form,and her population sufficient,
she should be admitted.
A word or two now on the bill itself; for the
doctrine of the gentleman seemed to be in such
conflict with what I have been taught to believe
was the rights of the States, that I could not for-
bear expressing my dissent.
There is an amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] upon
which I wish to make a single remark, because
it seems to be objectionable. It is, that the num-
ber of Representatives shall be, two or three, as
the House shall determine, until a census can be
taken, and after that as many as the State shall
be entitled to under the present apportionment,
and until the gem-i a! apportionment of Represent-
atives amongst the several States. I oppose that,
brcause it is making an inequality against the
other States; it is giving to Minnesota an in-
creased representation, when the other States
j whose population has increased would not get it.
j It seems to be in opposition to the usual practice,
1 is of no practical usefulness, and, to say the best
i of it, of doubtful constitutionality. Other States
have their representation fixed by the census of
1850, and must remain unchanged until a new ap-
portionment is made upon the census of 1860.
The population of some of these has so laigely
increased that they would now be entitled to more
Representatives than they have; but that cannot
be just now. And there is no reason why Min-
nesota's representation, once fixed, shall not con-
tinue so until the time of the general change.
Such is the contemplation of the Constitution and
the laws, and therefore the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia ought not to prevail.
In regard to the admission of Minnesota, the
good faith of Congress—the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress—and the good faith ofthe people, require that
we should give a State government to the people
of that Territory.
The population of Minnesota largely exceeds
that of many States already in the Union; her in-
stitutions have been shaped after republican ex-
amples; her State government has been prepared
in a manner promising prosperity and success,
and these things have been done in conformity
with the suggestions of the enabling act of the last
Congress. The feeling of duty which induced me
to vote for the admission of Kansas, prompts me
to advocate the right of Minnesota to the same
privilege. While we may refuse, we ought to have
ava'iu and sufficient reason for so doing, and not
justify it upon the violent doctrine that "might
makes right." Let us rather welcome the advent
of our new sister State—one, too, that has served
patiently, faithfully, and peaceably as a territorial
dependant; and in admitting her"o/t an equal foot-
ing with the other States^' allow her, as is conceded
to the other States, the right to manage her own
institutions in her own way.
Mr. BLISS. 1 do not propose to occupy the
attention of the House for more than five or ten
mimucs; and I should not occupy it at ah upon
this qn^otion, but for the very strange and, to me,
no\ el constructions that I have heard given to tne
Constitution of the United States, as to the power
of the Government over the qualification of elect-
