$24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
in all the territorial organic acts. If the Kansas
act was an enabling act because of those words,
every territorial act Congress have ever passed
was an enabling act, and they never needed any
other. The practice of the Government shows
that this idea is entirely without foundation. It
is a mere assumption.
Then I say this proceeding was without au-
thority; but the President and the friends of this
measure keep repeating that it was done according
to law. I admit that it was not unlawful; but is
everything that is not unlawful, therefore author-
itative ? Certainly not. I do not deny that del-
egates may assemble in a convention to form a
constitution, and the people may even vote for it,
and ratify it, and organize a government under it,
subjunctively,conditionally, and present that con-
stitution to Congress as a petition for admission
as a State; and if Congress choose to ratify it, it
is all very well. But what is the effect in such
cases ? Uongress admit States in their discretion
—I do not mean caprice—I mean a judicious dis-
cretion. When a constitution comes here formed
by authority, we have simply to see whether the
conditions on which that authority was granted
have been complied with. There is a sort of
plighted faith, " if you do so and so, we will ad-
mit you," as in the case of Minnesota; and if we
iind that they have done so, we ought to admit
them. When, however, the act is done, as 1 may
say in invitum, done by the people themselves
without authority, then before Congress ratify it
they should inquire into all the circumstances.
Arkansas came with a constitution made by a
convention under the authority of the Territorial
Legislature. The case was fully examined, and
it was decided during General Jackson's admin-
istration, by his proper legal officer, that that had
no bindingforce; but afterall it was not unlawful;
Congress might ratify it if they chose; it was a
mode of petitioning. Michigan came pretty much
in the same way. After a full examination those
two States were admitted.
Then how does the matter stand ? If a pro-
ceeding of this kind is taken in any form, it may
be that prima facic we should consider that it is
all right. If it is not disputed, we should reccive
it. If it has been fairly conducted, we should take
it. If nobody objects to it, theca.se is prima facie
food. Theie is a great deal in that prima facie.
have ahvays thought it was a pretty good defi-
nition of a young lawyer who, when called upon
to explain what he meant by a prima facie case,
said he meant a case good in front and bad in the
rear. [Laughter.] That isa true definition. This
prima facie case, not made by authority, is a mat-
ter to be examined into, especially when it is ques-
tioned. On this occasion question is made. When
Arkansas presented herconstitution, nobody ques-
tioned it; the people there were satisfied with it.
When Michigan presented her constitution, the
people there were satisfied with it. When this
case, however, is presented here, got up in the
manner I have stated, (without my finding any
other fault with it now, without going over what
I have previously said,) the people do find fault
with it; and we are asked to look into it and see
if it is really what it purports to be. Will you
look into it? will you examine whether it is fair ?
Resolutions were offered to this body to enable
the Committee on Territories to examine it, but
the Senate refused to clothe the committee with
power to obtain the means of examination. I
take it this is a pretty good indication of what is
to be done. I am aware that the Senate do not
mean to inquire. What do you mean to do ? "To
insist that this is authority at any rate; we will
stick to it; and as to the point whether the pro-
ceeding was done fairly or not, we will not know;
we are afraid that if we undertake to inquire, we
shall ascertain that it is not fair, and therefore we
do not mean to inquire." To my mind, this is
making a very extraordinary use of the doctrine
of estoppel.
There is another topic running collaterally with
this to which I wish to allude. During the last
"four years there has run along with this proceed-
ing another pretty important point connected with
that is what I call the political dogma that
.-sl&tfe property, if you call it property, is precisely
fcfre.1sam6 in legal character as any other property;
such that its owners have a right to carry
|'.fe%to-*ti|e:Territories,by virtue of the Constitu-
~ tfa^ed States. That idea began, I be-
lieve, with Mr. John C. Calhoun; and for some
time after he started it, it was almost universally
scouted. There were very few men found any-
where in this country who received it. It has
been presented,however, on plausible grounds. It
has been asked, " cannot the people of every State
go to the Territories with their property all alike?
Cannot a man go there from Virginia with the
same property as a man from Massachusetts; and
a man from Vermontgo there with'the same prop-
erty as a man from Georgia? Certainly,allcango
alike; but the property of one may perhaps be of
such a kind that it cannot be carried there at all;
but that is not the fault of the law. If there is
any difficulty of that sort, it results from the na-
ture of the property. It may be, if you please,
tropical fruit, that would perish before you could
get it there. That is the misfortune of the owner
if he undertakes to carry it there; it is not owing
to the law.
I come back to the question whether slave prop-
erty is such as can be carried out of its State—
whether it is the same as other property? Here I
cannot avoid, because it is thrust continually in
the way, speaking in some measure of what is
called the Dred Scott decision. As I have said,
the dogma of the right t.o carry slave property, like
other property, beyond the limits of the States,
at first was not received atall. Did anybody sup-
pose that it was the correct doctrine when Con-
gress passed laws fixing certain lines, and saying
slavery should not go north of them? Did they
dream of anything of that kind then? No. Even
in modern times, since we obtained the territories
acquired from Mexico, was it adopted as a cor-
rect doctrine ? I believe in the compromise of 1850,
when Congress made the jaw that New Mexico
should be admitted, with or without slavery, when
they came to form a State constitution, the hon-
orable Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] op-
posed that, because it did not go far enough. He
insisted that Congress should go on and repeal
the existing law of Mexico, in order to let them
fairly in. I am right, I believe, in that.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLL AM ER. I am certain as to that.
An honorable member of the other House from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] took the same ground;
and when what was called the Clayton compro-
mise was offered in the House of Representa-
tives, it was laid on the table, on his motion, on
that very ground. This doctrmc was not con-
sidered good then. It has grown up and reached
its present elevation since that time. I do not
propose at this time to go into a critical examin-
ation of the Dred Scott decision; I do not propose
a review of it. I shall simply speak now as to
this particular point. What is that decision? Is
there anything authoritative in it ? The Supreme
Court had a case before them. The court decided,
on a full hearing, that they had no sort of juris-
diction of the case, and ordered ltto be dismissed,
or sent to the court below to be dismissed. How
came they, then, to have authority to make a de-
cision? They had no authority, no jurisdiction,
of the case. They said they had not. Clearly,
whatever else they said was extra-judicial. I do
not say that the Supreme Court should never pass
on any political question; but I do say that it
would be very much to be regretted that they
should be obliged to do so. If we desire that that
court shall sustain its position and command the
confidence of the country, it certainly ought to be
kept clear and steered clear of being obliged to
break down that confidence by running across a
political question which agitates the whole coun-
try. They should avoid it if they can; but it
may be that a ease before the court involves a
question in deciding which they must pass upon
it. When they must, they must. I cannot but
say, after all, I should apply to such a case the
words of the Prince of Denmark to the ghost:
" Thou com'=t m «sueh a questionable shape,
That I will speak to thee."
If it comes in such a shape, involved in the
question that they must speak to it, very well;
but nothing else can excuse it. I think it is very
much to be regretted that the judges of that court,
or any of them, should have thought proper to
employ their extra-judicial lucubrations in put-
ting forth ex cathedra indorsements of a political
dogma. The indorsers of accommodation paper
very seldom find that it is a profitable business.
They either fail to give currency to the paper, or
else they have to meet it themselves.
In examining the question whether the Consti-
tution of the United States recognizes and pro-
tects slave property, as it is claimed, the same as
other property, I cannot but say that I think, in
the first place, it has been disposed of by very,
cheap logic. Most of it is a mere assumption—
an assumption, in my judgment, exceedingly ar-
rogant in some of its forms; but I wish to give it
what I believe to be a candid and honest exam-
ination; and I will not be tedious about it. I d<^
not say that slaves are never property. 1 do not
say that they are, or are not. Within the limits
of a State which declares them to be property,
they are property, because they are within the
jurisdiction of that government which makes the
declaration; but I should wish to speak of it in
the light of a member of the United States Senate.,
and in the language of the United States Consti-
tution. If this be property in the States, what is'
the nature and extent of it? I insist that the Su-
preme Court have often decided, and everybody
has understood, that slavery is a local institution,
existing by force of State law; and of course that
law can give it no possible character beyond the
limits of that State. I shall no doubt find the idea
better expressed in the opinion of Judge Nelson,
in this same Dred Scott decision. I prefer to read
his language. He declares:
"Every State or nation possesses an exclusive sovereignty
and junsdiction within lier own teintorv; and her laws
affect and bind all property and person* residing within it.
It may regulate the manner and circumstanced under which
piopeity is held, and the condition, capacity, and State, of
all peisons therein ; arid, also, theremedy and the modes of
administering justice. And it is equally true, that no State
or nation can affect or hind propeityout of its teriitory, or
por^onsi not residing within it. No State, therefore, can
enact laws to opeiate beyond its own dominions : and, if it
attempts to do so, may be lawfully refused obedience. Sucfr
laws can have no authority cxtra-territorially. This is the
necessary result of the independence of distinct and sepa-
rate sovereignties."
Here is the law; and under it exists the law of
slavery in the different States. By virtue of this
very principle, it cannot extend one inch beyond
its own territorial limits. AState cannot regulate
the relation of master and slave, of owner and
property, the manner and title of descent, or any-
thing else, one inch beyond its territory. Then-
you cannot, by virtue of the law of slavery, if it
makes slaves property in a State, if you please,
move that property out of the State. It ends
whenever you pass from that State. You may
pass into another State that has a like law; and
if you do, you hold it by virtue of that law, but-
the moment you pass beyond the limits of the
slaveholding States, all title to the property called
property in slaves, there ends. Under such a law
slaves cannot be carried as property into the Ter-
ritories, or anywhere else beyond the States au-
thorizing it. It is not property anywhere else.
If the Constitution of the United States gives any
other and further character than this to slave prop-
erty, let us acknowledge it fairly and end all strife
about it. If it does not, I ask, in all candor, that
men on the other side shall say so, and let this
point be settled. What is the point we are to in-
quire into? It is this; does the Constitution of
the United States make slaves property beyond
the jurisdiction of the States authorizing slavery ?"
If it only acknowledges them as property within
that jurisdiction, it has not extended the property
one inch beyond the State line; but if, as the Su-
preme Court seems to say, it does recognize and
protect them as property further than State limits^-
and more than the State laws do, then, indeed, it
becomes like other property. The Supreme Court
rest this claim upon this clause of the Constitu-
tion:
" No person held to service or labor in one State under
the law* thereof, shall, in consequence of any law or regu-
lation therein, be discharged from such service or lsibor ; but
shall be delivered up 011 claim of the party to whom such
service or labor may be due."
Wow the question is, does that guaranty it?
Does that make it the same as other property ?
The very fact that this clause makes provision on
the subject of persons bound to service, shows
that the framers of the Constitution did not regard
it as other property. It was a thing that needed
some provision; other property did not. The
insertion of such a provision shows that it was
not regarded as other property. If a man's horse
stray from Delaware -into Pennsylvania, he can
go and get it. Is there any provision in the Con-
