1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2011
in thecreation of this Government, it was formed
by the people of the United States, for the people
of the United States, and for no other people in the
world.
Mr. BLISS. I cannot give way for a repetition
of the gentleman's argument. I undertook to get j
the gentleman's reasons; and, if J understood him,
he must have assumed the ground which I state, j
that none but citizens of the United States can par- \
ticipate in the Government of the United States;
and that Congress is to determine who are citi- .
zens of the United States, and therefore may de- ;
r.ide who shall participate in the Government of ■
Use United States. |
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I said that the Con- :
gress of the United States alone had the right to •
tsay who, of foreign birth, shall be citizens of the
United States, but not who of the native born. 1
Th^y have nothing to do with that. \
Mr. BLISS. Of course not; I did not mean to !
insinuate that. j
Now, Mr. Speaker, in regard to this question ;
of citizenship, and what constitutes citizenship, I :
find just about as much confusion in the minds of j
gentlemen here as there seems to be in the coun- j
try at large. There is, as the gentleman has cor- ;
rectly said, no such thing as citizenship of the i
United States, in itself considered. The citizens
of the several States are citizens of the United j
States; and theStates themselves must determine '
who shall be citizens theieof, with the single ex- j
ception in regard to foreigners; and as to that ex- |
ception,! have stated that the United States have
the power to direct the mode and manner by
which foreigners shall become citizens of the sev- (
t-ral States. I believe that in that I agree with the j
CenUemanfrom Virginia; but the inference which !
i understood him to make is, that the Federal
Government has not only the power to say what ,
foreigners shall be citizens, but also the power to ;
hey what foreigners shall beelectois; and he says '
that on the assumption that citizens are electors, .
or that electors must necessarily be citizens, or !
else there is no logic in the argument. '
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
"will allow me  ;
Mr. BLISS. The gentleman from Virginia has ■
made an argument of an hour long; and I could ,
only infer his ideas from the argument.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have stated re- !
peatedly that it is for Congress alone to say who, ;
of foreign birth, shall be citizens; but it does- not j
follow that those of foreign bnih who are citizens
shall exercise all the high rights of citizens; be- :
cause the Constitution says that they shall not ■
be members of this House unless they have been
citizens of the United States seven years; that >
they shall not be members of the Senate unless i
they have been citizens of the United States for |
nine years; and that they shall not be eligible for j
the office of President or Vice President at all. j
Mr. BLISS. That is a repetition of what the '
gentleman soid before. I understand that the i
arguments of both the gentlemen hrve been that
because Congress may determine the rules by
which aliens may become citizens of the States, J
therefore no aliens can be clectoii who have not ')
been made citizens aeeoiding to those rales. ;
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is the righ'
doctrine, of couise. ;
Mr. BLISS. In order to make that inference, 'i
the gentleman must treat the term tc elector'5 and
the term " citizen" as nearly, at least, svnony- )
mous. Now, I hold thata man may be a citizen [j
of the United States and not an elector, and that 'j
he does not deny. I hold that, although a certain jj
class of citizens"are electors, yet, as Terms, they i|
are entirely independent of each other. Native jj
women and children are citizens; and an alien jj
woman may be as well naturalized and become a j!
citizen of the United States as a mam. The terms j|
have no necessary relation to each other; and be- jj
cause one is a citizen, he is not, therefore, an elect- ;!
or; or, because he is an elector, he is not, there- ,!
fore, a citizen. Therein, I think, is the point of j
departure and difference between us. i
Now, while the Federal Government has the j
jurisdiction to decide the manner m which aliens j
may become citizens of the several States, have !
they hence the power to decide what ahens, or |
whether any at all, may or may not become elect- ;
ors in the States ? It could not have that power, j
directly or indirectly, unless there is that mti- !
mate and close connection between the two terms <
which certainly does not exist. Not only that—
not only is there no express grant—not only is
there no power given to Congress to decidc who,
either of aliens or citizens, shall be electors; but
the power is, by necessary inference, reserved to
the States. It is reserved by the general reserv-
ation of all powers not granted, and also by the
language of the second section of article one, from
which I read: t
'• The ejectors in each State shall have the qualifications
nvjuiMN} for electors of the moat numerous brancn of the
fcJtate Legislature. ^
Nov/, what is the natural, the plain, and neces-
; saiy inference from that language? It is admit-
. ted—for the provision is express—that all who
may vote for the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature shall be qualified to vote for mem-
bers of the Elouse of Representatives. Butwhat
power is to decide who may thus vote? Here is
a matter within the State entirely; here is a ques-
tion on which there w re regulations at the time
of the adoption of the Federal Constitution within
each of the original States of the Union. Each
State had decided who should be electors; and, in
changing their constitutions from time to time,
each State continued to decide il the qualifications
requisite for electors of the most numeious branch
of the State Legislature." Some required them
to be citizenw of the United States, and some did
not; and, instead of there being a uniform rule as
to the qualifications of such electors, either as ap-
plied to citizens or aliens, the rule varied to suit
the policy of each State; and all that the Consti-
tution of the Lnited States has to do with, i3 to
refer it to the States in the manner I have shown.
It seems to me that if there is any force in lan-
guage, this matter is perfectly clcar and unmis-
takable. I can see it m no other light.
The gentleman fiorn ?JaryLnd referred to an
eiaboiate argument of Mr. Calhoun upon this
subject. I have examined it, and fmd that it con-
tains the same fundamental error thi" pervades
all the views upon that side of the question. It
is very easy to prove that a State cannot make of
an alum a citizen, and for the simple reason that
jurisdiction upon this subject is yielded to Con-
gress. The arguments upon that subject are more
wasted strength. A citizen of a State is neces-
sarily a utizen of the Umled Spates. He is made
so by the express language of the Constitution.
As to all hut aliens, the Spates determine citizen-
ship; Wi bile aliens can become citizens only in the
mode psescribed by Congress. Upon this, there
is no dispute But when it is assumed thatonly
citizens can be nude electors, I demand the proof.
Jurisdiction over the qualification of electors is not
grunted to Congress, either o=! to aliens or others;
and I demand the evidence to show that ibo >S;  t*s
are at all restrained in this regard. B.^ause Con-
gress may prescribe rules of naturalization, may
it thercfoie pass upon the qualification of (lector ?
But the inference that none bat o'usze.v-s can  >?
made electors is sought to be uc.vai ;.-mi M-- :
conveniences, the nupiopiieiy < f graou <•; i.ic
elective franchise to aliens. I admit the impio-
pri'My. The arguments of gentlemen are clear and
forcible, and would probably have been convinc-
ing had they been made in the proper forum. But
ore we to assume jurisdiction to decidc matters
reserved to the States, because they so often de-
cide wiong? The attempted demonstration is
not a icdnclio ad absurdum, as the gentleman
from Maryland claimed, but a tedvetio ad i'i-
cottiniodwn, which proves nothing. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phillips] calls this
federal doctrine. It is not federal—it w ultra-con- ,
solidation. And if we are to infer powers on such t
grounds as these, I know not what power we may j
not infer. We are running a ri^e of consolnla- .
tion; and I will oppose any step in that down-
ward direction. . ]
I base my dissent, then, from the position of ,
the gentleman from Virginia, first, upon the ground j
that there is no grant in the Constitution to the j
Fedeial Government, to decide who shall be the j
electors; but, on the other hand, there is a pro- j
vision in the Constitution that those persons shall ■
be the electors who are electors within the several ,
States, clearly implying, independent ot the want;
of a grant, that the "States themselves shall make ;
provision upon the subject. j
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The fault of the gen- j
tleman consists in this: that the Constitution as- ;
surned that there would be none but citizens in
the States who would exercise therisrht of suffrage.
They could not suppose it possible that any but-
citizens would compose the Legislature that were
to elect the Senators to represent the sovereignty
of the States. It was impossible to suppose that
an electoral bodycould.be formed who would not
send men who were citizens of the United States
to thtf Legislatures that had the greatduty toper-
form of electing Senators to represent their sov-
ei nty in the Federal Senate. The gentleman
talks of certain things being assumed, and that is
one of them.
Mr. BLISS. The gentleman is rather long in
his intciruptions; and, if I understand the pur-
port of what he last said, it is a strained assump-
tion so far "as language, and the legal effect of
language, is concerned, and not a very good his-
torical one.
In opposition to the assumption of the gentle-
man, we have the fact which has been alluded to
here to-day by the gentleman's colleague, that in
the State of Virginia itself persons have been
electors, down to quite a recent period, who were
not citizens of the United States. In theStates
of Iowa, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Illinois, also,
the construction which I give to the Constitution
has been given to it,and by their original consti-
tutions electois were not necessarily citizens of
the State, and hence of the United States. We
have also the fact that, in the State of Ohio, the
former constitution was ambiguous on that sub-
ject, and under its provisions, as interpreted in
some parts of the State, aliens were allowed to
vote, while they were forbidden to vote in other
parts. The ambiguity was afterwards remedied
by an act of the Legislature.
Mr. IIARLAN. And also by a modification
of thy constitution.
Mr. BLISS. There was another point made by
my colleague, [Mr. Sherman,] who opposes tho
admission of Minnesota under this constitution,
on which I will say a single woid. It relates en-
tirely to tne irregularities in the choice of that
constitution. Weil, now, if we were to pass upon
the propriety or even upon the decency of the ac
tion of the people of Minnesota in forming this
constitution, I would shut her out until she should
come with deccncyand order and ask for admis-
sion; but, as I understand our duty in that respect,
it is not material whether the constitution was
framed by a regular, legal body or not. That has
never been deemed material. That is a question
that never has been naked. It was not asked in
the case of California nor in that of Kansas.
I believe that tiie perfect regularity in writing
out and formation of constitutions has never been
r^qu'red in any State in the Union; hut the ques-
tion has been, when a constitution proper in itself
has been brought to Congress, whether it is tin1
vo:ce of the people of the Ten nory ? wheiher they
have ratiri«*d u? And, notwithstanding the con-
duct of the convention purporting to represent
the proplo in this case, yet the subsequent voto
of the people, almost unanimously accepting the
eon«.tisution,an(i requesting to be admitted under
thet constitution, cures ail these irregularities;
rtiid she comes with her own clean hands, and
knocks at our door. The question now is, shall
Y\*e admit her? shall we admit her with a consti-
tution fair upon its face, which does not \iolato
the Constitution of the United States ? which pro-
pels iiV fundamental lights of man ? or shall we
t:«n her out because of lrirgulanties in flaming
jc—indeed, but cured by the people—and
beeause of imperfections not fundamental in their
csuu.u tor r
Tie-re were other grounds upon which h-° also
based his opposition, which I will not n"W dis-
cus s. As a ciuzen of Ohio I feel some responsi-
bility tor the inegulauties in Minnesota, and for
the bad name which they have given her. I seethe
finger of Ohio politicians m thera all, and I fe-l
assured that when we give her the authority and
independence of a State, when President?} <-an no
longer send trickstcts to lule over her, she will
assume tho dignity and decorum of & republican
State.
I am not wiliinsr to permit gentlemen on the
other side of the House to get the credit of ex-
clusive friendship for the State of Minnesota. It is
my own State. I have a greater interest in its
future glory than any gentleman on the other side
of the House can have—that is, upon the suppo-
sition that there can be any diversity of interest
