THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
in the matter, which I do not admit; and I do not
want ray friends to show such, a regard for tech-
nicalities as to insist upon them to her rejection
when this State comes tousaskingforadmission
On the very urms which we held out to her when
we passed the enabling act.
I hrive said all I desired to say upon this sub-
ject. I will only add, in conclusion, that, while
I differ with some of my friends and colleagues
in my conclusions, in reference to this matter, I
differ from them with great reluctance. I listened
with great attention to the argument of myc'ol-
league [Mr. Sherman] the other day. I know
him to be ahigh-minded man. I know that'there
can be' no motives which actuate his conduct in
this matter but motives of devotion to his duty to
the country. And although this sense of duty has
led him to separate from me on this question of
admitting Minnesota into the Union, yet I shall
accord to him the same high respect which I claim
for my own motives.
And then, on motion of Mr. CURTIS, (at
twelve minutes to six o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 7, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. T. N. Haskell.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr.MASON presented the credentials of Hon.
Thomas L. Clingman, appointed by the Govern-
or of the State of .North Carolina a Senator from
that State, to fill, until the next meeting of the
Legislature, the vacancy occasioned by the resig-
nation of Hon. Asa Biggs. The credentials were
read; and the oath presented by law having been
administered to Mr. Clingiviax, he took his seat
in the Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 7, 1858.
The House met ateleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADMISSION OF MINVESOTA.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. As the House
will probably not be ill session to-morrow, I sug-
gest that by unanimous consent the business set
apart for twelve o'clock to-morrow, the Minne-
sota bill, shall stand over, and be set apart for
twelve o'clock Tuesday.
[Cries of" Agreed'."]
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgia. Monday is sus-
pension day, and I do not want to interfere with
that.
No objection was made to the arrangement.
will
RESIGNATION OF A MEMBER.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, if the House
ill indulge me a single tnoment,! desire to say,
that having had the honor of receiving a commis-
sion from the Governor of North Ciuolina to fill
a position at the othei end of the Capitol, I have
this day written to linn announcing my resigna-
tion as a member of the House; and I present
now, in order that it may go upon the Journal, a
note to you announcing the same fact
I hope gentlemen will allow me to say farther,
that during my service in this House, which has
been considerable, extending over a dozen years
or more, 1 have no doubt 1 may many times have
wounded the feelings of gentlemen in our strug-
gles here, and during this present session I may
have given offense to some gentlemen by object-
ing to their motions, and insisting upon the reg-
ular order of business. I beg leave to say that m
every single instance 1 have been actuated by no
feelingof unkmdness towards the particular mem-
ber. I have been governed solely by what I thought
a sense of duty; and if, at any tune, in throwmg
obstacles in the way of gentlemen, I have done
anything unpleasantto them, I hope they will at-
tribute it not to any personal unkindntss on my
part, but solely to tile reason winch I have given.
And if, at any time in our discussions here—for
I have been impulsive and hasty—I have ever
made a remark which was offensive to any gen-
tleman, it was quite unintentional. In leaving the
House, I do it without any unkind feeling to-
wards a single member, and with many regrets.
Mr. Cling man's letter of resignation was then
read, as follows:
House of Representatives, May 7, 1858.
Sir: I beg leave to notify yon and the members of the
House of Representatives, that f hnve tlii - ilny sent to the
Governor of North Carolina my resignation as a member of
tins House, to take effect to- day.
I am, very rcdpocuuily, your obedient servant,
THOMAS L. CLINGMAN.
Hon. James L. Orr,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN. I have certainly no objection
to the adjournment, but I want to see if we can-
not come to some agreement by which we shall
have the same order on some other day that v/e
should have had to-day. This was probably the
last objection day that we should have had this
session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will submit a motion, and that it will
be received by unanimous consent, that next Fri-
day and Saturday shall be devoted to private bills;
and shall be considered as objection days.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let that question
come up at the regular time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman from New York, that on Monday
he may be enabled to suspend the rules and thus !
accomplish the object he has in view. '
Mr. MORGAN. Very well, sir, I am willing !
to trust to that; but I thought we might come to I
i some agreement by unanimous consent. j
| Mr. Branch's motion was then agreed to; and !
j the House (at twenty minutes aftereleven o 'clock, i
I a. m.) adjourned. I
| IN SENATE. !
; Saturday, May 8, 1859. j
| Prayer by Rev. Stephen P. Hill, D. D. i
j The Journal of yesterday was read andappioveu. j
DEATH OF SENATOR EVANS. «► I
Mr. HAMMOND. Mr. President, it is my j
painful duty to announce to the Senate the dentil >
of my venerable friend and colleague,.Tosiah J. !
Evans, who died mostunexpectcdly on the even- j
nig of the 6th instant, of disease of the heart, i
He was in the Senate during the entire session of :
that day. He afterwards dined with me, and sat j
at table by your side. He came before the ap- I
pointed hour, to avoid the storm that threatened, j
and throughout the evening was very cheerful, I
and seemed more than usually disposed to join in !
conversation; and when 1 assisted him with his I
overcoat, and attended him to his carriage, I |
thought that he was entirely recovered from the j
indisposition from_which he had suffered more or J
less during the winter, and that many years of I
I green old age remained for him yet. Scarcely, j
j however, had an hourelapsed before I was stunned |
| by the intelli?enee that he was no more,and hast- j
1 ening to his lesldcnce, I found him dead. Never '
; before, in my txpenence, have I so fully realized '
that " in the midst of life v/e are in dealh." i
| Mr. Evans was born ill South C'.rolma, and ,
was one of the eailiest graduates of her then in- '
! fant college. He was of the class of 1803. He 1
I was educated to the bar, where lie soon ro^e to ;
| eminence. At an early age he was sent >o the
; Legislature, and shortly after was made solicitor j
i of his circuit, which post he held until 1830, when ■
j he was elevated to the bench. He continued there ;
: until he was, m 1852, chosen by the State of South ''
j Carolina to represent her on this floor. He has
; filled every station he has occupied with untiring
' industry, scrupulous fidelity, and distinguished
i ability, and to the entire satisfaction of his Suite. I
'• Without any pretensions to brilliancy of pans, '
i he had a strong and clear intellect, a full mind,
; and a sound, discriminating judgment; and these i
capacities, joined with steadiness of purpose and ,
, the most conscientious integrity, made him, in my
' opinion, one of the wisest and best men I ever
, knew. His manners, sedate and dignified, were .
so tempered by a polished uruanity, an unvarying :
| cheerfulness,and uoeliecteu kindliness, as to etui- '•
| cihate the thorough respect of a!i, and the devoted e
! attachment of those who knew him well. ii
Mr. Evans was born on the 27th of November,
1786,.and was therefore more than leventy-one
years of age, and had been, until recently, blessed
with uniform "and robust health. He had lived
his full three score yeais and ten, and few have
lived them better or enjoyed them more; for with
a fond family and ample fortune, he was, in all
his private as well as public relations, without
blemish or reproach, and in South Carolina had
ever only to indicate the position he desired tooe- ■
cupy, whether in society, in his profession, or in
affairs, to have it accorded to him at once.
I have known Mr. Evans long, and have known
him intimately, and since I have been in this Sen-
ate our relations have been so close and cordial
that his sudden loss makes me disconsolate. In
this feeling I am sure that I have the sympathy
of every Senator. I believe I may say, with per-
fect truih, that no Senator enjoyed, to a greater
extent than my lamented colleague, the respect,
the esteem, the confidence, and, I may add, the
affection of this body, and of all who are con-
nected with it. He was a man who, though full
of manliness, never had an enemy; and through-
out the length and breadth of our little State, into
whose high places the arrows of death have, of
late, flown so frequent, every heart will be sad-
dened by this dispensation of Providence.
Allow me, Mr. President, to offer the following
resolutions:
Resolved luianimoxisly. That the members of the Senate,
from a sincere de-tro of showing every maik of lespcct to
the memory of the lion. Josiiui J. Evans, deceased, late a
Senatoi iiom the State of South Carolina,will go into mourn-
ing for the reudue of the pte^uu bession, by the uaual mode
of weaimg erapc on the lofr arm
Resolved xmanimouily, That the Senate will attend the
funeral of the deceased fiotn the Senate Chamber at two
o'cloc U to-day ; raid that the committee of anangements,
con-i-tuig of Ale-^r- II'jntgk, Biglur, Foster, Toombs,
L'rowv, and Union r, •-upoiuUt'nd the fame.
; O; dered, That th° Secronry communicate these proeeed-
: mg-> to the House of iiepicsentatives.
I Mr. BENJAMIN. The feeling and eloquent
i tribute that lias just been rendered to the memory
! of our departed brother has awakened sensibil-
ities whicil I fear will be jarred by anything I
can hope to say: yet, sir, having been thought
worthy of an invitation to join in these sad rites,
I pray you for a moment's indulgence whilst I
lay an humble offering on the grave around which
we aie gathered.
It is literally but yesterday that the seat before
me was filled by the venerable form of Carolina's
senior Senator: to-day Carolina mourns his loss;
the electric messenger has done Us woik, and the
friends of his home are even now mingling their
grief with ours: loealling, as we are, the affectnig
words with which so lately he lamented, on the
death ofliis late colleague, ihat the inexorable fiat
had stricken down the vigorous tree, and left un-
scathed the withered remnants of the decaying
trunk.
Sad, indeed, have been the recent bereavements
which it has pleased Providence to inflict upon
the native State of him we mourn. The awe-
stricken heart of the nation was still throbbing
heavily in unison with hers for the loss of her
preeminent son, when on my taking my seat in
this body 1 learned to know and to love, both the
colleague and the almost immediate successor of
John O.Calhoun. A few short years have elapsed,
and where is now the beaming eye of Andiew
Pickens Butler ? Whcie his genial presence, his
ringing voice, his manly beating, his whole being,
stamped as it was with the seal of honor, the ira-
piessof true nobility of soul ? Broken-hearted at
' the loss of I1 is gallant kinsman, he has sunk into
the tomb: to which, with shaken frame and si rcam-
I ing eyes he had lollowi d the lamented Jjiooks.
j Hamilton, too, the chivalrous, the warm-liearied,
| the eloquent Hamilton, sleeps beneath the deep
waters of the southern gulf. And now, now,
Evans, the erudite judge, the honored Senator,
| the soul of truth, who loved justice for the sake
of justice, truth for the sake of'truth, he, too, is to
be borne to the last common resting place of man;
I and amongst us, the place that has known him
shall know him no more.
This is not the time nor the place for a calm
and measured analysis of those intellectual and
moral qualifies which won for Josiaii J. Evans
the proud distinction of being selected by ins na-
tive State as worthy to fill the seat once occupied
by her Calhoun, i'et it is not alien to the feelings
natural on such an occasion that affection should
