r 1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
I
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The amendment of the
Senator from Ohio is what we desire to hear.
The Secretary read Mr. Pugh's amendmentas
follows:
P::c. —  4W he it further cnacted, That the admission of
the ^tatr^of Minnesota and Kansas into the Union by tins
get sii'il 1 n"V<;r be s?o construed a* to deny, limit, or impair
tlio imlit of tlx* jK'oploof t!ie said States, with the assent of
their Legislatures .vcvei.illy, and at all tunes, to alter, icfoim,
or abolish their form of government in such mattnei as
thev inav think propyl, so that the same be ^til! republican
and i  accordance with the Constitution of the United
Stares.
The amendments of Mr. Green and Mr. Pugh
were ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
n•■««; and after some time consumed therein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 2, 1858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. George D. Cummins, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was on seconding the demand for the pre-
vious question upon House bill No. 311, fixing
the number and compensation of clerks, messen-
gers, pages, and laborers, of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Before we proceed
to the consideration of the regular order, I ask the
consent of the House to introduce a bill, of which
I have given notice, for reference only. It is a
bill of very great interest to a large portion of the
State of Missouri.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not object to that; but
after it is disposed of, I shall insist on the regular
order of business.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. It is a bill to con-
tinue, temporarily,certain land offices in the State
of Missouri.
Mr. EDIE. If objection is going to be made,
it may as well be made now, and I object.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr.HicKET,one of its assistant clerks, informing
the House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, the bill of the House to enable the
President of the United States to fulfill the stipula-
tions contained in the third and sixth articles of
the treaty between theUnited States and the King
of Denmark, of the 11th of April, 1857, for the
discontinuance of the Sound dues.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, i wish to inquire
of the Chair whether the unfinished business of
yesterday is not the business in order to-day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so announced.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish,if it be m
order, to move to postpone that business till Mon-
day next, with a view to call the committees for
reports; and after the call shall have been con-
cluded, I wish to move to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order,
pending the call for the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stanton] will withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the demand for
the previous question be withdrawn, will my prop-
osition be in order?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think this bill may be
postponed by general consent.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. Well, then, I hope
that by general consent this business will be post-
poned until Monday next, so that we may get at
the reports of committees.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As a matter of
compromise, I propose to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with the amendments, and to make it a special
order.
Mr. MASON. I do not want to object to any-
thing that accords with the wishes and suits the
business of the House. But the Committee of
Accounts conceive that they have made a practi-
cal report, not one for Buncombe, and that the
bill which they have reported should be acted
upon, so that we may know the views of the
House, and be able to guide our future action
thereby.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman had the
floor yesterday, and made a speech on this bill. I
object to his occupying the floor again.
Mr. MASON. Have I not a right to do so
under the rule?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have a
right to close the debate after the previous ques-
tion shall have been seconded and the main ques-
tion ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object to the post-
ponement of the consideration of the question.
Mr. MASON. Then I want the floor now.
Mr. GARNETT. I ask whether there is not
now pending a motion to recommit to the Com-
mittee of Accounts with instructions to report the
facts; and to let us know whether it is proposed
to employ more or less than are now employed;
and what salaries are proposed to be reduced?
The SPEAKER. There is such amotion pend-
ing.
Mr. BOCOCK. I understand that, under the
decision of the Chair, it would be too late to ask
for a division of the question after the previous
question is seconded. 1 believe that this isabill
of various sections; and I desire, if the House sus-
tains the previous question, and if the bill be not
recommitted, that we may be able to have a vote
on each separate section of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
would not avail the gentleman from Virginia to
ask a separate vote.
Mr. BOCOCK. I thought that under the decis-
ion of the Chair a separate vote could be had on
each section, if it was called for before the previ-
ous question was seconded.
The SPEAKER. Notonabill. The question
is, whether it shall be engrossed and read a third
time?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was there an ob-
jection to making this a special order in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. There was. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Davis] asked that the regular
order be enforced.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. If the previous
question be seconded, will not the first question
be on referring to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was first on refer-
ring to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. MASON. I hope, Mr. Speaker, that this
bill will be disposed of now. I do not desire to
make a long speech, or to answer all the objec-
tions that have been raised; but simply to state
some plain facts on which the House can form
its own judgment. The House heard yester-
day the statement of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones,] showing how the last House
of Representatives was managed by the cleiks,
messengers, and other employes of the House,
through a feast of oysters, and wine, and other
good things. They 2;ot up this feast in oidci that
they might get voted to each of them from $200
to $5,700. I want to know whether the House
will consent to be governed in this way, or whether
it will support the Committee of Accounts in the
reform they have proposed?
Now, sir, I have no objection to the prosperity
of Mr. Barclay, your Journal clerk; but there are
sixteen thousand constituents of mine who have
as much right to get §5,TOO out of the Treasury
of the United States as Mr. Barclay has—who
have as much light to the $3G0 extra as these
other clerks. And there are thousands of little
boys at home who have an equal right to be voted
$200 out of the Treasury as the boys on this floor
have. But they cannot get here, and cannot get
"up feasts of oysters and wine for the purpose of
influencing men who should scorn such consider-
ations. I take it, sir, that the statement of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is correct;
and that the resolutions in question were passed
in that way. Iku tin; accounts under them have
been rejected at the Tteasury. And why? Be- '
cause they wore in conflict with a law of Con- j
gross prohibiting the payment of extra compen- j
sation. I was told by one of my colleagues from ,
Kentucky that he asked for the yeas and nays on >
one of these resolutions, and could not get therp
ordered. ' ' ' '
Now, if the Committee of Accounts is to be
defeated in their effort to carry out this measure,
I ask that I may be replaced on that committee by
some other gentleman who will carry out the pres-
ent order of things more willingly than L I do not
profess to be better than other men, or to be gov-
erned by purer or better motives than other men
are. But no matter what my motives are, I have
a regular system and'eourse of conduct; and under
it, if f cannot succeed in enforcing common ht>n-
1 csty, I will not, at all events, tolerate common
j thieving. If this is the definition of common hon-
; esty—to give every person what he wants—and
, it is the view and wish of the majority of this
I House to carry this system out, then I am con*
j tent that the House should carry it out through
' some other organ than me.
j 1 will now answer the gentleman from Vir-..
: ginia, [Mr. Smitii,] who has asked for a synop-
] sis of the number of clerks employed, and their
; salary. Some gentlemen seem to have got the
jj idea into their heads that we have gone this
1 whole business blind. Here, sir, is a statement
from the Clerk's office of the number of persons
employed there. Is there any use in printing it
when I find that three fourths of those who spoke
yesterday had not read even the bill reported
by the Committee of Accounts, which has been
printed for some days? for they charged directly
that we had reduced the price paid to the pages.
I know from that they had not read the bill.
What, then, is the use'of having this statement
i punted for the benefit of the Public Printer or any
! one else? And when gentlemen who have not
! taken the trouble to road the bill charge that we
, went it blind in reporting this bill, I tell them that
I we have examined this subject, not with a view
i of punishing or rewarding anybody, but for the
! purpose of giving such officers and such compen-
■j sation as, upon consultation with the officers of
i the House, we have found sufficient for carrying
II on the business of the House.
l! Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman from ICen-
j[ tucky will allow me, I desire to ask whether the
I list lie has is .of the employes under the present
jj Committee of Accounts since the force has been
reduced, or the force under the old Doorkeeper?
- Mr. MASON. This list is of the persons em-
! ployed by the Clerk of the House. The gentle-,
man from North Carolina [Mr. Ruffin] has ex-
; arained particularly into the employes under the
Doorkeeper and nithe folding-room. We divided
• out the different branches of the subject among
, the different members of the committee, and have
I examined the whole matter minutely. The state-
, ment before me relates exclusively to the cm-
, ployes in the Clerk's office.
i Mr. FLORENCE. I thought the statement of
! the gentleman had reference to the force in the
, folding-room. I understand that the Committee
i of Accounts have greatly reduced the number of
! persons employed there, and have reduced their
i compensation, or at least have changed the sys-
; tem of their compensation, to a great extent; and
I desired to know whether the comparative state-
1 ment from which I supposed the gentleman was
: about to read would not show, which I under-
, stand is the fact, that the reforms suggested here
have already been accomplished by the reduction
' of the force employed, and the reduction of com-
pensation.
Mr. MASON. I understand the objeefcof the
' gentleman from Pennsylvania,and I will refer him
i to the gentleman from North Carolina, who is
' prepared to answer him fully, as I understand.
| I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina, if
! he desires to answer.
} Mr. RUFFIN. I will state the alterations which
| it is proposed to make in the force employed by
! the Doorkeeper—what number of employes have
been in office there, and the number it is proposed
to employ hereafter.
Mr. FLORENCE. That does not answer my
question. I desired to know what was the force
; employed under the Doorkeeper of the last Con-
gress, and the number employed since the Com-
mittee of Accounts have reduced it.
Mr. RUFFIN. Tiiat is exactly what I pro-
pose to do.
Mr. FLORENCE. I understand what this bill
proposes to do. I have read the bill. I am not
obnoxious to the charge of the gentleman from
