1858.
THE Cmm^SMmAA- GLOBE.
stowr
revert to the traits peculiarly characteristic of the
deceased,and fondly seek to stamp upon the mem-
ory all that can preserve a vivid image of him who
has left us forever.
"Whence, then, arose that respectful and affec-
tionate reverence with which his' presence was
ever greeted by us all ? Judge Evans was' no or-
ator. Not his wfere any of those impassioned ap-
peals to the national heart with which the'genius'
of a Clay carried captive in his train all within
reach of the magic of his voice. He has left for
the admiration and instruction of posterity none of
those magnificent orations which won for the great i
Senator from Massachusetts the title of the Amer-
ican Demosthenes; nor did he bung into the coun-
cils of the nation that profound and philosophical1
insight into the science of government, that mar- j
velous capacity for analysis, that acute discrtm- j
ination, that vigorous logic, that sagacidu's,"almost ;
prophetic, statesmanship which so greatly distin- j
guished Carolina's illustrious soti. Yet, in an'- |
other, and though humbler, perhaps not less use- j
ful sphere, he fully merited the hon6r with which 1
he had been crowned by his State.
Born at a period when triumphant fortune was I
crowning the heroes of the Revolution with the j
laurels of victorious baffle; nurtured in the midst 1
of those convulsive thioes that preceded the birth j
of the institutions under which wc live; surround- !
ed by men whose names are illustrated in our his- 1
tory, not more by their value in the field than by j
their virtues as patriots and their merits as states-1
men, he early imbibed those lofty principles of i
"virtue and of honor which he so eminently exhib- j
ited in his public career. These fust imores- S
sions of his childhood were implanted m a genial |
soil: they grow with his growth, and strength-1
ened with his strength: they remained indelibly'
stamped upon his character, and seemed even by j
some subtle mystery of nature, to have molded [
his features with the very image of integrity and j
honor.
From the associations by which his youth was ;
surrounded, arose in him that profound reverence ;
for the sturdy virtues of our ancestors, that deep j
and abiding sense of their services to the country, i
which ever rendered him the ready, zealous, and j
effective champion of their claims on the justice as 1
well as the gratitude of the nation. ;
So well, indeed, were his feelings and prcdi'cc-1
tions understood by us all, that he was at onco, by '
spontaneous consent, designated to the chairman- '
ship of o-ir Committee on Revolutionary Claims, j
and we all know that his onerous duties in that f
office were to him a labor of love down to the very i
moment when the impulses of his generous heart ;
were arrested by the cold hand of death. j
His long judicial career in his native State had |
so matured ms judgment; the progress of advanc- ,
* mg years had so enlarged his experience; his love !
for Ins whole country was so deeply implanted in !
his vet y nature, that it was impossible for him to j
degenerate into the mere partisan; whilst his po- ;
litical convictions were too deeply settled, his de-f
vction to the true principles of the Constitution f
too profound, to permit him to regard with indif- '
ference the dangerous and exciting sectional con-
tests which filled his declining years with anxious
solicitude for the fate of the country he had loved ■
so well and served so faithfully.
Let us thank God that his last moments were !
cheered by the conviction that the imminence of
the danger had passed away, that the lowering .
clouds had parted, that the fair, blue sky again :
gave promise of calm and of sunshine, and that
bright rays of hope gilded the dying couch of the
departed patriot.
a Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it is rarely that ;
I have allowed myself to mingle my voice with |
those whom duty or affection has prompted on ;
occasions like these to pay a passing tribute to i
departed worth; but the circumstances of this oc- '
casion are such that I cannot permit it to pass in ,
silence. When I first met Judge E\aks in the
Senate, he realized to my mind more fully than j
any other man whom it has ever been my fortune j
to m< et on this floor the ideal which I had formed h
in youth of an old Roman Senator. There was jj
a calm and quiet dignity in his demeanor, and an |
exactjnstice mall thathedid,which fullyrealized 'i
the expectations we naturally form of the eharac- ;■
tor of a Senator. i'
It was my fortune, serving upon a committee
with him during the last Congress, to know him
well. Although he came from a section of the
country that has been supposed to represent po-
litical views antagoriisticai to those with which
my humble name has been associated, I may be
permitted to say that I have never known a man
who more deeply regretted the asperities and re-
criminations engendered by political contentions;
and there was no man who by the amenity and
suavity of his manner, the kindness of his heart,
and'the genial nature of his temper, did more to
counteract and discourage them.
Sir, he was eminently a just and a kind man; in
the benevolence of his heart he embraced all, of
every section, and every quarter of the country.
With ail that, sir,there was joined in him a mod-
esty and a distrust of his own judgment, amount-
ing almost to weakness; by which he would some-
times be induced, perhaps, to surrender the calm
and clear convictions of an honest and upright
mind, to what might be expected of him from the
associations with which he was politically con-
nected. But, even in that, I think Judge Evans
never suffered his ideas of right and truth, and
what was due to a patriotic and faithful discharge
of his duty, to lose their control over his judg-
ment.
Sir, although this is an occasion for sober and
serious reflection, to my mind it is not one for
deep grief or sorrow. An old man, who had al-
ready passed his three score and ten, and had
entered upon that four-score of which theinspircd
Psalmist tells us "its strength is but labor and sor-
row," has passed away; like a shock of corn, fully
ripe,fuilof years andofhonors, in a green old age.
By a kind dispensation of Providence, at once he
has been summoned from the field of his labors,
to that of his reward.
Mr. WILSON". My heart prompts me, Mr. :
President, to ad*d a few poor words to those which !
have been so fitly spoken, as a tribute of respect ;
and of affection to the character and the memory !
of an honored associate and a cherished friend. 1
Death has come into this Chamber with startling .
and appalling suddenness, teaching us all the 1
mournful and impressive lessons which it has ;
been repeating for six thousand years. We ate i
summoned again to pause, to turn aside from the ;
pressing duties of public life, and pay the last sad
tribute of respect and affection to a fallen com- '
rade. Often have Senators been summoned to
perform these sad offices; but I am sure, Mr. 1
President, that on no occasion have we ever been ;
, called upon to pay the last tribute of respect to '
one more truly and sincerely respected and be-
. loved.
During the present session, 1 have served upon
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims of wh«ch
our departed associate was chairman. I have spent
with him in that committee room many hours de-
voted to business, and to the exchange of ideas
and opinions upon a v^rie'y of topics of a public
and private nature. While we both entertained
opinions with the tenacity of sincere conviction, ,
1 ever found bun kind, charitable, liberal, and tol-
erant to others The exacting duties devolving
: upon him m that committee were great, although ;
! not of that class which take prominence in the ,
i Senate Chamber. He brought to their discharge
\ the most conscientious fidelity. He had studied
! all the laws and decisions hearing upon the cases
| that came before that comm tree, and was per- ■
: fectly familiar with them. While he watched over '
! the Tieasury with scrupulous care, he was over
: ready to do justice to claimants, whether they
I came from his own South Carolina or rrom otner
; and distant States. The claims of the men of my
own commonwealth were as sure to receive his
careful attentions as were the claims of the sons
of his own section of the Union. He was ever, m
the committee room, the embodiment of consci- ,
entiousness, fidelity, justice, and kindness.
Sir, in that committee room I learned to appre-
ciate his character oven more fully than 1 had here
in the open Senate Chamber: I learned to respect, ■
to admire, and to love him. During ail the excit- j
ing scenes which have transpired here since I came
into this body—scenes which will long linger in ,
our memories—we maintained our personal rela-
tions of friendship uubioken: and the many a"fs
of kindness I have received from him I r-hall not
cease to remember until the heart upon wjhich they
are engraven shall forever cease to beat.
He will soon rest, Mr. President, beneath the
soil of his own najive State, which he loved so
well and served so faithfully. That State has
given t'o the Councils of the Republic Biahy not
undistinguished sons; but the sods which will He
on his bosom will press on the heart of as pure,
as conscientious, as honest a public servant as she
ever gave to the service of the nation. Let the
people of his native South Carolina,,let the per-
sonal friends who have known him longahd loved
him >vell, let the sorrowing mourners around his
now clouded hearthstone, be cheered in this hour
of affliction by the assurance that we, the repre-
sentatives of siste/ Commonwealths—we, his as-
sociates and friends in this Chamber, will ever
revere his name and cherish Ms memory with af-
fectionate regard.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER the Senate took
a recess until two o'clock, p. m., the hour fixed
for the funeral services.
The Senate reassembled at two o'clock, p. m.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announcing
that the House had resolved to attend in a body
the funeral of the Hon. Josiah J. Evans.
The corpse, attended by the pall-bearers and the
committee of arrangements, was removed from
the room of the Vice President, in which it had
lain since an early hour this morning, to the area
in the center of the Senate Chamber, where seats
were provided for the remaining Senator and the
Representatives of the State of South Carolina.
The diplomatic corps, the judges and officers of
the Supreme Court of the United States, the Pres-
ident of the United States, the heads of the various
Departments, and the members of the House of
Representatives, preceded by their Speaker and
officers, entered the Senate Chamber at intervals
and were conducted to the seats assigned to them.
The Rev. G. D. Cummins, D. D., commenced
the funeral-servjces by reading from the litual of
the Episcopal church portions appropriate to the
occasion—" I am the resurrection and the life,
saiththe Lord." The Rev. George W. Samson
read the epistle, 1st Corinthians, sixteenth chap-
ter: "Now is Christ risen from the dead;" and
the Rev. George D. Cummins delivered a discourse
from the text, 2d Timothy, first chapter, tenth
verse: " Christ hath abolished death, and brought
life and immortality to light through the Gospel."
The Rev, Georgo W. Samson closed the ceremo-
nies by an impressive prayer, and the funeral pro-
cession left the Senate Chamber, to convey the
body to the place of interment, in the following
order:
The Chaplains of Consrte^: for the occasion.
The i'iivf'cian* who attended the deceased.
committee of arrangements.
Mr. Hunter,
Mr. Ii« ler,
Mr. Foster,
Mr. Toombs,
Mr. Brown,
Mr. Bright.
pa! l-bearer&.
Mr Fitznjurick, M<\ Crittenden,
Mr. Ma on. Mr. Alien.
Mr. Co!iatner, Mr. Fessendrn.
Tne f.tm'iv and (herds of the decea-ed.
The Senator and Representatives fiom the State of South
Carolina, as mourners.
The Sfrgf>ant-at-Aims of the Senate of the United States.
The Senate of the United State*, pieceded by the Vice i'res-
id<'iit of the United Si.ue* and their Secretary.
The Sers*eant-nt-Aims of the Hon*** of Representative*.
The Ilou&c of Representative*, meeeded by their Speaker
and Cleik.
The Provident of the United State8*.
The Heads of Departments.
The Chief Justice and Associate Justices of the Supreme
Corn! of the United Slates and its officers.
Tne Diplomatic ('o>p«.
Judges of the United States.
OfiWn\- of the Executive Depaitments.
OJi'-ers of the Army and Navy.
Tne Majoi of \Va*hin2lon.
Citizens and stiangeib.
Having returned to the Senate Chamber, on
motion of Mr. I1AM-MOXD, if. was
ResolveThat the Viee Pie<id"nt he requested to com-
mumeat" to the Evivuuve of the Stare of South Carolina
wfoimatioii ot the death oi the Hon. Josiah J. £vaks,late
a Senator from said State.
On motion of Mr. IVERSOJNf, the Senate ad-
journed.
