1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amounts to little. Youaregoinginto the market
to borrow money. You borrowed $20,000,000 at
the opening: of the session, and now you are to
borrow $20,000,000 at the close. There is an ex-
ecutive message on the table, telling you that these
loans can by no possibility keep you going until
beyond the 1st of January next; and yet you
refuse to increase the rates of postage, when your
Post Office establishment is thrown on the Treas-
ury at an annual expense of $3,500,000 above its
revenue. I think it is rather a large point. I do
not think $3,500,000 are thus to be lightly thrown
aside.
x\ow let me ask you, Mr. President, how is a
large portion of the deficiency in the Post Office
revenue created ? It is on account of the frankino- !
privilege, to which gentlemen adhere with the !
tenacity of a dying man, and which it seems they !
will, under no circumstances,agree to surrender, i
They would sacrifice an important bill, corpoel 1
the President to reconvene Congress, do anything, i
rather than give up this sacred privilege, as I sup- I
pose they regard it—a privilege which, to most
members of Congress, is a burden. But, sir, I '
ask again, whether the franking privilege does >
not create a large portion of the deficiency in the
Post Office revenues ? I assert that it does, and I ;
will tell you why. Within the last eighteen 1
months, more than eighteen hundred tons of free :
matter have passed through the Washington city j
post office from members of Congress alone— |
enough to load a large-sized ship, enough to load i
two ordinary steamboats. This free matter has ]
gene out; and where ha« it gone to? So long as |
it is upon your railroads and upon your four- i
horse stage coach lines, it gets along, Igrantyou, !
without much additional cost; but it gets to a point j
where it must necessarily be packed on horse- ;
back, and it accumulates there to the extent of !
five or six hundred pounds. It does not take a j
great many of your eight large volumes of Pacific I
railroad surveys, Congressional Globes, and other !
heavy books, to amount to a large weight. What i
happens then? The horse mail cannot cairy tfrem; '
there is a complaint to the Postmaster General [
that mail matter is piled up there and the service !
is insufficient. He sends out a printed circular j
to have the mail weighed. They always weigh it !
about the time these big documents get there. The ;
report is made that three or four or five hundred
pounds have accumulated, which the mail-carrier
cannot lugaway. Itstays there fora month or two; |
the postmaster weighs it again and sends back an- ;
other report; and, finally, the Postmaster General, J
or one of his subordinates, is satisfied that an in- ■
cresse of service is necessary; and on that little I
horse route, where a pony could take the whole of i
the paying matter, you put on four-horse coaches !
to carrv your documents,at an increased costof 1
thousands of dollars where the service was before j
performed amply for hundreds. It is done in my !
State, done in every State of the Union; and you [
have to-day not less than five thousand miles of ■
coach service which was established for nothing on ;
God's earth but to pack your franked documents. \
They run backwards with a little amount of paid j
matter that any man could carry in his hat. That !
happens in every State m the Union; you surrf up j
at the end of the year five or six million dollars for |
carrying the mails. Take your free matter out ;
of that; reduce your coach service, by giving one j
month's extra pay provided bylaw to an mfe- j
nor grade of service; increase your postage to five j
cents instead of three; and the Post Office Depart- j'
niriu; in two years, will support itself and proba- :
bly have a surplus; and yet, in the face of these ,
things, gentlemen say, " this is a small matter, 1
not worth controversy about; it is vastly less than
compelling Congress to sit here a day or two long-
er." 1 think it is worth a contest which should '
compel Congress to sit here until the first Monday
of December next. It costs your Treasury noth-
ing to make them stay. Therefore it was that,
on Satuiday night, when my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Digleu] proposed to introduce a res-
olution fixing another hour of adjournment, 1 ob-
jected to it. Introduce a resolution to abrogate
any time of adjournment, and i shall have no ob-
jection. The 1 louse this morning took a differ-
ent course, and we have agreed to adjourn at six
o'clock. 1 hop'1 we shall do so, and I hope we
shall do it without this bill having seen daylight.
Let it die, and let the President exercise his con-
stitutional preiogative of iceonvemng Congress; ■
8037
j^and when gentlemen are brought back here, they
I Pwill sit down in sober earnestness to the discharge
I of those great legislative duties imposed upon
i them by the Constitution, and which, in their
I, compact with the people who sent them here,
j ; they have agreed faithfully, and as efficiently as
;1 they could, to perform.
II Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire, Mr. President,
i: to enter my dissent to the doctrines of the Sena-
i tor from Mississippi. They p^jceed entirely upon
, the ground that, in this matter of difference be-
, tweenthe House of Representatives and the Sen-
ate, we must necessarily be right and they must
, necessarily be wrong. We say, « increase the
session, avowing that the object is? to compel them
to submit to your views, do you think they will
be likely to do so ? I would not, if I was in their
case, if I staid here from July to January, and
from January to July again. If I were in the
other House, I would say, « I will teach the Sen-
ate that I will not do what they want to compel
me to do;" and that is very likely to be what they
will say. If there was a probability that they
would rccede, I grant it might be well to make
the trial. I here is, however, no probability of
that. The vote in the House was not a very large
one; but I am informed that it was a decisiveone,
and the committee of conference expressed the
' pn^V Ttey 1 °pimon °"f Se'fiouse on that point."""I? tfartcom-
saj , keep the postage as t is, and the franking h mitteeon the part of the House thoueht the House
puvilegeas it is. jNow, wny is it concluded that ;i would recede, probably a different report would
: ^ T>he haVe been * but theSmmUte/of cTfer-
, Senator says, stay here from this time to De- !; ence has come to the conclusion, upon proper
0°oTe Ac"v's ,th^ leam thfndut>';" SuP" «• «>e first place, thai w'e slinZZs
P" I 7 nf'e,untll,P^ember next, ;! by the struggle; and in the next place, that we are
1 M- RPOWY VS n7! stru£&l,ng upon a principle which we cannot very
Mr'ppswvh^wi516. u '! WeU ma,main- That being the case, there is but
tW >' W^nf ,1 ' ;at -y0u g-aI,n '' one SBnf!lblfi course to take, in my judgment; and
ir'pll wl „ „ , country gam by it? If, that is, to adopt this report. What is the use of
'1, '! ?° d«S tne " havm= co,ltinual committees of conference, one
^ . i~ i 7 ° heie . liie House of Rep- after another, each House standing out, and then
: eas m,U,ch, r,gh[t0 h?ld out as we I havlnS another sessi°n and fighting the battle
have, anu they aie as likely to be right as we are. ii over again ?
, I have as good an opinion of myself, and of my 1, Sir, what we cannot accomplish, and see we
judgment, as most men; but I really do not go so i cap not accomplish, it is good sense to yield, and
tar as to say that I cannot be mistaken, and that ,j place the responsibility upon that body which is
everybody who differs from me must he wrong, willing to take it. If they are wrong, the country
If we had any power to coerce the House of Rep- will judge them, and not us; hold them respons-
resenfatives^to come to our conclusion by staying !| ible, and not us. We have done all we can. No
■ here until December, there might be something in
it; or, if the President had any power to coerce
Congress to come to a particular conclusion by
calling them together again, there might be some-
thing in it; but we cannot ignore the fact that the
man is bound to do more than he can, even to
effect a good object. He must struggle until he
sees that effort is useless, and then, as a sensible
man, he will yield the point, and take some other
and better opportunity to accomplish that which
vj w o -•.  vwvn,, nj in i >i 1011 tuat w 111 <--li
iiouse of Representatives utterly refused to agree _■ he desires, and which he thinks the good of the
to our opinions. Very well; the responsibility is , country requires.
upon them, and not upon us. If I could see, in i; Mr/POSPER. I agree with the honorable Sen-
the first place, to a dead certainty, that we were ji ator from Virginia, with regard to the principles
infallible in our judgments, and in the next place, || on which the "Senate should act, considering the
that the House would agree to our infallibility, I ! relations in which the two Houses stand together
should be willing to stay; but when the House ,j at this time. I think we are in great danger of
, have expressed their opinion as decidedly as we !j placing ourselves in a false position if we° take
have expressed ours—and at any rate we can claim , 1   ~
■ no more infallibility than they can—what is the
i use of staying here to finht about it ?
Will the Senator permit
Mr. BENJAMIN.
me one word?
Mr. FE8SENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I notice in the Intelligencer
of this morning that the vote in relation to the
franking privilege was—73 to 83. There was
the opposite ground. I think, in regard to the two
questions about which the two Houses differ, if
we are in the right, and have made up our minds
that Congress ought not to adjourn until the frank-
ing privilege is abolished, and until the rate of
postage is increased, it was our duty to have
brought in a bill, at least, embodying one of these
principles—namely, the abolition of the franking
privilege—and passed it, and sent it to the House
majority of ten in a House of one hundred and . of Representatives; and also a bill raising the
fifty-six members. A full House consists of two , postage, if we are at liberty to originate such a
hundred and thirty-six members; and when, in ,, bill in this body, which is perhaps questionable,
so thin a House, there was a majority of but ten !! We are, at all events, authorized to abolish the
against it, what right have we io conclude that franking privilege by a bill mtioduced into this
the House will not reconsider its action on the ( body originally. If we had done that, and sent
franking privilege? because that, I assure the Sen- ,, it to the other House, and they had refused to
ate, will of itself form an economy in our mail i. pass it, we might have stood upon that bill until
service of several millions of dollar
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a state of things
I am not talking about. I am speaking of the
arguments of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown.] He did not speak of the probability of
the other House passing it; he put it upon the
broad ground that we were right and they were
wrong, and that we should stay here until they
came to their senses, and compel them to do right.
I beg leave to say that that is a conclusion to
which I cannot come, because they are just as
likely to be right as we are, and just as likely to
be obstinate as we aie.
Mr. FOSTER. Moie so, if they are wrong.
Mr. FESSENDEX. Certainly, as my friend
from Connecticut suggests, they are more likely
to be obstinate if they are wrong. Taking the
premises which I have laid down, I ask what m
the world is the use of our staying here until they
have receded ? because they will not be likely to
do it. Or what will be gained by our fighting this
out, and letting the President call an extra session,
if they will stand out then just as well as now?
Therefore I say it is entiiely inconclusive; it is
talking for anything but a result, to talk about
sitting here for the purpose of coercing a set of
the Congress expired under the Constitution, and
we should have stood properly before the coun-
, try, if that was our opinion. But to put these
; two amendments on this appropriation bill, and
insist that we will not adjourn until the other
I House adopts them, is placing ourselves in afalse
^ position. I think the honorable Senator from
i Virginia is right, and I shall vote with him to ac-
cept this repot t of the committee of conference,
i Mr. PUGH. I am not in favor of coetcing the
' Iiouse of Representatives, nor am I in favor of
general legislation upon an appropriation bill; but
1 this case presents neither of these questions. The
| House of Representatives has sent us a bill ap-
i propriating jjiven sums of money for the service
of the PostOffice Department. The HouseofRep-
resentatives sent us on Saturday night an amend-
ment to the loan bill, increasing the loan from
$15,000,000 to $20,000,000, making §40,000,000
that we have borrowed at this session, besides the
surplus of $17,000,000 which was on hand on the
1st of Juiy last, and has been consumed during
the fiscal year. Now, unless we can provide a
rpvenue we cannot, in justice to the country, pass
the House hill. It is our duty not to pass that bill-
until we provide the means of payment. Where
men to come to our conclusion: for they will not is the money to come from to make all these ap-
be more likely to be governed by us than we shall propriations? You must retrench the expenses
be to be governed bv them. If you have an extra i of the Post Office Department, or you must re-
