3038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
duce the amount appropriated by the House in
tbeir bill. We proposed four amendments, each
one of them calculated to reduce largely the ex-
penses uf the Post Office Department, or largely
to increase its revenue. The Ilouse agreed to two
of these amendments after solemn argument, by
a test vote. One was a proposition to give out the
printing of certain blanks connected with that De-
partment to the lowest bidder. It was a very great
reduction. They also agreed to the proposition
to give the advertisement of the letter list to the
lowest bidder. ,The House discovered no general
legislation, no incongruity in these amendments.
They agreed to both of them, and only disagreed
to the two amendments abolishing the franking
privilege and increasing the rates of postage.
The bill went to a conference. What then ?
The committee of conferrence did not agree on
these two amendments. It went to a second con-
ference, and the conference again did not agree.
Then the House go back and rescind their agree-
ment to amendments to which they had already
consented, refuse to give up two abuses, and in-
sist upon perpetuating two more. What is the
consequence? We know that with the appro-
priations contained in this bill, unless we provide
the means of payment, there will be a deficiency
in the levenue; and how is it to be made up ? By
another loan bill r If so, it is our duty to sit here
and pass the loan bill. We ou^ht not to appro-
priate more money than the Government has on
liand.
We have proposed, in addition to the two
- amendments to which the House at one time
agreed, and which are material in reducing the"
expenses of the Government, to abolish the flank-
ing privilege. It is a great convenience to us in-
dividually, and it will be more expensive to us
individually if we do not abolish it; but what is
the case on the other hand? The Senator from
Mississippi has told us the truth, and we know
it. I have no doubt that the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege will reduce theexpenses of the Gov-
ernment between five and six millions a year,
taken in all its ramifications. It puts a stop to
the increased mail service which is only necessary
to carry the free matter. It will put a stop to the
extravagant printing of books by Congress. It
will put an end to all this matter that is loading
down the mails in every direction. Tvly own
judgment was, that that one reform put upon this
bill would have been sufficient, If the House had
agreed to that, we should have given up the in-
creased rates of postage. In fact, I thought the
increase was rather too sudden, although, in my
opinion, there ought to be some inciease.
The position of the Senate therefore is, that the
appropriations recommended by the House in
this bill are too large, unless we provide a reduc-
tion of the expenses. It is not a case of general
legislation; it is not a case of foreign matter put
on an appiopriation bill; itissirnply carrying out
the very just views of the President, so admira-
bly expressed m his message, that if Congiess
makes the appropriations, it is the duty of Con-
gress to provide the money; and we must either
provide it by a new loan, or by adhering to our
amendments, which reduce the expenses of the
Post Office Department. Suppose we pass the
House bill, and." recede from all our amendments,
as recommended by the committee of conference,
and go home: what is the consequence? At the
next session there will be a deficiency; we shall
have to make a new loan. We had better make
it now; we had better lei the House of Represent-
atives and everybody else see thut, if they reject
our amendments, they must increase the revenue
of the Government from some other source.
While I adhere to the proposition on which I
stood in the case of the Army appropriation bill
two years ago, that neither House has a right to
'coerce the other to general legislation on an ap-
propriation bill, I s \y that wnen the appropria-
tions for the Post Office Department (the true
doctrine in reference to which has always been
that it should support itself) are too large for our
present means, h is our duty either to reduce the
appropriations or to adhere to our amendments.
I think the House have behaved very badly, at
all events—1 say it with all due respect—in going
"back and striking off amendments to which they
had once consented, winch amendments were cal-
culated to reduce expenses. This is the reason
why, although I am very anxious to go home,
and anxious to see an end to this bill. I cannot ,
vote for the report of the conference committee, 1
because it involves the responsibility of taking ,
more money than the Government has to spend, i
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, it is some seven 1
or eight years since the present rates of postage 1
were established. Thai was done by the con- ;
currencc of the two Houses of Congress, with i
the assent of the then President of the United j
States. From that ilay down to this, I think not
a year has passed without a deficiency in the ,
PostOffice revenue; and that which was the policy !
of the country before, that the Post Office should i
be self-supporting, that its revenues should not 1
exceed in cost the amount of its revenues, has, :
from that day down to this time, been departed ;
from; and it seems as if the country, certainly as
if Congress, had sanctioned the new idea that it
should be no longer requited that the Post Office ;
should be self-supporting. We have, without any j
objection, so far as I now, certainly without any
great effort to prevent that state of things, every 1
year since 1851, appropriated additional sums of
money to supply the deficiency in the revenues of ,
the Post Office; arid it would seem almost (as we i
have heard nothing like a serious proposition to
change this state of thing**) as if it were the set-
tled policy of Congress, sustained by the people, ;
that that should be the case.
I am very ready to admit that I dissent from i
all that. I thought when the reduction was made, 1
that we were doing a rash and unwise thim*; that !
we were adopting an English system not adapted j
to the extent and circumstances of this country, [
and which, in the end, would prove to be entirely I
too onerous. I think so now. I voted very cheer- :
fully the other day for the proposition of the Sen- j
ator from Arkansas to increase the rates of post-
age; but i cannot disguise from myself the fact
that it is a sudden movement. After seven years of '
acquiescence in this policy, without notice early
in the session, without any formal proposition
introduced and submitted to a committee, as
ought to have been the case, in the very la«t week
of the session, and, I believe, in the tast three '
days of the session, by surprise, suddenly, bv u
sort of stampede, we deteimined to break down
that system which we had sustained for some
seven or eight years, and which had met with no .
great complaint in the country. I cannot but be- ■
lieve that an appeal to the country and a thor- :
ough discussion of this subject would have an !
effect upon the public sentiment, and would bring :
about a change m the uttes of postage, for which :
I was prepared the other day, and shall be pre-
pared at the next session of Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
says the act was passed seven or eight years ago.
The act to which my attention is called, is dated ;
March 3, 1855. :
Mr PEARCE. I thought it was passed in !
1851.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The act before 1
me is dated March 3, 1855, three years ago. I am
not aware when the three-cent postage was es-
tablished before that.
Mr. PEARCE. Is not that a supplementary
ac.f ? I am sure the general rates now prevailing ■
were established in 1851.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would be glad
if the Senator would turn himself to that original :
act.
Mr. I'EARCE. I think I am right. Now, in
regard to the franking privilege, how long it has
prevailed I do not know. I know it has prevailed 1
for neaily thirty years—how much longer I will 1
not undertake to say, We modified it in 1845. .
It was but a slight modification. Before that it
was not exactly understood, and was construed
differently in different parts of the country. Some
slight inconvenience was felt by gentlemen who
had to pay postage in one part of the country as
I had, whiie others, in other portions of the coun-
try did not pay postage on their letters; and the ,
result was. that an act at the next session of Con- '
gress, restored the franking privilege precisely to ,
the condition in which it had been about twenty j
years before, to my knowledge. ;
In regard to that, I am perfectly ready to say i
that I am willing to give it up. It is to most
members of the Senate, and 1 presume of the :
House, productive of much more labor than ben- '
efit. A small amount of postage upon our let- .
ters, I presume, would scaiceiy be inconveni-
ent for any member of Congress to pay; and I am
sure that that little disadvantage, if we are to
consider it at all, would be far overbalanced by
the dispensation with all this labor which is now
most oppressive to Senators, if they undertake to
perform it. For my own part, I do not undertake
to perform it. I do not send out a tenth part of
the documents which I receive; and I could not,
unless I devoted myself to the business of a clerk,
and gave up all idea of studying the great meas-
ures which are before the country. I generally
give them away by the cart-load to institutions
who make a better use of them, I suppose, than
I can. I should be very glad to get rid of all the
burden in that regard, and give up every part and
parcel of the franking system; but it is the law
long established and long practiced upon; and I
do not think that, on an appropriation bill, the
object of which is to provide the ways and means
of carrying on the existing establishment, and
paying for the service which by law the Postmas-
ter General is to see performed throughout the
country, upon a sudden amendment sprung upon
the Senate in the last three days of the session,
it is right to endeavor to coerce the House.
I do not consider this a case resembling that
which the Senator from Louisiana mentions, and
which, I think, the Senator from Georgia men-
tioned. I do not liken the Senate of the United
States to the House of Commons of England; the
House of Commons stand in a very different re-
lation, either to the House of Lords or to the
Crown, from that which we maintain to the Ilouse
of Representatives. Theyjiold the money strings,
and it is the only mode by which they can coerce
the Government when they think they are suffer-
ing grievances. If, when the House of Repre-
sentatives send us a bill supplying the means for
defraying the ordinary expenses of the service of
one branch of the Government, we choose to put
additional and new legislation on it, altuing the
system which has prevailed for years, and if we
aie justified in saying we will adhere to this and
compel the Ilouse to do its duty, as one gentle-
man said, I beg to be understood as not joining
in the idea of announcing what is the duty of
the House. If we are to do that, if we are to
say, '* we will not give you the means for the sup-
port of the ordinary expenditures of this branch
of the public service, unless we couple it with a
condition suddenly sent to you," 1 do not see
what appropriation the House can send to us,
which we may not treat in the same way; and I
do not see then but that we shall be undertaking
to diiect and control the whole legislation of the
country, as we seem now to think the House is
end' avoring to do in regard to us.
1 hope, therefore, sir, that wc shall not persist
in thi-se amendments, l>ut at the next session of
Congress let the appropriate committees take the
subject into consideration, let them inquire into
all tiie items in regard to this service, which, per-
haps, would require some little time; let a report
be made upon the whole subject, exhibiting the
effect of the proposed change upon the condition
of the Post Office, and after passing such a meas-
ure, let us adhere to it m the Senate until the very
last measure of parliamentary means is exhaust-
ed. Then -I think we may go to the country
safely, if we must needs have a quarrel with the
House of Representatives; but do not let us have
a quarrel with the House at this stage of the ses-
sion on a measure which, however w sc and ad-
vantageous we may think it, we have proposed
to them only two days before the adjournment.
This bill, 1 think, passed the Senate on Friday
night. Saturday and Monday morning were ail
that were left to the House to consider it, and
suielv, if on no other giound, they have on the
ground of time, a light to say they will not be
thus forced in such haste as this.
_Mt\ WADE, is the question susceptible of
division 5 I am desirous of voting for that por-
tion of the amendment which proposes to abolish
the franking privilege, and to vote against the
increase of postage.
The S ICE PRESIDENT. The report of the
committee cannot be altered or amended or di-
vided.
Mr. PUGH. But if we vote down the report,
it^will be open for us to insist or recede from any
of our amendments, wtli ir not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. WADE. This is an unfruitful debate. I
