1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOld
He stands now in an assemblage more august than
that of Senators and Cabinets, and before a tribu-
nal more just and more certain in its decrees than
the public opinion of cotemporaries or of pos-
terity. And alas! how sudden was his departure !
In the morning, he was engaged in the quiet and
faithful discharge of his duties; in the afternoon,
he charmed the social circle with the genial bnght-
nessof hisfnendly humor; in theevening—a brief
strussle with death—and h is i m mortal spirit wings
its flight upwaid from earth forever.
Death snatched the casket, but the jewel is safe
from its grasp. This sudden demise of a mem-
ber of the Senate, so known, so honored, and so
loved, brings us, as it were, face to face with death.
We see its relentless hand stretched forth in our
midst, we feel its icy breath upon our cheek.
Who is ready to meet its encounter? If official
position, or extensive usefulness, or great popu-
larly would sfny us approach, then Judge Evans
would still live. It is well understood, i believe,
that he intended, at the end of his existing term
of service in the Senate, to retire from public life,
and devote himself exclusively to his private af-
fairs and to a fuller preparation for that change
which, from his advanced age, he must have
known was not very far off.
But death would not stay its hand. It pre-
ferred to take him surrounded bv all the trappings
of official station, and at a time when he least ex-
pected the approach. Who, then, determines to
be prepared for death to-morrow? How knows
he ihat this day will not close ins career on earth ?
Nothing could console for the suddenness of
Judge Evans's death but the excellence of his life.
I have said that he was a good man in the view
that he inquired into, and attempted to perform, all
his obligations to his fellow-man.
But 1 have reason to believe that, in a yet ho-
lier and oetter sense, he was a good man, and that
he inquired into, and attempted to discharge, his
obligations to Ins God also. If this be true, then
how important and valuable is the truth! His
friends, then, may have hope in his death, and
may cherish the consoling thought, that m this
gree' change, what to them and the country is a
great loss, is to him an everlasting gain.
Thus far have 1 spoken of the death of Judge
Evans as an isolated circumstance.
I desire now, as a Virginian, to consider it in
Another point of view. Within a few years past,
how bountifully has devoted Carolina reaped of
the " harvest of death." Calhoun and Elmore
and Bmk-r and Evans, of the Senate, all gone
since I fust entered the Halls ot Congress, and
one aUo, a member of the House, whose sudden
and untimely death a generous people yet deeply
mourn. I allude to the lamented Brooks. These
were the sons of South Carolina. Their first and
highestaliegtance was due to her. But they weie
not all hers.
Then* efforts were for the good of every south-
ern State, and foi the advancement of the entire
country, 'the whole civilized world is tilled with
their Loots. Wo claim our share at least in this
Heritage of sonow. And now while South Caro-
lina adds another to the urns winch she beais in
her bosom, and bends her head yet lower ui #nef,
I claim, in llie name of her eider sister, Virginia,
the bountiful mother of Slates, to extend to her
the hand '.f sympathy, and mingle my tears of sor-
row wnh hers. When my youthful mind was
tirst tinned to public affairs, my attention was ar-
rested by the bright an ay of great men who then
illustrated tin1 Suite of South Carolina. There was
Calhoun and McDufiie and Hayne and Hamilton
and Turnbull and Preston, and others, whom I
need not name.
One by one those I have mentioned have sunk
into the grave—ali save one; and he bows his
f-pjrit beneath the crushing weight of years and
infirmity. South Carolina may well have been
proud of her sons. JNTiobe boasted too proudly
of her children, and brought down the vengeance
of ihe gods upon thorn. liut when the children of
Niobe were stneken with death, their mother could
boar no mote, and was doomed to lament their
loss tlnoughout all time, and to remain forever
" C'hil.ile-s and crownle^ >:i lier voicelcs* woe."
If Carolina was proud overmuch or her mighty
sons, and 1ms thus brought down upon them the
vengeance of Heaven,she may moderate hei grief;
because she has yet oihei sons to come forward m
tnon stead.
When next the mighty conflict of intellect shall
be proclaimed, and questions of political and so-
cial progress shall wake up the great ones of the
earth—then, when the bead-roll of fame shall be
called to summon the contestants to the field,
Chevis and Lowndes and Caihounand McDulfie
and Elmore and Butler and Evans shall lie mute
in the grave. Rut oihers shall answer in their
stead; for Carolina has vet sons worthy to wear
the laurel. Why should they not move on to
the highest point of fame ? The example of those
who have gone before sheds yet a blight light upon
their path, and the smiles of a friendly world en-
courage them to advance. There remains the
same proud and gallant State to cherish and sus-
tain them; there remain the same Constitution to
protect, the same great principles to maintain, and
the same holy rights to defend.
The great men whom I have named, though
gone, yet lend their propitious aid. If they were
lights on earth, and have seemed to disappear,
they are not lost. They have but " gone to join
the lights that live along the sky." Their coun-
sels and their teachings are immortal. So, too, of
him for whom we sorrow:
" lie is not dead.
Sunk though he be beneath the mortal floor.
So [Jinks the day star in the ocean bed,
And yet anon repairs his dsooping head;
And tricks ins beams, and with new-spana;M ore
Flames m the forehead oftne morning sky."
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, when a Senator
ripe in the wisdom of years, mild and judicious
in counsel, faithful in the performance ofduty, and
of overflowing kindness in all the relations of life,
passes away, and is gathered to his fathers, the
State in whose name he spoke, and the nation
whose mtuesis he labored to advance, join in a
mutual sorrow at the portals of his tomb. But I
rise, m accordance with the wishes of the delega-
tion from South Carolina, to speak to the resolu-
tions before us, with a sadness intensified by the
warmth of personal attachment which 1 felt for the
venerable deceased, whom 1 was proud in being
able to call by the cherished title of friend.
Rarely, sir, have I known one so full of all those
kindly attributes which win the affectionate re-
gard of his associates, and bind them to him with
almost, the love of woman. Rarely has it been
my good fortune to enjoy the confidence of one
whose friendship was so full of heait; whose heart
was so free from guile; whose mmd was so devoid
of bitterness and prejudice; whose bearing was so
manly, and yet so gentle; and who, in the very
fullness of years, retained the cheerful tone and
the genial spirits of youth.
In the months that I sat at the same table with
the venerable Senator who has departed from
our midst, and m the many pleasant evenings in
which, after the conflicts of the day were over,
we enjoyed such friendly converse, seeking rather
those things on which we agreed than those on
which we were born to differ, I learned to know
and to value him. He seemed to me like one of
the patriarchs, cast in the olden mold; like one
who, in the days of the Revolution, would have
been ranked a worthy associate for those noble,
yet unassuming men, who exhibited their hero-
ism without boasting, and were willing to £ive
their lives for their country without a sigh. Firm
in his opinions, yet courteous in their expression;
laborious m the arduous and thankless committee
labor devolved upon him, and yet claiming no
credit for its fulfillment; vigilantly watchful, and
ever at his post m the Senate, claiming no exemp-
tion for years or feeble health, and invariably
kind and affaule to ali who were bfought in con-
tact with him, I do not wonder that, m that grave
and dignified body in the opposite wing of this
Capitol, he was a universal favorite, cherished
and beloved by all his compeers, f om the shoies
of the Atlantic to the golden gate of the Pacini.
Nor is it surprising that Ins native State, after he
had worn her ermine so spotlessly and so well for
a score of years, conferred upon him that crown-
ing mark of her approval and confidence which
placed him in the national Senate. It had been
worthily earned, and us honors were worthily
worn.
But at last, after he had passed the allotted three-
score years and ten, the messenger of death sum-
moned him from this transitory life of toil below
to that endless life of rest above. How kindly
a.id rendeily thaUammouecame, you all do know.
Not with the sharp anguish of fatal accident*
crushing out life m pain and agony; not with the
long days and weary nights of burningfever; not
with that dread strugglein which the soul so often
tears itself away from its mortal tenement; but
calmly and peacefully, as if a fitting end of a life
so gentle and serene, he closed his eyes upon
tnc last of earth,M to open them in that home
which for so many years he had been preparing
himself to occupy.
And, while we mourn that the silver cord has
been loosened, and the golden bowl broken, we
can indeed and most truthfully exclaim:
"As a cloud of the ?un«set, plow molting in heaven,
As a star that is iost when the daylight is given.
As a glad dreain of slumber winch wakens in bliss,
He hath passed to the world of the holy from tlm.
But, oh! if one glance the freed spii it can throw
On this scene of it* troubled vocation below—
Th tn the pride of the marble—the p*>mp of the dead—
To that gUncc will bo dearer the tears which we shed."
The resolutions were unanimously adopted.
Business was then suspended until two o'clock;
when the House proceeded to the Senate Cham-
ber, in compliance with the resolutions which had
been adopted. Subsequently the House reassem-
bled; and, on motion, adjourned until Monday.
IK SENATE.
Monday, May 10, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. A. Holmead
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of Daniel
F. Tiemann, Mayor of New York city,and others,
in relation to a plan for the sanitary improvement
of the city of New York; which was refeired to
the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented papers in support of the claim
of Deborah Burlingham, a daughter of James
Dennison, an officer of the revolutionary war, to
a pension; which were referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented papers in support of the claim
of J. M Pommares, acting consul at Vera Cruz,
in Mexico, for the return of money advanced to
aid in the transportation of destitute American
citizens to New Orleans, who were left at Vera
Cruz by the American army; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
He also presented a petition of Hayne M. Sal-
omon, praying indemnity for losses su&taiued in
consequence of the advances made by his father
without security to carry on the war of the Rev-
olution, by which a large and entire estate was
lost to his children; which, was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. FOOT presented a petition of citizens of
that portion of Georgetown, Disuict of Columbia,
known as " the Heights," praymg to be set apart
j from the corporate limits of snid town, and to be
i removed from the operation of its municipal laws;
1 which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
tiicf of Columbia.
I Mr. WILSON presented additional documents
1 in relation to the claims of the States of Maine
and Massachusetts under the treaty of Washing-
ton: which were refeired to the Committee on For-
tign Relations.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of busi-
ness men of the northwestern lakes, praying for
an appropriation for the purpose of ascertaining
whether Professor Ballot's rule, by which the ap-
pjoach of storms may be foretold, is apohcaUie
to the lakes; which was referred tu the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. DOOLi TTLE presented resolutions of the
Lcgidatute of Wisconsin, m favor of a donation
of land to aid in the ronstrunum of a ship-cnim!
around the Falla of Niagara; which wcie u-fei red
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin, praying for a grant of land to
aid in the construction of the Mineral Point and
Portage City railroad; which was refeired to ih«
Committee on Public Lands, and oideied to be
printed.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the pi tj:onof Ab°l
Hildreth, praying for an appropriation toenable
him to set up and attach to the bell at Whitehead
a simple apparatus, invented and patented by him,
