THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JrEnj 0FF!CIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED^BY JOHN cV RIVES? WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 4, 1858.
New Series....No. 59.
this bill. And no one will doubt that that i# the
case; he will not dare to dispute it.
Mr. BURNETT. The reason why I asked my
colleague why this classification of clerks had
been made, is this: I am opposed to the classifica-
tion of clerks, and I have been opposed to it ever
since I have seen the operation of it in the Depart-
ments in this city. You may^o into the various
Departments here and you will find that the clerks
who receive #1,200 actually do more labor and
perform more service than those who are in the
classes above them. The clerkships in the De-
partments are divided into four distinct classes,
at$1,200, #1.400, $1,600,and $1,800. Now, lam
opposed to this system, for the reason that, if
you put some of these clerks at #1,400 and others
at ยง1,800, those at the lowest rate of pay will
render services of a similar character and do the
same amount of labor as those who receive the
higher rate of pay.
Mr. MASON. I yielded to the gentleman for
a question, and not for an argument.
Mr. BURNETT Well, I desire to ask an-
other question. What direction have the five
clerks who are placed at $1,800 over the three
clerks who are to be paid $1,400?
Mr. MASON. It is too long an explanation
to make now; but I will refer the gentleman to the
reportof the Whiginvestigaiingcommittec,made
of $790,000. But the opposition to this measure
does not rise from the feeling m favor of those
holdingsubordinateoffices. Ithasanother source.
Mr. NICHOLS. I understand the gentleman
to say that if he were on the Committee on Print-
ing he could make contracts which would save
the Government a million dollars? I now ask
him what contract he would make under the law
by which he would do so?
Air. MASON. I will lull you.
Mr. NICHOLS. Allow me one word more;
and then answer all together.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not perceive
the pertinency of the point to this bill, No. 311.
Mr. NICHOLS. Inasmuch as the question
has been started, I simply desire to put an inter-
rogatory. I say that the Committee on Printing
has but one contract to let, and in this Congress
they have let it at least fifty per cent, below that
at which it was ever let before.
Mr. MASON. I answer the gentleman that I
would, every time that a motion to print was
brought up here, examine it.
Mr. NICHOLS. Certainly. So we do.
Mr. MASON. And I would see who got it up,
and for what reason it was got up; whether it was
to give patronage to the printer or to give inform-
ation to the country. You have now got a mil-
lion of dollars addedon to the contingentfund,in
in 1841, in reference to the duties of all these j the form of a deficiency for printing^ lithograph-
clerks;and now I will proceed to something else. [ling, and engraving, done at double and treble
This is one of the very few sessions of Congress i| prices.
that members have had their attention colled to ji The SPEAKER.- The Chair thinks that the
11 gentleman from Kentucky had bettei confine lnm-
self lo the discussion of the bill.
Mr. MASON. I am an old soldier on this
the employes of the House. There was one com-
mittee appointed at the beginning of the session
to report, among other things, as to appointing
extra messengers. These messengers were al-
lowed by the House; but the Doorkeeper was not
satisfied with the number. He did not think he j
was allowed exactly enough, or given enough of I
patronage. As to these ยง1,200 clerks, I will say
to my colleague, that, for the duties which they
are called upon to perform, there can be had per-
fectly competent men, who will be glad to get
that salary. As to the five superior clerks, their
duties are of a higher otder, and require higher
abilities
Mr. RUSSELL. I want to know from the gen-
tleman from Kentucky what employes under the
Doorkeeper have farmed out their places? I have
asked the Doorkeeper whether any such system
exists in his department, and he says there does
not. I have asked Mr. Allen, the Clerk, whether
any such system exists m his department, and
lie says, no.
Alt. MASON. I did not say that they farmed
out their places. I say that it is a common thing
for persons employed about the Capitol to go
home, and draw their pay, and get others to do
their work, giving them half a dollar a day to
take care of the rooms.
Mr. RUSSELL. Will the gentleman say who
these employes are, and I will go for their re-
moval.
Mr. MASON. I have nocharge to makeagainst
the Clerk or Doorkeeper, or anybody else. It is
the system that Iailudeto. It is a common thing,
as is known to many members of the House.
Now, the only question is, whether we shall cm-
ploy messengers at salaries which will make the
offices objects of patronage, which will induce
members to look for them for their brothers-in-
law, nephews, and other relatives; or whether we
will affix such salaries to tlpe offices as will induce
none to seek them who do not intend to perform
their duties faithfully ? As it is, we hold out in-
ducements to office-seekers in all parts of the
country to come here and seek these petty offices.
Gentlemen say why do you not commence the
reform at other and higher offices? Why do you
not go to the public printing system, the Army,
the Navy, and the Indian department, where mil-
lions aie expended, and reform them ; Sir, I tell
you to-day that if I were on the Committee on
Printing, 1 would, in some contracts, effect a
saving of more than a million dollars. You have
hadjiere this session a deficiency bill for printing
59
Committee of Accounts, and I know the source
from which this opposition comes. In the face
of examining committees, with regard to the late
Committee of Accounts and others, we determ-
ined to keep our tracks clear. And how? Why,
we refer the accounts of Democratic printers to
the Republican members, so that these accounts
may have a full and impartial examination. We
do this, even at the risk of falling out with our
Democratic friends. We believe that the Repub-
lican members of that committee have a right to
look at the accounts of Democratic officers. We
have a Democratic Superintendent of Public Print-
ing, appointed by the Presidentand confirmed by
the Senate, and we do not mean to prevent the
full investigation of his accounts. We have in-
trusred that duty to members of the committee
who stand high, not only in the estimation of
: their own party, but of the Democratic party
! also. If the Superintendent of Public Printing
I cannot stand the test of such examination, let him
i suffer the consequences.
! So it is with the accounts of the Clerk. I do
| not intend to insinuate anything against the Su-
1 pcrintendent of Public Printing. I am confident
that he will be able to stand the test of a strict ex-
amination. I do not know him, but I have con-
fidence m the President that he would not appoint
a dishonest man. It is a position that requires
honesty, ability, and integrity to fill. In making
these contracts for million a for printing, paper, and
lithographing, they are exposed to temptations
which would try the honesty of any man. Hut,
sir, if by any chance any suspicion should fall
upon his conduct, let h is accounts be can-fully and
rigidly examined by men of the opposite party m
this House, and you will have no need hereafter
for future committees^of investigation. If the j
Committee of Accounts do their duty properly, j
and examine those accounts fairly, there can be >
none. It is true that some mcorrectaccounts may !
slip through, but they will be found out sooner or j
later. But if you want your Committee of Ac- j
counts to be governed by a caucus of employes, ^
who shall act upon the principle of passing upon '
every man's accounts, then appoint some more j
supple tools on the committee, who will put their !
demands into ciFect, and wili not allow iiiond or .
foe to look into their accounts. j
The gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Warren] ;
spoke of splendid committee rooms. Well, sir, !
who furnished them so splendidly ? I cannot tell.
We have their accounts coming'before us occa-
sionally. It is the duty of the Clerk of the House
to bringthem before us. At the proper time, they
have all to be scanned by our committee, by men
of all parties. If they are right, they will pass;
if they are not right, they will not pass. And so
with all the other accounts. It is his duty to make
contracts, and to purchase all the stationery and
materials for the use of the House. So far as I
know, he has so far performed every duty effi-
ciently and honestly. But, sir, for some reason
the Superintendent of Public Printing has not
shown a disposition for carrying on a proper in-
vestigation by the committee. The gentleman
from New York (Mr. Spinner] can testify that
we have undergone an amount of labor in the in-
vestigation of the contracts which have been made
for printing, Iithographing,and almost everything
else, which few members of the House would be
willing to undergo.
Air. Speaker, so much for the clerks and mes-
sengers. Now fqr the post office department. I
have in my hands a report from the Postmaster of
the House, whichis too longto read. It would take
an hour to do it. But, sir, he gives the committee
his views, and asks for some more employes. I-Ic
says that more employes are wanted to discharge
the duties of that office. Since the salary of these
messengers lias been raised to $1,440 per annum,
their number has been increased. When these
men were employed at $2 50 per day, they did
their work without difficulty with a less number.
But when theii salary was increased to $1,400,
they employed men to do their work at $900. It is
said that, in the condition of the city, they want
protection in carrying the mail to the residences
of the members. Well, sir, we have given them
two messengers at three dollars per day to go with
the mail-boys.
But, sir, the Postmaster, in his communication
asking for another messenger at $900 a year, fur-
nishes an argumentagainstthe whole system. He
says the authority to make the appointment would
give rise to so much competition that he would
rather the appointment would be given to another.
Well, sir, if there would be so much competition
with the salary of $900 a year, what would it be
with a salary of $1,440? The $540 must be,then,
regarded as extra. Mr. Speaker, each of your con-
stituents and mile are as much entitled to a gra-
tuity of $540 as these men who are required to do
public service. But, sir, I promised to yield the
lioor to the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I merely wish to re-
mind the gentleman of a question I propounded,
believing that the knowledge involved in its
answer is necessary to enable gentlemen to vote
intelligently upon this bill. I desire to ascertain
whatchanges this hill makes? Whatisthe reduc-
tion it pioposes in the number of employes, and
in their compensation? It strikes rae that this
information is necessary to enable us to vote un-
derstandingly.
Mr. MASON. I will answerthe'gentleman with
pleasure, so far as I can. There is no change made
in the number of the clerks nowauthorized by law.
In some instances where messengers have, with-
out authority of law, come to be recognized as
derks, we have put th^in hack where they were
before. We added one more to the Postmaster's
force. We gave to the four men under him the
pay that we have allowed messengers upon this
floor. We put doorkeepers and all upon the same
footing of three dollars a day. Heretofore, in pre-
vious sessions, the salary was two dollars and a
half a day. The twenty per cent, increase made
ft three dollars, and this we have allowed them.
We make the compensation such as intelligent
and faithful working men in this country would
he glad to obtain. We patiently inquired into the
subject, and gave the force and the pay that we
thought each portion of the service of the House
was entitled to. We gave a compensation which
we thought would insure faithful service.
We gave the Postmaster one more than he has
now, for this reason. The southern men wanted
