3040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14.
waste time by taking it up. There will be no new
Iight4iouse established this year.
-Mr. COLLAMER. It is not for new light-
houses. It is for the support of the Light-House
department, I understand.
f The VICE PRESIDENT. Thequestion is on
tjhe motion of the Senator from Virginia to pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
TERRITORIAL COURTS.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to ask the Senate to
t^ke up the bill (H. R. No. 59) in relation to
courts, and the holding of the terms thereof in
the several Territories of the United States. It is
reported without amendment from the Committee
on the Judiciary, and I presume there can be no
objection to its passage. It is a very short bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the Senator from Delaware, that I was in
the House of Representatives a few minutes ago,
and heard the chairman of the Enrolling Commit-
tee of the House, when they were about to take
up and pass a bill, inform them that he was au-
thorized by the President to say that he would
sign no bill which had not been presented to him
on Saturday, except the regular appropriation
bills. I therefore suggest to the Senator that the
consequence will be that if the biil be not signed,
it will be in a worse position than if it be left as
it is.
. Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish simply to say a
word. It is unusual altogether for the Senate to
receive any communication of the character which
has just been made to us as to what the President
will or will not do. It is against the privileges
and the rights of this body. Is it intended to op-
erate upon us and to make us conform our action
to the irregular edicts that may be brought in and
pronounced by anybody here? I say this with
great respect, and merely in order to make known
my protest at any rate as one Senator against it
as an infringement of the rights of the Senate.
The question being put on the motion, there
were—ayes 22, nays 7; no quorum voting.
Mr. MASON. I renew the motion that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business; and I ask for a division on that vote.
Mr._ BENJAMIN. I hope the Senate will pass
this bill before it goes into executive session. It
is evident that there is a large majority of the
Senate who wish to do it; and that will ought to
be respected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state, moreover, that
there is another bill on the table which has come
from the House, to repeal a section of law which
passed both Houses on Saturday, and which, I
am told, makes a very large appropriation of
money, and was passeu without having been un-
derstood either by the House or the Senate, and
contrary to the intention of both. It came in this
morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Maine that no busi-
ness can be transacted until measures are taken to
ascertain the presence of a quorum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would only 
Mr. STUART. The Senator will allow me to
suggest that we can take no question until we as-
certain that there is a quorum heie. 1 therefore
ask for the yeas and nays on the motion of the
Senator from Delaware.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest, m reference to
the'intimation made by the Senator from Maine,
that there has been no such bill passed as he has
described, which that bill undertakes to repeal.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 41, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Brod- j
erick, Chandler, Clay, Uiin^man, Co'llamer, Crittenden, !
Boolittle, F^ssendcn, Fiteb,Fitzpatriek, Foot, Foster, Hur- ;
lan, Houston, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of |
Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, King, Mailory, Peaice, Polk, ;
Pugh, Reid, Rice, Seward, Sunmons, Stuart, Thompson of j
Kentucky, Thomson of Nejv Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull, j
Wade, Wilson, Wright, and Yutee—41. I
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Hale, Hammond, Mason, and !
Slidell—5. :
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill (H. !
R. No. 59) in relation to courts and the holding i
of the terms thereof in the several Territories of j
the United States, was considered as in Commit- :
teS of the Whole.
^ It proposes to authorize the judges of the su- !
jireme court of each Territory of the United States ;
to hold court within their respective districts, in
the counties wherein, by the territoral laws, courts
have been or may be established, for the purpose
of hearingand determiningali matters and causes,
except those in which the United States isa party;
but the expenses are to be paid by the Territory,
or by the counties in which the courts may be
held.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House ef Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the enrolled bill (H. R. No.
556) making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1859; and it was signed
by the Vice President.
POST ROADS.
The bill (H. R. No. 652) to repeal the second
section of an act entitled " An act to establish cer-
tain post roads," approved June 14, 1858, was
read twice by its title.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I shall object to the con-
sideration of this bill unless I can understand
what it proposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has been
read twice as a matter of form for reference, and
will go to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. MASON. I move an executive session.
Mr. YULEE. Before the bill is committed,
which I think will be a very proper disposition of
it, and the committee will immediately report to
the Senate, I desire to call the attention of the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] to a re-
mark which I understood or misunderstood him
to make just now. I may have misunderstood
him; but I understood him to say that legislation
had been taken on the post route bill which in-
volved an appropiiation of §1,000,000, and it was
not understood by the Senate at the time of its
passage. Did I so understand him correctly?
Mr. FESSENDEN. A large sum of money,
I said.
Mr. YULEE. I wish to say, in reply to that,
that the Senator is entirely mistaken. There is
no such legislation.
Mr. MASON. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator will not object to
an explanation ?
Mr. MASON. If it is a matter of personal ex-
planation, I shall not object.
Mr. YULEE. Most undoubtedly it is. I will
state that the Senator fiom Maine is under a total
mistake, as the House of Representatives has been
in its action on this matter. The section to which
this bill refers was read to the Senator from Maine
himself personally, before it was introduced; and
1 am satisfied that he cannot know to what this
bill relates. It was read to the Senator. It had
been determined by the Post Office Committee
unanimously that it should be reported; and when
I reported the post route bill, I stated to the Sen-
ate—and the reporters, I dare say, took notes of
what f said—that the first section related entirely
to post routes; that the second section might be
deemed to be somewhat more of a legislative char-
acter than the establishment of a post route, and
that I would therefore read it to the Senate; and
I read it from my place. I afterwards called the
attention of the chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee of the House to the section, and read it to
him, it being a little more than the establishment
of a route.
Now, I will state what it is. It has been ob-
jected to, I believe, in the House on the ground
that it authorizes the establishment of an ocean
mail service from Portland to New Orleans—the
most absurd idea in the world. The committee
had no idea of the sort; never dreamed of any
such thing; nor did they dream of authorizing the
establishment of any route not now existing or
established. The whole purpose of it I will state.
It was not to oblige anything, but simply to au-
thorize the Postmaster General, and call his at-
tention to, and impress upon him the importance
of, the quick transit of the mail between New
Orleans and Portland. The object was to enable
him to make arrangements, or to call his attention
to the importance of making arrangements, for
expediting the mails in the winter season, when,
in consequence of the snows, especially in the
snowy region, and of freshets at other times, the
mails are liable to be delayed upon a single link
for an hour or two, which causes a break in the
whole connection all the way through, causing
the mail to lie over twelve or twenty-four hours,
at the point at which it stops, according to the
frequency of the mail on the route. The idea of
the committee was, that we should, if it could be
done without much expense, make arrangement
for extra trains to take up the mail at the point at
which it stopped, and carry it on, in order to pre-
vent the delay upon the way. The section merely
calls his attention to the subject; it obliges him to
nothing. That is the whole of the matter. Now,
sir, I propose that the motion be put on the refer-
ence of this bill to the committee, and we will re-
port it directly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will only say,in answer,
that when I called the attention of the Senate t&
the subject, I did not know what the provision
was. It was stated to me that a section had passed
authorizing a new route, which would cost a large
amount of money, and that that section had in-
advertently escaped the attention of the House
and the Senate. That being the case, I deemed
it important that it should be taken up. I did not
know what the matter was. Irememberdistinctly
now that the Senator from Florida brought a sec-
tion of a bill to me, and asked me a question in
relation to it, with reference to Boston and Port-
land, which F answered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the clause will be
read.
Mr. HALE. Can this bill be taken up without
unanimous consent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a House bill,
which has been read twice, and will lie on the
table or be referred, unless some other motion be
made.
Mr. KING, and others. Let us have the sec-
tion read which it proposes to repeal.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jindbcib further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be authorized to make such arrangement for the
transmission of the great through mails between Poitland
and New Orleans, as will insuie the mobt speedy and cer-
tain connection, including in the route, for one of the daily
mail*, as many of the &ea-board commercial cities as may
be consistent with the greatest dispatch.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will only say that the
statement which I have mentioned being made to
me, and knowing that this bill was lying on the
table, if the fact existed I was desirous that the
bill should be passed in order to prevent what
otherwise would have been a surprise on Con-
gress. I had reference to that, and that alone.
The Senator from Florida afterwards told me that
it was no such thing; and I said to him that if
it was no such thing, I had no objection to the
legislation which this bill proposes to repeal.
Mr. YULEE. Does the Senator recognize that
section as the one I showed him ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I want simply in 
Mr. MASON. I insist on my motion. Let
the bill be referred.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will allow me one word of explana-
tion.
Mr. HALE. It is very seldom you hear my
voice here. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Virginia yield to the Senator from New
Hampshire ?
Mr. MASON. I do not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. We have become
involved in a little confusion. The Chair had rec-
ognized the Senator from Virginia, who gave the
floor to the Senator from Florida for a personal
explanation The Chair would be happy to rec-
ognize the Senator from New Hampshire if the
Senator from Virginia 
Mr. MASON. If it extends to the same per-
sonal matter, and not the merits of this contro-
versy, I shall yield.
Mr. HALE. I want simply to say, as an act
of justice to the honorable Senator from Florida,
that I was in the House of Representatives when
this bill was called up there, and remarks were
made—I do not know that it was on the floor, but
among members—that were derogatory to the
good faith of the Senator. This matter was called
to the attention of the Postmaster General, by a
vote of the Senate, at my instance, in the early
