Mi®
TSftf CONGRESSlbtfAfc CiLOBE.
May 10,
for keeping up a continual alarm by the operation '
of the rise and full of the tides; which was re-
ferred'to the Committee on Commerce. j
Mr. BELL presented the petition of J. F. Dead- 1
rick, praying"compensation fora wagon and team ,
furnished by his father, David Deailriek, for the
transportation of provisions, &a., during the war
of 1812; which was referred to the Committee on
Ciaims.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of
H. R. Schoolcraft, praying compensation for the ;
collection of the facts and materials embodied in \
the history, statistics, condition,and prospectsof;
the Indian tribes of the United States, prepared ;
and published by him; which was referred to the ,
Committee on Indian Affairs. I
Mr. HOUSTON presented a memorial of the i
Swan Creek and Black Iliver Chippewa Indians, ■
praying for additional compensation for lands !
ceded to the United States under the treaty of'
May 9,1836; which was referred to the Commit-
tee 6n Indian Affairs.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of a com-
mittee of residents of the southern end of New !
Jersey avenue, praying for an appropriation for (
widening the bridge over the canal at the inter-'
section of Virginia avenue with New Jersey ave-
nue, and the extension of the gas lights on New
Jersey avenue; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District Columbia.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was ;
OrcTeret?, That IViUiam 51. Ellis hav:: leave to withdraw
lus petition and papyri.
Mr.-WILSON* I move that the Secretary be 1
directed to request the Court of Claims to return ,
to the Senate the papers relating to the claim of
Michael Hansen's representatives.
Mr. SLIDELL. I object to that.
Mr. WILSON. If objection be made, I sup-
pose the motion must go overuntii to-morrow.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. IVERSON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Richard W. Clarke, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (8. No. 321) for the relief of R.
W. Clarke. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Mrs. \nn P. Der-
rick, subm tted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 325) for the relief of Mrs. Ann P. Derrick,
widow of W. S. Derrick. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Walter James for
compensation for a horse lost while employed in
transport'na; baggage and munitions of war in
1812, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to
He also, from the fame committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Barnstable
county, Massachusetts, praying to be allowed
bounty land for military services during; the war
of 1832, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
miiiee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 321) mak-
ing an appropriation for deepening the channel
over the St. Clair fiats, in the State of Michigan;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. JONES asked, e.nd by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. U'22)
for the relief of purcha«"rs of public land witlnn
the timoer reserve opposite Fuit ICcrny> en J for
the settlers within the Winnebago agency iewi-
vation, the Fort Atkinson reservation, and the tim-
ber reserve oppositeFortCrawford,all in the State
of Iowa; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEBASTIAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, Wave to introduce a bill (S. No.
S~3) to confirm the sale of the reservation held by
the Christian Indians, and toprovide a permanent
home for said Indians; wlucn was read twico by
its title, and referred to the Committee ou Indian
Affairs.
DEPARTMENTAL PRINTING.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resoleei, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire and report what difference, if any, has been found
to exist in the punting and binding (including the quality of
paper, style of printing, cost, &c.) for the several Depart-
ments of the Government, since the control of such work
was transferred from the heads of Departments to the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing.
removal of mr. evans's remains.
Mr, HUNTER submitted the following reso-
lution; whiph was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved* That tti^ expenses of the transportation of the
remains of'tho late Hon. Josuah J. Evans, to South Caio-
Una, and of the otucora of the Senate accompanying them,
be paid out-of the contingent fund of the Senate^ under the
direction of the Committee of Arrangements.
EMPLOYES OF THE SENATE.
Mr. GREEN submitted the following resolu-
tion; and asked for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
pay to file employes of the Senate who did not receive the
same at trie iitit session of Congiess, the same compensa-
tion, respective!v, that was allowed to the employ^* of the
House of K/'presontauvH}8, by a resolution of the House 01
Representatives of *2d March, 1857.
Mr. SLIDELL objecting to the consideration
of the resolution, it lies over under the rales.
SAN FRANCISCO POST OFFICE.
Mr.BPvODERICKsabmittedthe following pre-
amble and resolution, and asked for its immedi-
ate consideration:
"Wbeioas, there has been charged to the Oovernment up
totjuite recently,the sum cf SjIS.lXK) perauiiem lor tho uat
of tno build tug occup ed as a po.-t office at riau
and whereas, lame sumsol' money h.ivc boe.j i z.,d tioni
■ the rent or the lob;>y oi saui po.-t office, which sum-', it is
gcneiailv reported, amounted to &ooie seven tUou:-'ind doj-
iar? per annum ; and v/acroa*. nostaia&tei'j are icqutied by
law to mike reiurn, under o.itb, of all sums by thorn col-
lected ; and are pro'iabited from retaining, m the aggregate,
more thinpor year, k,i,jclP'hiigeaiary. eoinimstionp,
boxes, and aii o;her peKjiu iie^, and emoluments of
any name or character whatsoever
E.C That the Po^mM-ter General be leque^tedto
inform the Senate whet'.u any sums, and if so. what ?ums
have been reunited bv the poctma&tei of San iVuirjseo, as
refits received lor the tw  or the post office lobby, from Juiy
1st, 18.34, to Dccemb?i 31, 1657.
And wncreii-, tlieic was placed on the files of the Tost
Office Department, m Api'.i, 1807, specific charge*, duly
sworn to, ol mai?oa--aQce in oihee, of .i-glpet o. ofn.-ial
duty, and of Violations not only of the law-, bat aisoofthc
legulation-i of thePo^tOfiiee Department, on V'c part o; the
po=>tma^rer at San rranei.-co—whieli .-aid chaises a>o sub-
>tantiafid by the ^woin testimony of «o;ne rhntvor lorry
witnesses—a cop> of the leading features of which testi-
mony was al^o plae^i on Hie at the j-Pme time ; and wuejeas,
in February ii:-t, ot> cr evid"i ce, duly sworn le—chaining
tne San Francisco po-4mri;;er with oilier act3 ofmoi'easaneo
in office—wa-s p'aeed upon the rile-? of the Po<-t OCice Do-
parnncn'", aed wiieieas. the Iarr, winch ks manaatoi v. >a>s :
Tbo Po.-unastcr Geneial shall pioeccute oiftin^s agamst
the Po,t Offic! estabh-hmentTherefore,
Resolved > That the I'ostrnastor General be directed to fur
nish thy Senate with, a statement showmq the nattite. of the
charg.;.? preierred a-jamst the postmaster of Ban Ftanci&oo,
and rho speciuc sections of the law waich it is alleged he
ha- violated, and sho vina: al>o what action, if auy, has
been taken i.r legaid to irud charge< ; and in case no action
lias hfpn taken, tha' il-c Po^trn'^ter General inionn the
Senate why the Jan* has not b?en complied with, and why
prosecution ha? not been made.
Air. BUO\V*V objecting to the consideration of
the resolution, it lies ovur under the rules.
MILITARY REPORTS.
Mr. DAVIS. I l/C^ leave to offer the following
resolution, and nc=k for its prtsent consideration:
lidjlt 1, J, Thai the ?eciemy of War be requested to com
munic.ite «-r  t'i" tfenai ' th n porN of the oflicPi^ si nt to
Europe in i833, tocolieet mfuimanon in relation to m-h'-ny
5 ;J iw \ fo • jr a-- th"> have not been heretoso:e corn nuei
t afed 5o ?iir ;jcna;p ; <«rid that hfjahocommumeatc in-- vsevv^
a-- to ihe of puh!^!nti<* ;-a,d reports foi tne u--e o'
V><; A1 my and mihpa. and if th" publication be de=nabic. the
nm.-i^er 'oi copies that would le required for the above pur-
P ;
Jt v.-3ii be recollected that three officers v/ere sent ,
13 Europe to inquire into the state of military af-
fairs, that one or" those officers reported, and his
report v.-as eonimnnic^tr-d to and printed by order
of the S*i. nato. Th" other two officers iiad not
compleMd [ijoir r^poris at the time. They have
since, I beh'-ve, completed them, and the manu-
scripts are now j i the War D-parfrncnt, The
object of thi.s resolution is to cnil for thr>e r ports
in order that they uuty bo priutcJ. I Vr.nu: th^y
will be of great use to the Army and to the militia.
I, however, have chosen to ask that question of
the Secretary of War, in order that these publi-
cations ro%ht not stand on the footing of the
much decried books printed for circulation.
The report which was published—the report of
Captain McCiellaod-rWas published by order of
the Senate. There was rather a large edition; but
a small number, of copies only was given to the
War Office. It has been circulated under the
franks of Senators; it has gone over the country;
but the Army and the militia have not been well
supplied. The work is so valuable, however, that
it is now on private sale in the city. The purpose
of this resolution is only po reach tlie other two
reports, which are on different branches of mili-
tary affairs, and which, I think, will be found of
great interest and of great value. If there be no
objection, I ask for the present consideration of
the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would ask
the Senator, if he pleases, what other reports there
are which have not been recommended. We have
already published the report of Captain McClel-
land, and I am not certain that we have notbtcn
publishing the reports of other officers.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator is very much mis-
I taken if he supposes we have published the re-
j port of any other officer who went out at that
j time. That we have published many reports, I
1 do notdoubt. Three officers went to Europe. One
I of them, Captain McClcltand, made his report,
| which was printed by order of the Senate. Th©
j report of the senior officer, Major Delafield, and
! the report of the second officer, Major Mordecai,
| have not yet been received by the Senate. The
; board was composed of an officer of engineers, an
J officer «f ordnance, and an officer of cavalry. The
j report of the cavalry officer has been published;
; the other two reports have not been. Ithmkthov
j are of great value. The men were selected wim
j much care, and admuably quaiffitd for the per-
' formance of the duty.
I have departed from the ueual form of a reso-
lution caihng for papers, by asking the Secretary
of War to communicate his opinion in relation to
the papers. If that had been done in the begin-
( ning, this vast publication of every species of
! paper th j t nnght be drawn out by any drag-net
any membrrchose to throw oat, would have been
, suppressed long ago. I have also asked him to
! state how many copies will be required for the
i us;? of the Army and militia; because it is for that
purpose I want the book published—not to be cu*-
, culated under the fia'iksof memucis of Congress
merely, for their own benefit, and thrown in the
hands of persons who may lwvcr read them, end
who certainly wiP have no use for them.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Under the ru'ea
of the Senate, whenever fb'% onswer is made, the
, subject \\i 1 be considered by the Committee on
Printing, and I think it is nothing more than prop-
, er that the resolution of the gentleman should be
allowed to pass that we may have the information
from the War Department. When we get Jt we
shall have power to look into it and see what
j ought to be done %ith it. I would, however, sug-
1 gest that the Senator amond his resolution so that
' the Secretary of War shall furnish to us no incom-
j piete report from any of these ofllens. If he con
: state, as I presume he can, that the leports he now
calls for arc complete, it will do e way with con-
siderable objection to the resolution itself.
AJc D\VIS. The reports aie compkto, so far
as the War Department is concerne-.t. The re-
port of Captain McClelland was e.nnplcf:- when
t it came in. I was a liUie surprised at the answer
■ the Scoutoi from Arkansas made to an inquiry of
; the Senator from Vc:; ont [Air. Cullami;:;] rhe
other day, that he b< h'-ved nothing was ever fin-
ished. The report of Captain McOiland was
complete when it e-un* in. It has been printed,
and gone to the pubhe. Thue is nothing moio
on that mi! j.*'r <0 ccene.
Mr. JOIiN>jON, of Arkansas. I am fsorrjr to
reiterate to tin; Senator now that I see tin* maftf r
is not complete by far, because he calls for ljuoiI
more than we liave wcetved on the same C.
Mr. DAVIS The reports of the oth' rofh ejs
who went to ICurope are called for. The ivpoit
of Cap'ain ik/i,d,as I stated, was eomoh-W
as jt v;;i; s- ,it in, and printed as -a-nt i.i. Th" re-
ports ef ;a. .-/• officrr. ;,re eomph''"'. b it c
the Senate, hy any '<rier t-> priiit mquait;
