1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
the purpose of purging the Navy of the United
S:ates of us- totten material. That bill was one
which ( i ightated with the Secretary of the Navy,
of all mm the person most conscious of the ne-
cessity of reform. That bill was passed by the
lower House by an overwhelming majority. It
was passed by the Senate, likewise, by a very
great majority. The lower House added to the
bill, a* it came from the Secretary of the Navy,
what is ordinarily termed the drop clause—that
portion of the bill which directed, notauthorized,
the board to drop from the list of the Navy not
only ail persons who were incompetent to perform
their duties, but all who had rendered themselves
incompetent by their own default. The last Ad-
mmibtiaiion organized the boaid, whose duty it
was—not to be performed or disregarded at their
pleasure—honestly and fearlessly to carry out the
provisions of that law. The last Administration,
with a discernment which, in my judgment, did
it the highest credit, selected from the officers of
the Navy a board of fifteen, as much above im-
peachment as any fifteen gentlemen who could
have been selected from the active list of the ser-
vice. These gentlemen met to discharge their
duty, and on their honor and their conscience so
discharged it that the President of the United
States, the Secretary of the Navy, and the whole
Cabinet, approved of what the board did, recom-
mended that the Senate should acquiesce in it,
and there left the matter. A great cry was raised
in the country the moment it was found how deep
the knife had gone into the materials of which the
personnel of the Navy is composed.
A great cry was raised that injustice had been
done; that men had been stricken down without
an opportunity of being heard; that small per-
sonal considerations presided at the performance
of the high duty which these gentlemen were or-
dered to perform, and which they dared not to
refuse to perform, under penalty of losing their
commissions for disobedience of orders.
The result of that clamor was, that the last Con-
gress organized, not another board of inquiry, but
a series of courts of inquiry, which proceeded ac-
cording to a different method, and which might,
therefore, naturally be supposed likely to reach
a different conclusion. The first board was an
administrative board, and proceeded according
to an administrative method—not concluding the
case of any man by its judgment, but simply in-
tended toad vise the Administration,on theirhonor
as gentlemen, and by their knowledge as oiliceis,
of what it was proper for the President to do in
the premises. That board added no power to the
President's existing authority. He already had
the power, at his mere will and pleasure, to strike
from the active list of the Navy any officer whom
he saw fit. The only operation of that bill was
to relieve the exercise of high executive discretion
of its harshest features; to provide a salary tor
those who might thus be removed from the active
list; to secure to meritorious men who, without
their own fault, were no longer competent to per-
form their duties, an honoiable retired pension,
on which they might live respectably and com-
fortably the remainder of thejr lives, though no
longer competent to discharge their duties as
active officers.
That board proceeded in an administrative and
not in a judicial method. It proceeded as the
President proceeds when he makes appointments,
and when he removes from office: not by sum-
moning witnesses, not by the formalities ot plead-
ing, not with all the forms of judicial procedure,
but upon the knowledge of the men who have to
pass judgment, on that bestofall knowledge—the
knowledge of men of the piofession, of the stand-
ing, the ability, the character, and the fitness of
the men of their own profession.
The men composing this board were called by
law to advise the President, and give him the
knowledge which he could not otherwise have, in
order that upon theiradvice, just as to-day on the
advice and consent of the Senate, the President
makes appointments wiihouta judicial investiga-
tion of the facts. So here, on the advice of this
board, who knew their brother officers, the Pres-
ident might removefrom theactivelist those whom
they nu^ht advise, and whom he, on his own
knowledge and on their advice, should think were
incompetent to discharge their high duties to their
country.
That, sir, was the theory of that board in its
original inception. That was the high purpose
which it was intended to accomplish, and in my
judgment, that was the purpose that it did, with
perfect honesty and peifect uprightness, and with
great efficiency accomplished. It accomplished
it in the judgment of the Administration, for they
confirmed the proceedings of the board, and re-
moved from the active list all the officers whom the
board recommended should be removed. That
board removed no responsibility from the last Ad-
ministration. The board afloidcd them the ben-
efit of the experience of naval officers of high grade
and low grade, and it was upon their advice that
the Government acted, and not upon their judg-
ment.
It is these proceedings which have called down
upon the heads of the late naval board so much
vituperation in Congress and out of it; whenprop-
erly, if it belonged anywhere, it belonged to the
Administration which sanctioned their proceed-
ings—to the President, who removed from the
active list; to the Secretary of the Navy, who ad-
vised to remove from the active list, men whom
the board simply said ought to be removed.
There is no ground for the imputation of Star-
Chamber proceedings on these gentlemen. They
did what the law directed them to do. The law
did notdirect them to call witnesses; the law gave
them no coercive process of law required in the
examination of witnesses; the law required no
record to be kept; it simply required, as has been
required more than once in the history of the coun-
try before, when it was necessary to reduce the
Army, and to reduce the Navy, that officers of
high grade should advise the President, and that
the President should act or not act upon theirad-
vice. as he should see fit.
The last Congress thought it was an unjust
mode of procedure, and it passed a bill to remedy
the evil. Whether it has remedied then or not,
only the future can determine. I rather think that
Administration will have a giave account to settle
with the country which shall place over any
American fleet, m lime of war, any man whom
these fifteen officers of the Navy, confirmed by
the Cabinet and ratified by the President, have
paid was unfit to discharge the duties of active
service. I rather think any Administration that
shall commit the honor of the United States, the-
lives of her sailors, the safety of the country, and
the protection of our commerce to any man who
stands so condemned, will have a heavy respons-
ibility to incur. It will require the spirit of u
bold man to encounter the clamor that will be
raised against that Administration under the au-
spices of which the flag of our country shall go
down in dishonor upon the ocean under the charge
of any man who was found deficient by that board.
The lust Congress has authorized the Administra-
tion to placcltself m a position to encounter that
responsibility. Sir, it was not by my vote.
But now we are called upon to go a step further.
We have given an opportunity of restoring to
the active list of the Navy, men whom fifteen of
their compeeis, the President and his Admin-
istration, have said were unfit for active service;
not by any means because of their individual
personal characters; not by any means because
they were dishonorable men; not because there
was any taint upon them of any kind—with-
out the assignment of a reason; some because
of progress of age, some because of premature
infirmity, some, it may be, for iack of official
training, but in all cases without assigning a rea-
son, leaving it m every case to the charitable in-
ferences of the country to judge. But, sir, tins
House and the Senate have determined that that
proceeding should not rest there, but that the men
so removed should have an opportunity of being
heard by their counsel, should be heard by evi-
dence as to whether they were fit to command a
ship m time of war or not. What was the re-
sult? Has the result of that inquiry justified the
clamor on which the bill of the last "Congress was
passed ?
The courts organized by the last act have not
reinstated, I believe, one fourth of the men who
were removed from the active list. Well, sir, if
one will investigate the number of judgments in a
court of appeals that are reversed, and compare
that with the number of judgments passed by an v
lower tribunal, they will find that the courts of
inquiiy have not changed the findings of the naval
board in anything like the proportion of instances
in which a court of appeals reverses the judg-
ments of the inferior courts. The one pursuing
judicial methods has confirmed the other pursu-
ing administrative methods m agreater proportion
than ordinary courts of appeal confirm the judg-
ments of inferior tribunals proceeding by the same
method. 1 say that no results could come out
more honorable to the gentlemen who formed that
naval board than these results from the courts
of inquiry. Then there is no ground for the im-
putation that it was a Star-Chamber proceeding;
that unworthy motives actuated the gentlemen of
the naval board, that men were stricken down
without an opportunity of defense. It shows the
eminent propriety of that mode of aiding the Ad-
ministration by an administrative tribunal, with
the free advice of gentlemen of high rank in their
profession, to help them in the performance of an
administrative act purging the Navy of material
which, from one cause or another, was incompe-
tent to discharge its duty.
What have the courts of inquiry done? They
have shifted some of the officers who had been
put upon the furlough list to the leave-of-absence
list, and they have restored to the active list a
small proportion only of those who were removed
from it. The great mass of those who fell under
the decision of the President, the Cabinet, and
the board, rest where they were. They rest there
either by their own judgment in not having sought
a reversal of the decision of the naval board, or
by the judgment of the courts of inquiry, which,
on their application, have refused to restore them
to the active list. The proposition now before
this House is not only to disregard the judgment
of the naval board, the Administration, and the
former Cabinet, but likewise to disregard the judg-
ment of those gentlemen upon themselves—to dis-
regard the judgment of the courts of inquiry, and
to refer again to the President to take out of thcs s
thrice condemned men who shall be placed aga>n
in high command in the Navy of the United
States. I have not one word to say against the,
officers who have been so unfortunate as not to
have obtained a favorable report from the courts
of inquiry. There are many of them gentlemen
of high position, high standing, and fair ability.
They may be all of them men of the highest
character, for aught I know; but we are not here,
Mr. Speaker, dealing with matters which are to
be decided by our private sympathies. We arc
now placing in the hands of the Administiation
a power to put men in high command who have ^
been determined by two successive tribunals, or-
ganized in two different methods, or by their own
judgment upon themselves, to be unfit for that
command to which we are to restore them. I may
have every confidence in the judgment and the
wisdom of the Administration. I have some con-
fidence likewise in my own judgment, and I have
some respect for my own responsibility.
Mr. SEWAPvD. I will inquire of the gentle-
man from Maryland whether, in the absence of
this legislation, the President, under the Consti-
tution of the United States, has not the right to
restore any or all of these men ?
Mr.SMITH, of Virginia. Why, then, the use
of this legislation ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If he have that
power, he will do it without a vote of the House
of Representatives sanctioning it.
Mr*. SEWARD. That is not answering my
question. Does not the President possess that
power r
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I cannot answer,
that question, because I have not examined the
law minutely. It is possible that he may have
the power. My impression is that he has not the
power. He can appoint anybody that he chooses
as an original appointment, but he cannot rein-
state these men in their original rank without, I
presume, affirmative legislation on the part of
Congress, unless they go through the formality
of an appointment de novo.
Mr. SEWARD Of course.
Mr DAVIS, of Maryland. It is not at alt
likely that any President is going to take men,
who stand thus condemned, and appoint them to
their respective grades and to their former rank,
unless he shall have the sanction of both Houses
of Congress for violating the oidinary rules of ap-
pointment. So, whatever the law may be, it still
comes, Mr. Speaker, to this: that they will rest
where they are unless we incite the Administra-
