932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
tion by authorizing: the President to do it, unless |
wegive the Administration our opinion that it is a 1
thing which it may be right to do. And for my j
single self, whatever confidence and respect I may j
have for the Administration, i will not remove any j
obstacle against the reinstatement of gentlemen j
who have been found incompetent for the dis- i
charge of their duties by a succession of inquiries, |
such as they have been submitted to. I am un- i
willing to take nfy share of the small, remote, con- |
tingent responsibility of having hereafter, when j
some great naval disaster shall have befallen us, |
and some great dishonor shall have marked the
American name, any man point to my vote here
and say, " you, sir, authorized the Administra-
tion to place that man in high command, who has
now brought down death and destruction upon
your fellow-citizens and a stain upon the hitherto
untarnished honor of the American name." If
other gentiemen are willing to act to that extent,
be the responsibility theirs.
I only desire, in these few words, to enter my
protest against the proceeding; to show wherein
injustice has been done to as honorable a body of
men as ever met under any order of the naval ser-
vice; and to show how completely the findings
of the courts of inquiry, under a different form of
process, has been to confirm the general propriety
of their proceedings; and also, to enter my pro-
test against this dangerous precedent of allowing
the President to restore men that three several
courts of investigation have pronounced to be in-
competent to discharge their duties.
Mr. MILES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in
favor of the resolution which is pending before
this House. In common with the whole country,
1 have watched the proceedings of the courts of j
inquiry with deep interest, and a close and exact- ,
ing scrutiny. I have not felt prepared, as, per- ]
haps, few of us have, to pronounce upon every
case that came before these courts; but I have felt
prepared, I feci prepared now, to show that the
findings of these courts are in some instances ab-
solutely repugnant to every sense of justice and
fair dealing. But 1 will say in advance that I ut-
terly repudiate any intention or disposition to re-
flect upon the character of either of these naval
courts of inquiry. I have no doubt, sir, that they
were composed of high-minded, honorable gen-
tlemen, and most efficient officers. For the pres-
ident of the first board I have the deepest and
strongest personal regard. I am proud of him,
sir, as a citizen of my own State, and, in some
sense, one of my immediate constituents. With-
out any special knowledge of the character of the
individuals composing the board generally, I have
no hesitation in saying that I believe they were
actuated by pure, patriotic, and conscientious
motives. But,sir, " to err is human." Nocourt
can be so constituted that its judgment shall be
infallible. And to say that any tribunal is to pro-
nounce definitively upon that which is to stamp
the character of a man, to fix a blot upon the rep-
utation of an officer in a distinguished arm of
the public service, is to assign it more power than
I am willing to grant to any court, however com-
posed or constituted. Sir, the meanest criminal
who receives the sentence of a judge, may yet
look to executive clemency; may yet look to the
pardoning power which all constitutions and the
laws of all civilized nations have vested some-
where, if not for justice, at least, that it shall be
tempered with mercy, if the particular case calls
for mercy.
a But, sir, where is the mercy that these boards
have shown? I will not go into particulars, for
there would be no propriety, at this time and in
this place, in doing so; but I know, and other
gentlemen around me know, of cases in which men
have been stricken from the roll of honorable ser-
vice without, as the gentleman from Adaryland
[Mr. Davis] has well said, any taint, any imputa-
tion upon their character, but where they have
been left to go down to the grave with the gnaw-
ing consciousness thatthefingerof scorn is pointed
at them, and that they cannot stand out in the
light of God's day either to disprove or to have
proof of the charges against them.
Sir,is not this true ? Is it not known to many
honorable gentlemen upon this floor? The gen-
tleman from Maryland spoke feelingly about the
delicate task of committing the honor of the Amer-
ican flag to the hands of those who have been
pronounced by th«ir brother officers incompetent
and unworthy to uphold it. Sir, does the history
of our Navy, does the history of our Army, show
that on any field either branch of the service has
ever been found wanting ? Show me the record
that goes to prove that our Navy has ever been
found unequal to grapple with any foe.
I have now in my mind's eye a distinguished
officer whom the action of this board has removed
from his proper rank and position, who won
laurels, great and lasting, only a very short time
before the board pronounced upon his case, an of-
ficer, who, for his gallantry—and that not simply
gallantry displayed against a national enemy, but
gallantry displayed in defense of humanity, gal-
lantry shown in fighting against a common foe of
humanity—who, for his brave deed in sweeping
from the waters a horde of pirates, ten times more
numerous than his own force, has received the
thanks of three of the great Powers of the world,
and has had the highest honors that they could
offer tendered to him. And yet, sir, he,was re-
moved from the Navy, which he had adorned: and
for what ? We cannot learn from the first board for
what cause any one removal took place; for they
met here in secret conclave, with no stenographer
to take down the proceedings, with no journal in
which they were to be preserved; but without rec-
ord, and without note or comment, they came to
their conclusions. But when the second board,
giving up something to the public sentiment and to
public opinion, and in accordance with the recog-
nized feeling of the civilized world in favor of fair
play, just dealing, and an open trial,arrayed the
facts and the witnesses before us, what do we find
was the black record which was to wipe out the
brilliant services of that officer? That, upon two
occasions, he yielded to over-indulgence, and was
overcome by wine! Sir, I, perhaps, might be
considered by many, in this age of temperance
societies, and other isms, lax m my notions. I
know not. I hope I have as proper a horror as
any one of the bestiality which would degrade a
man from his noble prerogatives as a rational
being, and approximate him to the brute; still less
would I overlook it in one in high office, occu-
pying a responsible and honorable position; but,
sir, ] would be the last to say here openly to the
world that I would deprive a gallant soldier or
sailor of his position and of his bread, or what is
far dearer than these, his honor, because he may
have indulged in an occasional weakness. It is
too nnjust, too harsh, to be justified gravely by
reasonable men.
Now, sir, what does this resolution propose?
It simply proposes to vest in the President that
executive clemency which, as I said before, the
meanest malefactor under all laws is entitled to
hope for. It does not propose to instruct the
President; it does not propose to hamper or em-
barrass him in any way. It is simply to enable
him to do an act of justice; or it may perchance
be, in some particular cases, an act of mercy.
Are we prepared, gentlemen, to say that our
Navy is in so rotten a condition, so unsound to
the core, that an operation so terrible as this must
be performed—that we are to lop off, limb after
limb, even those that have given strong and sturdy
and hearty blows for the honor of the country?
Are we prepared to say that, it is in such a condi-
tion that this is its only hope of cure, its only
chance of salvation? I, for one, am not prepared
to say it. Without any professional or technical
knowledge of the Navy, I, as an American citi-
zen, feel too proud of our Navy, too well assured
that it will on every occasion be found equal to
any emergency, to believe that it is necessary to
resort to measures so extreme, and working, as
I believe, in many cases, such individual injus-
tice. No, sir; though our Navy may have inef-
ficient officers, though it may have men who have
grown gray and decrepit m the service, and who
are entitled to be put gently aside without re-
proach; though there may be, moreover, men in
it who have faults and vices which in some de-
gree may impair their individual efficiency, I still
believe that it is composed of men as brave and
as good seamen, as intelligent and patriotic, as
the navy of any country upon the face of the
earth.
I do not believe that it is necessary to its effi-
ciency to resort to a method which has not been
found necessary before in any civilized country.
I believe the true method of purging the Navy, and
of rendering it absolutely efficient, is that those
who have the guidance and direction of it should
give it such duties to perform, should use its dis-
cretion so as to sift it and show up those officers
who were unequal to their work, and those who
were equal to it The deficiencies and short-com-
ings of officers would be thus exhibited before the
country, and it would be published to the world
that, for such and such reasons, these men were
punished. But let us not strike in the dark. I
cannot agree with the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis.] His notions and mine differ very
materially on that particular point. I cannot be-
lieve in secret associationslor secret bodies, that
may use the weapon of destruction without the
one assailed knowing exactly from what quarter
the assault comes. I believe that everything that
the public good demands can be done by freemen,
openly and manfully, in the face of day, and with-
out the necessity of any concealment.
With regard to the particular point, whether
authority to replace these officers is vested in the
President, I would say that, so far as I could learn,
it is not considered merely a doubtful point. As
I understand, the conclusion that has been come
to, after deliberate consultation and thorough in-
vestigation, is, that he has not the power. Hence
this resolution is not supererogatory. It is one
that is absolutely called for. Believing that this
action ought to be taken, that the resolution is a
just one, and an absolutely necessary one, I shall
support it with all my heart.
Mr. CHAPMAN. The honorable gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Davis] has passed a high
panegyric on the members of the board. Against 1
these gentlemen, personally, I have nothing to
say. They may be all honorable mett and gal-
lant officers. I will not charge them, as they have
been charged in other places, with having, pre-
viously to their organization, engaged in a con-
spiracy to strike from the roll officers whose dis-
tinguished merit they envied. I will not charge
them with corruption; but I will say that they were
surrounded by influences of the most dangerous
character, utterly at war with everything like fair
dealing; and if their action were allowed to oper-
ate, it would result in nothing else than wrong.
There was not a man among them against whom
a cause of challenge did not exist, sufficient to
force from the panel any juror in any court in the
country.
In the first place, they constituted a tribunal
whichdecided the cases of its own members; and,
although under the regulation prescribed by the
Secretary of the-Navy, an officer did not sit pre-
cisely on his own case, still, by sections, they
determined the cases of one another. And, be-
sides, they were directly and immediately inter-
ested in the decisions that they gave, for whatever
vacancy was created by disrating a senior officer,
was filled from among those who were left. When
CaptainsStewart, Read,Zantzinger, Ramsay,and
others, were disrated, those who were left were
advanced. Consequently these judges were ben-
efited by every vacancy that was created. They
must have been more than human to have been
above and beyond the reach of the temptation to
do wron£. There is not a judge in the country
who would for a moment occupy his place on the
bench if he discovers that he has an interest in
the event of the suit. He will either retire from
it, or will change the venue. And there is not a
juror that will be allowed for a moment to sit in
the box if it be discovered that he has an interest
in the event of the suit.
But, aside from the objections that might be
urged against the constitution of that tribunal,
there are objections of still more force to be raised
against the manner in which the trials were con-
ducted. In no country, save where the darkest
despotism has extinguished every impulse of gen-
erous men, can a parallel be found for it. When
and where, before, has a man been tried without
a summons, without a hearing, and even without
the chance of'being heard, and with the cause of
hiscondemnationforeversmothered? And when
we remember that there were some seven hundred
cases to be investigated by that board, and that
but six weeks were occupied in the investigation;
and when we find, making even a liberal allow-
ance for working hours each day, that but a few
minutes could have been appropriated to each case,
we need not wonder at the havoc that has been
made.
But, sir, the great and overwhelming condem-
