2018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Mr. CHiLNDLER. I will state the reason
why this claim has not been acted upon, Mr.
Moors, I have known personally for many years.
He was a very worthy, industrious, good me-
chanic. His loss upon this light-house alone im-
poverished him. He was not able to come here
and prosecute his claim. He intrusted it to Gen-
eral Cass, my predecessor, and to different mem-
bers of the other House. As the Senator from
Maine says, it has been seesawing between the
two Houses, I cannot tell how many times. This
identical bill has passed the Senate two or three
times, and as many times has passed through the
other House. To send this claim to the Court of
Claims is equivalent to sayinjg to the man, you
shall have no justice from this Government, for
he is not able to prosecute the claim. He was im-
poverished by this very misfortune. I hope that
this honest, just, proven claim will be no longer
deferred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Georgia, to refer
this case to the Court of Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN. I" want simply to say that on
looking at the papers I find that so early as 1832,
the claimant commenced the prosecution of this
claim. The work was done in 3831.
Mr. STUART. This claim has been before
Congress ever since I have been a member of it,
and has passed one House or the other several
times. The committee that now reports it is a
committee of which the honorable Senator from
Georgia is a member—the Committee on Com-
merce. If he has any doubt about this claim, and
wishes to examine it himself as a member of the
committee, I have no objection to giving him an
opportunity to do so. I am certain that this me-
morialist has pressed his claim from the time he had
an opportunity to do so down to to-day, with as
much vigilance as any man could. I have exam-
ined it myself twice, once whilst I was a member
of the Committee on Commerce; and I think if
the Senator from Georgia will examine the pa-
pers in the case, he will be satisfied that there is
no fault on the part of the memorialist. I hope
that the paper alluded to by the Senator from
Maine will be presented to the Senate, so that it
will be seen that this is not an old claim hatched
up now.
Mr. TOOMBS. The facts stated by gentlemen
around me, the advocates of the bill, furnish the
most conclusive evidence of the necessity of the
action which I propose. The Senator who re-
ported the bill from the Committee on Commerce
says the case has been here for ten or fifteen years.
I am a member of that committee, but I never
heard of it there; probably this was owing to my
own neglect, but that is the fact. He now turns
to some paper and says it was presented the year
after the work was done. The Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Chaxdler,] who is the earnest advo-
cate of this bill, says the reason why the claimant
did not come here was that he was too poor. It
seems by the other statement that he did come.
Mr. CHAXDLER. Too poor to be here m
person.
Mr. TOOMBS. I no not know that that is
necessary. I do not presume that there is a single
man of any State, who has a just claim, whose
Senators or Representatives will not present it to
Congress, and attend to it for him. Itis the busi-
ness of every one who represents the people to do
so; and I have no doubt it is the pleasure uf every
gentleman to do so. I would not only present
them from my own State, but from any State. If
any man sent his claim here with the evidence, I
should deem it my duty to give him that just at-
tention to which he was entitled, no matter what
part of the Republic he might come from; and I
am sure this is the rule of all the members of the
Senate and House of Representatives. No mat-
ter in what portion of the Republic, or in what
other country petitioners may live, it is our duty
to present their claims, and I am sure it is done by
all of us here.
The claim beingalegal claim, and according to
the papeis a just claim, if the facts be as alleged,
it could be judicially determined. The cost of
doing so is very small. The amount of the claim
is large. Any one who has a justclaim for $1,8110
could have the best counsel in the country to at-
tend to it. We have determined, on account of
these very difficulties, to refer the cases that
stand on this basis to the Court of Claims. Why
bring in a portion from Committees on Claims, or
Committees on Commerce, or Committees on
Military Affairs ? I believe that nine tenths of
the cases which the Senate is continually pressed
to consider, to the omission of the general public
business, come legitimately and expressly within :
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims; and often- j
times they are fraudulent, and brought here be- j
cause a committee is necessarily an easier place
than a court. Refer it to my committee, and I
must necessarily take ex parte evidence. I am not
in a condition to look out and get evidence on the
other side. That is the very reason we estab-
lished the court—mainly to get the facts on both
sides.
I have heard gentlemen frequently complain
that the objects of this court were defeated. One
class desire that we should make its judgment
always conclusive, or they say it is no court. The
object of the court is explicit. It answers it
wisely and well. The Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives can overturn its judgment; and then
it is no judgment. Does that make it any the less
a court? If that is the case, there is no court in
England; for one branch of Parliament can over-
turn the Clueen's Bench. In the State of New
York, for many years, one branch of the Legis-
lature could overturn the judicial opinions of all
her courts. Probably it is so now. I know it
was some years ago, when I was more intimately
acquainted" with the practice. This is a court
whose judgment may be reversed by the legisla-
tive department. That is all it ought to be, and
ever can be. This case should go there as not
only a ca3e expressly within their jurisdiction;
but for the purpose of enabling Congress to act
with certainty on all the facts, we have a right,
as a distinct head of jurisdiction, to refer to the
Court of Claims when we are doubtful as to the
facts. Every Senator knows it is impossible to ,
get at them by committees in mnety-mne cases
outof a hundred; particularly when matters hap- j
pen in pais, at places remote from the seat of Gov- I
ernment, twenty-five years back. It is very re-
markable that this man should have been here j
j twenty-five years ago, and never got his claim i
I through. Very probably at that time other peo- j
I pie knew something about it. The Secretary of i
j the Treasury knew all about it. The officers of j
I the Government knew something about it. They j
j have passed away in this quarter of a century, i
1 Where are they to-day? Tne claimant comes |
I here to-day with this ex parte statement, and asks j
the Senate to pass it. It is bad as a principle; it I
is bad as a precedent; and the Senate ought not j
to allow it.
Mr. STUART. I am not disposed to discuss
the principles of action of the Court of Claims, or
the propriety of their decisions; for I do not think
it is at all involved in this case. This is a case i
which has from time to time received the favor- j
able action of Congress; and I think I can state, '
in a few words, why, without the action of Con- :
gress, this man cannot get his pay. i
This man entered into a contract to complete a J
light-house, and until he has completed it he has :
no legal right of action. If he had completed the |
light-house, he could have gone to the Treasury I
Department, shown his evidence, and taken his [
pay; but not having completed the light-house, j
he cannot thus get his pay. I agree that if this j
were a case between individuals, it would be  
equivalent to a performance on the part of the con- ;
tractor, to show that the performance was pre- j
vented by the bad selection of the other's agents, j
and by the elements. It would give him a right j
to recover, under a quantum meruit, not the eon- \
tract price, but a fair compensation for what he '
had done; but he has no such right here. If ;i
he goes to the Court of Claims, and that court !
holds that they will decide only what is the law of, j
the case, it will be reported back here a failure; j
they could not decide in his favor. It presents
itself now to the equity of Congress, as it would
present itself to a jury, if it were a case between ,,
individuals—not that the man has performed his ^
contract—-it is not pretended; but that he has done |
everything in his power to perform it; that he has l|
been prevented by the elements, and in conse- ,j
quence of an injudicious selection by the officer of jj
the Government. The papers state that the ex- fj
perience of the Government, ascertained in con- j]
sequence of this injudicious selection, induced jj
them, when they rebuilt the light-house, to go ,
further back on a higher ground, which was per-
manent, and was secure against the action of the
lakes.
The case is indisputable, and it is undisputed.
I humbly submit to the Senate and to the consid-
eration of my honorable friend from Georgia that,
if the facts he supposes be true, and I cannot say
whether they are or are not, they constitute a
reason why the Senate should not send the case to
the Court of Claims. If it be true that witnesses
are dead; that this man, having done this work
in 1831, applied for compensation in 1832, and
that in the mean time the witnesses are dead, so
that he cannot now make his full proof in a court
upon a new case, as he has been able to make in
this case, it presents a conclusive reason why it
should not be sent to the court. This man is an
entire stranger to me. True, he is a constituent
of mine; but personally 1 have no knowledge of
him, though I have had a personal knowledge of
the case for years; and, as stated by my colleague,
I remember that General Cass, my late distin-
guished colleague, being more immediately in the
vicinity of this claimant, took a great interest in
the case, examined it, had it presented to the com-
mittee, and, when the bill was before the Senate,
had it passed so far as his personal efforts could
go. He was conversant with the witnesses and
the facts, and so stated here. But we all know
that, when a case goes to the House of Repre-
sentatives, it is a mere question of time. If you
have time, you can pass the bill; but if the case
is not reached until the heel of the session, it is
gone; a single objection stops its passage unless
you can get a two-third vote. Thus this claim-
ant stands to-day. The papers are clear. The
report of two committees of the Senate have been
made on it, which have been read—the report of
the Senate committee of 1855, indorsed by the
committee of the present session; and of which
committee, as 1 stated, the honorable Senator
from Georgia is a member. I hope lie did not
understand me as charging him with being negli-
gent of his duties, because I did not mean to allege
any such thing. I certainly disavow anything
of that sort, I only stated that he was a member
of the committee, and that, if as a member of the
committee he wished an examination of the case
himself, I should not object to it; I should think it
due to him, and should agree to it, because I am
satisfied, that the more this case is examined, the
more it will address itself to the equitable and
just consideration of the Senate.
This is one of those clear cases which are indis-
putable. The man cannot get his money at the
Treasury, because there he must show a compli-
ance with the contract. My impiession is—I do
not like to speak with much confidence, though I
find the honorable Senator from Vermont [Air.
Collamer] agrees with me—that, if we send him
to the Court of Claims, he will be obliged there to
show a compliance with his contract. But, how-
ever that may be, it is a case which began here
long before the Court of Claims began. It is a
ease which, upon the facts, has never been dis-
puted; there have been no adverse reports; it has
been favorably considered; and I do trust this
man, if he be poor, as my colleague says, will not
be sent to the Court of Claims, where it will cost
him half or two thirds of the whole claim to get
his case tried.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator from Mich-
igan who was last up mentioned my name, and
that is my excuse for saying a word. It seems to
me that, whether this man succeeds in the Court
of Claims or notwilldependon certain facts which
do not yet appear. If the place of location for the
building of this light-house was fixed upon to
begin with, and the man made his contract to build
alight-house in that place, and after he put up his
tower a violent storm demolished it, and the cir-
cumstances were such that the officers of the Gov-
ernment, as well as the contractor, became satis-
fied that one could not be made to stand in that
place at all, and they went on higher ground, to
a safer place, to build the house with the mate-
rials they took from this one—under suchastaif
of circumstances, it would seem to me that the
man would not have a legal claim. If he under-
took to build and finish a light-house in a partic-
ular place, he knowing the place, the chances of
exposure to storm would be all at his own risk.
It would be the risk of the Government whether
it would stand there after he had got it done; but
