1858.
the congressional globe.
it would be his own risk whether he could com-
plete it. The interpositions of the orderings of
Providence would be matters of his own risk while
he was building it, and the risk of the Govern-
ment after he finished.
Such, I think, would be the legal effect; but if
the Government made an agreement with him, a
contract to build a light-house on a particular isl-
and, and they selected the place for him to build
it on, he not knowing the particular place at the
time of the contract,and they selected such a place
that it could not be built there, or could not stand
there after it was built when a storm came on—
in that case the man would have a legal claim for
a quantum meruit for the amount which he laid
out, which was lost by the injudicious selection
of the Government. How that was in point of
fact in this instance, I do not know.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is stated in the report that
the Government made a contract and selected the
place.
Mr. STUART. That is always done. Con-
gress makes an appropriation to build a light-
house ata particular place. A contract is entered
into to build a light-house at that place. Then
the United States officer goes and selects the spot,
after the contract is made, on which to put it
Mr. COLLAMER. I have stated my distinc-
tion in that respect. If the selection was made
after the contract was entered into and made by
the Government, I agree in that case with the Sen-
ator from Georgia; but if it was the other way,
if he contracted to build it on a spot which was
selected at the time of the contract, that being part
of the contract, he would have no legal claim.
Mr. TOOMBS. It was exactly that state of
facts stated in the report on which I based my
opinion. The report states that he made a con-
tract and then the Government agent went and
selected the place.
Mr. COLLAMER. If that was the order of
events, I agree in opinion with the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, that it is a good legal claim.
Mr. PUGH. I concur in the views expressed
by the Senator from Vermont, as to the law of
the case, and I dissent from the law as expressed
in the report. It seems to me the strangest prop-
osition that the Government of the United States
.is the insurer of a house in the hands of a con-
tractor up to the time it is finished. It is his house
until we accept it; and if this is the act of God,
without any fault of either party, it is his loss
and not ours. If it were brought forward as a
claim on our generosity, I might listen to it, but
the report states it as a legal claim. But even if
it be an equitable claim, as the Senator from Mich-
igan thinks, the Courtof Claims has jurisdiction.
As the Senator from Georgia has truly said, it is
a separate head of jurisdiction in that court to ex-
amine any claim referred to it by either House of
Congress. It makes no difference whether it is a
legal claim or equitable claim; it is a complete head
of jurisdiction in the court itself, and it can inves-
tigate the case much better than we can. For
these reasons I shall vote for the reference.
Mr. HAMLIN. These papers were originally
submitted to Mr. Louis McLane, while he was
Secretary of the Treasury; and after an examin-
ation of the matter they were transmitted to the
House of Representatives by the Delegate from
Michigan Territory at that time; and here is what
the Secretary said then:
Treasury Departmext, February 27,1832.
Sir: I have the honor to return the papers transmitted by
you to this Department on the subject of the light-houses at
Chicago, and outer Thunder Bay Island, in the Territory of
Michigan. The eontract not having been fulfilled, the relief
sought for by the contractors can only be obtained through
the interposition of Congress. The reports of the Fifth Au-
ditor, and of the collector at Michilimackinac are also in-
closed.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, LOUIS Me LANE,
Secretary of the Treasury,
Hon. A. E. WlN«, House of Representatives.
The Secretary himself reports the reason why
it was not allowed at the Treasury Department,
that he had no legal authority to allow it, because
it was a contract not completed. That was the
view I took of it. The Senator from Ohio says
that a case not based on law may be referred to
the Court of Claims, and they may act upon it.
Now, I understand that papers have been referred
to the court by Congress, I think at this session,
not based upon law, but upon equity, and they
have decided that they had no authority over
them, unless they were based on some preexist-
ing contract I understand that the court have
decided directly opposite to what the Senator from
Ohio says. I do not say that it is so; Ihavebeen
so told; I have not looked at the report. If that
be so, and this be nothing but an equitable claim,
based upon equity, then the court would not ad-
judicate upon it if we were to refer it to them. I
think it an equitable claim.
The question being put on the motion to refer
the case to the Court of Claims there was no quo-
rum voting. *
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IVER80N. I am in favor of the motion
made by my colleague, to refer this case to the
I Court of Claims; and the very fact that it is a dis-
I puted question here upon this floor, whether this
j is a legal or an equitable claim, is a conclusive
[ reason why it ought to go to the Court of Claims;
because we cannot decide here whether it is a legal
or an equitable claim. If the facts be as put by
the Senator from Michigan, it seems to me that
there is no doubt that the party has a legal claim,
and can have it adjudicated in the Court of Claims,
and obviate all difficulty in its passage. If the
Government agreed to give him so much money
for building the light-house, and selected the spot,
and afterwards they moved the place for the erec-
tion of the light-house, as a matter of course he
is entitled to damages for a violation of the con-
tract on the part of the Government; but whether
it be a legal or equitable claim, it ought to go to
the Court of Claims, there to be investigated on
the facts.
The Senate and House of Representatives, in
deciding these claims, have to decide upon ex parte
evidence; and one principle object of the erection
of the Court of Claims was to protect the Govern-
mentfrom an ex parte examination. One of the
principal objects of the Court of Claims was, tluu
all cases might undergo a judicial investigation,
table rights. I hope the bill may be killed at once
rather than send it to the Courtof Claims, ft is
death to him in either event. ■ , ■
The question being taken by yeas and Ays, re-
sulted—yeas 13, nays 27; as follows: r
YEAS—Messrs. Clay, Davis, Fitzpatricft, Green, Ham-
mond, Hunter, Iverson, Mason, Pearce, Push, Slide!!,
rbom=onofN«w Jersey, and Toombs—13i .
NAYS -—Messrs. Allen, Broderick, Brown, Cameron,
L-handler, Coliamer, Crittenden. Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee,
Pcssenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston,
J ohnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee. J ones, Sebas-
tiao, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wilson—27. '
So the Senate refused to refer the bill to; the
Court of Claims.
t Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend the bill
in the fourth line, by inserting after the words
" Jeremiah Moors" the words " or his legal rep-
resentatives. "
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed fdr.a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the.follow-
ing bills and joint resolutions of the Senate:
A bill (No. 286) to enlarge the Ifetroit and Sag-
inaw land districts, in Michigan;
A bill (No. 296) amendatory of an act entitled
"An act to establish two additional land districts
in the Territory of Minnesota," approved July
8, 1856;
A resolution (No. 30) to extend for a further
term the provisions of the joint resolution, ap-
proved March 10, 1858, in relation to certain
j; dropped and retired officers of the Navy;
i A resolution (No. 33) authorizing suitable ae-
("ino-nt n i1 knowledsments to be made by the President to
and that th? testimony might be so" marldXl !i £?• ?""fh "T.1 a"thorities at J™aica fo,r t!ie
that the Government would be protected8 fVom !i extended to the officers and crew of the
f.. 1 .• _ t-t
fraud and imposition. Here we have to decide
upon the ex parte testimony taken, as in this case.
We may be imposed upon by fraudulent evidence,
by forgery, by false testimony. There are various
ways in which a party may bring forward testi-
mony here, colored or forged or fraudulent, by
which he may impose on Congress; but that is
not so when he goes before the Court of Claims.
There witnesses are examined by commissioners
appointed by the court; the attorney of the party
and the attorney of the Government are both pres-
ent at the examination of witnesses, and there is
a fair and impartial mode of bringing the case
properly before the court.
It is true the Court of Claims does not. decide
on equity cases, although they may be referred
by either House of Congress. I think, in this
respect, the Court of Claims has committed an
error in refusing to decide on equity cases which
have been submitted to it by a resolution of either
House. They have decided that, in order to give
them jurisdiction, ihe case must arise upon an act
of Congress, or upon a treaty, or upon a contract,
express or implied, or upon some regulation of
an Executive Department. These are the various j
heads under which jurisdiction is given to the I
Court of Claims by the act erecting that court; I
and they have refused to give any opinion on any l| the Senate on this point, whether the special
case which depends on mere equitable consider- >j orders shall be called up at one or at twelve
ations. I think thev are wron.o-. hut. still that is H o'clock.
Mr. CLAY.
United States ship Susquehanna, disabled by yel-
low fever;
A bill (No. 300) for the relief of the Hungarian
settlers upon certain tracts of land in Iowa,,hith-
erto reserved from sale by order of the President,
dated January 22, 1855;
A bill (No. 307) to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to sell the old custom-house and site
| in Bath, Maine, and for other purposes; and
A bill (No. 313) to amend the act entitled " An
act to ascertain and settle the private land claims
in the State of California," passed March3,1851.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
biil,(H. R. No. 62) making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy for the year
ending June 30, 1859.
Also, that the House had passed a bill (H, R.
No 300) declaring the title to land warrants .in cer-
tain oases; in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
SPECIAL ORDERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. One o'clock has
been the usual hour for calling up the special
orders. Formerly, when the Senate met regularly
at eleven o'clock, twelve o'clock was the hour.
The Chair does not know what is the sense of
ations. I think they are wrong; hut still that is
the practice of the court. But how can we decide
here whether this is one of those cases or not'
The facts are all ex parte. Some gentlemen say
this is a legpl claim; some say it is an equitable
claim. Toascertain the facrs in a conclusive man-
ner, it ought to go to the Court of Claims, where j! they can be taken up.
It is understood that an hour is
devoted to the morning business.
Mr. STUART. Perhaps it would be better to
let the special orders remain at the usual hour,
because, at any time, by a vote of the Senate,
the evidence can be marshaled according to law.
Mr. CHANDLER. Whether this claim be a
legal one or not, I cannot say, not being a lawyer;
but that it is an equitable claim I can state pos-
itively. Ifany Senator will read the documents m
the hands of the committee that reported the bill,
he will be satisfied that it is equitable, whatever
its legality may be. This claimant is not able to
prosecute the claim before the Court of Claims;
and such a course would swallow up half of the
amount involved, at least,in its prosecution,and
even then itmustcome back to this House whether
it be legator equitable; and the same trouble must
agalft be a'ndertaken by him to get his just equi-
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The practice
of the Senate heretofore has been, when the hour
of meeting has been changed from twelve to eleven
o'clock, to regard the time gained as an addition
to the morning hour, and not as changing the hour
I for the special orders; and therefore I take it for
| granted that we shall go on with other business
I until one o'clock.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. It was not the pur-
pose of the Chair to call up the special orders, but
simply to bring the subject to the attention of the
Senate. If no motion be made, the Chair will re-
gard it as the sense of the Senate that he is not to
cail up the special orders until one o'clock.
