1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3043
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia, is not entitled to the floor except
by the courtesy of the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. MASON. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that the Senator from Tennessee,
some days ago moved to reconsider the vote upon
the homestead bill, and he now asks the Senate to
take up the bill for the purpose of reconsidering.
Mr JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I did not move
to take up the bill. It is a motion to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was postponed.
Mr. MASON. That is the question of order .
which I piesent. There was a vote on the home-
stead bill which the Senator, on a former day, ,
moved to reconsider; and the question now is, not
on the motion to reconsider, but, " Will the Sen-
ate take up the homestead bill for the purpose of!
reconsidering?"
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The question !
is to reconsider. j
Mr. MASON. I submit to the Presiding Offi- |
c-er that the only question on which the recon- ■
sideration can act is the bill; and, therefore, the i
motion is to take up the bill with a view to con- ;
sider the motion heretofore made to reconsider the j
vote on the bill. You cannot reconsider it unless
it is taken up. I submit that as a question of ii
order. ;!
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. A motion to
reconsider is a privileged question. The motion ;
is made, and I have the floor. ;
Mr. MASON. I stand, sir, upon the question
of order still. I
The PRESIDENT pm tempore. Will the Sen-
ator state his question of order?
Mr. MASON. The point of order is that the
question presented by the Senator from Tennes- ,
see is a motion to take up the homestead bill, as
it is called, with a view to its reconsideration.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I make no ,
such motion.
Mr. MASON. I say there can be no reconsid-
eration until the bill is before the Senate. I make
that question of order, that unless the Senator
moves to take up the bill for reconsideration, there
is nomoti-in before the Senate. I
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The bill can-
not be got before the Senate until it is reconsid- ,
ertd. The motion to reconsider, being a priv- '
ileged question, can be called upat any time by the
mover, or by any other member of the Senate.
The motion has been made, the question is betore
the Senate, and I have the floor upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will call the ,
attention of the Senator fiom Tennessee to the ■
fact that, whilst there are now but five minutes
before the time when the House meets, there is a
matt«-i hero which the Senator himself, perhaps,
\v.m\l piefer should be explained, to avoid trouble ■
hereafter. The Senator from Indiana calls atten- :
non to a clerical error that involves the confirma-
tion of two gentlemen, winch, I suppose, when (
we have adjourned, cannot he coireeled at all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Ttanyssee. I will conclude
my remarks m sufficient tune to go into executive
session.
Air. JOHNSON, o
Aikansas. Before six
Mr." JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Before six
<> 'elcM'k it is only twenty minutes of six now.
I will irive sufficient time.
Th.>~PRESlD£NT/>roM?^>o?-<>. The Chairae-
rtdes, on the question of order raised by the Sen-
ator horn Virginia that the motion oi
from Tt
< f a motion
he Senator
nnv-s< e is to proceed to the consideration
made, upon which a vote was
t 'ki r I'ot.'poiiin0" the homestead bill to a ceitani
,!av. Yno'i t:jar motion itfe Chair determines that
' oid<.r for the/>enaior to submit his re
is m
mai
li* for theySenator
-N - . 1 / rT1., n ^ e. c.
\h 'JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not in-
'■\ t<) otm*umc the time of the Senate, and I
-mid not say a woid now if I thought the time
n.U t «> oeenf.h'd nvre proluahly; but I deem
i* j1((::ics[rad bill one of great importance to the
(1 I wish to set nsrht some statements
feivnce to the origin and
,,n the d'scussion which
onenient a few weeks
, my fiiend t rom Alabama,
uasons why the
the following
•ry; an
h were
made in i
rv of the luensur
o'.ve upon us post
< ):i that
Clay.) in as^etnmir some
ii.ll .shoiiIJ 'be postponed, ni.ule
Mllll'liK it' :
••1 to iuiii^e <i lenuuK er t'.vo niiej
Mr.
to what h.i-s 11 to it, to
fallen from the Senator from Tennessee, before the vote is j
taken on this bill. He argues tnat public opinion is in favor ;
of this mea-ure, and therefore it ought to be passed ; but, ;
admitting his premises, 1 do not asrree that his ronelu-ion ;
is nectary, t do not think it is the business of this Sen- '
ate, or of the Huu'sc of Representatives, merely to reflect,
public opinion, whether rjjriit or wrong, I do not think it 1
becomes us, a-s representatives of sovereign States, to run i
after public opinion ; but f think we should rather lead it; •
we should coirect it when it is wrong, and should only fol- >
low it when it accords with our judgment, and when it is J
right-
" Now, in respect to thi? homestead policy, which the
Senator say* has been appjovod by public opinion. 1 dis-
sent from hi in as tcrthat conclusion, t deny that it ap- 1
proved by public judgment. Why, sir. fomteen years ago,
an unfortunate bun of genius, who rep're>ented one of the ;
districts m my own State, originated the id<-a in thi=  eoun- ,
try of giving homes to the homeless. Felix G McConnell, ,
of the State of Alabama, was in the habit. T believe, on all j
occasions when he lose to address the SpeaUerot the House ,
of Repiesentatives, of^usgestinghis proposition foi ahome- •
stead for every man, matron, and maid in the United States, |
who was the head of a family. [Laughter.]
u Mr. Hamlin. And widow.
"Mr. Clay. Then it was treated with denton. About )
eight years ago, the Henator from New Vork. who perhaps "i
is entitled to the cieditof onamntmg this meanire m the i
Senate, offered a bill, of which tin- K a ^ub-tanual copy, !
perhaps a literal one, and it received but two vote-.."
It was stated by my friend from Alabama—and !
a former Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Adams) ;
fell into the same error—that Felix G. MeCon- j
nell, with whom I served m the House of Repre- <1
sentatives, and for whom I entertained a great
deal of respect, originated this homestead policy
in that House. Itls as far from me as it would
be from anyone, to detract au^ht from that indi- ,
vidual. The Senator from Alabama calls him an
unfortunate son of genius, from his own State, j
Sir, if there ever was a man who was a Demociat ;
by instinct and by nature, it was Felix Grundy
McConnell. Even when he was in one of tho^e
unfortunate moods—one of those unfortunate j
spells that ke occasionally fell into—you might ,
wake him up out of a reverie and present to him ,
a question that involved Democracy on the one (
hand, and its opposite on the other, and by in- i
stiuct or intuition he was always on the side of
Democracy. :
But I wish to set the facts right, as there seems !
to have been some controversy as to who was the
originator of this great measure. So far as I am
concerned, whenever J have alluded to this sub-
ject, from first to last, I have never claimed its pa-
ternity. In the speech which I made a short time
. since," I showed that the pohcy was inaugurated
: by Washington, that it had been approved and
indorsed by the most distinguished men of the
i country, fiom that period down to the present
time. As, however, there seems to have been
i some contest as io the origin of the measure in this
| particular form, I intend to state the facts with-
' out regard to what may be said m reference to
; myself.
i It appears from the Journal of the House of
1 Representatives, that on March 12, 1S46, " Mr.
A.'johnson asked leave to introduce a bill en-
titled 4 A bill to authorize every poor man m the
1 United States who is the head of a family to
enter one hundred and sixty acres of the public
i domain, without money and without price.' Ob-
jection being made, it was not introduced.
^ On March 27, 1846, " Mr. A. Johnson, in pur-
, suance, of previous notice, asked and obtained
leave to mtioduce ' A bill to authorize every poor
■ man in the Lf'-ited States to enter one hundred
and sixty acres of land,!&c.; which bill was read
, twice, and commuted."
in the House of Representatives, August 5,
IS46, the French spoliation bill b~iug under con-
sideration, Mr. McConnell moved to add to the
1 bill a section granting one hundred and sixty
acres of land to every man, maid, or widow, m
the United States. Ruled out ot order.
August 6,1^46, the Oregon bill being under con-
sidera:ion " Air. McOonnell wished to otiei as an
' amendment, an additional section authorizing ev-
ery man, maid, or widow. , to enter one hun-
; dred and sixty acres of land in any portion ot the
| ten ltury of the United States. The Cnauman
'■ decided the amendment out of order at that time^
Thus I find that on the 12th of March, lb-i<),
notice of the bill was given, and on the :27th ot
I March, 1S46, the bill was introduced and com-
t rnitted; and on the 5th of Aimu^t, 1646, Mr.
, McConnell offered it as an amendment to some
1 other bill. My friend from Alabama was dis-
posed to give the credit of it, if any credit attached
to it, to a former Representative from Alabama, .
and he spoke of him as an unfortunate son of
genius, if he was entitled to it, I should have no
objection. He was for the measure*, he was a
Democrat; he loved his country; and if there was
ever a man devoted to the people, it was Felix
Grundy McConnell.
My honorable friend in arguing why it should
be postponed, said that this measure had its origin
in the Senate about eight years ago, when it was
introduced by the honorable Senator from the
State of New York, [Mr. Seh ard,] and said that
his bill only received two votes in 1850. When
we come to examine the facts, it seems a little
strange that my friend from Alabama should fix
upon the honorable Senator from New York as
the introducer of his proposition. Why the Sen-
ator from New York was selected as the intro-
ducer of the bill, and the allegation made that then
it only received two votes, Icannot tell, unless it
was to convey prejudice to the South, on the sup-
position that owing to his peculiar relations to
some of the States, his name would be calculated
to prejudice, in the southern section of the country,
a measure he introduced. A reference to the Jour-
nal of the Senate for 1850, will show that Daniel
Webster and General Houston introduced the
proposition then. Stephen A. Dougi.as—I call
him not as a Senator, but as Stephen A. Douglas
from the State of Illinois, introduced two home-
stead bills, one in 1850 and 1851. Thus the prop-
osition was brought forward by various distin-
guished individuals at about the same period of
time; but somehow or other my friend from Ala-
bama has the idea that the measure was then pre-
sented by the Senator from New York. It is not
strange, when it was introduced by so many dis-
tinguished men, that my honorable friend did not
think that some of them had introduced it; but
how does the fact stand? I call on my honorable
friend from Alabama to make his statement good.
I want him to show when the Senator from New
York ever introduced a homestead bill at all. I
have examined the Journal and I cannot find it.
If he has the reply ready, I will take it.
Mr. CLAY. 1 refer to the Senator from New
York himself. I learned what I stated from lnm.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Tennessee, I suppose, will state the result of his
reseatches He knows more about it than I do.
Air. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Upon a bill to
establish a surveyor general's office in the Terri-
tory of Oregon, there was an amendment offered
preventing the land that was granted in that bill
to actual settlers from forced sale of one hundred
and sixty or three hundiedand twenty acres, and
upon that the yeas and nays were called, and there
were only two votes for the amendment—not this
proposition at all—the vote of the honorable Sen-
ator from New York and of the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, (Mr. Walker.) The hon-
oiable Senator from New York never introduced
a homestead bill; but he did m 1850 introduce a
b'll grounded partially on the same principles,
granting land to the* Hungarian refugees who
were coming to this country, as will be seen by
referring to the Journal of that year, pa^e 119.
True, me distinguished Senator from New Yoik—
and I thank him for the argument he made; it did
his heart and his head credit—made a speech on
the bill granting the overflowed lands to the Stales
in which they lie, in winch he argued this whole
policy, and argued it ably and well betore the
whole country; but he never introduced a home-
stead proposition m the shape it is here, though
, he covered the whole subject m his speech.
Then, in the first instance, it is seen, on an ex-
amination of the Journals, that notice was given
of the homestead bill. If was introduced and com-
mitted in the House of Representatives before my
respected feiond from Alabama (Mr McConnell)
ever offered Ins proposition as an amendment to
the spoliation bill. In 1850, the period to which
tlu1 Senator from Alabama carries us back m tne
Senate, the Senator from New York never intro-
duced a homestead bill at all; but half a dozen
others did shadow forth a proposition in us broad-
est sense. None of f hem were to be referred to by
• he Senator from Alabama, but the Senator from
New York must be brought into conncction with
' it. I do not say that my friend from Alabama
■ intended to be unfair: I do not say that he in-
tended to excite any improper prejudice by this
connection; but I will say that his remaiks, left
as they were, were calculated to do that.
