1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
nation of the action of the board bag been since
recoided. Out of om; hundred and eight decisions
of that naval board, sixty-two have been reversed
—reversed, too, by the naval courts organized
under the act of 1857. Here is a Ion®; list of gal-
lant men—men of honor, who feel the stain upon
their reputations, who have been stigmatized and
impoverished, who feel like outcasts from the
Navy and outcasts from society. Many of them
have families, who share deeply in their depriva-
tion and humiliation. They are men dishonored,
condemned, without a hearing; and this is in a
republican land ! This is a commentary which
will forever rest upon this dark deed, illustrating
its iniquity.
I listened to the remarks of the honorable gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, the other day,
and I believe I understood him to say that those
officers who had not applied for an investigation
before the naval courts, are presumed to have ap-
proved the action of the naval retiring board. In
this I beg to differ with the honorable gentleman.
Mr. BOCOCK. I did not say exactly that.
Mr. CHAPMAN. That is the position I un-
derstood the honorable gentleman to take, and I
differ with him entirely in it. I believe that these
officers were actuated by far other considerations.
If there he any one of them who approves the
action of that board, I can only account for it
upon the supposition that the blow hasdethroned
his reason; for, however degraded he might es-
teem himself, and however just he might consider
his expulsion from the Navy under other circum-
stances, he never, as a sane man, could approve
the merciless, the inquisitorial process, by which
himself and two hundred others were condemned
to poverty and disgrace.
Sir, out of the more than two hundred officers
who then fell under the ban of proscription, there
is not one of them who can tell the cause of his
expulsion. There was no trial: there were no
charges; there were no specifications; there was
no record; there was nothing save the simple de-
cree of condemnation, that fell upon him like the
blow of the midnight assassin. It came to some
while they were far from home, upon distant seas,
sedulously engaged in the service of the country,
maintaining the honor of its (lag. It came to others
unlooked for. turning into bitterness the peace and
happiness of a household as with a curse. Who
can tell for what offense Commodore Stewart was
stricken from his hi<*h place in the Navy? Was
it for decrepitude5 Was it for mental infirmity?
Was it for some great crime, for which he ou^ht
to suffer incarceration m the penitentiary r Can
these fifteen executioners answer the question?
They have sealed their hps by a self-imposed ob-
ligation of secrecy. They dare not tell. And I
believe it was the only obligation they took upon
themselves. Yet here is a man, whose name is
associated with the most brilliant deeds of the
American Navy and heroicachievemcnts recorded
in the brightest pages of our naval history, whose
whole life has been devoted, and successfully de-
voted, to the service of his country, securing a
world-wide fame and universal respect, surround-
ed with mystery. No man can teli for what that
officer was stricken from the roll. It was his for-
tune, however, in early life, to have achieved
for himself and his country imperishable renown;
and he has so filled up the interval since, that not
a leaf has withered on his brow, not a hlot has
fallen upon his good name.
It is not so with the younger members of the
service—men who came upon the stage of action
long after opportunities presented themselves to
enroll their names upon the scroll of fame. They
have yet the battle of life to fight. Who can tell
me for what this officer was dropped ; or for what
that officer was retired ? Was it for drunkenness?
Was it for insubordination? Was it for any of
the infamous vices that degrade society? Who
can tell? No man on earth, except the fifteen
members of that board, and they dare not teli.
I have heard it said that it was a matter of for-
bearance upon the part of this board, that it was
a mercy these disclosures were not made. .Was
it merciful to Commodore Stewart? Was it for-
bearance to him, that he—a man of his distinction
and his service—should have been thrown pell-
mell into a crowd of men who are charged with
the vilest crimes, with all that is infamous ? Was
that just? was that fair? waa that humaiio ? They
! throw him into such company and leave him
there. And why leave these companions of his
in the predicament in which they have been
; placed ? No one can remove the charge. Every
■ mouth is stopped and every tongue is silent ex-
cept that of slander, and it may utter anything.
. Let me say that this man was dropped for larceny,
j that that man was dropped for piracy, or for some
| atrocious offense; for cheating or something of
j an infamous character, and who can contradict
j it ? The only tongue that moves is that of sian-
i der, and it may block the way of every one of
| them to any success in civil life. There they
| stand with mystery around them, the objects alone
1 of slander.
| Now, sir, I beg to say that the gentleman from
j Virginia is in error when he supposes that any
| of these officers approved the proceedings of this
] board. There were other reasons which oper-
, ated upon their minds. The veterans of the ser-
| vice would nothumiliate themselves by seeking an
j investigation into their moral, mental, physical,
j and professional fitness before courts, the officers
! constituting which were but recently sweeping
j the decks about their heels. There were others
I who were crushed and broken down in spirit,
i brought to the earth, who had not confidence
| enough in themselves, much less in the courts, to
i seek an investigation. And there were others so
far impoverished that they did not possess the
pecuniary means to defray the expenses of a trial
without encroaching upon the comforts of their
families. These are the reasons, I apprehend,
which influenced the officers who did not apply
for an investigation by the naval courts so recently
dissolved.
The resolution under consideration I under-
stand to propose that the President shall have
power to examine the record in each case where
unfavorable reports have been made by th^ naval
courts of inquiry; and on such investigation, if he
is satisfied that injustice has been done, to reverse
the decision of such courts, or to nominate for res-
toration the officers against whom such reports
have been made. It is a misfortune that the act
of 1857 did no: confer upon the President the au-
thority that is now contemplated; and it seems to
me somewhat strange that that authority was not
then confeired, because it does appear to me that
the President is just as competent to dccidc that
an adverse report is erroneous, as to decide that
a favorable report is erroneous. It seems to me
that it would have been but reasonable to have
given him the power at the time to determine in
either case. It is just as likely that these naval
courts would err where they have rendered ad-
verse reports, as where they have rendered favor-
able reports; and especially considering the posi-
tion they occupy towards these officeis. For, Mr.
Speaker, I say that the several judges of these na-
val courts were surrounded by precisely the same
influence which surrounded the members of the
naval retiring board. Whenever an officer who
had been dropped or disrated came before them,
if he were a senior officer, they necessarily felt an
interest, or at least they weie in the way of temp-
tation. I will not charge them with corruption.
I will not say they weie biased by any considera-
tion of the kind. I have no doubt that they are
honorable men and gallant officers. But that they
occupied such a position as this is beyond dispute;
and I ask whether it can be conceived that it was
safe to trust the fortunes and destiny of gallant
men to tribunals who were surrounded by such
influences ?
The first court that was organized under the
act of 1857, was convened shoi tlv before the close
of the last Administration. It is most unfortunate,
I think, that the Secretary of the Navy deemed it
his duty to make his selection from the Navy al-
together. I have examined that act, and I am
not able to discover that such a duty devolved
upon him. I believe it was competent for him to
have selected partly from the Army, partly from
the Navy,and partly from civil life; and if he had
done so, some of the objections raised against
these tribunals would not have existed. But he
thought proper to take a different course. I do
not s^iy anything in condemnation of him. Per-
haps 1 err in judgment, in my construction of the
act. He may have erred in his construction of it.
It was thought proper on his part to call for
the advice and counsel of the Attorney^ General,
and the AUuiney General did perfectly right when
i he gave his instructions to the Secretary of the
| Navy in regard to his own duties. But when the
| Attorney General chose to instruct the judges of
, the courts as to the manner in which they should
i conduct these trials, as to their duties, as to the
i rules of evidence, and as to what should consti-
| tute evidence proper for condemnation, then he
encroached upon their prerogative; then he
marked out a line for them to pursue which re-
sulted unfortunately for those officers who made
the application for an investigation. He says in
that letter of instructions, that the officer who
applies to these courts for investigation into his
moral, mental, physical, and professional fitness
is to be considered the actor and not as a defend-
ant against whom the Department makes a charge.
In that, of course, he was perfectly correct. But
when he proceeds to say that after the officer has
laid all of his testimony in regard to these partic-
ulars before the court, the Department may turn
round and assail him with almost every descrip-
tion of evidence; may assail him in regard to
every period of his professional life without lati-
tude, without limit, and when he says that they
may go into the region of opinion to defeat an
officer's restoration, then I say that he was eti-
j croaching upon the prerogative of these courts,
1 and then he was marking out a line of duty to be
performed by the judges which was fatal m many
instances to these officers.
It appears to me that the same objections which
were urged against the naval retiring board may
be urged agamstthese courts. An impression was
made upon them by the example which was set
on the score of secrecy from which they could
not depart. In the first place, the reporters for
the press—the gentlemen who are admitted into
this Hall freely, who are admitted into every court
m this country—were utterly excluded, and the
decisions to which the courts arrived were sealed
up, and many months of mental torment were
added to the sufferings of these officers before the
seals were broken. I see no reason why, after
the report was made favorable to an officer, he
should not have known his fate at once; and yet
that harrowing suspense, notwithstanding the fa-
vorable repot t, was continued from that time up
to the meeting of Congress. And more than that:
an officer who was to be the actor, who was to be
the applicant to these courts for investigation, was
required by the judge-advocate, if he desired to
subpena witnesses, to present the names of those
witnesses to him, and not only to present their
names, but he was required to state what it was
designed to prove by them. And yet, while the
officer was disclosing these facts, disclosing what
he expected to prove by this witness and by that
witness, he had not the advantage of the Depart'
ment or of the Government; because, when ho
came before the court and the investigation was
entered into, while the Department was acquainted
with all his testimony and with what he expected
to prove, the officer was entirely at the mercy of
the judge-advocate; he did not know at what mo-
ment in the progress of the trial something might
be sprung upon him which he would be entirely-
unable to disprove; some trivial circumstance
which he himself had utterly forgotten, but which
might be explarned if he had witnesses here that
were upon the distant sea. There were many
instances of this kind, where officers were taken
by surprise, and had not witnesses here for the
purpose of disproving charges made against them.
Thus an immense advantage was given to the De-
partment over the officer. He was unable to an-
ticipate what would be brought against him.
It seems to me, sir, that instead of making these
courts simply courts of inquiry, and the judge-
advocate an officer to record the testimony which
should be adduced before them, it was designed
to convert them into great Crown criminal courts,
and the judge-advocate into a prosecuting attor-
ney, and, as was said by the gentleman from
South Carolina, the poor officer was placed in the
position of a felon in the dock.
Mr. Speaker, I have said nothing against the
integrity of the officers who composed these courts
 nothing against their honor. I do not mean to
do so. I have spoken of the circumstances by
which they were surrounded, and the temptations
which were in their way to do wrong. The wit-
nesses who were called on the part of the Govern-
ment, in many instances, came there with all the
prejudices and all the passisns that the bickerings,
