8044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
In the first place, we find the Senator from Al-
abama mistaken in his statement of fact as to the
origin of the bill; in the second place, wc find him
mistaken as to the fact of Mr. Seward introdu-
cing the proposition eight years ago; in fact, he
introduced no such measure at all. The remark-
able accuracy with which the Senator from Ala-
bama stated his facts seemed to indicate that he
had made himself thoroughly acquainted with the
history of the subject. If he had made himself
acquainted with all the facts connected with the
homestead proposition, I feel assured that lie
would not have made the statement he did; and
not having made himself acquainted with the facts,
he was not authorized in making the statement he
did.
The Senator denies that this proposition has
been approved by the public judgment. Let us
see how the facts stand m regard to that statement.
The measure, in its present form, was introduced
in 1846; it was discussed in and out of Congress
up to the 12th of May, 1852; and on that day the
bill passed the popular branch of the national
Legislature by a two-thirds vote. The bill was
then lost in the Senate. Again, in 1854, it was
originated in the House of Representatives by the
Hon. John L. Dawson, of Pennsylvania, and
was again passed by an overwhelming majority
of that body, and was sent to the Senate, and lost.
If we are to rely upon evidences like these, it is
clear and manifest that the public judgment has
been recorded in favor of the homestead proposi
tion, the Senator's opinion to the contrary not-
withstanding. We can have no safer guide, no
better test, than the will of the people reflected
through their representatives in their representa-
tive capacity.
But the gentleman went on tostate tliatthe Sen-
ate should notobey the popular will; that it should
rather lead it; but in this particular case we find
the Senator unwilling to lead, or to follow, either,
what we conceive to be the public judgment; but
sets himself up in opposition to it. If I were dis-
posed to give another evidence of the popular judg-
ment on this subject, I might mention that the
Presiding Officer of this House, the Vice President
of the United States, recorded his vote in favor of
the homestead bill in 1854; he was placed upon
the ticket for the Vice Presidency in 1856, with
Mr. Buchanan, and his whole public course was
scrutinized; his claims were submitted to the pub-
lic consideration, and after a full and thorough
investigation ofhis whole publiccourse, there was
not an objection urged against him for the "Vice
Presidency 011 account of having supported this
policy in the Congress of the United States, that
. I am aware of; but, on the contrary, in many
Elaces it was one of the strongest arguments m
is favor. Even in the gentleman's own State he
received an overwhelming vote, after having sup-
ported the homestead measure.
The Senator, in the course of his remarks, ad-
mitted that the public judgment of his own State
was once for it; but he does not condescend to
give us any evidence that that public judgment
has been changed. There have been no public
meetings, 110 public demonstrations, no memo-
rial or petition sent to the Congress of the Uni-
ted States against the passage of this measure; but
in truth the evidences are all the other way; and
so soon as the popular judgment can be brought
to bear upon this body, the measure will be con-
summated and passed here. The Senator as-
sumes, in bold terms, that the Senate should not
obey the public judgment; that it should rather
lead it. I hold that the Senate should obey the
popular judgment, and that a majority of the
States should rule in the Senate, as much so as
the majority of the congressional distiicts in the
House of Representatives. I hold it to be sound
Democratic doctrine that a majority of the States
should rule in the Senate; as much so as that a
majority should rule in the House of Represent-
atives; and then in a disagreement between the
two Houses, measures are lost as contemplated
by the Constitution; but in cases of this kind the
Democratic party hold, that where a Senator can-
not, consistently with his views of right or the
Constitution, obey the will of the people of his
State, it is his duty to resign, and give his place
to some one who will faithfully and honestly
obey the high behest of the people.
Sir, I hope the period is not distant when the
Senate will have to come down from its present
proud and obstinate position, and pass more under
the influence of the popular judgment of the re-
spective States. I hope the time will come when
the people of the several States will have the con-
stitutional power restored to them of electing their
Senators at the ballot-box, as they now elect their
Representatives, if not every two years, at least
once in six years, thereby creating an immediate
responsibility between them and the people. This
would be one great step in popularizing our Gov-
ernment. I will say, in this connection, that I
am anxious to see the election of Pn^sident and
Vice President made by the electors of each con-
gressional district directly, by the people, in pref-
erence to the present mode. Wherever it is prac-
ticable, I desire to have the people to do their own
public business by themselves, instead of through
agents. There is an old and trite adage which I
think holds good in public as in private affairs—
" whenever you have anything to do, send some-
body to do it; but if you want it well done, go
and do it yourself." It will hold good in every
department of human affairs, pubiic as well as
private. Hence, I repeat, I am in favor of pop-
ularizing our Government, and, wherever it is
practicable, letting the people elect their agents,
instead of having their agents selected by other
agents, as Senators now are by the Legislatures
■—in some instances by intrigue and other anti-
Democratic appliances. Let the people be heard,
and let their mature judgment be final.
I have felt it my duty to say this much in set-
ting the history of this great measure right, as I
humbly conceive the greatest measure of the age
or of modern times; and it will ultimately be
spread upon your statute-book as the law of the
land.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator from Tennessee
will permit me, I think we have barely time to
send a message to the House, and receive one in
return. With his permission, I move that the
Secretary send a message to the House that the
Senate has discharged its business, and is ready
for an adjournment. The Senator can proceed
after that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to move for an executive
session, for the purpose indicated by the Senator
from Arkansas. It will take but a moment. It
is a matter of importance, and pertains to our
records.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have nothing
more to say.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration ofexecutive business.
At six o'clock the doors were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned sine die.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 14, 1858.
The House met at ten o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. J. C. Granbury.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the Journal
of Saturday.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
During the reading of the Journal, a message
was received from the President by Mr. James
Buchanan Henry, his Private Secretary, inform-
ing the House that he had approved and signed
the following bills:
An act granting a pension to Mrs. Mary A. M.
Jones;
An act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of Government for the year endine June
30, 1859; &
An act making appropriations for the support
the Army, for the year ending June 30, 1859;
An act making supplemental appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes, for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1859;
An act granting an invalid pension to John
Holland, of Arkansas;
An act to establish certain post roads;
An act granting an invalid pension to William
Randolph;
An act making appropriations for the transpor-
tation of the United States mail, by ocean steam-
ers and otherwise, during the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1859;
of
An act to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1858;
An act making appropriations for the expenses
of collecting the revenue from customs;
An act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30, 1859;
An act making an appropriation for the com-
pletion of the military road from Astoria to Sa-
lem, in Oregon Territory; and
An act granting an invalid pension to William
Howell, of Tennessee.
READING OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
dispense with the further reading of the Journal.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it had better be
read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules to enable me to move to dis-
| pense with the further reading of the Journal. It
will take till eleven o'clock to read the Journal.
The SPEAKER. There are twenty more pages.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit the point of or-
der that there is a motion now pending to sus-
pend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is there not a motion pend-
ing to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. This question comes up be-
fore you can reach that matter at all.
The House divided on Mr. Washbbrne's mo-
tion, and there were—ayes 107, noes 18.
So (two thirds voting in favor therof) the rules
were suspended.
The further reading of the Journal was then dis-
pensed with.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examinpd and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 582) to
authorize a loan not exceeding §20,000,000; when
the Speaker signed the same.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the timp for the
adjournment of the present session of Congress shall lj",
and is hereby, extended from twelve o-'elock, in., to half
past two o'clock, p. m., this day.
I move the previous question on that resolu-
tion.
TheSPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
introduction of the resolution ?
Mr. SANDIDGE. I object.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have a resolution
which, I think, meets the emergency of the case
better than that, and I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow it to be read.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move a suspen-
sion of the rules to enable me to offer the resolu-
tion.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The question recurred upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. SAVAGE. I rise to a question of order.
The previous question has not been demanded
since the rules were suspended, and I desire to
offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. SAVAGE. I asloythe^ gentle man from
Pennsylvania to allow my piWj'osition to be read.
Mr. CURRY. I object.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under ihe operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. J, GLANCY JONRS moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It will be remem-
bered that on Saturday night, upon receiving in-
formation that a difference of opinion existed be-
