1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
tween the Senate and the House on the subject of
legislation on the Post Office appropriation bill,
the House laid that bill upon the table. In doing
tlml, tin- House meant no discourtesy to the co-
ordinate branch of Congress; but, as I understand
it, they meant by that vote emphatically to de-
clare their dissent to legislation in appropriation
bills at the close of the session.
Wow, Mr. Speaker, I have learned since, that
that difficulty may be obviated, so that we may
adjourn at two o'clock. Itcan only be arrived at
in one way; and I wish the House to understand
that. I propose to move that the bill be taken
from the tabie by moving to reconsider the vote
by which it was put there. I shall move, then,
when the bill is before the House, to reconsider
the vote by which five out of the ten amendments
of the Senate were concurred in. The text of the
bill has been passed upon by both Houses. There
were ten amendments; five of which, as I have
stated, were concurred in. My opinion is that,
if the ten amendments be left open between the
two Houses, a conference committee may be en-
abled to make a report.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether one of the amendments he intends
to recede from is the one giving a subsidy of
$14,000 to the Collins line>
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I do not propose
to recede from any. My motion is, that the
amendments shall be left open for the action of a
committee of conference between the two Houses.
That is one of the amendments ill which both
Houses have concurred.
Mr STEPHENS, of Georgia. There is no
objection, I hope, to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania."
Mr. MORGAN. Is the House to vote on the
amendments again ?
Mr. J GLANCY JONES. I propose to move
a general disagreement to them, so as to send
them ;o a conference committee.
Mr. MORGAN. So the bill is to go to the
Senate precisely as it went before 5
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. It will go there
with amendments of the Senate disagreed to by
the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand the
gentleman from Pennsylvania in this way: when
the bill is taken up, he will move to leconsider
the vote by which the House agreed to certain of
the Senate amendments to the Post Office appro-
priation bill. We will then disagree to those
amendments—to all the amendments which the
Senate put upon that bill when they first sent it
back here. If the Senate will not recede from its
amendments, then the Senate will ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
understand the chairmain of the Committee of
Ways and Means. Does he, in taking this bill
from the table, propose to open any amendments
that have been concluded by the concurring votes
of '.lie two Houses-
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I propose to take
th(- bill from the table Then I propose to recon-
sider the vote by which five of the amendments
of the Senate were concurred in. That will open
the whole subject.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I want to
know why the gentleman proposes to go back and
0'ien amendments which have been concurred in?
'Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. We have concurred
in five of the ten amendments. If we recede from
that concurrence, then the whole subject will be
open between the two bodies. The two Houses
cannot agree in reference to the five now open
between them, but if the ten be opened, I know
that they will agree to a report.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
1 understand that there was no objection to taking
"Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I under-
stand that it has not been taken up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No debate is in
order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If I am m
order, 1 want to understand this matter that I may
vote intelligently. I do not see how the basis for
negotiation will be enlarged by cutting down that
winch both Houses have concurred in. For in-
stance: both Houses agreed that the publication
of the list of letters uncalled for should be given,
instead of to two or three papers', tortile paper
that would do it the cheapest. Is it possible that
the gentleman wants to disagree to that amend-
ment which has already been agreed to by both
Houses ? How will that enlarge the basis for ne-
gotiation ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
question of order that debate is not m order; and
I ask that it be decided.
Mr. HOUSTON. If debate is in order, it is
premature at this time.
The SPEAKER. The first proposition is to
take up the bill arid amendments from the table.
If that be done, then the question will come up
upon the amendments heretofore disagreed to.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania proposes to ;
move a reconsideration of the vote by which the j
House concurred in certain amendments. If that '
be done, then he proposes to move that the House i
insist on its disagreement to the Senate amend- i
merits, and ask for another committee of confer-
ence. If there be no objection, the bill will be !
considered as taken from the tabie. The propo*
sition will then be in order to insist upon our dis- ;
agreement and ask another committee of confer- I
ence. It will also be in order to move to leconsider '
the votes by which the House concurred in cer- j
tain amendments of the Senate. 1
Mr JOHN COCHRANE. I rise to a question i
of order. Wiil it be in order, as the Speaker has
stated, to reconsider the vote by which we con- j
curred in the Senate amendments—those amend- '
mcnts having been already once reconsidered,and
the motion to reconsider laid upon the table ? ,
The SPEAKER. It will require a two-thirds !
vote for the gentleman from Pennsylvania to get !
his motion before the House. :
Mr. HOUSTON. I ooject to further debate. ;
Let us have a vote. " I
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to taking 1
the bill from the Speaker's table ?
Mr. CLEMENS 1 object. I understand
["Order!" "Order"'] that by this arrangement
it is proposed [shouts of " Order'"] :
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. 1 move to suspend
the rules. ;
The SPEAKER. 7t is, m any point of view,
desirable that the motion to suspend the rules .
should prevail >
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask for the yeas^atid nays ,
on the motion to suspend the rules
The yeas and nays were not ordered. !
The rules were suspended, (two thirds having I
voted therefor,) and the amendments of the Sen- ;
ate brought before the House for consideration. !
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. What is now the j
question before the House? J
The SPEAKER. The Senate amendments are ]
before the House, and the question is: *s Will the
House further insist on their disagreement? will ]
they adhere ? or will they recede ?"
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that 1
the House further insist on its disagreement, and '
ask another committee of conference.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I thought I had
the floor. I move to reconsider the vote by which ,
the House agreed to five out of the ten Senate
amendments.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. It will require a two-thirds
vote to take the motion to reconsider from the :
table. i
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is not the motion '
of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stefhexs]
in order? ,!
The SPEAKER. It is. !|
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask for a vote
upon that motion. :
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I was upon the :
floor when the gentleman from Georgia rose and ,j
made his motion Before making amotion I made ■
an inquiry of the Chair 111 order to enable me to j
make my"motion in order. W hat I wish to do is ,
to make a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House concurred in five out of the ten amend- j
ments of the Senate to this bill. I make that mo- ^
tiou now, if it is in order. j
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire to make a single |
remark m reply to the gentleman from Peim- :
sylvania, [Mr. J. Gi.an'cy Jones.] [Cries of e
"Order!"] , :
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CLEMENS. I know it is not; but I ask ;
theeonsentofthe House to make n single remark. ;
[Loud cries of" Object:" and " Older :"1
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask for a t'Ote
upon the motion of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. StefhensJ
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mi'. J.
Glanct Jones] is one of such a nature as will
take precedence of the motion of the gentleman
from Georgia. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia moves to suspend the rules to enable him to
submit a motion to take from the table the motion
to reconsider the vote by which certain amend-
ments of the Senate were concurred in.
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to know if the effect
of the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. J. Glancy Jones] is not to open up this
whole controversy again, ["Order!" ''Order!"]
and place the House at the mercy of the Senate?
[Shouts of "Order!"] I rise-to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is out of order; and must take his seat.
Mr. CLEMENS. Well, I ask for information,
what will be the effect of the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, if it prevails?
["Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit that the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is in order without
the suspension of the rules. The bill, with the
amendments of the Senate unacted on, are before
the House, with the motion to reconsider attach-
ing to those which have been concurred in. Now,
I want to know what is to prevent the motion to
reconsider from being taken from the table?
The SPEAKER. That is the motion the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania makes; but, under the
piactice of the House, it requires a two-thirds
vote, objection being made, to enable him to sub-
mit the motion.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. But I submit that
the bill and amendments being before the House,
and the motion to reconsider attaching to the five
amendments which have been concurred in, it is
in order to move to take up the motion to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. If the practice suggested by
the gentleman from Tennessee were to prevail,it
would defeat the whole object of laying the motion
to reconsider on the table, if it could at any time
be taken up by a simple majority vote. So far as
these amendments which have been concurred m
are concerned, they have passed from the control
of the House, unless by a suspension of the rules,
just as much as the original text of the bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania be voted down,
what will be the next question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Georgia, to further insist and ask for
another committee of conference.
Mr. CLBMENS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only three
members voting therefor.
The rules were suspended—ayes 123, noes 10;
and
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES submitted his motion
to take from the table the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER The question is, " Will the
House leconsider the vote?"
Mr. GARNETT. I wish to know if that ques-
tion is susceptible of division; because lam in
favor of the amendment giving the printing of the
Post Office blanks to the lowest bidder, and do
not wish to recede from it.
The SPEAKER. The question cannot be di-
vided.
Mr. STANTON. I move the previous question
on the reconsideration.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered; and, under its operation,
the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I move that the
House do non-concur in all the amendments of
the Senate; and on that I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the amendments were non-concurred in.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that a committee of
conference be appsmted.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Phil-
lips, WASHBUHXEofIllinois, and Dowdell, were
appointed the managers 011 tiie part of the House.
