1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2021
allowance to vessels of five and less than twenty-
tons, and makes this a condition of the allowance:
" Provided, however, That this allowance shall be made
only to such boats or vp?-,e!> a-; shall havi; bct*n actually
employed at sea m the cod fishery four month?, at the least,
of tlie preceding season; Anil presided also, That such boat
or vessel shall have landed, in the course of said precfdtng
season, a quantity of fi-h of not less than twelve (jtn.ttals
for every ton of her admeasurement; the said quantity of
fisl) to be ascertained when dried and cured fit for exporta-
tion, and according to the weight thereof as the sams shall
weigh at the tune of delivery when actually sold."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That I noticed,.Mr. Pres-
ident, and on the reading of that I repeat my as-
sertion. Where will you get it? In what way
will you get it? It is to be paid at the beginning:
or end of the year; and that only applies to small
vessels; it does not apply to the larger vessels of
twenty tons or upwards. The provision applies
only to the small vessels, between five and twenty
tons. That is the shoie fishing; and it is to be
paid on the shore fishing, not on the amount of
fresh fish they bring in; but it is introduced in
regard to the small vessels, in order to show by
the amount of fish they catch that they have really
been employed in fishing—in the business they
assume to have been employed in. If the Sena-
tor will examine that act of 1813 again, and ex-
amine it carefully, he will find that it is precisely
as I say. The act of 1792 changed the original
provision from a drawback to an allowance made
on account of the tonnage. It made no provision
for exportation whatever, not the slightest; but
so much was to be paid on a vessel of certain size
per ton, provided that vessel was engaged four
months in fishing during the fishing season, which
was nine months in the year; and in 1813, when
the act was renewed, it made certain other pro-
visions, which the Senator iias read.
With regard, as I stated before, to the larger
vessels, those which were built for the bank fish-
eries particularly, the dangerous navigation, there
is no provision whatever as to the amount they
should catch in any shape or form; but they must
simply be engaged for four months. They might
catch more or less. With regard to the smaller
vessels, between five and twenty tons, the pro-
vision that they should bring in aeertam amount
of fish was insulted m order to prove that they
had been engaged in actual fishing, because they
did not go. off on a distant voyage; and in order
to estimate that amount, it was to be taken, not as
fresh fish, but when it had been properly cured for
exportation; that is, as fish is cured for exporta-
tion; but there isno provision from the beginning
to the end of it, providing for the exportation of
a single pound in order to receive the bounty.
Therefore the argument of the Senator as to the
acts of 1792 and of 1813 fails, and fails thor-
oughly, for when Congress changed the provis-
ion from a drawback to an allowance upon ton-
nage, they gave it whether a single pound of fish
was exported or not. Every particle of it might
be used in this country; not a single iota was re-
quired to be exported; and yet the amount of
bounty was given.
So, then, the argument of the Senator falls in
the commencement", and it is not supported by the
extracts which he read from the speeches of sun-
dry gentlemen who spoke upon the occasion,who
Bupposed there would be an actual saving by the
change. Afterwards, when the duty on salt was
by degrees reduced, and reduced almost to nothing,
the bounty was not only kept up upon the vessels,
but was increased, as it was from 1813 to 1819.
The design was not merely to give them the
amount of salt duty which they had paid, but it
would seem to be rather that the object in keep-
ing the duty on salt at all was in order to meet the
expenditure occasioned by this very bounty which
they gave upon fishing and fishing vessels for an-
other purpose, and that was for naval purposes,
for purposes connected with the defense of the
country.
That, sir, is the position I wisli to state in the
first place in answer to the Senator; because, if I
understood his argument, it was founded almost
exclusively on that. Certainly he dwelt at. most
length on it, and with a great deal of plausibility,
and with a great deal of force, as it seemed to me,
until I came to examine the course of legislation
upon the subject, on lhe idea which has been fa-
miliar to those who have attacked this system
from the beginning, that this was a mere return
of so much duty paid. But when we come toex-
anim'j as I have examined, and as I have how ex-
plained, to the Senate, the act of 1792, and partic-
ularly the act of 1813, and find that instead of at
all basing the matter upon the duty on salt, they
gave the allowance, and an increased allowance,
upon the tonnage of the vessel, leaving the idea of
exportation entirely out of the question, it follows
as a matter of necessity that Congress understood
perfectly that in continuing this system as they
uid continue it, they placed it entirely upon an-
other basis,and that one connected with thegen-
cral interests of the country, separate from any
return of duties.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator allow me to ask
him a question, in order that we may understand
each other,-and make this issue distinctly?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
. Mr. CLAY. Does he mean to say that, by the
act of 1792, or the act of 1813, it was the purpose
of Conzress to give more than an equivalent for
the duty upon salt? That is the point, and that is
what I maintain. The Senator now, to avoid the
force of my argument, says that inasmuch as ex-
portation was not the condition of the allowance
on tonnage in the act of 1813, therefore Congress
intended to give a bounty instead of a drawback,
or its equivalent. I hold that that argument is
not sound; and I am certain that, according to the
declaration of the advocates of this change of the
system, and according to the protests of the fish-
ermen themselves, tliey got no more, sought no
more, and Congress meant to give no more, than
an equivalent for the drawback of the duty on salt.
What I wish to know of the Senator is, whether
he means to say that Congress did design to give,
or did give, by these acts, more than that equiva-
lent?
Mr. FESSENDEN. What they did in 17921
have not undertaken to say. They might have
intended,as the Senator argued, at that time to
make one equal to the other; they might have in-
tended to do the same thing as nearly as they could
by the act of 1813; but what I intended to say
was, that subsequently they increased the allow-
ance made to the vessels, while the duty on salt
was continually decreasing.
Mr. CLAY. 1 take issue with the Senator there
as a matter of fact; and I advertise him and his
friends that I will undertake to prove differently.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator himself
stated that, in 1830, or thereabouts, when the duty
on salt became two cents a pound, the whole al-
lowance granted to fishing vessels continued. j
Mr. CLAY. Exactly; but the Senator just
now assumed in advance that they increased the
allowance with the decrease of the duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say they increased the
allowance in 1819 on vessels. Did they increase
the duty on salt at the same time?
Mr. CLAY. They did not; but 1 will under-
take to show that the allowance did not then ex-
ceed the duty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a matter of argu-
ment.
Mr. CLAY. A matter of demonstration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator may be able
to show it. It will make no difference, however,
in the argument I adduced. I stated that, in
1813, they adjusted it; they gave the allowance
at that time without reference at all to exporta-
tion. The Senator has argued that it amounted
to just about the duty. It may be so. I have
not examined that fact, because for the purposes
of my argument it is not necessary. In 1819
they increased the allowance, and did not increase
the duty; and thenceforward the duty on salt fell
down to two cents, according to the Senator's
own statement, while the allowance granted in
1819 continued and has continued down to the
present day, and no sort of alteration whatever
has been made in reference to this matter.
I say, then, that the change of the principle on
which it was based, if originally based on the prin-
ciple assumed by the Senator, was made in 1813;
it was manifested more strongly in 1819; and the
continuance of the allowance made, and a larger
allowance made in 1819, if the Senator pleases,
from that period down to the present time, while
the duty on salt has become nominal, shows con-
clusively that Congress, since that period, has
not considered that the duty on salt had anything
to do with it, whatever might be the original
foundation. It has continued, and it has not con-
tinued silently. This matter has been mooted in
Congress over and over again. Repeated attempts
have been made to repeal the. fishing beunties—re-
peated attempts have been made ta repeal them
since the duty on salt has become merely aominal,
and yet they have been continued, by .Congress
Why? It must have been upon some ground. It
could not have been upon the ground that it.Jvas
drawback. What was the reason which has actu-
ated this Government from the year 1813, or 1819,
down to the present tim&? There njusthave been
some reason. Itis perfectly manifest it was based
upon an entirely differentidea and a different prin-
ciple, and that was the principle, that the contin-
uance of this bounty was necessary in order to
some other purpose of the Government than that
for which, if the Senator pleases still so to assert,
it was originally imposed, and, although there
might have been this reason given in tlie begin-
ning, it is manifest that a different principle and
foundation have been assumed since. That is
what I say.
Congress abandoned the system in 1807; that
is, m 1807 two things took place—the duty on salt
was repealed, and the allowance made to fislung
vessels was repealed. Now, it is worth while
for us to consider what the effect of that was. It
is of some consequence for us to know why the
bounty was restored in 1813. There wasa.penod
then when the original system of simply giving
drawback was abandoned, if, in 1807, it stood
upon that basis. The duty was the/i repealed;
the drawback or the bounty or the allowance,
properly called, was repealed with it. When the
year 1813 came, the whole matter-was restored,
not to its original basis of drawback, but the basis
which I have now explained under the statute,
and that was, of imposing a duty on salt, but at
the same time making an allowance to fishing ves-
sels of a sum equivalent to, or greater or less than,
the duty, as the case might be, without reference
at all to the question whether the fish was ex-
ported or not. It is clear, then, that it was not
laid at that time with reference to exportation.
Now, the question arises, why was it restored ?
In order to come to that question it is necessary
to consider, somewhat, the history of the times
The year 1813 was a period of war. War had ex-
isted at the time of the passage of that bill fo>r a
year or more. I do not remember the exact time,
nor is it material. During the period which had
elapsed from 1807 to 1813, this country had had
some experience. What was that experience? In
the first place, during that period the fisheries had
declined. The amount of fish exported in 1813, at
the time of the passage of that act, compared with
the amount of fish exported the year the duty and
allowances were repealed, was very small. The
amount of tonnage employed in the fisheries was,
comparatively, very small. It had fallen down to
almost nothing, as the tables will show. I have
examined them, and I have them here; but I will
not trouble the Senate to read the details. The
amount of exported fish, at that time, was very
trifling; the amount of tonnage was almost noth-
ing.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In making the comparison
now, he gives us a comparison between the year
1807 and the year 1813. The year 1813 was a war
year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It had been gradually
declining.
Mr. BENJAMIN. What was it in 1811, be-
fore the war broke out, compared with 1807 ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will show. The dried
fish exported in 1807 was 473,924 quintals. It fell
off from that time; and in 1811 it was 214,387—
less than half. In 1812, it was down to 169,019,
and in 1813 to 63,016; in 1814, 31,310, and so it
ran down. It ran down one half during a time
of peace. During all these years, the amount of
tonnage was decreasing; the amount of fish ex-
ported was also decreasing to a certain extent. In
time of war, of course it went down to a very small
sum; in 1812, we had several naval battles. The
first great battle that was fought-, according to my
recollection, was between the Constitution and
Guerriere, which excited the attention of the coun-
try; and it is a matter of history, perfectly well
known to every one familiar with the naval annals
of the country, that the Constitution was manned
almost exclusively bv Cape Cod fishenxien. The
praises which that crew received from the com-
