2022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
mander, and from ai! who knew anything about.
the history of our naval battles, are also familiar I
to the whole country who read the history. The
Constitution was manned by these men almost 1
exclusively through the war; and a great number '
of the men, on several other of our vessels, who
fought the naval battles of (he country, were from
New England, and the greater portion of them
from the fisheries. A greatnuraberof our priva-
teers were also manned by the same class of peo-
ple; and what did the country Iearil then ? The
country learned then, the moment they came to
have naval battles and to see the necessity of
having both privateersmen and ships of war, the
value of these men as sailors. They found, too,
by previouSexperience, that these men had been
reduced to a small number in consequence of the
decay of the fisheries occasioned by the repeal of
the bounty. They then learned two things: in
the first place, that it was a business that required
encouragement in order to keep it up; and in the
second place, that it was a business that, when
encouraged, furnished a class of men absolutely
essential to the naval glory of the country, abso-
lutely essential to the naval service in time of war.
Well, sir, all this experience did not go for
nothing. The men of those days learned wisdom
from experience. They were not frightened by
the term " bounty," or frightened by the term
"allowance." They saw, from experience de-
rived from the actual history of the business itself,
that in order to keep that business prosperous,
there must be someencouragementafforded by the
Government, on account of the very nature of it.
They saw that if that business was encouraged
by the Government, it would give us, in time of
war, a class of men absolutely essential for the
purposes of the'Government for the objects of na-
val warfare. They saw, too, that m time of war,
if that class of men did actually exist, if they were
kept in that pursuit, and had not, in the mean
time,gone into other pursuits ofdifferent character,
from the necessity of the case—as war would al-
most invariably put an end to the fishing to any
considerable extent—these men must resort to the
Navy in order to obtain subsistence as good as
that which they had been in the habit of receiving
in time of peace. These considerations had their
effect, and the result was the act of 1813, passed
in a time of war. Congress then imposed a duty
on imported salt, and, at the same time, they gave
this allowance—not, as I said before, making this
allowance payable on fish exported, but payable
upon the tonnage of the vessel, whether the fish
were exported or not—placing it, therefore, on a
distinct, substantial ground, and a ground which
cannot be explained or defended on the positions
assumed by the honorable Senator from Alabama
in his speech. As the war continued, these mat-
ters became more and more apparent. The al-
lowance itself was a small one, and the conse-
quence was that, in 1819, after the termination of
the war, the allowance made to vessels under these
circumstances was increased, and that increased
allowance has continued from that time down to
the present, although the policy has been repeat-
edly attacked, as I before stated.
Another objection which has been made by the
honorable Senator, although not urged at very
great length, is, that these bounties, as be calls
them, are unconstitutional. He cited several pro-
visions of the Constitution in support of the ground
which he took, but I am hardly willing to believe
that, asa lawyer, he is ready to place his objection
on either of these clauses. They are printed in
italics on the ninth page of his pamphlet speech:
" The Constitution declares that ■ direct taxes shall he ap
portioned among the several States neemding to their re-
spective numbers;5 that' no capitation or other direct tat
sliai! be laid unless in proportion to the census and that
4 all duties, imports, and excises shall be uniform through-
out tile United State*.'"
Now, can he bring this allowance made to fish-
ing vessels under either of these heads ? Is it a
direct tax, is it a duty, an impost, or an excise ?
Does it come within either of these descriptions?
The Senator will hardly contend that it does. At
any rate, it must be so manifest toeverybody that
none of these provisions applies to the case he
touches in any particular that I shall not trouble
myself to reply,or to irnaginean argument where,
I think, the Senator can hardly find one.
But, sir, he goes further, and places it on the
ground of inequality and injustice. With regard
to inequality. 1 can only repeat what i suggested
to him the other day. Because an allowance, or a
tax, or a burden of any description is unequal in
its operation, it does not follow that it becomes
necessarily unconstitutional. There is hardly any
duty that we impose which can be said to be equal
in its operation on all sections of the country.
The only thing that is necessary is, that there
should not bo anything in the imposition itself,
whatever that may be, that necessarily, from the
terms and p. ovisions of the act, renders it un-
equal in its operation upon different classes. How
it will operatein effect isanotherquestion. Why,
sir, we impose duties upon certain articles by way
of protection—to raise revenue, to be sure, but
operating as a piotectioa. For the purpose of
raising revenue, it will operate harder upon one
' section than another. Is it, therefore, unconsti-
tutional ? The Senator will fiardly contend that
i it is so. He cannot answer, I take it, the illus-
i tration that I gave him. The question I put to
' him is whether, because one particular section of
. the country consumes more of an article in pro-
| portion to the number of the people, per capita, than
another section of the country, a duty imposed
! upon that article would be unconstitutional on ac-
| countof its unequal operation. Nobody will con-
tend that it is. Is it unconstitutional because un-
I just in its operation? Who is to be the judge of
' that ? Somebody must decide. It must be de-
I cided by the power which makes the imposition.
| Congress, which lays the duty, must decide
[ whether it will be unjust in its operation or not.
I Could a court settle that question ? Could you
i: carry a question of that kind before a court, and
| undertake to prove by evidence adduced at the
I: bar that a duty operates unjustly upon different
sections of the country—a duty laid or a bounty
granted? No, sir. The argument, if addressed
to us simply as a reason for the repeal of the
bounty, that it is unjust in its operation, might
bo a very good argument if there were nothing to
reply to it; if there were no considerations of
public policy to adduce by way of answer, it
might be an argument that would address itself
decidedly to the understanding and the sense of
right of every man; but it is not an argument to
be addressed to the constitutionality of the bounty.
That is a question to be settled by the power
which has authority to make the imposition,
whatever the imposition may be.
The power to impose a bounty of this kind
may rest eitiier upon the commercial or the war
power. Where does the honorable Senator find
the power in the Constitution to give bounties to
soldiers who enlist for a certain specific time, or
for enlisting at all? It is in the power which is
given to Congress to raise armies, and to do ev-
erything that is necessary in order to raise an
army for the defense of the country. Where does
the Senator find the power, which was exercised
during the last war, of giving a bounty to pri-
vateersmen, paying a certain sum of money for
every prisoner taken by a privateer? It is de-
rived from the same power, the war power—or
the naval power, if you please—which is given
to Congress.
This, sir, may very well come under the same
head. Where do you find the power to establish
a naval school? Under the power to create a
navy; and will you not find the same po ««r to
establish a school for seamen that you do to es-
tablish a school for officers ? and it makes no sort
of difference how you do it. The mode in which
the object is to be effected must be left to Con-
gress. Congress must decide a question of that
kind. You may do it as well m one place as an-
other, in one mode as another. If the thing itself
is essential to effect the purpose which you desire
to accomplish, and the power is given to effect
that general purpose, the mode in which it is to
be done is to be left to Congress, which has the
power.
i It may come also under the head of regulating
commerce, though on that I do not deem it neces-
sary to enlarge. It is a power that has always
been used under our Government with reference
to war purposes. Bounties can be as well given
to sailors as to soldiers; schools may as well be
established for s3ilors as for soldiers. There is
■ no distinction. The principle is the same, and
the manner is one to be ascertained wisely by
those who have the power to do the thing itself.
It is, then, sir, a question merely of the cxpe-
i diency of giving bounties in this case as in all
others; and the question presents itself to Con-
gress in this light precisely: is itexpedient? Does
the good of the country justify the thing? As a
general system, I am averse to bounties; I am
averse to pensions; I am averse to all these things
that lay a burden upon the State, whatever they
may be. I vote for them, but I vote for them on
the ground of public expediency, of public neces-
sity, because, to carry on any Government, we
must do all that is necessary to accomplish the
great purposes Of that Government; and if we can-
not so well do what we wish in any oilier way,
the mode which is most proper, most economical,
and most easy, is to be adopted. As a general
rule, I wish we could dispense with all; but I
cannot, as a legislator, overlook this great prin-
ciple, that we are to be governed by the neces-
sities of the case in all instances; that we fire to
consider what the great interests of the country
demand, and see whether a matter which we would
willingly avoid must be submitted to for the attain-
ment of a great end. That is the only difference
which ought to guide us under the Constitution,
and I do not contend that on any occasion we
should violate any of the provisions of that instru-
ment to accomplish any good.
Then, sir, if that is a correct principle, and if I
have properly stated the foundation of this mat-
ter, the question arises simply as to the necessity
in this case, whether it actually exists, whether
it is wise, expedient, well for the country, under
the circumstances, that this allowance should be
continued. Sir, the sum is not a large one, and
I shall not trouble myself to talk about it; for if
the allowances ought to be repealed, we must
repeal them—that is all.
The Senator from Alabama denied that these
bounties have the effect to provide a class of sail-
ors, and he went into an exposition of his views
upon the subject, derived from some aid that he
got from some quarter—he did not tell us what—
to show that in reality they had no effect to pro-
vide the very class which they profess to provide.
His error consisted in supposing that the fisher-
men, the very men whose numbers we wish to
keep up, are the same kind of men with these
employed in our merchant vessels and in our
whaling ships. My colleague has shown in his
argument that about nine tenths I believe, cer-
tainly eight tenths, of all the sailors employed in
our merchant vessels and whaling vessels are for-
eigners.
Mr. CLAY. He said two thirds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not recollect what
he said, but I know what he showed.
Mr. HAMLIN. Two thirds and upwards.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Two thirds, I think, in
our ships of war, and a much larger proportion
in our whaling vessels and merchant marine. Let
me say to the Senator that the American sailors
who constitute the remainder, whatever their
number may be, as a general rule, are a portion
of these fishermen, educated originally in the fish-
eries. Leaving them out of the question, these
fishermen are not sailors in the common sense of
the word. Tliey do not get their living by going
to sea; that is not the great pursuit of theirlives.
They do not live upon the sea. Their home is
not upon the deep. Their home is on the land;
and yet they are a very peculiar class of people.
They are born on the shores of the Atlantic; thfcy
are accustomed to the water from their earliest
boyhood. The first thing they learn to do is to
sail a boat, and they follow up that acquaintance
with the water as long as they live and are able
to exert their bodily powers at all.
But, sir, notwithstanding that, they have homes;
generally the older members of the profession, if
I may call them so, have a little patch of land.
There is their home; there is their family. They
have wives and children. They go to sea in this
fishing business—not, as I said before, for the
purpose of acquiring homes upon the deep, as
sailors usually do; but for the purpose of helping
out their ordinary modes of livelihood. After a
while, the father, who has been in the fishing busi-
ness for a considerable period of years, retires;
he cultivates his piece of land, if he has been able
to purchase one, more or less, and his sons, as
they get old enough, engage on board the fishing
boats. They grow up in that business, and the
pay they get from the sale of their fish, enables
them to help out the family living. They con-
tinue m U very frequently through their lives,
