THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
- ate then acted with reference to their disapproval
of those proceedings. Sir, I marvel at the gen-
tleman's inquiry. How is it possible to divest the
Senate of this prerogative—todeny ihem the priv-
ilege of considering all the reasons that may apply
to any case where an officer is nominated for ap-
pointment to any situation r ft is incident to them,
as the council of the President, making appoint-
ments to office.
I say, then, that the simple object of this joint
resolution is to give to the President, in these
cases, the right which he has exercised in every
other case, from the earliest period in our politi-
cal history to the present time. I repeat that no
officer of the Army or Navy has ever been tried
by his peers; and there are just reasons for it. I
do not mean to speak disparagingly o( the officers
of the Army or Navy; but I have had some ex-
perience of the mode in which they discharge their
judicial duties. It has been my fortune to appear
m a professional capacity before naval courts-mar-
tial, quite as frequently, perhaps, as any other
gentleman in my neighborhood; and, from that
experience, I say, without intending disparage-
ment to those gentlemen, that their occupation,
their habits of life, their course of study, every-
thing, unfits them for the discharge of judicial
functions. Itis right, then, itis prudent and wise,
that their decisions should be subjected to the ex-
amination of some revising power, without pas-
sion, without prejudice, without partiality, to
weigh the testimony, and come to a just result.
I said that I was not in favor of the law which
passed at the last session of Congress. I do not
believe that the naval officers themselves were in
favor of that law5. They knew very well the dis-
advantages to which they would be subjected by
it; but they were like most men in extreme peril,
clinging to the frailest and weakest supports; they
believed that if Congress adjourned without pass-
ing any law for their relief, they would never have
the opportunity of obtaining that justice which
they ardently desired, and to which they consid-
ered themselves entitled; and they said, "at least,
give us the opportunity of appearing publicly be-
fore the courts, of producing our evidence, and
making up our records before the country; and
whatever may be the judgments of the courts,
however prejudice, or partiality, or any other un-
worthy motives may operate upon our judges,
still we shall have secured the opportunity of
coming before the public with this record in our
hands; we will show the testimony on which w-e
have been condemned, and we will appeal from
those courts to that tribunal which is never deaf
to the appeals of justice."
Now, Mr. Speaker, it may be supposed that the
passage of this resolution will increase the ex-
penses of the country; but that is not so. These
officers are now in the service; they are receiving
pay; some may be upon the reserved list; some on
the furlough list; but I believe, of all those who
would havean opportunity of malcini this appeal
to the President, not more than three or four'have
been dropped from the naval service. They are,
then, already in the service of the country. All
they ask is, that they may be put upon the active-
service list. I should rather say that ail they ask
is, that they may be enabled to submit the opinion
of these courts to the judgment of the President,
who may determine from their records whether
they deserve to be placed on the active-service list
or not. It involves no increase of expense. It
puts these men in the position that, if not wanted
for active-service, they will not be called into act-
ive service. It interferes with no promotion, and
does not displace any officer now in the Navy. All
that they ask is, that their cases may be tried on
the principles that have governed the decision of
all former cases. And, sir, is this reasonable re-
quest to be rejected by Co tigress ? Do we find so
much in these men to condemn that we will deny
to them the small boon that has been heretofore
freely extended to every man in like condition ?
I trust not; and until I am forced to a contrary
opinion, I will continue to believe that Congress
will do them the little justice that is asked.
Mr. WHITE-LEY obtained the floor; but
yielded to
Mr. SEWARD, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon fat
Arty-five minutes after three o'clock, p. m.) the
.House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wedsewit, JMnrch 3, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Sewell.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message was received fiom the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed the enrolled
bill to enable tile President of the United States
to fulfill the stipulations contained in the third
and sixth articles of the treaty between the Uni-
ted States and the King of Denmark, of the 11th
of April, 1857, for the discontinuance of the Sound
dues; and it was signed by the Vice President.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. IJAMMOND presented the memorial of
R. Smith, administrator of Arthur Middleton,
praying to be allowed ihe outfit of charged 'affaires,
the duties of which office were discharged by him
while secretary of legation at the Court of Ma-
drid; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Joha
Mason and others, heirs of Jeremiah Gilman, an
officer of the revolutionary army, praying to be
allowed half pay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DURKEE presented the memorial of the
Milwaukee and Rock River Canal Company,
piaying that the State of Wisconsin may not be
released from its indebtedness to the United States,
for moneys received from the sale of the canal
lands, without provision being made to protect
the rights of the company; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SIMMONS presented the memorial of
Catharine Denny, widow of John W. Denny,
praying that her pension may be continued; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of the
owners and conductors of the flouring mills at
Georgetown, District of Columbia, and others,
praying that the bill restricting the issue and cir-
culation of bank notes in the District of Colum-
bia may not bpcomealaw; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and a motion by him to print it
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, Tiiat the petition of Waiter M. Gibson, oil the
llle> of the Senate, be lefurieti to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a memo-
rial of mechanics of the District of Columbia, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 183,) for the enforcement of
mechanics'liens upon buildings, &c., in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read and passed to
a second reading
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Thomas Halenan, for
compensation for injuries to his property by the
grading of New Jeisey avenue, Washington," Dis-
trict of Columbia, submitted an adveise report;
which was concuried in.
Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom were referred papers re-
latmgto the claimofLieutenant W. P. Lovell,and
others, of the expedition in search of Dr. Kane, to
extra pay, submitted a renort accompanied by a
joint resolution (S. No. 20) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to pay to the officers and sea-
men of the expedition in search ofDr. Kane, the
same rate of pay that was allowed the officers and
seamen of the expedition under Lieutenant De
Haven. The resolution was read and passed to
a second reading, and the report was ordered to
bo printed.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. PUGH. The Committee on the Judiciary,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 3G) further
to amend an " Act to divide the State of Illinois
into two judicial districts," approved February
13, 1S55, have had the same under consideration,
and have instructed me to report a general act
as a substitute for that bill. I ask, if there be no
objection, that it be now put on its passage.
The substitute was read. It provides that all
suits, not of a local nature, hereafter to be brought
j in the circuit and district courts of the United
! States, in a district in any State containing more
than one district, against a single defendant, shall
i be brought ill the district in which the defendant
resides; but if there be two or more defendants,
! residing in different districts in the same State,
! the plaintiff may sue in either district, and issue
a duplicate writ against the defendants directed
to the marshal of any other district within the
State in which any of the defendants reside, on
which duplicate writ the clerk issuing it shall
indorse that ifr is a true copy of a writ sued out
of the court of the proper district, and the original
and duplicate writs so issued shall, when execu-
] ted and returned into the office from which they
j issued, constitute one suit, and be proceeded oil
i accordingly; and vipon any judgment rendered in
a suit so brought, process of execution may be
issued and directed to the marshal of any district
. in the same State. In suits of a local nature,
where the defendant resides in a different district
in the same State than the one in which the suit
is brought, the plaintiff may have original and
final process against such defendant, directed to
the marshal of the district in which he resides.
The second section provides that in all cases of
a local nature, at law or in equity, where the land
or other subject-matter of a fixed character lies
partly m one district and partly in another dis-
trict in the same State, the plaintiff may bring
his action or suit in the circuit or district court of
either district, and the court in which any such
action or suit shall have been commenced shall
have jurisdiction to hear and decide the same,
and to cause mesne or final process to be issued
and executed as fully as if the land or other sub-
i ject-matter were wholly withm the district for
which such court is constituted.
! Mr. STUART. It seems to me, if the Senator
is going to move a substitute entirely different
j from the bill which was referred, he had better
, have it printed, so that we can see it
j Mr. PUGH. I will say to the Senator it is
hardly worth while. In the case of Illinois, and
in one or two other cases, we find, on examin-
ation, that in dividing the State into two districts,
Congress did not make provision for process to
run from one district to the other. In some cases,
I as in Ohio, a special provision of that sort has
been made. Our object is to make it a universal
rule, and not to pass special acts in each case.
These are the provisions; they are relative to the
subject-matter where the defendants reside in dif-
ferent districts of the same State. It does not go
beyond that.
' Mr. STUART. I understood the bill to change
the general practice in the courts. If it is only
; to apply to special cases where a State is divided
I into judicial d-istricts, I shall not object.
Mr. PUGH. It makes no change in the gen-
eral practice. It is simply to apply the provis-
ions of law relative to the division of Ohio, to
; Illinois, and other States which have been di-
j vided.
I Mr. STUART. Where States are divided into
two districts.
j Mr. PUGH. Or more than two.
1 The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
, proceeded to consider the bill, and the substitute
; of the committee was agreed to. The bill was re-
! ported to the Senate as amended,and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill, as amended,
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed. The title was
amended so as to read, " A bill to provide for the
issuing, scrvice, and return of original and final
process in the circuit and district courts of the
United States, in certain cases."
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Some time
since, by order of the Senate, the following reso-
lution was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That, in addition to the u^ual numbei of copies
of the repoi t of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for
the year 18o7,there bo printed ten thousand copies
thousand copies for the use of the Senate, and hve thou-
sand copies ior distribution fiom the Coa^t Sui vcy Otbce
and that the same be printed and bound, with the plate?, in
auaito fonn ; and that the printing of said plate* shall be
done to the satisfaction of the Supeunteudeut ot the Coast
Survey,
The committee have instructed me to report, in
place of that resolution, the following:
Resolved, That, in addition to the usual number of copvcs
of the repott of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for
