1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
the vcar 1857, there he printed five thousand copies for dis-
tention I'iojii the Treasury Department; and that the same i
he pnntrd and bound,wnh the plate-. m quarto form ; and
that the pnntmjz nt «aid platen < hall he done to the satisfac-
tion of the Supeuntendent of the t'oa^t Survey.
This, it will be perceived, changes the course
which has hitherto been adopted l>v the Senate
in regard to (he printing of this report. By the
resoiution of the Committee on Printing, we de-
cline to recommend the printing of any of the
Coast Survey lenorts for distribution by members
of Congress. Wc do this upon the ground that
it is a work entirely of a scientific nature, con-
nected with commerce and navigation; and all the
numbers which are transmitted by members of
Congress to the interior States are lost to the pub-
lic service. For these reasons, the committee
think that the proper distribution of a work of
this character should not be made in this way,
and that the only proper point from which they
can properly be distributed at all is from the ex-
ecutive department of the Government.
The committee propose that this distribution
shall be made under the authority and direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury. Heretofore,
in a number of instances, Congress has chosen
to deal directly with the subordinate bureaus of
the Departments, thus building up an immediate
connection on their part with Congress, and re-
lieving the Secretaries from that responsibility
which they owe to the public, and passing it to
parties over whom we have no immediate juris- \
diction. We have authorized, by the practice 1
hitherto adopted, the distribution of five thousand
of these documents by the Coast Survey Office.
The Treasury Department is the Department to
which the Coast Survey Office or bureau belongs.
There should be some regular system established
for the distribution of these documents, if they
are to be distributed. The Department itself
being made, responsible, can always be reached
by Congress, and the method it may adopt for the i
distribution of the reports of the Coast Survey I
can always be controlled, and can be corrected by j
Congress, and it will be the proper subject of j
animadversion in these Halls whenever the dis- i
tnbution may be unsatisfactory. j
The committee are very well satisfied that, if the j
Secietary of the Treasury be made responsible for j
the distribution of these documents, he will take j
counsel with the Coast Survey Office, so that there }
will be a regular system adopted, and there will be j
an existing responsibility throughout the whole j
year on the part of the Superintendent of the Coast j
Survey, and an authority in operation all the time ;
—that of the Treasury Department—to see that .
this public business is properly conducted. Al- ;
though documents hitherto have been printed by |
Congress, and furnished for the use of subordin- .
ate bureaus, yet the committee do not believe that ,
to be the correct practicc; but think that, if any
copies are to be distributed in that way, they
should be furnished to the heads of the Depart-
ments, who will naturally consult with those bu-
reaus, and require them to adopt regular systems,
and the Departments themselves will be liable to
us for the proper discharge of the duty of distri-
bution.
It is under these circumstances that I am directed
to report, that m addition to the usual number of
copies of the report of the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey for the year 1857, there be printed
five thousand copies for distribution from the
Treasury Department; and that they be printed
and bound m quarto form, with the plates; and that
the printing of the plates shall be done to the sat-
isfaction of the Superintendent of the Coast Sur-
vey. Hitherto these publications have extended
to ten thousand copies. The committee regard
the five thousand copies heretofore distributed by
the members of the Senate, as little better than
thrown away. There is a great and general out-
cry against the extent to which the public print-
ing has gone; and the committee think it appropri-
ate that we should cut off that portion of it which
seems to be comparatively of no consequence. If
the Senate shall behove that ten thousand copies
should be printed, the committee think those ten
thousand copies should all go for distribution to
the Secretary of the Treasury's Department, so
that they may be carried directly and properly
into the channels of business which they are cal-
culated to facilitate or affect. I ask that the res-
olution, as reported by the committee, may be
adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved. That in addition to the usual number of copies
of the report of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for
th«' year 1807, there he printed five thousand copies for dis-
tribution from the Treasuiy Department; that the same be
printed and bound wtih the plate?, in quarto form ; and that
the punting of ?-aid plates i-haH bo done to the satisfaction
of the Superintendent of tin* Coa t Survey.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senate desire to re
trench in the matter of printing, they will find me
very zealous in cooperation with them on that
subject; hut I am riot, desirous of reducing the
number of copies of the Coast Survey report, as
proposed by the Senator from Arkansas. I know
that, there is an immense demand for them. I
know that that demand is not wholly confined to
the Atlantic coast, or that portion of our country
which is watered by rivers flowing into the At-
lantic or the Gulf. I know that even in the inte-
rior States there is some demand for these docu-
ments. I know that in every report, I think I
may say, which comes from that Coast Survey
Office, there is very valuable information, even
to those residing in the interior. I believe we
nowhere find such data for the correction of the
magnetic variation as we do in the Coast Survey
report, particular attention having been paid to
that subject. As for the rest, I suppose it is not
so immediately interesting to those m the interior
as to those on the coast; but there is very great
demand for them, as I said before. I know that
the demand on me is very great for them. Still,
I am very willing if the Senate think we should
not be the distributors of a document like this,
that it shall be referred to others; but I know that
there are nearly ten thousand names of persons
connected with our navigation, and deeply inter-
ested in all the matters of which the Coast Sur-
vey report treats, to whom the documents are
distributed by the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey.
Now, sir, how shall we effect a better distribu-
tion of these documents by refening it to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury? Every one knows that
that officer is so burdened already with the busi-
ness which is devolved upon him inevitably, that
the vast portion of that which is the proper busi-
ness of his Department is performed by other
heads and hands than his own; and if you were
to assign him this duty of distributing the Coast
Survey reports, he would turn it over to some sub-
ordinate clerk. It is likely the distribution would
be better effected by him than by the intelligent
head of the Coast Survey Office, who is acquainted
with mercantile men and persons engaged in the
navigating interest all through the country—who
has no motive on earth to distribute these docu-
ments partially and where they will be of no use,
but every motive to put them in the hands of those
to whom they will be useful? Even his own rep-
utation would induce him to do that. He is well
acquainted with that class of persons throughout
the country; probably better acquainted with them
than the Secretary of the Treasury we now have,
or any we are likely to have. At all events, he is
much* more likely to give his personal attention
and superintendence to that matter than the head
of the Treasury Department, who must, as I have
said before, turn it over to a subordinate clerk.
What better guarantee can you have for the per-
formance of that duty by some subordinate clerk
than under the intelligent gentleman at the head
of the Coast Survey?
I trust, whatever we shall do, we shall not, at
all events, assign it to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; because, in effect, that will be giving to a sub-
ordinate clerk of the Tieasury Department the
distribution of these documents. I know they are
of gieat interest—and I am sure the whole Sen-
ate is aware of it—at all events to the commercial
and navigating interest. They contain vast num-
bers of maps in advance of the finished maps
which it is the business of the Coast Survey to
complete. They publish every year skeleton
maps, which, though they are not complete, fur-
nish very important information to the navigator.
[ have had occasion, heretofore, to speak on the
subject, and to point out the numerous dangers
of our navigation, long unknown, until they were
discovered by the operations of the Coast Survey,
even in the most frequented parts of the waters of
the United States. For example: in Delaware
j; bay, and in my own Chesapeake bay? and in the
neighborhood of Boston, there were dangers to
navigation concealed from view, and never found
out, except by some wreck, until their exact po-
sition had been indicated and fixed by the opera-
| tionsof the Coast Survey. All these discoveries
! are immediately wade known through these skel-
■ eton maps, and the small quantity of text which
I accompanies them,and which make up the Coast
1 Survey report. I trust, therefore, that the reso-
lution will not be passed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am myself satisfied, Mr.
President, from the information which we have
received, that there is an expenditure in printing
! which is not justified by any just wants of the
| country, and I will cheerfully go with the chair-
I man of the Committee on Printing to correct any
| of the evils which may exist in that department.
| I have some knowledge of the question. I served
i long upon that committee; I know the manner iu
j which that printing has accumulated upon us.
| Notwithstanding ail that, sir, 1 regard this as the
; last document printed by the Senate at which the
j ax should be laid. I hold, in importance, it is not
] equaled by any other document that emanates
! from Congress 
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
| will allow me, as we wish to get along with this
j subject, to say that the utility of the publication
i is not questioned by the committee. If the Sen-
I ator wishes to bring that point into the debate, I
| think he will find many here who are disposed to
! abridge this whole bureau. There are forty-four
I or forty-five thousand dollars to be expended for
j printing this report alone, if we adopt the resolu-
! tion as introduced in the first place; but the utility
| of the work is not brought in question by the
ji committee. They have brought in question no
|i more than the method of distribution, and the
number of documents to be printed,
i Mr. HAMLIN. I did not understand from
| the report of the committee that the utility was
j brought in question, but it was as to the number
i which it is proposed to print that I was speaking;
; and the importance of the thing is certainly a very
i good reason why the usual number should be
| printed.- I, with the honorable Senator from Ma-
! ryland, would not abridge this work in number; I
, would not change the mode of distribution, if,
' however, it is wiser and better to allow any de«
\ partment of the Government to distribute either
i the number reported or any other number which
: shall be ordered, then the Senate can so order. I
| would prefer, if there are five thousand printed,
that a portion of them should be appropriated to
j Senators. In all the Atlantic States, more per-
! haps at the North, where there is most of navi-
| gation, but in all the Atlantic States at least, there
■ is no work published by Congress which meas-
| ures in importance with this.
! But, sir, if the report of the committee should
' be adopted as to the number, I then object to
| taking the distribution from Professor Bachc,and
transferring it to the Secretary of the Treasury.
1 It is reversing the order in which we have always
i proceeded; and, in my judgment, it is not neces-
I sary to be adopted at this time. I know it is sug-
| gested that we have a right to hold the Secretary
of the. Treasury to an accountability, and that a
j subordinate officer is not within our control. That
1 is all very true; but when this-matter goes to the
i Secretary of the Treasury,itpassesfrom the hands
' of the Secretary into the hands of a subordinate
clerk, who has no interest, who has no feeling,
perhaps, beyond that which is measured by the
simple consideration of his compensation. How
is it with Professor Bache? It is the work of hw
' |ife it is the pride of his life1. He and his em-
| ployes are all along the coast; they are better ac-
| quainted with the commercial men; they are bet-
j ter acquainted with the points where the work
I may be appropriately distributed, than any other
i men in the country, save those who live in the
I localities. I say this is a proposition reversing
I the usual order. We direct a large number of the
Patent Office reports to be printed, and out of that
number we appropriate a certain quantity for the
use of the Commissioner of Patents. Why not
divert them, for the same reason, to the Secretary
of the Interior?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will say to the
Senator that that is the intention of the committee;
and I am instructed to make that report.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well. I only say this
proposes to change the usual course, and to take
