1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
other fish that is valuable, shall we refuse to do
bo for the reason that we are engaged in another
as a main business, and may have to extend our
voyage somewhat over the four months to make
out the four months' fishingfor cod >" That was
their reasoning. They said they relied upon the
cod fishery; it was important to them; they could
not give it up; but that frequently their cod fish-
ing voyage was a failure, and that they might
make up their loss by coming across mackerel,
and Ailing their vessels with mackerel.
That question arose just before Judge Wood-
bury's death. A large fleet of fishing vessels—
some dozen or more—were seized and carried into
Newport, and the district judge condemned them.
The owners took an appeal to the circuit court,
and Judge Woodbury reversed the decree. He
said that there was no fraud in it; that it was a
matter of time; and suppose they did fit out and
take a license for cod fishing: all the law required
was that they should honestly devote four months
to cod fishing, and it was unreasonable to require
them to pass by this wealth that was floating on
the water, and not pick it up and avail themselves
of it because they had taken out a cod-fishing li-
cense. From that day to this, the practice has
been in accordance with Judge Woodbury's de-
cision.
These are the great frauds which are pretended
to be set up ! Why, sir, it was not long before I
came away that a revenue cutter brought two or
three vessels, seized under similar circumstances,
into the town where I live. They went before
the court, and I understand they have been dis-
charged. They had barrels on board for the mack-
erel fishery. Cod fishing was the great business,
but they took on board materials for mackerel.
A different gear and a different bait are used; and
they had on board their vessels a sufficient num-
ber of barrels for any quantity of mackerel they
might take. They were seized, brought in, and
discharged. Judge Woodbury said the question
■was one of intention: did they, under the guise
ofa cod-fishing voyage, mean a mackerel voyage ?
It is very frequently the case that they go out
fitted for cod fishing afid mackerel, and they spend
the whole time fishing for mackerel, and catch no
cod at all, and then when they come in they do not
apply for bounty. The fraud is in undertaking
one business under pretense of being engaged in
another, and then obtaining bounty which they
have not earned. All this charge has been upset
by the courts; and all the documents the Senator
has collected—his great pile, which it will take
him so long to read, have been completely over-
turned by the decision of the judge of the circuit
court.
Mr. CLAY. That is only a tithe part of the
frauds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have got one tithe.
What are the others ?
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator wants to hear them,
I will read some specifications.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no doubt there
has been cheating in that business, as in all other
kinds of business; but it is not committed by the j
fishermen—those whom wc arc looking out for. ]
Mr. CLAY. First, in respect to the agreement
■which the law requires shall be made between the
master and crew, and indorsed by the owner.
The common testimony of the various collectors—
I read from the report of Mr. J. Ross Browne 
Mr. FESSENDEN. A man who was laughed
at, and humbugged, and made fun of all the way
down.
Mr. CLAY. Perhaps he may have been
laughed at by those in the fishing business, but
what he said is proved to be true.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He went to the collect-
ors and got justsuch stories as he wanted.
Mr. CLAY. But it is corroborated by the ad-
vocates of the fisheries who protest against the
repeal of the bounties. It is corroborated by the
report of the collector at Boston, who maintained
in the same report that the bounties were indis-
pensable for the sustenance of the fisheries, and
indispensable for the preservation of this " nur-
sery of seamen." So, too, all the collectors from
whom I quoted, and transcripts of whose letters
I have here sustain these assertions throughout.
Hence, if this is laughed at, in like manner the
reports of all these collectors must be laughed at;
and if this is false, they are al! guilty of false-
hood; and the way in which the Senator must
i vindicate the fishermen from the imputation of
; obtaining these bounties in fraud of the law is by
! imputing malicious and wicked falsehood for no
■ purpose whatever that I can see, wanton false-
' hood to the several collectors in his own State, as
i well as in the States of Massachusetts and New
i Hampshire.
In respect to the provision of the law, in regard
to the agreement, Mr. Browne says, that " what-
ever importance may be attached to this as a
means of protection to the owners, it is practically j
of very little avail to the crew in the distribution 1
of bounty allowances." That is corroborated by
the admissions of the fishermen themselves, as I
i am prepared to show. The law requires, as I
i interpret it, and as it has been interpreted at the
| Department from the time it was enacted, that this
• bounty shall be divided in proportion to the fish
' caught by each man during his season, and that
the division of the proceeds of the voyage shall be
in the like ratio—in proportion to the fish caught
by each man; yet I have here, in the memorials
of some of the owners of fishing vessels, the dec-
laration that they do not divide the proceeds of
the voyage in that way, but that the owners of a ;
vessel take one half, and the other half is divided
equally among the crew. There is a violation of
the law, which the Senator says it is absurd to
charge, reported by one person, who he says was '■
! laughed at by the fishermen; but who is corrob-
orated not only by the collectors, but by the ad-
missions of the owners of the fishing vessels them-
[ selves.
1 Then, in respect to the seamen, he says, " three
fourths of the crew are required, under the act of
1817, to be American seamen." 1 do not so in-
i terpret the law, as I may take occasion hereafter
' to show. The law does not use the word " citi-
1 zens," butpersons not owing foreign allegiance."
• 1 have read from the testimony of two newspa-
i pers, and I could have adduced others, but I did
not retain them; these happened accidentally to
I be in my secretary, and were brought up. What
is stated by Mr. Browne, and by the collectors,
is, that the owners of fishing vessels go out upon
the coast of the British provinces and there obtain
| men for half, or little more than half, what they
would have to give, or agree to give, to American
seamen; and hence they say the bounty does not
inure in that respect to American seamen.
Next, as to the examination of the vessel which
is required to be made, in order to see that she has
a proper outfit, he says, " such examinations are
generally understood to be matters of form."
Such is the testimony of some of the revenue cut-
ters, one of whose communications I have here, j
employed a long time upon the coast of New i
England—the revenue cutter Morris. Again Mr. j
Browne said: '
! "Regular journals, or log-books, containing the daily
catch of the crew, the date of sailing, the ports entered,
and date of return, are inquired to be kept, and sworn to
by the captain, as proof before the collector."
I believe Judge Story decided that it was neces-
sary to keep them.
{ " If every claimant who testified under oath to the legal-
I ity of his claim could be depended upon, there would be
; no occasion for such a complexity of forms. It is well
j known to officers of the customs that but little importance (
: is attached to an oatli by this class of men. in their dealings '
wall the custom-house. Many of these journals or log- !
! books are made up after the voyage, without reference to 1
i tnne lost or fraudulently employed, and are duly sworn to
' as authentic records. Nearly every officer of the customs,
i from Eastport to New Bedford, intorms me that this is a
practice winch they find it very difficult to guard against; 1
j and their concurrent testimony justifies the belief that such
| frauds are of frequent occurrence." '■
I In corroboration of that, Mr. Scudder, in his
1 speech, to which I have frequently alluded, in
! 1852, adverted to this as one of the unnecessary ;
i and harsh requirements of the Department, which .
' he said it was very difficult for them to comply j
| with, and that he did not think the law required j
j it, although, as I understand his decision, Judge ;
■ Story did decide that it was necessary it should I
be kept. Then, vessels to be entitled to this |
bounty, must be exclusively employed in taking •
cod fish, to be dried or dry-cured during the ag- j
gregate period required by law. j
" The Department is well aware that applications are i
made every day by collectors of the customs for new reve- j
nuc boats, additional boatmen, and increased allowance ,
| for repairs, all based upon the necessity of keeping a more \
i rigid guard upon the movements ot these fishing vessels. [
! Tile tiles of tile Department can scarcely contain all the
letters that are received, not only from the collectors in the
i fisbingdistricts,butfromUieRepresentatives,Senators, and >
Governors of the States, eomplainingof thefrauds committed
by the fishermen and others, and urging ttte appointment of
additional inspectors, aids to the revenue; and boatmens
and the increase of boats and revenue stations, as the only
means of affording protection to the Government"
In corroboration of this statement I avouch the
same reports of collectors ty the Treasury De-
partment. In so.me of them they state that a cer-
tain revenue cutter may be dispensed with, now
that the fishing season is over, and the fishefmeri
are no longer engaged in catching bounty. In an-
other instance they attribute the diminution of the
allowance to the fishing vessels, paid out during
one year, to the exceeding vigilance of certain rev-
enue officers on the cutters, whereby they detected
attempts to defraud the Treasury in the case of a
dozen or more fishing vessels that were prevented
from realizing the bounty. I have no.t only the
letters of collectors, but I have the letters of men
who I suppose are respectable, referring to Sen-
ators and Representatives from those "States to
vouch for their integrity of character, corrobora-
ting these statements. As is stated here, the files
of the Department can scarcely contain the letters
which have been sent to the Department on this
subject; and, as I said before, the reason why I
did not present them to the Senate was that they
were too voluminous, and would occupy too much
time; but if the Senator will do as I have done—
go to the Department and take the trouble to in-
spectthese letters—he will see that I was not with-
out the warrant of testimony which seemed to
be creditable; and that according to all the rules
which prevail in courts of justice, I was bound to
credit them until they were discredited, to fortify
me in the assertion which I made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I attach
very little consequence to the statements made by
the collectors and revenue officers in relation to
this matter. That there are frauds, more or less,
committed in this business, as in all other busi-
ness connected with the revenue, I have no doubt,
but I doubt very much whether there are more
in this business than in others, in proportion to
the number engaged in it. Such things are tuia-
voidablefrom the nature of men. Bad men, un-
principled men, will get into every business, and
they will attempt to commit frauds on the revenue.
But, sir, with reference to these letters let me
state one fact which is perfectly well known. It
is a great object with every man who is the col-
lector of a port, on the coast of New England
especially, as he thinks, to have a revenue boat.
He must have a revenue boat with an officer and
men under his command. It is very convenient
for many purposes. In the first place it increases
his patronage and he gets so many more persons
to work at elections- Besides, be gets an excel-
lent chance to take a sail himself and he becomes
a more important man. Consequently, it has
been very much the habit of revenue officers in
that section to write such letters, and they get
everybody to sustain their applications. Weail
know how easy it is to get these recommendations
from Governors and others, especially of thesame
political party, and I am not drawing a distinction
between the two parties now, as to the necessity
of having more aid to prevent frauds on the reve-
nue. It becomes very convenient to charge the
fishermen with them. Now let me state a single
fact in answer to all this charge. There is agen-
tleman, a citizen of Maine, now at the head of
one of the bureaus in the Treasury Department,
who was for many years a Representative from
Maine in the other House—a man of intelligence.
He was at the head of the Committee on Com-
merce of the House of Representatives when this
matter was first hinted at by the Senator from
Alabama, and he told me then that he had inves-
tigated the subject, that he had taken the pains
to write to every collector in the State of Maine,
in regard to the frauds which were alleged, and
that he got answers from all of them that they
knew of none of any kind of consequence. Some
slight attempts had been made but nothing that
amounted to anything. He said he had those
letters among liis papers and would find them and
give them to me in order that I might be ready to
meet any statements on that point.
Mr. CLAY. In order to settle this matter will
the Senator allow me to read the memorial of
owners of fishing vessels themselves? This is
one from Newburyport—the first one I lay my
hands on—to the Secretary of the Treasury :
" Honorable Sir: We, the undersigned, citizens of the
