202$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
United States, residing in the district of the port of New-
buryport, engaged in the fishery, and believing ourselves
entitled to the fairing bounty upon the several vessels herein
named, herewith present the same to you, praying that in-
struction may be forwarded to the collector of tins port, for
the payment of the same, if, upon the examination of our
statements, a** herein seiTorth> it shall appear to your honor
that we are etmtled to the same, agreeable to the usages of
other ports and customs of the States; and we herewith
make known to you that whereas, by th** great change in the
fishing since the passage of the act granting bounties for
the same; that by a strict construction of the letter of said
act, we do not consider it possible that the same should be
paid, as we know of no vessel, or class of vessels, engaged
in any way in the fishing business, that are not necessi-
tated to take aH kinds of fish that they can procure, and
that by so doing it has become a mixed fishery; that vessels
engaged in the Grand Bank fishery, which is the nearest to
an exclusive cod fishing business; that it is the practice to
take out and cure other kinds oi fish, a great part of which
also go to the fishermen, as is also the case with the Cape
Shore fishermen, whereby your honor will see that the same
has become a mixed fishery, and believing that the spirit of
the law having been fully complied with, and a liberal con-
struction of this act entitles us to said bounty allowance,
without any fraud upon the Government, and knowing the
usages of other ports in Massachusetts, as also mihe States
of New Hampshire and Maine, bounties are paid to vessels
employed in the same manner as ourselves; and wishing for
nothing more in the administration of the laws than that
the same usage may be accorded to us in Newburyporr,
and the same interpretation and construction of the law be
had by the collector of this port as prevails in Gloucester,
Salem, and Marblehead, in our own county of Essex, as
well as in other parts of the State.
" And we will herewith state that by the construction of
our collector, he having considered the business in which
we are engaged, as a mixed fishery, and that it is only an
exclusive cod fishing that would give us the bounty, there-
by confining hun-elf to strict construction of the letter of
the law. (instructions per circular,) and not willing to act
upon the spirit and intent with winch the same was made,
and as we believe the same should be administered to us,
and as we know is the usage in other ports, and desiring
nothing but the same usage, that we may not be degraded
in our employment below our neighbors. We have herein
most respectful v made known our complaints, set forth
what we con>ider our just and honest claims, and ask for
your favorable consideration of the same
i* To the Hon. J.vmes Gcthrie, Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States of *dmerica.>y
It is signed by the owners of twenty-five fish-
ing vessels.
Mr. FE3SENDEN What is the date of that?
Mr. CLAY. January 27,1854. The Senator
may reply to this as he has endeavored to do
heretofore, by argumgthat the law has been im-
properly construed by the Department, and that
according to the construction put upon it by Mr.
Woodbury, th«y would he entitled to the bounty
notwithstanding they had, under a cod-fishing
license,taken other fish;but that is on fhehypoth-
esis that they were employed four mu-iths in the
year exclusively in catching cod fish.
I do not understand ttoe Senator to mean, and
I do not impute to him that he means, that they
have been four months continuously engaged in
catching cod fish; but what he means to say is a
very nice wire-drawn distinction, such as I do not
think the cod fishermen, or any but an astute
lawyer, such as he is known to be, would ever
prefer in their defense; and that is that although
they may go out wi h a cod-fishing license, under
that license they may legitimately take other fish
one day, as if they come across a shoal of mack-
erel, or halibut, or haddock, or any other fish, they
may take any of them: and that if they make up for
thatday by superadding to the four months, that
would have expired, a d-iy engaged in catching cod
fish, they still come wuhmthe bounty. The Sen-
ate will mark that these memorialists do not draw
that distinction; they do not predicate their claim
on that statement; but they maintain that they
have pursued a mixed fishery; and though they
have taken and cured other fish; though they may
have taken fresh fish and brought it to market;
though they may have alternated between catch-
ing the cod or any other fish as it came in their
way, yet they say they are entitled to this bounty.
Then again, sir, the regulations require, to en-
title them to this bounty, that they should make,
and I believe subscribe an oath, that they have
pursued this fishery exclusively for the period of
time required by law, four months. Now, can
they take that oath ? If they do not violate the
law, if it is not legal perjuiy, I ask whether it is
not moial perjury, which certainly, in fvro coii-
tcieiU'uEy is just as criminal, if they have pursued
another fishery than the cod fishery.
Mr. FEsSENDEN". I stated before that I had
no doubt that some frauds were committed in this
business as in aii other business connected with
the Treasury.
Mr. CLAY. I have Hm I nny
read hereafter, but I am not going to trouble the
Senate with them now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose they are of the
same character. I do not attach much force to any
of them. They are exceedingly nice, finical ob-
jections, picket! up against a policy which has
been pursued by the Governmentupon great prin-
ciples for the last forty years, to say the least, in
order to accomplish a purpose connected with our
Navy, and which the Senator undertakes to upset
on the ground that some people connected with it
attempt to commit frauds upon the revenue, and
receive this bounty when they are not entitled to
it, and that officers of the Government complain
in consequence. Why, sir, all I have ?o say is,
that if the safeguards are not sufficient, make them
stronger. You cannot make all men-good as they
should be, in any particular business. The ques-
tion is, is it a sufficient reason to be adduced here
for this proposition, that certain representations
are made as to attempts to do wrong with refer-
ence to the details of this matter? Suppose the
provisions of the law, or the particular provisions
of the Treasury regulations, in some particular in-
stances are construed differently in one place from
what they are construed at the Department and at
another: does it therefore follow that the policy
itself must be abandoned ? No such consequence
follows. Evils of this kind are incident to all
business, and moreespecially when connected with
a class of men who, although possessing a certain
degree of intelligence, are not of the highest intel-
ligence and education.
j It ha<* been said that the fishermen are cheated
j out of the bounty. That is not so. I have ex-
! plained that. They may not always get the money
1 directly; but if the man gets the benefit of it, if it
i is divided, what difference does it make ? If an
i owner of a vessel finds that it is absolutely ne-
cessary for him to make a particular bargain with
the fishermen, what difference does it make if he
pays them bounty in the first plac1, and, in conse-
quence of the agreement made, they pay him back
a part of it? They make such a bargain as will
suit the interests of all concerned. Theyare sharp
men. They know what can be done. They are
not an ignorant class of men who do not know
their rights. They understand them as well as any
man does his. If the provisions of the law are
such in reference to the compensation that they
cannot avail themselves of the whole of it from
the poverty of the business and want of income
and hardships connected with it, that is an argu-
i ment for increasing the bounty rather than for
j taking off what there is. The argument of the
| Senator works the other way. It makes no dif-
| ference whether they get it in the shape of money
' or supplies, and it makes no difference m reality
i in reference to the sreat principle whether there
i are these trifling difficulties growing out of the
i Treasury regulations in relation to the payingover
] of this allowance, or obtaining of this allowance
I m some cases. All of us must see sufficient cause
| for that in the nature of the business. The ques-
tion m my mind is this : if it was a mere gift,
; which I would not justify, made to these fisher-
j men because they were poor, I would sweep it all
! away on the ground the Senator states; but if this
i is a policy of the Government for a great purpose
! connected with the Government, then if the ob-
1 jections exist, increase the stringency of your
! regulations, increase your safeguards, do what
: you please, but do not abandon the policy because
, it is subject to some trifling abuses which after ail
in extent amount to very little. That is the an-
swer which 1 have to make in reference to all the
Senator has said on that subject.
There is om. other point remaining to be spoken
of. It is the position that has been stated in con-
versation—whether it was in the argument of the
Senator or not I do not know—that, if you take
off this bounty, there will be just as much fish-
ing, because the amount of the bounty will be j
added to the price of the fish. It is said the effect \
will only be to raise the price, and the amount j
will fall upon the consumer. That is not true in j
any sense of the word, and cannot be true. In '
the first place, this is a food that will not bear j
a In'gh price. It is neither a necessity nor a lux- j
ury. Fish is a peculiar kind of food, as we all :
know. So far as it is exported, it is exported
principally for the Catholic use into Catholic
countries. Very little of it goes to Protestant 1
countries, or is sought for there. Very little, !
comparatively, i# used here. Although a desira-
ble article as a change of diet, it is not from its
nature and character a kind of diet that will allow
of a high price or much increase of price.
Another reason is, that the fishermen in this
country are subjcct to very great competition.
That competition is at our own doors, in the Brit-
ish Provinces—people who carry on the business
to great advantage, because it does lie immediately
at their doors. The price of this article of food
must be graduated according to the competition it
meets; and, as my colleague stated,-we meet that
competition in our own markets. The French,
from their two points of St. Pierre and Miquelon,
absolutely pay a bounty on the exportation of
fish brought into the country. They pay $1 90'
to their fishermen for every quintal brought into
this country, in addition to the bounty they pay
in advance. It is perfectly idle to talk about rais-
ing the price of fish, and taking thataddition to the
price from the consumer, when we are subjected
to competition of that description, and competi-
tion also from those who live in the British Prov-
inces.
I have proved, sir, as I think, these points: first,
that the policy of the Government on which these
bounties were predicated is a policy of providing
a corps of able seamen for the Navy in time of
war; second, that that policy has proved effectual,
and has been approved by the experience of the
country; third, that the continuance of these boun-
ties, from the very nature of the business, is ab-
solutely necessary in order that it should continue
for our purposes; and if you take them off, the
inevitable consequence, in my belief, as proved
by all experience, and derived from the nature of
the business, is that it must fall off. The country
must be without a sufficient supply of that kind
of service in the time of its naval warfare, if that
hour arrives. I hope it never will arrive; but if
it does, every Senator who hears me knows very
well that we shall have occasion for naval service,
and that we shall have occasion for seamen to fight
our battles on the water; and we shall have occa-
sion for privateers, for I am not one of those who
hold that privateering ought to be abolished. I
dissent entirely from the doctrine which has been
sought to be enforced at the present day, in that
regard. I hold that, as a community, privateer-
ing forms our most essential and effectual safe-
guard, in case we should be involved in warfare
with any of the great naval Powers of the world.
It must be so from the very nature of our institu-
tions: we cannot keep up that immense naval ar-
mament that is kept up by the first class Powers
of Europe. Our defense must necessarily be in
the power which we have with our privateers to
sweep the commerce of our enemy from the ocean.
It was effectual in the last war; it did more than
even our naval battles themselves, vastly more,
to bring that war to a conclusion. As my friend
from Connecticut [Mr. Foster] suggests, we
might as well give up the militia. You must have
men; and in order to have them you must take
care that they receive sufficient encouragement not
to abandon that business which is the only oppor-
tunity you have to furnish yourself on this con-
tinent with a corps of men who can perfoim that
essential service—that service without which we
should be subjected, on the first outbreak of any
difficulty with a great naval Power, to have our
commerce swept from the ocean without the pos-
sible power of retaliation, and be at the mercy of
our enemy.
Now, it only remains for the Senate to say
whether they are disposed, for this small amount,
to strike at a system which has been sustained so
long; a policy which was adopted so early, and
has been continued with the approbation of the
country from the very beginning of the Govern-
ment down to the present time. Great men, able
men, have made attacks, serious and strong at-
tacks, on this policy: but it has stood strongly
intrenched in the judgment of the people of the
country down to the present time, for the reason
that experience had proved its value,and experi-
enced men had given the weight of their authority
to it. I hope, sir, we shall not now reverse a
policy so Ions: established and so well approved.
Mr. SIMMONS. Does the Senator from Ala-
bama propose to take a vote on this bill to-day?
Mr. CLAY, i hope so.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no particular interest
in this matter, as I pmeeive by the figures v/hiwh
