1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have been presented by the Senator from Ala-
bama that the State of Rhode Island has but one
fishing vessel, and I do not suppose that my con-
stituents will suffer much if the bounties-be re-
pealed, according to the Senator's notion; but,
sir, I believe that these fishing bounties are just
as much to the interest of my State as if the fisher-
men lived there. I do not hold that, because the
location ofthese fishermen haipens to bein Maine
and Massachusetts, the other States of the Union
have, therefore, no interest in keeping up this em-
ploy ment. I believe that theSenatorfrom Alabama,
by the very tables he has introduced, has given a
betterargument in favor of continuing those boun-
ties than I could give if I were to undertake an in-
vestigation of the subject with a view to support
the bounties. He has said that other maritime na-
tions not only gave bounties to the cod fisheries,
but also to the mackereland to the whale fisheries;
but that notwithstanding France and England and
Holland have given these bounties to the whale
fisheries, our whale fishermen have outstripped
them all. Now, sir, I believe that the success of
this country in the whale fisheries is entirely due
to that very nursery ofseamen which those boun-
ties have furnished. Look at the location of the
whale fishery in this country, and you will see
that it takes its root in the mackerel and cod fish-
eries. It is not successfully carried on from any
other portion of this country, unless that sur-
rounded by the cod fisheries. It has never suc-
ceeded in Rhode Island, for the reason that we
could never cultivate the cod fishery; because we
do not live near enough to the fishing grounds,
or for some other reason. We have tried whale
fishing, and only in a very few instances could we
make it succeed. Look to New Bedford, as the
Senator from Maine has stated—the richest town
in the United States, with more whale tonnage
than all the rest of our towns put together. Why
is it so? Because it is the center of the cod fish-
ermen, and the whale ships are recruited from
men who have been engaged in these little fish-
ing vessels.
The Senator says the whale fishery flourishes.
It do s flourish; it has the kind of men to make it
flourish. I once before asked, when this matter
was up in the Senate, whether any Senator be-
lieved that south of Masun & Dixon's line they
could man a ship that would catch a whale. No,
sir; they can neveri'aise the men for it where there
is good soil and profitable employment; but you
can get the men at such places as Marblehead,
where you cannot raise potatoes. You might as
well live on a flat rock. They must fish or starve,
and that is tuft reason they fish. There is a kind
of saying th^re that a man must fish, cut bait, or
starve; and that is the reason these men ore trained
in this service. There is no other w v to get a
living there, and that is how the proverb arose.
I wish to ask the Senator's attention to the cost
of nurturing these seamen. The Senator from
Matne{Mr. Hamlin] theotherday, showed what
they wer • worth in the last war. Now, let us see
what they cost. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire, I believe, has submitted an amendment to
this bill, to abolish the Naval School and the Mil-
itary Academy. I am against the bill and against
the amendment, but I think th^v are intimately
connected. If you want a naval school to make
officers it seems to me you want a fishier school
to make seamen; and the cost of the two is about
in proportion as then- pay—not exactly in the pro-
portion of their pecuniary pay—but in proportion
as the glory is to these classes of men. The Sen-
ator from Alabama tells us that during the exist-
ence of this Government we have paid 812,000,000
for fishing bounties, and that there are about fif-
teen thousand people annually employed in them.
We have been sixty-nine years in existence, and
if we educase fifteen thousand sea.men a year in
the fisheries, the whole number is one million
thirty-five thousand; and the cost of their educa-
tion is about twelve dollars a piece.
Mr. CLAY. The average number employed
in the fisheries does not reach ten thousand. The
average for the last decade has been thirteen thou-
sand.
Mr. SIMMONS. I took the Senator's tables
as he presented them, and am not going to cipher
very closely. If it took four years to educate a
satlm, ;is it does to educate a soldier, the cost
Win1,' hp forty-eight dollars. 1 understand from
the chairman of the Committee on Finance that
it cost $3,200 to educate an officer at yo.ur Naval
School—$800 a year for four years. Thus the
proportion is forty-eight dollars for the sailor to
$3,200 for the naval officer, and that is about in
inverse proportion to the work they do. The
sailors do all the fighting and the others get all
the glory. You might as well abolish your Naval
School for officers at once if you undertake to re-
peal these bounties and destroy the nursery of the
sailors.
I am not going into the question of whether this
was a drawback originally or not. I have no
doubt that memorials may be found in favor of
drawbacks and in favor of bounties, presented
with the arguments of an ingenious lawyer for
one or the other, but that has nothing to do with
the question of nurturing sailors. Those who
sent in the memorials wanted to get the bounty.
There was some obstacle thrown in the way by
the Treasury circulars, and they endeavored to get
the bounty, and presented whateverargument was
designed to accomplish that end. The Senator
reads that as an argumentagainst thesystem. It
is a mere memorfal drawn upljy some sensible
man, I agree, because it was drawn up to get the
bounty, and they generally accomplished it.
The Senator from Alabama has told us of frauds
in consequence of those vessels catching mack-
erel, when they took a license for a cod-fishing
voyage. I remember the circumstance alluded
to by the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,]
as to the vessels taken in Newport. Whenever
there is a storm, these vessels arc in the habit of
making Newport, which is the best harbor on
that coast, and they come in there in droves. I
have seen two hundred fishing vessels come in in
a storm. On the occasion alluded to by the Sen-
ator from iVJaine, these political men in the cus-
tom-house, under directions from the Treasury,
got the notion that if a vessel with a cod fish
license caught mackerel, the license was forfeited.
About half the newspaper articles presented hfre,
and quoted in the speech of the Senator from Ala-
bama, about the cod fishermen, were made uo, I
will not pretend to say by men who held office,
but I will say that they are arguments made either
to get office or to satisfy the party after they have
got it. They do not care anything about the fish-
ermen or the fishing bounties. The officers in
Rhode Island, as I said, got the notion that a fish-
ing vessel was forfeited if she had on board any
gear to catch mackerel with. Two or three hun-
dred came into Newport out of a storm, and the
officers seized them. There was a long trial, and
finally the officers were beaten,and they had about
as hard a trial to get their fees at the Treasury as
they had with the fishermen; and I think the
Treasury ought never to have paid them, because
it was mere pirating on the poor fellows, who
came into the harbor to get rid of the storm.
Sir, these fishing bounties are well spent. If
we cannot afford to pay twelve dollarsa year, for
four years, to teach a sailor, and make him a good
seaman, one that can be relied upon in time of
war, we had better give up our Naval School, and
stop paying §3.200 to educate a naval officer. 1
believe that money to be well spent, and, in my
judgment, the time'is not far distant when we shall
want all the officers and all the sailors to support
the rights of this country. We are going off on
the wrong track. This notion of setting the mack-
erel fishermen and the whale fishermen against the
cod fishermen, because they do not all get boun-
ties, is the very system which is undermining the
whole labor of this country. It is easy enough
to set one class of hard working men against an-
other, and tell them "the Government does not
protect you but protects another; let us get rid of
what protection the fishermen have," and thatis
the object of the newspaper paragraphs that have
been introduced. If there were three shoemakers
here, I could get the voice of all others to under-
mine their business, because I could say, "wego
for the greatest good to the greatest number; all
of us buy shoes and there are very few who make
them." These fishing craft have diminished in
proportion to the rest of our commerce, as the
Senator says. That is proof positive that the
bounty is not very gi eat and the business not very
profitable. The increase in all other departments
of industry has been fourfold to wnat it has been
in this, which has received a bounty The Sen-
ator has made out that faat in his speech. If this
fishing business is a profitable one, I want to know
why there are not more in it; why do not people
invest their money in it and make thegreat profits
of which the Senator told as ? There are no such
profits in any business as the Senator estimated
in this—some twenty or thirty per cent, a^e&r.
Why, sir, it would ruin the world if any import-
ant branch of business paid thirty per cent. Peo-
ple cannot make money enough to allow thirty
Fer cent, on any considerable branch of business,
have had a little experience in casting interest,
and I will give an illustration.
Whew I was a boy I happened to spend thirty-
five dollars to get me a suit of training clothes as
I should call them now, but they were called mil-
itary clothes then. When I got to be sixteen
years old I was very patriotic. I lived in New-
port, and it was considered to be a very hazard-
ous place in case of a war. It was a good harbor;
it had been taken in the time of the Resolution;
and it was thought it would be taken if we had a
war with Great Britain. My schoolmaster was
a major in this military company and we had an
ex-Senator who invited me to spend what little
pocket money I had, to be a soldier. I went in-
at sixteen, but I do not suppose I could geta land
warrant to save my life. [Laughter.] 1 spent
thirty-five dollars on the clothes, and I have cast
the interest on it since I have been here, to See
how much those thirty-five dollars, at the current
rates of interest, the two and a half per cent, to
which I alluded last December, would amount in
1861, about the time Mr. Buchanan is going out
of power, supposing that money might be very
valuable then. I believe there is not a man in the
Senate now who would believe me if he did not
know that I would not cast it improperly; but if
I had had that thirty-five dollars at thirty per
cent, per annum, accumulating until this day, this
Government could not pay the interest on it with
all the taxes they could levy. The annual inter-
est at thirty percent, would amount to more than
the national debt of England does to-day; and
they require $200,000,000 to pay their interest,
and they reel under it. It is more than three hun-
dred and thirty million dollars. Three hundred
and thirty million dollars at thirty per cent, is
more than the annual interest on the national debt
of England, and it takes more than two hundred
million dollars to pay that, and if they did not
owe it to their own people they would be bank-
rupt. You cannot pay thirty per cent, profit on
any business. If these fishermen get six per cent,
on the capital, and twelve dollars a month wages,
I venture to say it is all they realize. You can-
not hire a man to stay on shore for twelve dollars
a month. One hundred and fifty dollars ayearis,
as the Senator from Maine says, about all these
men get for catching fish nine months in the year,
and staying on a bleak place on the New England
coast for three. They ought to have three months
to recruit, to enable them to stand the fog and the
storm. We pay $300,000 a year to these fisher-
men, and educate fifteen thousand men for that
sum. We pay much more than that every year
to educate six hundred officers, and nobody thinks
anything of it
Mr. HALE. I do.
Mr. SIMMONS. Sir, the Senator from New
Hampshire does not like it, but I am in favor of
it. I want to have good officers and good-men,
and I am willing to pay for them. I believe, now,
that if these men played instead of worked, there
would be no objection to their having this money.
This fishing service is the hardest m the world,
and I believe we ought to have more of it, but I
do not know how to get it. I do not like the re-
flection that if we should happen to have a war
; with a maritime Power, every sail we have got to
! float on the ocean must take shelter in a harbor,
as it did before, or be captured We are too big
a nation to retreat at the first sound of a cannon,
and draw all our ships into port as we did in 1812.
I want the commerce of this country to be carried
on as the commerce of other countries is, if there
is a war.
|j These fishermen are the very men to use in case
: of war, for naval purposes; and let your whale-
,1 men and your merchantmen pursue their avoca-
! tions. Take these sixty thousand fishermen,
mtm of the right stamp, have vessels enough for
them, and have your sails afloat upon every ocean
I although England or France be your antagonist.
>, Then we shall occupy such a place as a nation of
II thirty millions of people is entitled to enjoy in the
