1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
the ballot-boxes, replaced the judges of elections
with partisans of their own, drove away their
opponents, filled the boxes with as many votes
as the exigencies demanded, and, leaving- the
results to be returned by reliable hands, they
marched back again to their distant homes, to
celebrate the conquest, and exult in the prospect
of the establishment of slavery upon the soil
so long consecrated to freedom. Thus, in a
single day, they became parents of a State with-
out affection for it, and childless again without
bereavement. In this first hour of trial, the new
system of popular sovereignty signally failed—
fulled because it is impossible to organize, by one
single act, in one day, a community perfectly
free, perfectly sovereign, and perfectly constitu-
ted, out of elements unassimilated, unarranged,
and uncomposed. Free labor rightfully worTthe
day. Slave labor wrested the victory to itself by
fraud and violence. Instead of a free republican
government in the Territory, such as popular
sovereignty had promised, there was then and
thenceforth a hateful usurpation. This usurp-
ation proceeded without delay and without com-
punction to disfranchise the people. It transferred
the slave code of Missouri to Kansas, without
stopping in all cases to substitute the name of the
new Territory for that of the old State. It prac-
tically suspended popular elections for three years
—the usurping Legislature assigning that term for
its own members, while it committed all subordi-
nate trusts to agents appointed by itself. It barred
the courts and the juries to its adversaries by test
oaths, and made it a crime to think what one
pleased, and to write and print what one thought.
It borrowed all the enginery of tyranny, but the
torture, from the practice of the Stuarts. The party
of free labor appealed to ihe Governor (Reeder)
to correct the false election returns. He inter-
vened, but ineffectually, and yet even for that in-
tervention was denounced by the Administration
organs; and, after long and unacceptable expla-
nations, he was removed from office by the Pres-
ident. The new Governor (Shannon) sustained
for a while the usurpation, but failed to effect the
subjugation of the people, although he organized
as a militia an armed partisan band of adven-
turers who had intruded themselves into the Ter-
ritory to force slavery upon the people. With
the active cooperation of this band, the party of
slavelabordisarmed the free-Statecmigrants, who
had now learned the necessity of being prepared
for self-defense, on the borders of the Territory,
and on the distant roads and rivers which led into
it. They destroyed a bridge that free-labor men
used m their way to the seat of government,
sacked a hotel where they lodged, and broke up
and cast into the river a press which was the organ
of their cause.
The people of Kansas, thus deprived, not merely
ofself-governm^nt, but even of peace, tranquillity,
and security, fell back upon the inalienable revo-
lutionary light of voluntary reorganization. The}7
determined, however, with admirable temper,
judgment, and loyalty, to conduct their proceed-
ings for this purpose m deference and subordina-
tion to the authority of the Federal Union, and
according to the line of safe precedents.
After due elections, open to all the inhabitants
of the Territory, they organized provisionally a
State governmental Topeka; and by the hands
of provisional Senators, and a provisional Rep-
resentative, they submitted their constitution to
Congress, and prayed to be admitted as a free
State into the Federal Union. The Federal au-
thorities lent no aid to this movement; but, on the
contrary, the President and Senate contemptu-
ously rejected it, and denounced it as treason, and
all its actors and abettorsas disloyal to the Union.
An army was dispatched into the Territory, in-,
tended indeed to preserve peace, but at the same i
time to obey and sustain the usurpation. The
provisional Legislature, which had met to confer j
and to adopt further means to urge the prayers of |
the people upon Congress, were dispersed by the j
army, and the State officers, provisionally elccted, i
who had committed no criminal act, were ar- !
rested, indicted, and held in the Federal camp as j
State p  isoncrs. Nevertheless, the people of JECan-!
sas did not acquiesce. The usurpation remained ;
a barren authoiuy, defied, derided, and despised. !
A national election was now approaching. JGx- i
citement within and sympathies without theTer- j
ritory must be allayed. Governor Shannon was 1
removed, and Mr. Geary was appointed his suc-
cessor. He exacted submission to the statutes
of the usurpation, but promised equality in their
administration. He induced a repeal of some of
those statutes which were most obviously uncon-
stitutional, and declared an amnesty fop political
offenses. He persuaded the Legislature of the
usurpation to ordain a call for a convention at
Lecompton, to form a constitution, if the measure
should be approved by a popular vote at an elec-
tion to be held for that purpose. To vote at such
an election was to recognize and tolerate the usurp-
ation, as welt as to submit to disfranchising laws,
and to hazard a renewal of the frauds and violence
by which the usurpation had been established. On
no account would the Legislature agree that the
projected constitution should be submitted to the
people, after it should have been perfected by the
convention. The refusal of this just measure, so
necessary to the public security in case of sur-
prise and fraud, was a confession of the purpose
on the part of the usurpation to carry a constitu-
tion into effect by surprise and fraud. The Gov-
ernor insisted on this provision,and demanded of
the President of the United States the removal of
a partial and tyrannical judge. He failed to gain
either measure, and incurred the displeasure of
the usurpation by seeking them. He fled from
the Territory. The free-State party stood aloof
from the polls, and a canvass showed that some
two thousand three hundred, less than a third of
the people of the Territory, had sanctioned the
call of a convention, while the presence of the*
army alone held the Territory under a forced
truce.
At this juncture, the new Federal Administra-
tion came in, under a Piesident who had obtained
success by the intervention at the polls of a third
party—an ephemeial organization, built upon a
foreign and frivolous issue, which had just
strength enough and life enough to give to a pro-
slavery party the aid required to produce that
untoward result. The new President, under a
show of moderation, masked a more effectual in-
tervention than that of his predecessor, in favor
of slave labor and a slave State. Before coming
into office, he approached or was approached by
the Supreme Court of the United States. On their
docket was, through some chance or design, an
action which an obscure negro man in Missouri
had brought for his fieedom against his reputed
master. The court hud arrived at the conclusion,
on solemn argument, that insomuch as this unfor-
tunate negro had, through some ignorance or
chicane in special pleading, admitted what could
not have been proved, that he had descended from
some African who had once been held in bondage,
that therefore he was not, in view of the Consti-
tution, a citizen of the United States, and there-
fore could not implead the reputed master in the
Federal courts; and on this ground the Supreme
Couit were prepared to dismiss the action, for
want of jurisdiction over the suitor's person.
This decision, certainly as repugnant to the Dec-
laration of Independence and to the spirit of the
Constitution, as to the instincts of humanity,
nevertheless would be one which would exhaust
all the power of the tribunal, and exclude con-
sideration of ail other questions that had been
raised upon the record. The counsel who had
appeared for the negro had volunteered from mo-
tives of charity, and, ignorant of course of the
disposition which was to be made of the cause,
had argued that his client had been freed from sla-
very by operation of the Missouri prohibition of
1820. The opposing counsel, paid by the defend-
ing slaveholder, had insisted, m reply, that that
famous statute was unconstitutional. The mock
debate had been heard in the chamber of the court
in tne basement of the Capitol, m the presence of
the curious visitors at the seat of Government,
whom the dullness of a judicial investigation could
not disgust. The court did not hesitate to please
the incoming President, by seizing this extraneous
and idle forensic discussion, and converting it into
an occasion for pronouncing an opinion that the
Missouri prohibition was void; and that, by force
of the Constitution, slavery existed, with all the
elements of property m man overman, m all the
Territories of the United States, paramount to any
popular sovereignty within the Territories, and
even to the authority of Congress itself.
In this ill-omened act, the Supreme Court forgot '
its own dignity, which had always been main-
tained with just judicial jealousy. They forgot
j that the province of a court is simply " jasdicere"
I and not at all i( jus dare." They forgot, also, that
i one " fou! sentence does more harm than many
, foul examples; for the last do but corrupt -the
i stream, while the former corrupteth thefountain."
And they and the President alike forgot that ju-
dicial usurpation is more odious and intolerable
than any other among the manifold practices of
tyranny.
The day of inauguration came—the first one
among all the celebrations of that great national
pageant that -was to be desecrated by a coalition
between the executive and judicial departments to
undermine the National Legislature and the liber-
ties of the people. The President, attended by
the usual lengthened procession, arrived and took
his seat on the portico. The Supreme Court at-
tended him there, in robes which yetexacted pub-
lic reverence. The people, unaware of the import
of the whisperings carried on between the Pres-
ldentand the Chief Justice,and imbued with ven-
eration for both, filled the avenues and gardens
far away as the eye could reach. The President
addressed them in words as bland as those which
the worst of all the Roman Emperors pronounced
when he assumed the purple. He announced
(vaguely, indeed, but with self-satisfaction) the
forthcoming extra-judicial exposition of the Con-
stitution, and pledged his submission to it as au-
thoritative and final. The Chief Justice and his
associates remained silent. The Senate, too, were
there—constitutional witnesses of the transfer of
administration. They, too, were silent, although
the promised usurpation was to subvert the au-
thority over more than half of the empire which
Congress had assumed cotemporaneously with
the birth of (he nation, and had exercised without
interruption for near seventy years. It cost the
President, under the circumstances, little exercise
of magnanimity now to promise to the people of
Kansas, on whose neck he had, with the aid of
the Supreme Court, hung the millstone of slavery,
a fair trial m their attempt to cast it off, and hurl
it to the earth, when they should come to organize
a State government. Alas! that even this cheap
promise, uttered under such great solemnities,
was only made to be broken!
The pageant ended. On the 5th of March the
judges, witlibut even exchanging their silken
robes for courtiers'gowns, paid their salutations
to the President, in the Executive palace. Doubt-
lessly the President received them as graciously
as Charles I did the judges who had, at his in-
stance, subverted the statutes of English liberty.
On the 6th of March the Supreme Court dismissed
the negro suitor, Dred Scott, to return to his bond-
age; and having thus disposed of that private ac-
tion for an alleged private wrong, on the ground
of want ofjurisdiction in the case, they proceeded,
with amusing solemnity, to pronounce the opin-
ion that if they had had such jurisdiction, still
the unfortunate negro would have had to remain
in bondage, unrelieved, because the Missouri pro-
hibition violates rights of general properly in-
volved in slavery, paramount to the authority of
Congress. A few days later, copies of this opin-
ion were multiplied by the Senate's press, and
scattered in the name of the Senate broadcast over
the land, and their publication has not yet been
disowned by the Senate Simultaneously, Dred
Scott, who had played the hand of dummy in this
interesting political game, unwittingly, yet to the
complete satisfaction of his adversary, was voja
untarily emancipated; and thus received from his
master, as a reward, the freedom which the court
had denied him as a right.
The new President of the United States, hav-
ing organized this formidable judicial battery at
the Capitol, was now ready to begin his active
demonstrations of intervention in the Territory.
Here occurred, lfota new want, but an old one re-
vived—a Governor for Kansas. Robert J. Walk-
er, born and reared in Pennsylvania, a free State,
but Ions: a citizen and resident of Mississippi, a
slave State, eminent for talent and industry, de-
voted to the President and his party, plausible
and persevering, untiring and efficient, seemed
just the man to conduct the fraudulent inchoate
pioreedinirs of the projected Lecompton conven-
tion to aeonclusum, hy dividing the friends of
free labor in the Tenitory, or by casting upon
them the responsibility of defeating their own
favorite policy by impracticability and contu-*
