2028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
world; but if you have got to destroy all your
commerce, if that is the cost of maintaining your
national honor, your people will ai! oppose sus-
taining your flag or your honor at such an enor-
mous sacrifice of the whole business and the whole
property invested in commerce.. You must have
a Navy, or else submit to every taunt and insult
you may receive in your diplomatic intercourse
with foreign nations. This is the very best place
to nurture, the kind of men that are necessary to
sustain the honor of the flag and the honor of the
nation, not only while you are at war, but when
you are at peace.
I should like to have the Government of the
United States feel that, if there is a little speck in
the distance, a cloud arising, they must not take
in sail before the wind strikes them, but pursue
the even tenor of their way, as if they were a
match for any people in the world; negotiate
fairly, and try to preserve peace; but preserve
peace not by degrading submission produced by
the fact that we have such a vast amount of prop-
erty exposed afloat. We have now as large a
merchant tonnage, I suppose, as any nation in
the world. I have not seen the accounts lately;
but I have no doubt it is equal to the merchant
tonnage of any other nation. And what have we
got to defend it? Literally nothing. There comes
up a little difficulty about the finances, and we
are to let all we have got rot before we sustain it.
I acknowledge that this is a good time to make
savings in the Treasury; and I will go for cutting
down salaries, or dispensing with the services of
men who do not earn a dollar a day where we give
them six. Rut as to the twelve dollars a year we
pay for fishermen, and obtain by it fifteen ihou-
sand seamen,! verily believe it would be tho most
unfortunate species of economy tnut could possi-
bly be resorted to. I have no particular interest
in it that ought not to be feit 111 every section of
this country. We could not have any fishery
carried on in the southern States; and if we could,
it would not give the kind of education that is
necessary.
What was the object of all these laws? The
Senator began by quoting Mr. Amez'a remark
that the catching of cod was a niopt momentous
concern. 1 did not undersraud it exactly aa a sneer,
as the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] did;
I thought there was a little conflict in his emo-
tions. He hardly knew whether to venerate it or
ridicule it; but the argument that followed sus-
tained it; and, when you look at the whale fish-
ery as the result of this school, there is no such
monument of the wisdom or such a provision to
be found m the civilized world.
I think the su' cess of the Americans concerned
in the whale fisheries is the proudest monument
we have. I have seen the in-utuments ihat the
French have invented to catch whales. They have
a cannon fixed with a^roove in it, and they shoot
the harpoons at the v/half-s, so as to keep them at
a respectable distance. But take a crew of Amer-
icans brought up in the cod fisheries, and they
row right up to the whale, get alongside of him,
and they have no eoiKti ;i as to what will become
of the boat if rhev can only get thegranpling-;ron
in. I should like to know it you would expect
men to do th<U who were brought up on Tu-key
carpets. No. s:> ; if you want to make has dy in en,
you must raise tnem i;i the ordinary pursuits of
life. You do not want them to undeigo tonuie.
but you mu.^t rn<?ke a puisuit for them m which
they can mule a living; grow hardy as they grow
up; and this is the very pursuit to make saiior?.
1 would not risk my neck m one of thos^ fishing
vessels for all the bounties you g:w; 1 would
rather take my chance m raising potatoes on solid
land. I have been to s'-a two oi throe times, and
there is too much trouble in it for my use; but I
am willing to pay others if they will take the
hazard.
I hope the Senator from Alabama will let this
matter go over until he can sleep a nignt and think
on the ofh°r side of this question. I do not behove
he is yet ready to take the vote.
Mr. CLAY. Yes, I am.
M r. SIMMONS. I have no doubt he can make
a ?ood argument on either side: but 1 believe
the tune has come when no man m this country
will get fame by assaiiingthe labor of any pursuit.
Although uiese fi&hei men live in regions where
he may not like the votes, 1 hope he will have
some considudvioii for uiom. The same feeling
that prompts me to sustain these fishermen is now 1
working in the heart of every man in this country
who ever earned a dollar in his life. It is time
this Government would turn its attention, not to ;
plundering these people, or driving them out of
th^ir pursuit, but to bettering their condition; and
if these fishermen do not increase, as they do not,
according to the Senator's speech, we had better j
do something more for them, instead of taking
away what we have done, for we need more of i
them instead of legs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason m :
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
reported by the Committee on Commerce, to fill j
the blank in the bill by inserting " the last of J
1859." j
Mr. ALLEN. I move to amend the amend- )
ment by striking out " the last," and inserting
" the 31st day of December;" and I also propose 1
an additional section to the bjli. i
Mr. CLAY. I have no objection to the amend- ,
ment. It means the same thing. t
Mr. ALLEN. But it makes it a little plainer, j
The amendment to the amendment was agreed j
to. < )
Mr. CLAY. I inquire of the Chair whether ~
the question is not first on the amendment pro- ;
posed by the committee? r
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion will be on that amendment as now modified, j
Mr. CLAY. I trust that will prevail.
Mr. HAMLIN- What is the amendment as
modified ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered by the committee was modified by !
theamendmentoffered by the Senator 1'iomRhode
Island, and the amendmeut as modified will be
read.
Mr. PUGH. I understood the Senator from
Rhode Island to oiFeran additional section which
hus not yeT oeen n-ad.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not yet
in order, and has not been received. ,
The SecreMry nad the amendment of the com- .
mittee, as modified.
I Mr. HAMLIN. That is an amendment which
! provides for the time when this bill is to take ef-
j feet. That includes one additional year. I move
i to amend the amendment by striking out ''18.39"
'■ and inserting "1S(>5. " M v amendment is in oidcr.
j! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
! understands.
Mr. CLAY. I trust that amendment will not
j' prevail. The act of 1807, rcp^hng the salt duty
i and the fisii.ng allowance, was passed on the 3d
I; ofMarch, 1607, and ihat >>ro* d-d for the repeal
of the salt duty, and all tho allowance or bounties
on tonnage or the exported fish, from and after
the 1st day "f Januaiy in-xt, allowing but nine
months belWe the lept-al of ihe-bounties. By this
ij bill we give nearly two yeass of time. We allow
j| them the bounties lor tins year and the bounties
II for next y.-ai. Certainly th. f is a siulh'ient act ver-
;■ Usement or the repeal of the bounties to enable
i: them to turn their attention to some other pursuit,
;| if the cod fishery cannot live, as is alleged, with-
!i out the aid of bounty.
ji Now, su*, k 1 am correctly informed, and I do
!, not speaK abou' tiungs that 1 know nothing of, at
!, least without the wanant of some testimony,
:j dies.- tiicn are not exclusively employed in tne
il cod fi&hfries. I understand Senamrs on she other
i1 sail- to concede this. Tin-y say that they engage
| m other fisueries during nine months in the yeat.
They ubo "rmaue in the coasting ttade, if lam
'i eotn-c^y i-ifo med, or they arc e.i^agcd in some
j ajTticuhura! pursuit at home. Tms is not their
sole or their exclusive business. It forms, indeed,
'I if 1 am correctly informed, but a small part of
their business.
;j Now, sir, if we may assume, which I do not
jj grant, however, at all, that the repeal of these
*| bounties will break down the cod fisheries, and
:j will drive men out of that business, notwithstand-
ing the m -ckerel fisheiy is pursued, and has been
jj pursued for over thirty yeats, without the help of
ji any bounty—if we concede i lat these men must
;j abandon the catching of cod in case this bounty
\\ be repealed, yet, I say, there are other pursuits,
I; both on sea and on hand, to which they can turn
ji their attention, and devote their energies, and it
. is sufficient time to give them until the close of
■ { next year. They have been advertised now for,
h more than twelve months, that an effort would be
made to repeal the bounties. The newspaper press
of New England have anticipated their repeal, and
predicted that they would be repealed whenever
the question was presented to Congress. Hence
they are not taken by surprise. They will not
be cut down suddenly. They will have ample
time in order to direct their attention to other
channels of trade that are more lucrative, if they
cannot live by this.
The proposition of the Senator from Maine is
tantamount to a defeat of the purpose of this bill.
He proposes to give them seven years more, in-
cluding this year. In the intermediate time he
hopes, no doubt, that he may command a suffi-
cient vote in Congressto continue the bounties in-
definitely as they have been continued hitherto.
Now, sir, the whole course of legislation upon the
subject of these bounties is an argument against the
extension of time beyond that proposed by the
committee. Every act, as I showed in the speech
I had the honor of making the other day, up to
that of 181(J, contemplated a continuance of these
allowances but for short periods of time; the first
act for but two or three years; the next for seven
years; the next for ten years; and yet that was
repealed within seven years after it was passed—■
I allude to the act of 1800. The next, the act of
1813, provided for their allowance during the war
and but one year thereafter. When a proposal
was made for their repeal in 1316, at which time
the allowance would have expired by limitation
of time, they were continued expressly on the
ground that the Government needed the salt duty;
that the Government could not do without the salt
duty; that we had incurred a heavy debt, con-
tracted during the war; that that duty afforded
some eight hundred thousand dollars per annum
of revenue after the allowance to the fishing ves-
sels), which, at that time in lieu of drawback was
vet y inconsiderable; that the commerce m cod fish
more than reimbursed the Treasury for the'amount
paid out in Lhe way of drawback or commutation
in lieu of drawback. Upon these grounds ex-
pressly, upon revenue grounds, this bounty was
continued up to 1818. In 1818, when an effort was
again made to repeal them, the same arguments
were repeated; and the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means and the then Secretary
of the Treasury both declared that they could not
d'spense, m the then existing condition of the
country, with the salt duty, which yielded at that
time upwards of seven hundred thousand dollars.
Thus it has been under the pietenses of a short du-
ration of the continuance of these bounties, that
they have been protracted from 1782, when the
tonnage system was first adopted, up to 1819. If
the Senator's amendment prevails, I say it is tan-
tamount to defeating the bill; for I shall feel very
little interest in the passage of the bill if they are
to have these bounties extended for seven years
more, with all the chances, in the intermediate
time, of the reneal of this act.
Mr. HAMLIN. I cannot understand the force
of the Senator's argument when he says, that if
the amendment I have proposed be adopted, it
will be equivalent to a defeat of the bill. I do not
think the amendment which I propose is entitled
to any such objection. I do not think the Sena-
tor's suggestion is founded in any good reason;
certainly he has stated none.
Now, sir, in relation to the character of these
fishermen. Whatever may be the sources from
winch the Senator has derived his information, I
assure him they are mistaken when they repre-
sent that the persons engaged in this business do
not mainly rely upon this branch of industry for
the support of themselves and their families.
More than nine tenths of their reliance is upon it.
They fish for nine months m the year, and the
other months are an inclement season, when they
cannot devote their labors to agriculture, nor, to
any extent, to coas:ing; though they do busy
themselves somewhat m other matters. This,
however, is the great business upon which they
rely. There is no stable business followed by
any class of men upon which they rely more than
these men rely upon the business which they fol-
low.
Next as to the time. The persons engaged in
this business have been induced to go into it
through the system of bounty, right or wrong.
The vessels, as every man who has any practical
knowledge knows, are unfit for coasting or any
other business These vessels will last for fifteen
