44*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
macy. He wanted for this purpose only an army,
and full command of the Executivu exchequer, of
promises of favor and of threats of punishment.
Kreden'ck P. Stanton, of Tennessee, honorable
and capable, of persuasive address, but honest
ambition, was appointed his Secretary. The new
agents soon found they had assumed a task that
y$uid tax all their energies and require all their
ax)foii!tt ss. On the one side, the slave-labor
party were dotVrminoJ to circumvent the people,
and .secure, through the Lecompton convention,
3 slave State. On the other, the people were
Watchful, and determined not to bo circumvented,
and. m do case: to submit. Elections for dele-
gates to'that body were at hand. The Legisla-
ture had requited a census and registry of voters
to be made by authorities designated by itself,
and this duty had been only partially performed in
fifteen of the thirty-four counties, and altogether
omitted in the other nineteen. The party of slave
labor insisted on payment of taxes as a condition
of suffrage. The free-labor party deemed the
whole proceeding void, by reason of the usurp-
ation-practiced, and of the defective arrangements
for tlie election. They discovered a design to sur-
prise in the refusal of any guaraniee that the con-
stitution, when frann d, should be .submitted to
the people, for then acceptance or rejection, pre-
paratory to an application under it for the admis-
sion «>f Kansas into the Union. r^lie Governor,
drawing from the ample Treasury of the Execu-
tive at his command, made due exhibitions of the
army, and threatened the people with an accept-
ance of the Lecompton constitution, however ob-
noxious to them, if thev should refuse to vote.
With 'liese menaces, he judicially mingled prom-
ises of fabulous quantities of land for the endow-
ment of roads ami education, lie dispensed with
the test oaths and taxes, lamented the defects of
census and ivgisuy, and pronustd the rej.-e.tion
of the ennsiiutlioii by himself, by ihe,President,
and by Congress, if a full, fair, and complete sub-
mission of the constitution should not be made
by the convention; and he obtained and published
pledges of such submission by the party conven-
tion* which nominated the candidates for dele-
gan s, and even by an imposing number of tho e
candidates ihem^elves. The people stood aloof,
and refused to vote. Thenrmy protected the polls.
The slave-labor party alone \ oted, nirtl voted with-
out legal restraint,and so achieved an easy fot mal
success by casting some two thousand balloss.
Just in thU conjuncture, however, the term of
three years'set vice which the usurping Legisla-
ture hud fixed for its own inemhets expired, and
elections, nuthoriz< d by iiself, were to be held,
for the choice, not only of new members, but of
a Delegate to Congress. While the L"Coini ton
/convention was assembling, ihe free labor patty
determined to attend these territorial elections,
and contest, through them, for sell-government
within the Temtorv. They put candidates in
nomination, on the express ground of repudiation
of the whole Lecompton proceeding. The Le-
compton convention prudently adjourned to a
day beyond the elections. Tin- parties < ontended
at the ballot-boxes, and the result was a complete
and conclusive triumph of the free-lalmr party.
For a moment, this victory, so important, was
jeoparded by the fraudulent presentation of spu-
rious and fabricated returns of elections in almost
uninhabited disiricts, sufficient to transfer the
triumph to the slave-labor party, and ihe free-
State part v was pn ce<. ding to vindicate 11 by foice.
The Governor and Secretary d.;i< cted, prov<d,
and exposed, this atrocious fioud. The Lecomp-
ton convention denounced them, mid complaints
against them poured in upon the President, from
the xlaveholding States. They were doomed
from that tune. The President was silent. The
Lecompton convention proceeded, and framed a
constitution which declines slavery perpetual and
irreversible, and postpones any alteiati m of its
own provisions until after 18(>4, by which time
they hoped that slavery might have gained too
deep u hold in the soil of Kansas to be in danger
of being uprooted. Ail this was easy; but now
came the question whether lite constitution should
be submitted to the people. It was confessed that
it was obnoxious to them, and, if submitted,
would be rej -cted with indignation and contempt.
An oincial emissary from Washington is sup-
posed to have suggested the solution which was
aaoptyd. Tins was a submission in form, but not
in fact. The president of the convention, without
any laws to preset ve the puiity of the franchise
by penalties for its violation, wns authorized to
designate his own agents, altogether irrespectively
of the territorial authorities, and wnh their aid
to hold a^ election, m which there should be no
vote allowed or received, if against the constitu-
tion itself. Each voter was permitted to cast a
ballot "for the constitution with slaveiy," or
"for the constitution with no slaveiy," and it
was further provided that the constitution should
stand entire, if a majority of votes should be cast
for the constitution with slaveiy, while, on the
other hand, if the majority of votes cast should
be " for tlie constitution with no slavery," then
the existing slavery should n-ot be disturbed, but
should remain, with its continuance, by 1 he suc-
cession of its unhappy victims by descent for-
ever. But even this miserable shadow of a choice
between forms of a slave-State constitution was
made to depend on the taking of a test oath to
support and maintain it in the form which should
be preferred by the majority of those who should
vote on complying with that humiliation. The
Governor saw ihat by conniving at this pitiful
and wicked juggle he should both shipwreck his
fame and become responsible for civil war. He
remo.isirated, and appealed to his chief, the Pres-
ident of the United Stales, to condemn it. De-
nunciations followed him from the Lecompton
party within the Tenitorv, and denunciations no
jess violent fr «m the si ive States were his greet-
ing at the national capital. The President dts-
appoin'ed his most effective friend and wisest
counselor. Tins present Congress h.td now as-
sembled. The President, as if fearful of delay,
forestalled our attention with recommendations to
overlook the manifest objections to the transac-
tion, and to regard the anticipated result of th'S
mock election, then not yet held, as equivalent to
an acceptance of the constitution by the people
of Kansas, alleging ihat the refusal of the people
to vote eiilier the ballot for the " constitution with
slavery," or the false and deceitful ballot for the
44 oonsMtu.ion with no slavery," would justly be
regard- d as drawl ig after n the consequences of
actual acceptance and adoption of the constitution j
itself. His argument was apologetical, as it la-
mented ihui the constitution had not been faiily
submitted ; and jesiutical, as it urged i hat the peo-
ple might, when oneeadmitied as a State, change
ihe constmiiion at their pleasure, in defiance of
the provision which postpones any change seven
years.
Copies of the message containing these argu-
menis were transmitted to ihe Temtory, to con-
found and disheartea the free-State paiiy, and
obtain a surrender, at the (lection to be held on
the 21st ot December,on the questions submitted
by the convention. The people, howevei, were
nei her misled nor inlinnda.od. A larrned by this
aci of connivance by the Piesideut of the United
States wnh their oppressors, they began to pre-
pare for the lastarbitianient ofnations. The Sec-
retary, i\lr. S anion, ninv Governor ad inlenm,
issm d his proclamation, calling the new Ter
! The pro-consuls of the Roman provinces were
| brought back to the Capitol to answer for their-
I crimes.
| The proceeding which the late Secretary Stan-
; ton had so wisely instituted, nevertheless went'
I on*, and it has become, as I trust, the principal'
I means of rescuing from tyianny the people whom
i he governed so briefly and yet so well. The Le-
compton constitution had directed, that on the
4th of January elections should be held to fill
the State offices and the offices of members of the
Legislature and member of Congress, to assume
their trusts when the new State should be admit-
ted into the Union. The Legislature of the Ter-
ritory now enacted salutary laws for preserving
! the purity of elections m ali cases. It directed the
; Lecompton constitution to be submitted to a fair
: vote on that day, the ballots being made to ex-
| press a consent to the constitution, or a rejection,
1 of it, with or without slavery. The free labor.
| party debated anxiously on the question whether,
1 besides voting against that constitution, they
1 should, under protest, vote also for officers to as-
j surne the ttusts created by it, if Congress should
I admit the State under it. After a majority had de-
: cided that no such votes should be cast, a minority
j hastily rejected the decision, and nominated can-
. dnlates for those places, to be supported under
protest. The success of the movement, made
. under the most serious disadvantages, is conclu-
, sive evidence of theirstrength. While the election
; held on the 21st of December, allowing all fraud-
; ulent votes, showed some six thousand majority
i for the constitution with slavery, over some five'
i hundred votes for the constitution without sla-
very, the election on the 4th of January showed'
! an aggregate majority of eleven thousand against
I tho constitution n self in any form, withthe choice,
i under protest, of a Representative in Congress,
| and of a large majority, of all the candidates nom-
inated by the free-labor party for the various ex-
ecutive and legislative trusts under the Lecompton
constitution.
Tiie Territorial Legislature has abolished sla-
very by a law to take effect in March, 1858, though
the Lecompton constitution contains provisions
anticipating, and designed to defeat, this great act
of justice and humanity. It has organized a mi-
litia, which stands ready for the defense of the
rights of the people against any power. The pres-
ident of the Lecompton convention has fled the
Territory, charged with an attempt to procure
fraudulent returns to reverse the already declared
results of the last election, and he holds the pub-
lic in suspense as to his success until after his
arrival at the capital, and the decision of Con-
gress on the acceptance of the Lecompton consti-
tution. In the mean time, the Territorial Legis-
latuie has called a convention, subject to the
popular approval, to be held in this month, and
to form a constitution to be submitted to the peo-
j)le, and, when adopted, to be the organic law of
the new State of Kansas, subject to her admis-
sion into the Union. The President of the United
States, hawng received the Lecompton constitu-
tion, has submitted it to Congress, and insisting
serving the public peace. An Executive spy
dispatch) d information of this proceeding to the'
Picsident by telegraph, and instantly Mr. Stanton
ceased to be Secretary and Governor ad interim,
being removed by ihe Piesideut, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate of the United
States. Thus the service of F\ede> ick P. Stanton
torial Legislature to assemble to provide for pre- >'> that the vote taken on the juggle of the Lecomp-
 - ,l'- —! L -    A - v- -   11 ton convention, held on the 21st of December, is
| legally conclusive of its acceptance by the people,
land absolute against the fair, direct, and unim-
, peachable rejection of it by that people, made on.
the 4th of Januai y last, he recommends and urges
and implores the admission of Kansas as a State
into the Federal Union, under that false, pretend-
came to an abrupt end ; but in a manner most hon- >'• ed, and spurious constitution. I refrain from any
orable to himself. His chief, Mr. Walker, was examinition of his extraordinary message. My
less wiseand less fortunate. He resigned. Ptetus |i recital is less complete than I have hoped, if it
I hrasea (we are informed by Tacitus) had been '■ does not overthrow all the President's arguments
often present tn the Senate, when the fathers <Je- |! in favor of the acceptance of the Lecompton con-
scended to unworthy acts, and did not lisc in j stitution as an act of the people of Kansas, how-
opposiiion; but on the occasion when Nero pro- ever specious, and without descending to any de-
cured Irom them a decree to celebrate, as a festi- , tails. In Congress, those who seek the admission
val, the day on winch he had murdered his mother, ! of Kansas under thatconstitution, strive to delay
Aggripma, Past us left his seat, and walked out of j the admission of Minnesota until their opponents
the chamber — thus by his virtue provoking future j shall compromise on that paramount que&tion.
vengeance, and yet doing no service to the cause i This, Mr. President, is a concise account of the
P^,ki„RM^T w.,n, c„.i 1 national intervention in the Territories in favor of
slave labor and slave States since 1820. No won-
der that the question before us excites apprehen-
of liberty. Possibly Robert J. Walker may find
a less stern histouan.
The new Secretary, Mr. Denver, became Gov-
ernor of Kansas, the fifth incumbent of that office
appointed within less than four years, the legal
term of one. Happily, however, for the honor
o the country, thi\e of the recalls were made on
sions and alarm. There is at last a Not th side of
this Chamber, a North side of the Chamber of
Representatives, a North side of the Union, as well
as South sides of all these. Each of them is
the ground of the virtues of the parties disgraced. i| watchful, jealous, and resolute. If it be true, as
