3052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
it may have on any negotiations that may be
pending between the two Governments, Wehave
evidence since these resolutions were offered,
some three or four weeks ago, that from some
cause or other, these same aggressions have con-
tinued from time to time, in the Gulf of Mexico and
the seas adjacent, by the armed forces of Great
Britain. We have reason to believe also, from
sources quasi official, that no new orders have been
issued to the British naval squadron in reference
to the rightof visitation, or of search, for a num-
ber of years, and the probability is, that they are
either' acting without actual authority or by an
undue perversion or extension of an existing au-
thority.
I think, therefore, the high degree of probabil-
ity is, that when the subject is brought to the at-
tention of the British Government, there will not
only be a disclaimer on their part of any intended
\ offense, but that if anything remains to be settled
\ between the two Governments, it will be upon the
upaked question of a right of visitation as part of
what they may claim to be the police of the seas.
The resolutions distinctly present that question
between the two countries. It is in that view I
think it important that the judgment of the Sen-
ate should be known in advance on that question.
I hope that the Senate will take a vote on the reso-
lutions. I ask, however, that they may be mod-
ified by the insertion of a phrase that ought to be
there. The modification is in the second resolu-
tion, near the end, to make the sentence read:
" Satisfy the just demands of this Government,
and preclude hereafter the occurrence of like ag-
gressions. "
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I am not going
to debate this .matter. While I do not doubt that
the resolutions and the positions taken by'the
Committee on Foreign Relations asseit the law
of nations as it has always been understood by
us,at -least, and as we ought to maintain it, at the
same time I wish to inquire of the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations whether
these aggressions are not committed really for the
purpose of putting down the slave trade? Is not
that the apparent object? Has not our flag con-
stantly been used to cover this trade? I wish
particularly to inquire whether, if this nation and
Great Britain und France are desirous of putting
a stop to that trade, there is any real difficulty in
makmgsuch an arrangement or treatyas mightbe
honorable to all the parties concerned, and effect-
ual to stop tins trade, and prevent our flag's be-
ing used as a screen, a cover to its continuance.
It has always seemed to me that there was really
no difficulty in arranging the matter honorably
and satisfactorily to all the parties; and I behove
it. is the duty of this Government, if it can be
done, to enter into such an arrangement. While
I no more justify these proceedings than the com-
mittee do, and beheve them to be all wrong, yet
I think the motive is to put down a tiade abhorred
by both nations, and which both should wish to
. prevent. Nor do I beheve at all that Great Brit-
ain had any design to insult our flag in what she
has done. She has pursued with great eagerness
her endeavors to put down this trade, and sup-
posed that, because of the strong intimation we
have always held out of our abhorrence of it, we
would perhaps bear with her more than on any
other subject. It seems to me that there might
be a proper arrangement made; and I wish to "in-
quire of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
who have turned their attention to this subject
much more than I have, whether there is any in-
herent difficulty m making such an arrangement,
in their judgment?
Mr. MASON. T will cheerfully afford to the
Senator any information I have, which is no fur-
ther information than that which is open to ail
alike, from the history that has attended our
discussions and negotiations with Great Britain
for many years past, but piobably has been
btought under my notice moie recently than that
of the Senator. It is an undoubted fact that the
Governmentof GieatBritam has been trying for
many years to obtain from all matitune nations
who have legislated against the slave trade a mu-
tual concession of the right of search by treaty
stipulation, and "has obtained it from some of the
Powers of Europe; but it is equally true that the
United States have always refused it. The rea-
son alleged on the part of England is that sug-
gested by the honorable Senator, that there will
be a difficulty in their mutual efforts to suppress
the slave trade, unless they have the mutual right
of visitation in order to verify the flag of their re-
spective nations; butit has been said by this Gov-
ernment in reply, that, however convenient and
desirable it might be to prosecute more advant-
ageously this mutual end by the mutual right of
search, yet that is a concession which never can
be made by the American Government, and they
have urged what I confess impresses me, as it
strongly has done the Government, of the utter
improvidence and absence of propriety m the Gov-
erment of the United States, or in any Govern-
ment, submitting to the exercise of any police
whatever, by any foreign Power, upon the terri-
tory of the United States, or upon their vessels
under their flag, which constitute a part of their
territory.
It is alleged on the part-of the British Govern-
ment, that the flag of the United States is very
often fraudulently and improperly used in pro-
tecting a vessel which is engaged in the slave
trade, and they have brought pretty plausible and
strong evidences to show the fact. But be that
as it may, the American Government reserves to
itself the exclusive right of vindicating its own
laws. I do not mean to say that there may be no
practicable mode in negotiation for the final dis-
position of this question, if Great Britain does
claim the right to visit for any purpose whatever,
yet I confess, for one, I cannot see how it can be
done. The right of the British ?_uthorities to visit
an American vessel, for any purpose whatever, is
one that I feel very well satisfied never can be
conceded and never will be conceded by this Gov-
ernment; and yet lam equally assured, and I be-
lieve the British Government is assured, that the
Government of the United States have left noth-
ing undone, by stationing their cruisers off the
coast of Africa, and by general stringent orders
to take care that the laws of the country are not
violated by our ships in carrying on this illegal
trade. I believe that has been done by the Gov-
ernment, and I am satisfied it is the honest pur-
pose, not only of those who have now the Gov-
ernment in charge, but of all their predecessors.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I trust that these resolu-
tions will be adopted before the Senate adjourns.
I had hoped that some opportunity would have
been offered for a more elaborate discussion of
the questions involved in them than has yet oc-
curred. It is a subject deeply interesting to the
country at large, and one which I presume the
constituents of all of us desire to see maturely
considered by Congress, and such measures ta-
ken as shall forever put an end to the pretensions
now asserted by Great Britain. Sir, the Senator
from Ohio tells us he has no doubt that the Brit-
ish Government, in the orders given to its cruis-
ers, and that the action of the officers of the Brit-
ish Government, are directed by laudable motives.
He supposes that they are directed solely to the
suppression of the slave trade.
Mr. WADE. I did not say their motives were
laudable, for I think they have acted against the
law of nations in what they have done; but I be-
heve the motive is to suppress the slave trade,
inasmuch as I can see no other reason.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, without
goingelaboratelyinto that question, I will simply
say that I have not so read the history of the re-
lations between our country and Great Britain,
as to give her entire^credit for sincerity in the rea-
sons urged for the exercise of this pretended right.
Difficulties have constantly occurred between us
and that Government, which pursues an aggres-
sive and daring policy with a steadiness of pur-
pose, a perseverance of means, and a single eye
to the accomplishment of her end of controlling
the commerce of the world, which, while they
will require the most energetic effort on the part
of our Government to oppose them, certainly can-
not hut be regarded by us with admiration and
iespect. We are not alone in our complaints of
this aggressive policy on the part of Great Britain
in all quarters of the world. She is grasping upon
eveiy sea every point that commands the pas-
sages through which commerce seeks its vent.
After having but a few years ago taken posses-
sion of the town of Aden, she has quite recently
again taken possession of the Island of Perim—a
possession desirable to her solely for the purpose
of controlling that communication with the East
which seeks its vent across the Isthmus of Suez.
In defiance of the wishes of the civilized world,
her Ministry have declared a determined and per-
severing opposition to the construction of a canal
across the Isthmus of Suez, not because such a
communication would not be advantageous to the
common commercial intercourse of nations, but
because the countries which border upon the Med-
iterranean, having easier access to the East than
she could have from her position, she fears that
her monopoly of eastern power may be disturbed.
Scarcely had we taken possession of California
when, in defiance of the most solemn obligations
of treaty, she seized upon the Bay Islands, and
there established acolony which she had solemnly
promised she would never do in those waters. She
has for a long series of years persevered m en-
deavoring to obtain from our Government an ad-
mission of her right of visitation—a right which
it is obvious cannot be conceded to any nation,
particularly to one possessed of the naval power
of Great Britain, without carrying with it m her
favor the supremacy of the seas.
I shall not enter into an argument on the ques-
tion of this right of visitation. It is obvious to
us all that it is practically equivalent to the right
of search, that it can be conceded to no nation
without being liable to such abuses as must ne-
cessarily render the nation exercising that power
the mistress of the seas. It is a novel pretension.
It is admitted by ail writers upon international
law to be a belligerent right, one to be exercised
in time of war alone, and one which the commerce
of the world has never yet submitted to in time
of peace.
Now, sir, after all that has been said in the Sen-
ate upon this subject, I trust that we shall not
adjourn without passing the resolutions offered by
the Committee on Foreign Relations. I think that
the declaration of the opinion of the Senate upon
this subject will have a salutary effect—a salutary
effect not only on the other side of the water, but
on our own; for I must confess, Mr. President,
that I think there has not been that energy in the
prosecution of our rights against foreign nations,
m the assertion of the interests of this country in
connection with our relations with the people
abroad, that we had a right to expect from the
Executive from the tone of his inaugural message.
I am well aware that the President of the United
States has been almost exclusively occupied with
matters of internal policy, sufficient of themselves
to have absorbed the attention, the time, and the
labor of a constitution almost superhuman. Still,
sir, I think, that at the present time leisure will be
afforded to the Executive for the assertion of our
rights with some more energy than has been hith-
erto manifested, and with an energy which will
be more acceptable to the people of the United
States than the usual forms of diplomatic nego-
tiation, by which hitherto our lights have been
eluded ana evaded by the Ministry ofGreatBntani.
I trust that this question will be brought to a
close, that something definite will be done be-
tween the two countries, that this matter will not
be left to drag its slow length in a negotiation of
years. Itis'notto be supposed, in my judgment,
that Great Britain will suddenly abandon a right
which she has so long, so ardently and so earnestly
pursued; but at the same time, I trust that there
are to be no discussions, or negotiations on this
subject beyond this: the information to Great
Britain that these rights of ours are matters which
cannot longer be submitted to discussion or ne-
gotiation, but we consider her pretense of the
power under the law of nations to visit our ships
as one that can under no circumstances be admit-
ted by us, and that if she is unwilling to make a
formal renunciation of it, she must at least con-
sept that she never again cxeicise it lowaid us,
without granting us previous notice of hei inten-
tion so to exercise it; and the people and the
Government of the United States wiii con&idtr
that notice as a notice to prepare for war.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There is one suggestion
which I should like to bring to the notice of the
Senate, and which may possibly account for these
proceedings. The excuse given by the Senator
from Ohio, and that given 111 the papers for these
British movements, is that they are so anxious to
stop the slave trade that they are examining our
ships to ascertain whether they arc not slavers.
It is admitted that they are violating our rights m
so doing; that they have no njsht, in fact, to sH
foot on our ships, but their inothes aie tu .<rop
