THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1858._
the slave trade, which is made a felony by our I! whether anything that ever has been attempted
laws, and by the British laws. I tjiink it quite jl by the British Government exceeds the act I have
probable that some proceedings which have oc- ji referred to.
mm
curred in a neighboring country, and which have
been very much discussed here, may account for
the late vigorous action of England. You will rec-
ollect, sir, that not long ago Commodore Pauld-
ing went into a foreign country and committed
a direct, open violation of the sovereignty of its
territory, seized some of our people there, and
brought them away. It was not pretended that
they had committed a felony against the United
States, but it was alleged that they had commuted
I agree with the Senator from Louisiana, and
I have maintained that opinion for a good while—
I think everybody says it, but nothing has been
done—that the United States ought to do some-
thing: to maintain its respect abroad. I read, in
one of the papers yesterday, a letter from the
southern California coast, in which it is stated
that our people there are suffering depredations
from Mexico, our traders and others who go
there, and that occasionally a British or French
a misdemeanor. It was admitted that he had gone | ship gets into the Gulf of California and gives
in there improperly, at least, that he had violated i some protection; and that our citizens rejoice to
law, and brought them away; butitwas said his i see one there. There has not been one of our
motives were very good. The President himself | naval vessels there for many yeais, according to
in condemning the act, made an argument to show the statement. The sanje thing is occurring the
that his motives were very good; and, if I recol-world over. Our people in foreign ports are
lect aright, the report of the Committee on For- ] habitually protected by the British or French
eign Relations of the Senate made an argument m
his defense, admitting that he had clearly violated
the laws of the United States and the Constitu-
tfon, that did not justify his doing any act of that
sort, by invading a foreign terrritory, butsaying
that he had good motives. The committee said
that the men whom he seized had, perhaps, been
guilty of misdemeanor, at least they were charged
with violating the laws of the United States, and
that he had a moral right to take them away.
Now, sir, the British officers are entering on
our ships. Why? Because they want to stop
the slave trade, which is a felony. They admit
that, by so doing, they violate our jurisdiction.
Suppose you make this complaint: the British
Parliament may say, " Here is one of your own
officers, who, for much kiss excuse than we can
give, has invaded a foreign territory, has violated
its jurisdiction; and yet, so far from punishing
him, your President "actually commended him, ,   • •„••• - .
and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the until the whole question involved in the case 01
i vessels. It is said our Navy is too small. I, for
; one, am willing to enlarge it; and if the Secretary
of the Navy says our present force cannot protect
our people abroad, there is good reason for an in-
crease. I intend to vote for the resolutions of the
Senator from Virginia, but I think they fall far
. short of what we ought to do. I do not see, how-
i ever, that the Senate alone can do anything, ex-
j cept make protests and declare opinions. I will
' go as far as it is possible to do under the circum-
i stances
j Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, least of all
did 1 expect that I should be drawn into any dis-
• cussion growing out of our foreign relations, or
with regard to the conduct of Commodore Pauld-
ing in arresting Walker upon the sand beach at
Nicaragua; but I can hardly let the remarks of
the honorable Senator from North Carolina pass
without making some observations. 1 had hoped
that the regular session would not come to a close
Senate commended his motives, and some of the
Senators argued that he ought to have a medal:
now, cannot we make a much stronger case?"
Tins act of Paulding's was a uakeu, open, bare-
faced, impudent, violation of aforeign territory—
as plain and palpable a violation of the laws and
the Constitution of the United States as any man
cou'd possibly commit; and yet you had long
arguments made in Congress in praise of his mo-
tives. If any complaint be made by our Govern-
ment, I think the proper reply would be a refer-
ence to this act; and I hope a member of the
British Parliament, at any rate, if they think
proper to disavow these proceedings, will get up
—for it would be a proper rebuke to us—and in-
troduce a proposition to give a medal to the com
mande
t!
board
very
ony,
ought to have a medal.
Why, sir, at the very time of the proceeding
to w Inch 1 have referred", 1 took occasion to state,
and it must have occurred to everybody, that it
such acts were to be justified or apologized tor
by our Government, the lhitish might do what
tiit V pleased ill Central America. it. is true,
I u'iil not expect the-y would return the^ cup to
our bos, but 1 did expect they would seize that
countiy and say they were doing no more than
we dune. I think it'is a very proper rebuke to
the United States when we allow our own ofn-
cei-J to invade fonn/n iuiisdictions on such mis-
erable pretexts, pret-xts so utterly contemptible
as is the allegation that there was any necessity
for Paulding's going there. When that is done
w
that
si mi
"ive. much better excuses ior u. i  «' ,
does, that it
the arrest of Walker had been disposed of by the
Government, and the Government of the United
' States had taken the responsibility of sanctioning
the act which was done by Commodore Paulding.
I Mr. President, when I am told by the honorable
' Senator from North Carolina that Commodore
■ Paulding violated the Constitution and the laws
of the United States in the arrest of General
Walker, 1 ask what provision of the Constitution,
i what law of the United States, what law of na-
tions, did he violate ?
Mr. CLINGMAIST. Does the Senator desire
; me to answer him now ?
i Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator may do so
! now, or when I shall have concluded,
i Mr. CUNGMAN. He violated that clause of
at issue between the Administration and Com-
modore Paulding was simply this: not whether
Commodore Paulding had a right to arrest Gen-
eral Walker within the jurisdiction of Nicaragua,
within the harbor of San Juan, but whether he
had the right to touch the sand beach in order to
prevent the carrying on of this expedition against
Nicaragua?
Sir, I undertake to say it was no violation of
the law of nations. Nicaragua, long before the
arrest was made, asked the Government of the
United States to make that arrest. The Minister
of Nicaragua asked the Government of the United
States to prevent Walker from landing on the
shores of Nicaragua and carrying on this expe-
dition. The very day on which Commodore
Paulding made the arrest, the consul of Nicara-
gua, in behalf of that Government, tendered its
thanks to the United States Government and to
Commodore Paulding, not for violating their ter-
ritory, but for defending their territory from vio-
lation. More than a week before the President
of the United States delivered his message to Con - -
gress on that subject, the Minister of Nicara-
gua returned the thanks of that Government to
the Government of the United States for taking
Walker from the sand beach at San Juan.
Sir, talk about violating the territory of a neu-
tral and friendly Power! We never did it. Nic-
aragua invited us to do what Commodore Pauld-
ing did. She thanked us the very day lie did it.
She thanked us through her Minister, before the
President of the United States ever sent m a mes-
sage to Congress on the subject, because we had
done it. We never invaded her territory with
hostile purposes; and there is no such thing as a
hostile invasion but with a hostile intent.
What, sif, was the language of General Jack-
son's administration on this subject? President
Jackson ordered Genera! Gaines, if itwere neces-
sary, to go to Nacogdoches, even into the terri-
tory of Mexico, for the purpose of preventing the
invasion of Mexico by hostile Indians from the
United States;and General Jackson laid down the
doctrine, and it is true by every law of nations,
and there is no law against it, that where it is
necessary, and the invasion is not made with any
hostile intent, but to prevent a hostile invasion oil
our part, it, so far from violating, is in accordance
with the law of nations. That is the doctrine of
General Jackson's administration, as laid down
by Mr. Forsyth, his Secretary of State. And yet
I hear men stand up'ill the Senate and undertake
to say that we violated the law of nations in this
case, when Nicaragua invited us to do the act,
when she thanked us for doing it. when we did it
with no hostile intent—did it with no other intent
course, as I believe eveiy Senator .
they set foot upon our ships it is at their peril
Tin y have a right to seize a ship that is a s,ave
trader even if it has our flag up. They have no
ri^ht, however, to set foot on our ships, and
am willing to go as far as any Senator to assert
our rijrht to be free from molestations on the high .
Seas; but I hope that we shall have some consist- , anc, *o tar^a.
rained" to Congress. In the next place
mitted disobedience of orders, nrd violated the
law in that respect. I need iiaidly argue that
point, for I believe it is admitted by everybody.
In the last plac^, he violated the laws of nations
by invading a lnenaly Power.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall notdetain the Sen-.,
' ate to gn into a lengthy renly; but on that subject '
1 icin issue most distinctly with the honorable ;
; "Senator from North Carolina; and I undertake to ;
! say that I can demonstrate to any court com-,
i posed of impartial judges, that m no respect did
Commodore Paulding violate the laws of nations, :
i the laws of the United States, or the fair instruc- ,
! tions which he received from the Department at ,
Washington. By the law of the United States, <
. ex- ■
to pre- -
s from i
shores ;
The statut
ency in theso movements, and that while
t ^ii1 i^iiT
^entie-
the shores oi'
of a neutral and a friendly; Power.
: expressly clothes the President with thatauthor-
■ ity • and when gentlemen stand up hero, and say
■ that the President had not the power to prevent
! the carrying on of Walker's exped.tion after it
! left the shores of the United States, they are fir-
1 guing in the very face and eyes of the statute;
' ^ tUtu point is concerned, the Com-
miti'ce on Foieign Relations sustained the view
which the President took—that lie had the ngnt
to arrest this expedition, and to prevent its being
I carried on against Nicaragua. The only question
people of the United States will never sanction
, any such doctrine.
i True, when Commodore Paulding, a gallant
1 and veteran officer of the United States, who for
■ forty years has borne the flag of his country, car-
| ried out fairly the instructions which he received
| to prevent Walker from landing and levying war
' on Nicaragua; when he, in good faith, made that
arrest, such a clamor was raised against the Ad-
ministration that they dared not face the respons-
ibility of their own act. F know the Adminis-
tration seemed to shriiikfrom it. Instead of doing
as Mr. Monroe's administration did when Gen-
eral Jackson invaded Florida and took Fort St.
Marks against the remonstrance of the Spanish
Governor; instead ofbacking up Paulding; instead
of saying, as Monroe's administration did, that
every dictate of common sense—the common
sense wliich was written with adamant on the
hearts of mankind-=-sustained his conduct, this
Administration retreat from the responsibility,
shrink from it, and suffer Commodoie Paulding
to be sued, and actions of trespass have been com-
menced against him in the city of New York and
elsewhere, I am told. This man is to he prose-
cuted, and suffered to be ruined; and for what,
sir? Simply for doing his duty in carrying out,
in good faith, the command that was given him, to
prevent General Walker, as he is called, from
levying war oil a friendly Power; because he
passed' one of the vessels in the harbor of Sail
