944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
there is hardly a Power that would not reluctant-
ly engage with you—but you can never, never
conquer Kansas. Your power, like a throne
which is built of pine boards, and covered with
purple, is weakness, except it be defended by a
people confiding in you, because satisfied that
you are just, and grateful for the freedom that,
under you, they enjoy.
Sir, in view once more of this subject of sla-
very, I submit that our own dignity requires that
we shall give over this champerty" with slave-
holders, which we practice in prescribing acqui-
escence in their rule as a condition of toleration
of self-government in the Teriitories. We are
defeated in it. We may wisely give it up, and
admit Kansas as a free State, since she will con-
sent to be admitted only in that character.
Mr. President, if I could at all suppose it desir-
able or expedient to enlarge the fieid of slave la-
bor, and of slaveholding sway in this Republic,
I should nevertheless maintain that it is wise to
relinquish the effort to sustain slavery in Kansas.
The question, in regard to that Territory, has
risen from a private one about slavery as a do-
mestic institution, to one of slavery as a national
policy. At every step you have been failing. Will
you go on still further, ever confident, and yet
ever unsuccessful?
I believe, sir, to some extent, in the isothermal
theory. I think there are regions, beginning at
the north pole, and stretching southward, where
slavery will die out soon, if it be planted; and I
know, too well, that in the tropics, and to some
extent northward of them, slavery lives long, and
is hard to extirpate. But I cannot find a certain
boundary. I am sure, however, that 36° 30'" is
too far north. I think it is a movable boundary,
and that every year it advances towards a more
southern parallel.
But is there just now a real want of a new State
for the employment of slave labor ? I see and feel
the need of room for a new State to be assigned
to free labor, of room for such a new State almost
every year. I think I see how it arises. Free
white men abound in this country, and in Europe,
and even in Asia. Economically speaking, their
labor is cheap—there is a surplus of it. Under
improved conditions ofsocietv, life grows longer,
and men multiply faster. Wars, Which some-
times waste them, grow less frequent and less de-
structive. Invention is continually producing ma-
chines and engines, artificial laborers, crowding
them from one field of industry to another—ever
more from the eastern regions of this continent
to the west; ever more from the overcrowded east-
ern continent to the prairies and the wildernesses
in our own. But I do not see any such overflow-
ing of the African slave population in this coun-
try, even where it is unresisted. Free labor has
been obstructed in Kansas. There are, neverthe-
less, fifty or sixty thousand freemen gathered
there already; gathered there within four years.
Slave labor has been free to importation. There
are only one or two hundred slaves there. To j
settle and occupy a new slave State anywhere is, ;
pmipassw, to depopulate old slave States. Whence, I
then, are the supplies of slaves to come, and how?
Only by revivmg'the African slave trade. But this
is forbidden. Visionaries dream that the prohibi- I
tion can be repealed. The idea is insane. A Re- i
public of thirty millions of freemen, with a free
white laboring population so dense as already to
crowd on subsistence, to be brought to import ]
negroes from Africa to supplant them as cultiva- !
tors, and so to subject themselves to starvation I
Though Africa is yet unorganized, and unable to
protect itself, still it has already exchanged, in
a large degree, its wars to make slaves and its
commerce in slaves for legitimate agriculture and
trade. Ail European States are interested in the;
civilization of lhat continent, and they will not
consent that we shall arrest it. The Christian
ciiurch cannot be forced back two centuries, and
be made to sanction the African slave trade as a ■
missionary enterprise.
Every nation has always some ruling idea, ;
which, however, changes with the several stages
of its development. A ruling idea of the colonies ''
on this continent, two hundred years ago, was,
labor to subdue and reclaim nature. Then Afri-
can slavery was seized and employed as an aux- j
iiiary, under a seeming necessity. That idea lias ii
ceased forever. It has given place to a new one. i'
■Aggrandizement of tiie nation, not, indeed, as it '
once was, to make a small State great, but to
make a State already great the greatest of all
States. It still demandslabor, but it is 110 longer
the ignorant labor of barbarians, bat labor per-
fected by knowledge and skill, and combination
with all the scientific principles of mechanism.
It demands, not the labor of slaves, which needs
to be watched and defended, but voluntary, en-
lightened labor, stimulated by interest, affection,
and ambition. It needs that every man shall own
the land he tills; that every head shall be fit for
the helmet, and every hand fit for the sword, and
every mind ready and qualified for counsel To
attempt to aggrandize a country with slaves for
its inhabitants, would be to try to make a large
body of empire with feeble sinews and empty
veins.
Mr. President, the expansion of territory to
make slave States will only fail to be a great crime
because it is impracticable; and, therefore, will
turn out to be a stupendous imbecility. A free
republican Government like this, notwithstanding
all its constitutional checks, cannot long resist and
counteract the progress of society. Slavery, where-
ever and whenever, arid in whatsoever form itex-
ists, is exceptional, local, and short-lived. Free-
dom is the common right, interest, and ultimate
destiny, of all mankind. All other nations have
already abolished, or are about abolishing, slavery.
Does this fact mean nothing? All parties m this
country that have tolerated the extension of sla-
very, except one, has perished for that error al-
ready. That last one—the Democratic party—is
hurrying on irretrievably toward the same fate.
All administrations that have avowed this policy
have gone down dishonored for thatcause,except
the present one. A pit deeper and darker still is
opening to receive this Administration, because
it sins more deeply than its predecessors. There
is a meaning in all these facts, which it becomes
us to study well. The nation has advanced an-
other stage; it has reached the point where inter-
vention by the Government for slavery and slave
States will no longer be tolerated. Free labor has
at last apprehended its rights, its interests, its
power, and its destiny; and is organizing itself
to assume the government of the Republic. It
will henceforth meet you boldly and resolutely
here; it will meet you every where—in the Terri-
tories or out of them—wherever you may go to
extend shivery. It has driven you back in Cal-
ifornia and in Kansas; it will invade you soon
in Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Missouri, and
Texas. It will meet you in Arizona, in Central
America, and even m Cuba. The invasion will be
not merely harmless, but beneficent, if you yield
seasonably to its just and moderated demands.
It proved so in New York, New Jersey, Penn-
sylvania, and the other slave States which have
already yielded in that way to its advances. You
may, indeed, get a start under or near the tropics,
and seem safe for a time, but it will be only a
slioit time. Even there you will found States
only for free labor to maintain and occupy. The
interest of the white races demands the ultimate
emancipation of all men. Whether that consum-
mation shall ho allowed to take effect, with need-
ful and wise precautions against sudden change
and disaster, or be hurried on by violence, is all
that remains for you to decide. For the failure of
your system of slave labor throughout the Re- j
public, the responsibility will rest, noton the agi- j
tators you condemn, oron the political parties you '
arraign, or even altogether 011 yourselves, but it
i will be due to the inherent error of the system i
| itself, and to the error which thrusts it forward i
; to oppose and resist the destiny not more of the
t African than that of the white races. The white I
' man needs this continent to labor upon. His head
is clear, his arm is strong, and his necessities are 1
fixed. He must and will have it. To secure it, he :
will oblige the Government of the United States to '
abandon intervention in favor of slave labor and :
slave States, and go backward forty years and re- :
mime the original policy of intervention in favor of
free labor and free States. The fall of the castle I
of San Juan d'Ulloa determined the fate of Mex-
ico, although sore sieges and severe pitched bat- !
ties intervened before the capture of the capital of :
the Aztecs. The defeats you have encountered in !
California and 111 Kansas determine t he fa>p of the
principle for which you have been contending. It
is for yourselves, not for us, to decide how long ,]
and through what further mortifications and dis- m
asters the contest shall be protracted, before free-
dom shall enjoy her already assured triumph. I
would have it ended now, and would have the
wounds of society bound up and healed. But this
can be done only in one way It cannot be done
by offering further resistance, nor by any evasion
or partial surrender, nor by forcing Kansas into
the Union as a slave State, against her will, leav-
ing her to cast off slavery afterwards, as she best
may; nor by compelling Minnesota and Oregon
to wait, and wear the humiliating costume of Ter-
ritories at the doors of Congress, until the people
of Kansas, or their true defenders here, shall be
brought to dishonorable compromises. It can be
done only by the simple and direct admission of
the three new States as free States, without qual-
ification, condition, reservation, or compromise,
and by the abandonment of all further attempts
to extend slavery under the Federal Constitution.
You have unwisely pushed the controversy so
far, that only these broad concessions will now
be accepted by the interest of free labor and/ree
States. For myself, I see this fact perhaps the
more distinctly now, because I have so long fore-
seen it. I can therefore counsel nothing less than
those concessions. I know the hazards I ineur
in taking this position. I know how men and
parties, now earnest, and zealous, and bold, may
yet fall away from me, as the controversy shall
wax warm, and alarms and dangers, now un-
looked for, shall stare them in the face, as men
and parties, equally earnest, bold, and zealous,
have done, in like circumstances, before. But it
is the same position 1 took in the case of Califor-
nia, eight years ago. It is the same I maintained
on the great occasion of the organization of Kan-
sas and Nebraska, four years ago. Time and
added experience have vindicated it since; and I
assume itagain, to be maintained to the last, with
confidence that it will be justified, ultimately, by
the country and by the civilized world. You may
refuse to yield it now, and for a short period; hut
your refusal will only animate the friends of free-
dom with the courage and the resolution, and pro-
duce the union among them, which alone are ne-
cessary, on their part, to attain the position itself
simultaneously with the impending overthrow of
the existing Federal Administration and the con-
stitution of a new and more independent Congress.
Mr. President, this expansion of the empire of
free white men is to be conducted through the
process of admitting new States, and not other-
wise. The white man, whether you consent or
not, will make the States to be admitted, and he
will make them all free States. We must admit
them, and admit them all free; otherwise, they will
become independent and foreign States, constitu-
ting a new empire to contend with us for the con-
tinent. To admit them is a simple, easy, and
natural policy. It is not new to us, or to our
times. It began with the voluntary union of the
fust thirteen. It has continued to go 011, over-
riding all resistance, ever since. It will go 011 until
the ends of the continent are the borders of our
Union. Thus we become coiaborers with our
fathers, and even with our posterity throughout
many ages. After times, contemplating the whole
vast structure, completed and perfected, will for-
get the dates, and the eras,and the individualities
of the builders in their successive generations It
will be one great Republic, founded by one body
of benefactors. I wonder that the President of
the United States undervalues the Kansas ques-
tion, when it is a part of a transaction so im mense
and sublime. Far from sympathizing with him
in bis desire to depreciate it, and to be rid of it, I
felicitate myself on my humble relation to it; for
I know that Heaven cannotgrant, nor man desire,
a more favorable occasion to acquire fame, than
he enjoys who is engaged in laying the founda-
tions of a great empire; and I know, also, that
while mankind have often deified their benefac-
tors, no nation has ever yet bestowed honors oil
the memories of the founders of slavery.
I have always believed, Mr. President, that
this glorious Federal Constitution of ours is adapt-
ed to the inevitable expansion of the empire which
I have so feebly presented. It has been perverted
often by misconstruction, and it has yet to be per-
verted many tunes, and widely, hereafter; but it
has inherent strength and vigor that will cast off
all the webs which the ever-changing interests of
classes may weave around it. If it fail us now,
it will, however, not bo our fault, but because an
