2030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
. Mr. SIMMONS. I know that; but when I
wanted to modify that act I found trouble with
my Georgia friends. I wanted to reduce the act
of 1842, in iieu of passing the act of 1846, and I
could neverget one of them to consent to any re-
duction. They said the act of 1842 was the best
in tii'- worM, and everybody was growing up
under it. But I have not said one word this win-
ter about the rates of duty. I have come down
now to the ground that if you will stop cheating,
I^wiii be content with any rate of duty you wiii
give us. That is my ground. Is that high protec-
tion? I think everybody is entitled to protection
against being cheated, if the Government can give
it,.and 1 think I shall have the aid of my distin-
guished friend in giving it. *
Mr. TOOMBS. It is likely you will.
Mr. SIMMONS. So that we shall be together,
I am no stickler about this matter. I have no
acquaintance with this fishing business. 1 sug-
gested that I was willing to vote for five years
instead of seven, if it could get general assent, I
believe we had better have anything that will be
pretty tolerably harmonious, than to fight for two
or three years about time; and if the Senator from
Georgia and the Senator from Maine are willing,
I should be glad to compromise upon five years.
Mr. HAMLIN. I would like to try seven.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will vote for the longest
time. I want to give them a fair chance.
-Now, let me make one suggestion to the Sena-
tor from Georgia. Some of the vessels are old
ones. If the bounties be taken off, in my opinion
there will be no new vessels built, and there will
be less left; they are wearing out, so that that is
one motive for fixing seven years; and as fast as
an old vessel wears out, they will not build anew
one to take her place, with no prospect of bounty,
and towards the end of the time you will have very
few. The idea that the experience of the world
has shown that these bounties are injudicious
to business, is a novel one to me. I believe Eng-
land, and Holland, and France are about as old
nations as there are now who have ever had any
commercial credit, in modern times, at any rate,
and they 
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will pardon me, I
will say that they have proven that they agree
■with the Senator from Georgia in denouncing
these bounties as inexpedientand unwise in policy
by abandoning them. They have abandoned
their bounties.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator, in his speech,
said that there was no wisdom in these bounties,
because our whale fisheries had outstripped the
English and French,though they continued to give
bounties. I do not know whether he was right
or wrong, but I took it from that.
Mr. CLAY. I am right, and I shall adduce in
conclusion 
Mr. SIMMONS. Did not the Senator talk
about the English giving bounties ?
Mr. CLAY. They did so, but have repealed
them.
Mr. SIMMONS. When ?
Mr. CLAY. In 1830, on the herring and whale
fisheries.
Mr. SIMMONS. Do they give cod-fish boun-
ties yet ?
Mr. CLAY. No, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS, Then how comes it that the
Senator used that as an argument to prove that
these bounties were deleterious ? He says we out-
strip them in the whale fishery notwithstanding
they give bounties.
Mr. CLAY. I stated that they had originated
the system of bounties, ft was transplanted from
Europe to this country. They originated the sys-
tem and pursued it for two hundred years in regard
to the herring fishery. I shall be prepared to
show, if I am ever permitted to conclude the de-
bate, by the testimony of English writers as well
as New Englanders, that the fisheries languished
under their bounty system, although they gave
far greater bounties than we have ever given, or
proposed to give, and finally they repealed their
bounties. Prom 1789, and, indeed, further back—
for our whale fisheries date a long way back of
that—throughout the period of our contest with
them in the whale fishery from the time we com-
menced whaie fishing up to 1830, we beat them,
although they gave bounties and we gave none.
They gave enormous bounties sometimes. I will
show that a New England writer, of great c'feleb-
rity, boasted of our triumph over them, unaided
by the Government.
Mr. SIMMONS. The tenor of the Senator's
argument would lead anybody to suppose that our
vessels, without bounties, had been successful
against a nation that gave bounties. That is what
he said. I am not going to continue this debate,
I hope the Senator from Maine, if he does not
carry his amendment for seven years, will agree
to five. I think he had better compound for five
years now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to say a word in
relation to this amendment of the Senator from
Maine. The appeal is made to our sense of jus-
tice if this bill should pass, to retain these boun-
ties for some six or seven years longer, upon the
statement that parties have gone into the business,
induced to embark in it by reason of the legisla-
tion of Congress, and that their business would
be broken up in the event of a sudden repeal of
these bounties. I admit the propriety of the ap-
peal to the extent of allowing these parties fair
time to embark in other business; but there is
nothing whatever in the appeal, so far as it is ad-
dressed to a claim on the equity of the Govern-
ment, because they have embarked in a business
upon the faith of the bounty. Why, sir, upon a
principle like that, you never could change your
tariff laws. Every time there has been a change
in the tariff laws the same argument has always
been made. We have established our manufac-
tures on the faith of a certain rate of protection,
of duty, and now it would be unfair to break ua
up by lowering the duty. The answer to that
has always been, you know, that the same power
which created this bounty had it in its power, at
any moment, to repeal it, and it was a part of the
risk of the business which you assumed when you
chose to buy vessels and embark in this fishing
business. You did it, on the one hand, with a
view to the bounties of the legislation then exist-
ing; but if you were prudent men, as you were ;
all supposed to be, you also had in contemplation
the possibility of the repeal; and taking the bounty
on the one hand, and the risk of repeal on the
other, you based your business operations on
those two elements in your calculation.
Now, sir, I see no justice or propriety in this
argument that the bounties are to be continued, if.
they are injudicious and impolitic, for some six
or seven years, until the vessels wear out; but that
a reasonable time should be allowed to any class
of our citizens who may desire to abandon this
business to seek other employment for their ves-
sels, I admit to be a reasonable appeal. We had
this matter discussed in committee; and I do not
think the Senator from Maine asked any such
length of time.
Mr. HAMLIN. I made amotion for ten years,
and you voted me down.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I dare say the Senator is
right; I yield at once to his recollection of the
facts; but we discussed the matter in committee.
Some gentlemen were for immediate repeal; some
for repeal at the end of the present year, and
we finally agreed that if the present season was
worked out and another full season given, that
would beampleand reasonable time for the repeal,
if the repeal was to take place.
I will say a word more, as I am up, on the gen-
eral subject. I have listened with great attention
to the arguments in favor of retaining this bounty.
They have been able and ingenious, and if I be-
lieved that these fisheries could not be maintained
without the bounty, I never would give a vote for
the repeal; but I do not think any line of argu-
ment could induce me to come to that conclusion.
I have some very thorough convictions on the
subject. I believe that, according to all the max-
ims of political economy, these matters regulate
themselves. If cod fish to a certain amount is
required for the supply of the world, and if the
Government pays a bounty, purchasers get it that
much cheaper. If the Goverment withholds that
bounty, those who buy the fish pay the additional
price, for those who catch the fish must live by
the business or it will be abandoned. I believe
that to be true in general as regards business, all
over the world.
I agree with the Senator from Georgia that you
cannot build up any business by bounties, because
if the business is a profitable one, many persons
go into it, and competition reduces it to a general
level; and if the business is an unprofitable one,
bounties will not keep it up, for no such bounties
as you pay could begin to keep up a business that
was unprofitable. It merely acts on the price of
the commodity brought into market. ' Take the
case of these bounties as thegentlemen themselves
show them to be. They state that there are about
two thousand fishing vessels—some say three
thousand. According to my calculation, they re-
ceive from one to two hundred dollars apiece from
the Government. The large ones receive more,
and the smaller ones less; butthe average pay now
given by the Government is about three hundred
thousand dollars; therefore, from one to two hun-
dred dollars apiece to two thousand or three thou-
sand vessels is the amount of the bounty. If the
fishermen cannot live without that addition to
what they are now receiving, what will be the re-
sult? That they must charge the additional price
on the fish or stop catching fish. If the supply
of fish diminishes, the price rises, and that rise of
price compensates for the diminished supply. The
matter will regulate itself according to the well-
known principles of political economy. Either
cod fish will be abandoned as an article of human
consumption, or those who catch the fish will re-
ceive a living price for catching it, and all your
legislation cannot change that fact. Under these
circumstances, and believing it to be entirely con-
trary to the true principles of government,! can-
not vote for the continuance of this bounty.
Mr. COLLAMER. The people whom I rep-
resent have no interest in this matter at all, more
I than the constituents of the Senator from Louisi-
ana, but I will suggest to him one consideration
in response to the suggestion he has made. In
my opinion there will be as many fish caught
without these bounties as with them; and at a
reasonable and fair rate of price, the demand of
the world will be supplied; but it should be re-
membered that we have a reciprocity treaty by
which the fish caught by fishermen of the British
Provinces pass into this country without duty.
The Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfound-
land, and Labrador fisheries can be altogether bet-
ter and easier pursued by fishermen there than
from this country, and when this bounty is taken
off, inasmuch as the fishermen of those Prov-
inces can bring fish intoourmarket withoutduty,
the advantage of their locality is such that the ef-
fect will be that the fisheries will pass into the
hands of the inhabitants of the British Provinces
and will produce seamen for the British Navy
instead of American seamen for the American
Navy. That will be the effect.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not know that I vio-
late the secrecy of executive session when I say
that it was with a view to just such consequences
as these that I voted against the reciprocity treaty.
Now, what is the argument? The reciprocity
treaty was made, the result of which was exclu-
sively for the benefit of our northern brethren,
because there is no reciprocal commerce between
Canada and the South. By that treaty we agreed
that if England would let our produce into Canada
and the other British Provinces without any duty
on their part, they might send the products of
those Provinces into our country without duty.
Their fish now come in free of duty. This Gov-
ernment has abandoned all revenue arising from
the Canada trade with the northern frontier; and
because it has abandoned that revenue the prop-
osition now is, if the Senator from Vermont be
correct in his argument, that after having done
that, the remainder of the Union shall make up a
protection for the fishermen to compensate for the
abandonment of the duty on imported fish by con-
tributing a bounty to them to enable them to com-
pete with those who are enabled to fish nearer to
the banks by reason of the proximity of their har-
bors. The result is that we pay both sides. The
remainder of the country is to pay both sides.
The whole burden of the reciprocity treaty, then,
is to be thrown on that part of the country which
does not catch the fish. It is to pay protection
to those who do, after abandoning the revenues
which the nation derived from the impost upon
British goods coming in across the Canadian front-
ier.
Sir, every step that you make in a policy of this
character shows more and more glaringly its in-
equality in its operation on the different parts of
the Union. I do notthi.nlc it is a fair system, and
I do not think the Senator from Vermont helps it
much By his explanation. It may undoubtedly
