THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 1858.
New Series No. 60.
inevitable crisis, like that of youth, or of manhood,
is to be encountered by a constitution proved in
that case to be inadequate to the triai. I am sure
that no patriot, who views the subject as I do,
could wish to evade or delay the trial. By delay we
could only extend slavery, at the most, through-
out the Atlantic region of the continent. The
Pacific slope is free, and it always must and will
be free. The mountain barriers that separate us
from that portion of our empire are quite enough
to alienate us too widely, possibly to divide us
too soon. Let us only become all slaveholding
States on this side of those barriers, while only
free States are organized and perpetuated on the
other side, and then indeed there will come a di-
vision of the great American family into two na-
tions, equally ambitious for complete control over
the continent, and a conflict between them, over
which the world will mourn, as the greatest and
last to be retrieved of all the calamities that have
ever befallen the human race.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. Mr. Pres-
ident, I shall vote for the bill for the admission of
Kansas as a State into the Union, and I shall ask
permission, very briefly, to state some of the rea-
sons which induce me to do so.
I am aware, sir, that this subject has been so
fully discussed in this Chamber that nothing new
can be added to it by any one, least of ail by me;
and I therefore owe an apology m advance to the
Senate for repeating, as I shall be obliged to do,
what has been said before so much better than I
can possibly hope to do. But the section of the
Union from which I come, with the views 1 en-
tertain, render it proper, if not necessary, that I
should ask your indulgence for a few minutes.
For the last four years our countiy has been
kept in a state of fearful excitement by the agita-
tion of a question which has threatened the exist-
ence of our Union, and, if much longer continued,
must at no distant day inevitably dissolve it.
An opportunity, in my opinion, is now pre-
sented to settle it—an opportunity by which this
question, which can never be discussed with profit
or safety in Congress, may be removed forever
from its Halls.
An opportunity is now presented to localize an
institution within the limits of the States which
are interested in it, and to carry out the gieat
principle of the Kansas-Nebiaska act of " non-
intervention by Congress with slavery in the
States and Territories." Shall we embrace the
opportunity thus piesented, or shall we, by neg-
lecting it, put in peril, as we will do, the peace,
if not the existence, of the Union?
A Territory of the United States asks admis-
sion as a State into the Union, and presents to
you a constitution 111 every respect—in form and
xn substance—legal and republican; a constitution
framed and put into operation in precisely the
same manner as ten out of the new States of the
Union; a constitution whose validity is recognized
by the acts of the people, and substantially rati-
fied by their election, under its provisions, of a
member of Congress to represent them in your
House of Representatives, a Governor, and mem-
bers of the State Legislature.
But, notwithstanding this perfect conformity
with law and usage, this application is resisted
on the ground of its constitution not being in ac-
cordance with the will of the people, and its not
having been submitted as a whole to them for rat-
ification or rejection.
Now, Mr. President, from the great stress
which has been laid in certain quarters upon the
necessity of such a submission, one would be apt
to suppose that such had always heretofore been
the rule as a prerequisite to the admission of a
State into the Union; and that the case of Kansas,
in which the whole constitution was not submit-
ted to the people, was a fatal exception to that rule,
and on that account should be rejected by Con-
gress.
But in the investigation which I have made into
the history of the formation of the constitutions
of the different States of the Union, I have arrived
at a very different result; and am satisfied that, so
60
far from submission being a rule, it has been a
marked exception to it. Now, although I do most
heartily approve of the submission to the people of
a State of all great questions affecting their inter-
ests, not only their forms of government, but also
legislative acts involving the creation of debt and
the faith of the State, yet, sir, the submission of
a constitution, after having been framed by a con-
vention of delegates duly elected for that purpose,
has certainly not been considered necessary by a
large number, if not by a majority of the States
of this Union. If the people desire to act directly
by their votes upon the adoption of a constitution,
they have the undoubted right to do so. But they
have an equal right to delegate their power to a
convention to act for them, and to make and put
in operation a constitution,without submitting it
to them for their further action.
And if it be true, as has recently been said, that
a submission to the people,and theiradoption of
a constitution, is necessary to give it Validity, then,
upon the same principle, legislative acts should
in like manner be submitted before taking effect;
for the people are more interested in, and fre-
quently more seriously injured by, bad laws than
by bad constitutions.
I have said that a large number, if not a major-
ity, of the States of the Union, have not consid-
ered this submission as at all necessary. The
constitutions, now in force, of the following named
States, were not submitted for ratification to the
people, but adopted m convention.
Vermont adopted her constitution July 4,1793,
in convention at Windsor. (Compiled Statutes
of Vermont, page 15.)
Connecticut, by convention, in 1318. (See Com-
pilation of Statutes of Connecticut, 1654, pages 29
and 45.)
Delaware, by convention, in 1831. (See Acts
of 1831, page 49; and Revised Code, page 43.)
Pennsylvania, by convention, in 1838, with a
provision for future amendments to be ratified by
the people. (See Purdoirs Digest, page 17, sec-
tion 10.)
North Carolina adopted her present constitu-
tion m 1776, by convention; amendments ill 1835.
South Carolina, in 1790, by convention,
Georgia, by convention, on the 23d of May,
1798.
Alabama, in 1819, by convention under ena-
bling act. (See Code of Alabama, page 26. section
5, page 28.)
Mississippi, by convention, in 1817; and revised
in like manner in 1832.
Tennessee, by convention, in 1836.
Kentucky, by convention, in 1799.
Arkansas,by convention, withoutenablingact.
(See Revised Statutes of Arkansas, pages 17-48.)
Missouri,by convention, iu 1820;andnot sub-
mitted to the people.
Illinois, by convention, in 1818; also a'ppears
not to have been submitted to the people.
The following were compelled by statute to
submit the constitutions framed by the conven-
tions to the people:
New York, constitution adopted in 1846. Sec-
tion 9, act of 1845, providing for the convention,
required its ratification by the people.
New Jersey, act of 1844, approved February
23. Section nine required its submission to the
people. It was submitted and ratified m 1844.
Maryland, formed in 1851, and ratified by the
people, m accordance with previous act of Legis-
lature. (See Acts of 1849, chapter 34G, section 8.)
Virginia, formed m 1851. Act of March 13,
1851, required its ratification by the people.
Indiana, formed in 1851, ratified by the people,
as required by the law authorizing the conven-
tion. (See act of 1850, approved January 18,
sections 14 and 15.) The section relative to the
exclusion and colonization of negroes was sub-
mitted as a distinct proposition. (See Revised
Statutes, volume 1, page 72.)
Wisconsin, 1848. Section nine of schedule re-
quired its ratification by thepeople. (Revised Stat-
utes, 1849.) In April, 1847, the constitution was
defeated by over seven thousand majority. (Niles's
Register, volume 72, page 114.) A new const!-'
tution was then formed, and the State admitted
under it May 29, 1848. ;
Iowa, formed in 1846. Previous laws of June
10, 1845, (over the veto of the Governor,) and of
January 17, 1846, required ratification by the
people.
Ohio, the first constitution, formed under an
enabling act of Congress, adopted 29th October,
1802, was not submitted to the people; that of
1 the 10th March, 1857, was submitted to the peo-
ple and approved by them.
: Louisiana, formed 1852. The constitution was,
by previous enactment, required to be submitted,
i and was ratified by the people.
j Michigan, formed 1850. Act of March 9, 1850,
| required it to be submitted to the people. (Seo
j Laws of 1850, No. 78, section 6, on page 66 )
i Maine, formed in 1819, by convention, (page
'■ 432Hickey's Constitution;) amendments submit-
| ted to the people 1834, 1837, 1839.
j New Hampshire, formed 1792. (See Compiled
! Statutes, page 15.) Approved by the two-third
! vote of the people, and established by convention
I September 5, 1792.
i Rhode Island, formed 1842. Ratified by vote of
; the people in pursuance of act of the Legislature.
I Massachusetts, formed 1780. Convention ad-
journed till constitution was ratified by two-third
vote.
! Texas, formed 1845. Submitted to and ratified
! by the people.
j The constitutions of the following States were
I submitted by conventions to the people, without
i their being leqmied by law to do so:
; Florida, formed in 1838, Tei liional act of 1833
1 (see act of 1838, paire 5) did not require the rat-
ification of the constitution by the people. There
was no authority of Congress. The convention
(see Digest of Laws of Florida, page 9) required
ratification by the people,
California, formed 111 1849. Convention re-
quired the ratification of the constitution by the
peop'e. There was no authority of Congress or
legislative act to frame a constitution. (Sec Stat-
utes of California, page 24, sections 5, <3, and 7.)
Fiom this statement it will be seen, sir, that in
fourteen States constitutions were formed by con-
ventions, and went into operation without any
submission whatever to the people.
In fifteen States conventions, ill obediei.ee to
the law convning them, directed the submission
of their constitutions to the people; and in only
two States, viz., Florida and California, conven-
tions submitted their constitutions to the people,
without being required by law to do so.
But, considering the very peculiar circum-
stances attending the formation of the constitu-
tions and State governments of these States,
Florida and California, they can hardly be re-
garded as exceptions to the. rule and practice of
conventions, viz., submitting constitutions only
i when they were expressly required by law to do
! so.
■ j In the case of Florida the constitution was sub-
mitted to Congress February 20, 1839, and it was
! not admitted as a State until March 3,1845. This
! delay was occasioned by the great diversity ot
i opinion winch existed in the Territory, as to
i whether application should be made at that time
1 for the admission of the Territory as a State, or
! to postpone the application until their population
:l would authorize them to ask admission for two
! States, East and West Florida, into the Union.
I It was this difference of opinion, as appears from
ii the proceedings of Congress from 1839 to 1845,
j which postponed its admission for so long a time.
1 The submission of the constitution to the people
! was not intended merely (if at all) for the purpose
|j of securing their ratification of its provisions; but
!; for the purpose of ascertaining whether they de-
ll" sired,at that time, to make application, under the
]! constitution submitted to them, for admission into
the Union. The vote on this question was very
I' nearly equal. The difference between Florida
ij and Kansas, m this respect, is-avery marked one.
i! In Kansas the sense of the people as to whether
