mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 10.
The SPEAKER. The Secretary has no con-
trol oyer the works of John Adams, of which
there are three or four hundred copies.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. MAYNA RD. I move that the communi-
cation be printed.
*Tfte motion was agreed to.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. MORGAN obtained the floor.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 ask the gentleman from
New York to let me have the flow, to make some
reports from the Committee on Military Affairs,
on territorial business. He will remember that
Tuesday and Wednesday have been set apart for
the consideration of that business, and unless
these reports come in now, they cannot be printed
in time for the action of the House.
Mr. MORGAN. I have no objection to yield-
ing for that purpose.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back House bill No.
479, making an appropriation for the construction
of a wagon and emigrant road in the Territory of
New Mexico, with an amendment; which were
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported
back House bill No. 58, for the completion of mil-
itary roads in theTerritory of Washington; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; and ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported
back House bill No. 369, making an appropri-
ation for the completion of the Port Ridgeley and
South Pass wagon road, with an amendment;
which were referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported
back House bill No. 178, for the construction of
military roads m the Territory of Washington,
with the recommendation that it do not pass;
•which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported
back House bill No. 415, for the construction of
a wagon road connecting the navigable waters of
the Missouri and Columbia rivers, with the rec-
ommendation that it do not pass; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported
back House bill No. 425, to authorize the Secie-
tary of War to settle and adjust the expenses in-
curred in defending the frontier settlements of
Nebraska against the Indians in the year 1855;'
which was referred to theConimittee of the Whole
on the, state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. FAULKNER, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from the j
further consideration of the memorials of the Le- i
gislative Assembly of Washington Territory rel-1
ative to a military road from the military post at i
FortTownsend to intersect the military road from j
Fort Vancouver to Fort Steilacoom; relative to a |
military road from Fort Vancouver to Fort Dal-
las; relative to the remuneration of citizens for
making a military road over Nachess Pass; rela-
tive to a military post at New Dungeness, and a
military road from New Dungeness to Fort Town-
send; and relative to the completion of a military j
road from Fort Steilacoom to Fort Bellingham; j
also the petitions of the citizens of Nebraska Ter-;
ritory, asking for an appropriation for a wagon j
road from Nebraska City to Fort Kearny, in said j
Territory; also the memorials of the Legislative '
Assembly of theTerritory of New Mexico, pray-
ing an appropriation and bounty land for services
of the volunteers in said Territory, and praying
an appropriation for the actual necessary expenses
«f the militia of said Territory.
Ordered, That the said peuuons and memorials he laid
on the table.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill for the survey of the
Columbia river; which was readaftrst and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. J, GLANCY JQNE5, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee of Ways and Means,
reported bills of the following titles; which were
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal vear
ending 30th of June, 1859;
A bill to supply deficiencies for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending the-30th of
June, 1858;
A bill making supplemental appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1859; and
A bill making appropriations for the transporta-
tion of the United States mails by ocean steamers
and otherwise, during the fiscal year ending June
30,1859.
On motion of Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, the
Committee of Ways and Means was discharged
from the further consideration of a petition ask-
ing appropriations for the protection of life and
property on the coast of New York; and the same
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, the
Committee of Ways and Means was discharged
from the further consideration of sundry p'etitions
asking for the passage of a general relief law; and
the same were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, made adverse reports
on the petitions of David Thomas anil Rutger D.
Miller, of New York; which were severally laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
territory of nevada.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report from the
Committee on Territories a bill to organize the
Territory of Nevada, and that the bill and report
be printed.
Mr. COBB. I object.
benton's abridgement of debates.
Mr. NICHOLS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution, for
reference only. It is a joint resolution author-
izins; the purchase of Benton's Abridgement of
the Debates of Congress.
Mr. CURRY. I object.
KA.THERINE M.HAMER.
Mr. COCKERILL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to continue the pension of Kath-
erine M. Hamer; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
suffrage in the territories.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, by unanimous consent,
from the Committer on Territories, reported back,
with a x'ecommendauon that it do pass, House
bill No. 119 to regulate and make uniform the
right of suffrage in the Territories of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the stateof the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
kansas reports.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the gen-
eral consent of the House to allow the reports of
the majority and minority of the select committee
on Kansas to be presented.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I ask the gentleman
to include reports from special committees. I
have had one for two months, and I desire to pre-
sent ic and have it printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I do notintend to ob-
ject to the request of the gentleman from Georgia,
but I desire to enter my protest against commit-
tees having their reports printed before they have
been authorized to do so.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to the
request of the gentleman from Geoi^ia.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
the gentleman from Alabama withdraws his ob-
jection to my reporting the bill from the Commit-
tee on Territories, which I asked leave to report
some moments since.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. CLEMENS. I renew the objection jj
Mr. MORGAN. I believe I am entitled to the
floor.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed an act (S.
No. 189) for the relief of Rufus Dwinel; and
An act (S. No. 30?) to authorize the Secretary
j of the Treasury to sell the old custom-house and
site, in Bath, Maine, and for other purposes; in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
Mr, MAYNARD. I ask permission of the
gentleman from New York to report a bill from
the Committee of Cla'ms.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I ask the gentle-
man to allow me to introduce a bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will my
friend from New York yield to mo?
Mr. MORGAN. I must decli ne to yield any
further. I ask the unanimous consent of the House
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That all Senate bill; of a private nature on the
Speaker's table, and on their first and second reading.be
taken up and referred to the appropriate committees ; and
that in the consideration of the Private Calendar on Friday
next, there shall be no debate m Committee ot'the Whole,
and all bills that are not objected to shall be reported to the
House and finally disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
resolution will be modified so as to include the
call of committees.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I suggest to the
gentleman from New York that if it is the pleas-
ure of the House to make Friday objection day,
he had better include Saturday also. It will be
impossible to get through the Calendar in one day.
Mr. MORGAN. Wo can have along session,
and there will be no debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are some
veiy longiepoits. I think the gentleman had bet-
ter include Saturday.
Mr. SAND1DGE. I hope the gentleman will
include Saturday.
Mr. MORGAN, We can have that afterwards
just as well; but I think we can get through on
Friday.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the res-
olution.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. MORGAN. I think we can get through
on Friday. I object to any amendment, and moVe
the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask that an
amendment, which I desire to offer as a substi-
tute, may be read for information.
The proposed amendment was reported, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That Saturday, the loth day of May instant,
shall be devoted to the consideration of private business;
and after one hour shall have been given to the reports of
committees, the Howe will resolve itself into a Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar, and will pro-
ceed to act upon bills, to the passage of which there shall
be no objection.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That will give
us Friday for the transaction of business which
shall give rise to discussion, and Saturday as ob-
jection day.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the consent of the gen-
tleman from New York to add the following to his
resolution:
And that during the present session, debate i n the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Calendar shall
be confined to fifteen minutes on anyone bill.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Make it half an
hour.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. No; fifteen
minutes is long enough.
Mr. MORGAN. I insist on the demand for
the previous question on my resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now call for
the execution of the order under that resolution.
