946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
they desired admission into the Union, was taken
before the assembling of the convention, and in
Florida, m a different form, after it had framed a
constitution.
And with regard to California the same neces-
sity of submission existed in an equal, if not
greater degree. At the time of the formation of
the constitution of that State, California was not
an organized Territory of the United States, but
a conquered country, undermilitary government.
The convention of delegates to frame a constitu-
tion was called not by any legal or any duly au-
thorized body, but by. order of the military gov-
ernor. And under such circumstances it became
an indispensable necessity, that a constitution,
so framed, should be ratified by the people, in or-
der to impart validity to it. Congress could not
otherwise be expected to entertain their applica-
tion for admission.
In the case of Kansas, also, it must be observed,
that so far from the convention being instructed
by the Legislature to submit the constitution
they might frame to the people for their sane- !
tion, the very reverse may fairly be inferred from :
the fact that the act " to provide for the election
of delegates to the convention" was vetoed by
Governor Geary, because, as he says in his mes-
sage returning the bill," it failed to make any pro-
vision to submit the constitution, when framed,
to the consideration of the people for their ratifi-
cation or rejection." And yet, sir, the act was
passed over this veto, by a two-third vote. Cer-
tainly then, after this expression of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas, and the long line of precedents
to which it might refer, the convention might !
fairly consider itself justified in submitting or not ;
submitting the constitution to the people, as in ;
its judgment at the time might be considered most
expedient. From these facts is not, 1 ask, the
inference plain and irresistible, that when the
people, speaking through their representatives,
desire such a submission, they provide for it,and
that when they do not provide for it, a conven-
tion may consider it unnecessary for it to do what
the law which called it into being did not require
or expect it to do. It cannot be said in any case
where this was not required, that it was ail over-
sight. That would be doing great injustice to the
Legislatures of the States, and to the learned men
who participated in the formation of their several
constitutions.
Again, sir, I will ask the attention of the Sen-
ate to the "joint resolutions of Congress for an-
nexing Texas to the United States," approved
March 1, 1845, for the purpose of showing the
opinion entertained by that body of this question
of submission. This "joint resolution" declares
that—
" Congress doth consent thru the teiritory properly in-
cluded within, and riglitfuil) belonging lo, the Republic of
Texas, may be erected into a new Suit*, to be culled the
State ot Texas, with a i epubhean form of government, to be
adopted by the people of said Republic/ by deputies m con-
vention assembled,' with the consent of the exiling gov-
ernment, in order that the same may be admitted as one of
the States of this Union."
Not one word is here said about submission
to the people, notwithstanding there was at that
time probably as much difference of opinion, on
some subjects, in that Republic, as now exists in
Kansas on others.
Again: in the resolution providing for the ad-
mission of the State of Missouri, " on a certain
condition,"approved March 2,1821, such a sub-
mission was not deemed necessary. This condi-
tion was accepted, not by the people of Missouri,
but by the Legislature of the State, by a solemn
public act, declaring the assent of this State to the
"fundamental condition contained in the resolu-
tion of Congress," and approved June 26, 1821.
This act of the Legislature, accepting the " fun-
damental condition," which then became a part
of the constitution of the State, was deemed an
acceptance by the State; and the President of the
United States, on the lOili of August, 1821, issued
liis proclamation, declaring the admission of Mis-
souri complete, according to law, and it became
one of the States of the Union.
We have,pow seen that an equal number of the
States of the Union, the Congress of the United
States, and the President, Mr. Monroe, have not
regarded submission of a constitution to the peo-
ple for their approval, as necessary to give it
validity. Let me now ask attention to the action
of the territorial committee of this body and the
Senate on this very question. The distinguished
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] on the 25th
of June, 1856, submitted to the Senate a bill for
the admission of Kansas as a State; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories, of which
the distinguished Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] was chairman. The third section of this
bill contained the following provision:
"That the proposition* be,and the same a>e hereby, of-
fered to the said convention of tiie people of Kansas, when
formed, for their tree acceptance or rejection ; which, if ac-
cepted by the convention, and ratified by the people at the
election for the adoption of the constitution, shall be obliga-
tory upon the United States and the said State of Kansa>."
But, sir, when this bill, known as the "Toombs !
bill," was reported back to the Senate, the words I
" and ratified, by the people at the election for the j
\ adoption of the constitution," were stricken out, ■
: and the bill as amended passed the Senate, every
' Democratic member present voting for it exccpt ^
| one. j
i And, Mr. President, in view of these facts, may <t
' I not say that, if the convention of Kansas did
err in the respect of not submitting their whole
constitution for popular approval, it has, never-
i theless, done more to propitiate the spirit of pop-
ular sovereignty, by submitting an important pro-
vision in it, than fourteen States of the Union,
whose constitutions, in whole or in part, have
never received, by vote, the sanction of the peo- j
pie; and 1 submit that its rejection on that account !
at this day would be most cruel and unjust. i
If misguided men in Kansas neglected the op- '
portunity presented by such a submission to ex-
hibit their majority,and, by their refusing to vote, i
gave an easy victory to their opponents, (by which
an obnoxious provision in the constitution has j
j been retained in it, which they might have strick- i
j en out,) they have no one to complain of but J
themselves, and the bad advisers who directed
and controlled their action.
The Territorial Legislature afforded them, in
| the first instance, an opportunity, if they were a
I majority, as they claim to be, to elect delegates,
j who would have represented their views, not only
I on the slavery, but on all other questions in the
' convention; and the convention afterwards gave
: these an opportunity of striking from the consti-
1 tution it had framed the only provision on which
any difference of opinion existed in theTerritory;
yet, neglecting both opportunities, these men, or
rather this party, now complain of injustice and
wrong having been done them in the formation
and adoption of the constitution, and insist upon
its rejection. Appearing upoo the record, in all
the votes cast for delegates to the convention, and
afterwards in the vote on the constitution, as a
minority, they still insist that they are a large ma-
jority of the people of the Territory, and have
been defrauded of their rights by a small minority.
And, sir, if it be true that the free-State party,
as it is called, with a majority of three to one, as
compared to the so-called pro-slavery party, suf-
fered itself to be oppressed, wronged, and down-
trodden by so small a minority, they, sir, are not
entitled to our sympathy for their sufferings,but,
on the contrary, deserve our contempt for their
cowardice and imbecility. They claim to be a
large majority, and it may bo true; but there is no
evidence of it in any election returns with which
Congress can have any concern. They refuse to
give the proof of this in the only way in which it
can be given—by their votes—and then modestly
ask us to take their word for it that they are a very
large majority, and that the constitution framed
at Lecompton is not in accordance with their will.
In the election for delegates to the convention,
and the vote on the slavery clause of the consti-
tution, the majority was very large against this
party. No doubt it was so very large because in
a factious spirit, they refused to vote on these oc-
casions. But this was their own act, and they
have no right to ask Congress to give them relief
from the conscquences of their own misconduct,
by setting aside the elections in which they re-
fused to participate. Congress can only judge of
the result of an election by votes delivered, and
not by votes withheld.
In this case, it seems to me that the only ques-
tions which Congress can properly consider (with
reference to its admission) are not, whether every
man in the Territory voted or not, nor into every
irregularity which occurred in the elections; nor
whether more frauds were committed by one party
or the other party in the Territory, in their local
elections. With these things Congress has noth-
ing to do. But they may inquire into the legality
of the body which framed the constitution, and
as to the vote by which the constitution, or that
part submitted to the people, was adopted. And
in regard to the legality of the one, and the fair-
ness of the other, there ought to be no dispute.
The Territorial Legislature, elected by the
peoole, recognized by Congress, by the President
and'late President of the United States, by all the
Governors of the Territory, including Governor
Walker, wore fully authorized in assembling a con-
vention to frame a constitution, preparatory to its
applicationforadmissionasaState into theUnion.
The sense-of the people of the Territory had been
taken as to whether they desired to be admitted
into the Union, and a large majority were in favor
of it. The Territorial Legislature then, in con-
formity with their wishes thus expressed, passed
an act providing for the election of delegates to a
convention to frame a constitution. The legal-
ity of this act is fully maintained by Governor
Walker. He says:
"The Teiritonal Legislature, then, in assembling this
convention, vvcio fully sustained by the act of Congress;
and the uuthouty of the convention is distinctly recognized
in my instruction^ fiom the President of the United States.
Those who oppose this course cannot aver the alleged irreg-
ularirv of the Territorial Legu-l.uuie, whose lawt-Ziii town
and city elections, in corporate franchi^e^, and on all other
subject"* but slavery, they acknowledge by their votes and
acquiescence. Ii that Legislatuie was invalid, then arc we
without law or order m Kansas; without town, city, or
county oigamza'ton ; ail le<4a! and judicial trar^actions are
void ; all titles null; and anarchyreigns throughout our bor-
deis."
The whole people are then invited and urged
to vote for their delegates.
Mr.Stanton,inhisaddress of the 17th of April,
1857,says:
'•The Government especially recognizes the territorial
act which provides for assembling a convention to frame a
constitution, with a view to makms application to Congress
for admission us a State into the Union. That act is re-
gatded as presenting the only test of the qualification of
votes for delegates to the convention, and all preceding re-
pugnant restrictions are thereby repealed. In this light the
act must be allowed to have provided for a full and fair
expression of the will of the people through the delegates who
may be chosen to represent them in the constitutional con-
vention."
And Governor Walker, on the 27th of May, in
his inaugural address, says:
'■ The people of Kansas, then, are invited by the highest
autliouty known to the Constitution, to paiticipate freely,
and iUnly, m the election of delegates to frame a constitu-
tion and State government."
And in the same address he warns them of the
consequences which may result from their refusal
to exercise the right of suffrage. He says:
" You should not console yourself with the reflection that
you may, by a subsequent vote, defeat the ratification of the
constitution." * * y " Why incur the hazard of the pielim-
mary foimation of a constitution, by a minority, as alleged by
you, when a majority, by their own votes, could control the
training of that instrument."
But notwithstanding these invitations, appeals,
and solemn warnings, a portion claiming to be a
majority of the people refused to take part in the
election, and thus suffered a minority to elect their
delegates and frame a constitution in accordance
with their own views.
The convention of delegates then, thus fairly
elected, met and framed a constitution; and among
its provisions is to be found one recognizing the in-
stitution of domestic slavery within the State. All
the disturbances in Kansas, from the establishment
of the territorial government, had their origin in
this distracting and dangerous subject; and as it
was a provision of paramount importance, the con-
vention submitted it to the people for them to de-
termine whether it should be retained in the con-
stitution or stricken out. The question was thus
ordered by the convention to be submitted to the
people to be decided by their votes: <£ constitution
with slavery, "or" constitution without slavery."
At the time and places ordered, polls were opened
and the votes were received on this single ques-
tion.
The conventionwas not bound, as I have before
stated, by the act of the Territorial Legislature to
submit the whole or any part of the constitution
for ratification; but they did submit that part of
it which related to this question, and the factious
and revolutionary party, in like manner as they
refused to vote for delegates to the convention,
refused to vote upon this submission. It was ac-
cordingly retained, and is now a part of the or-
ganic law of Kansas as presented to Congress.
