2034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
May 10,
daring the title to land warrants in certain cases,
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move ?*> amend the sub-
stitute, by striking out " has,' in the sixth line,
and inserting " have,'* so as to make it grammat-
ical.
Mr. COBB. I call the previous question on the
bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not want to
make a speech upon this bill, but I want some in-
formation regarding it,
Mr. COBB. What is the pleasure of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to know
what becomes of a certain description of war-
rants. -This bill, as I understand it, provides that
where the application has been made and the right
established, but the applicant dies befoi c the war-
rant is issued, the warrant shall be issued to the
heirs.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama moved the previous question, but rose and
propounded a question to the gentleman from Ten- 1
nessee, whieh the Chair regarded as a waiver of;
the demand. Does the gentleman from Alabama (
withdraw the demand for the previous question ?  
Mr, COBB. No, sir, I do not. I am willing- t
to give any gentleman any information in my ,
power. I thought the bill was plain enough, and
that everybody could understand it.
The bill and the substitute were again read.
Mr. REAGAN. As I understand this biii, it
proposes to take this matter from under the juris-
diction of the' probate courts, and until I under- :
stand something about that, I shall object to it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is notin order, pend-
ing the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. Clemens's amendment to the substitute '
was adopted.
The substitute, as amended, was then adopted. :
The question recurred upon ordering the bill, as j;
amended, to be engrossed, and read a third time.
Mr. REAGAN. 1 desire to call the yeas and
.nays on the passage of the bill. It changes the j
law of the land. !
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I desire to ask the ]
gentleman from New York if this bill is retro- ;■
spective in its operation :
Mr. KELSEY, Itapplies to warrants already
issued and hereafter to be issued.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. That is right.
Mr. STANTON. I wish the gentleman from
New York would amend, by striking out the
word " heirs"and inserting the word "children."
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported by the
Committee on Public Lands, and the gentleman
from New York has no right to accept an amend- 1
mem.
The bill, as amended, was ordered- to be en- ;
grossed and read a third time;and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr, COBB. I ask the previous question on the |
passage of the bill. ;
Mr. REAGAN demanded the yeas and nays !
on the passage of the bill. . j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish the gentle- '
man from Alabama would withdraw the demand ,
for the previous question for a moment. I think i
this.bill does not accomplish the purpose the
House has in view. * ;
Mr. COBB. I cannot.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill certainly 1
does not cover the cases of land warrants already !
issued, where the applicants died before they were
issued. i
Mr, COBB. If the gentleman is satisfied that
it does not, it ought to be amended; but it was j
the opinion of the Committee on Public Lands !
that it does cover the cases referred to by the gen- j
tXemaa from Tennessee. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala- <
bama cannot debate the bill pending the demand :
for tbejprevious question. !
Mr, COBB. If the Chair will listen to me for i
two minutesj I will show  I
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no right to j
'listen-to the gentleman from Alabama pending the |
demand for the previous question, when objec- ■
Jtio'ns are made to debate.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Alabama was !
going to withdraw the caii for the previous ques- ;
tion if the Chair would have given him twoimn-
utos to state the reason.
The SPEAKER, if the gentleman had with-
drawn his demand for the previous qutstion be-
fore commencing to make his speech, he would
have been m order.
Mr.COBB. lam not going to make any speech.
I insist on my demand for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and re ul a third time. Now, sir, I de-
sire to sav a word in reference to this bill.
Tne SPEAKER. The previous question is
pending
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I thought the pre-
vious question had been exhausted.
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
demand" d on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman from Tennessee
thinks the bill does not accomplish the purpose
for which it was intended, I have no objection to
his offering an amendment; and perhaps it will be
agreed to by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. COBB. I will withdraw the demand.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I may be mistaken
in my construction of th;s bill, but 1 think it does
not accomplish the pus pose for which it was in-
tends d. it prov.acs that when proof ha*; been, or
shall hereafter be filed in the Pension Otfice dur-
ing tne lifetime of the claimant, e&tablnshing to the
satisfaction of thatofnee hisorher right to awar-
rant for military service; and where such warrant
shall not have been, or may not hereafter, be is-
sued until after the death of the claimant, the title
to such warrant shall vest in the widow, &c.
This makes provision where the warrant shall
not have issued before the death of the applicant;
hut suppose it shall have, issued, then the warrant
does not, as I understand it, vest in the children
or heirs of the deceased applicants. A claimant
presents his application at the Department; it re-
mains on file perhaps for twelve months. It then
issues; but, before the date which the warrant
bears, the claimant dies. Now, as I understand
it, this bill does not dispose of that class of cases.
The warrant does not vest in the children or heirs
of the claimant, as I understand it. Some of the
warrants of this class which have been heretofore
issued, are in the hands of the children. Some
of this class of warrants have been sent tome;
and I, having information of the death of the ap-
plicants before the date of the warrant, have le-
turned them to the Pension Office, where, I pre-
sume, they have been canceled. Other warrants
which have issued after the death of the appli-
cants are, as I have said, still in the hands of the
children. This bill does not, as I understand it,
cover that class of cases. It says, " if they have
not, or shall not be issued," they shall vest in
the heirs of those to whom they weie issued: but
those warrants that have been issued are not pro-
vided for.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to call the attention
of the House to another provision of this bill. I
am not opposed to the object of the bill, but in
its present shape it does not accomplish tiie object
for which it was intende'd. Theie is another sec-
tion here which, I think, is inconsistent with the
law, and which, instead of giving value to these
warrants, will make their value still more uncer-
tain. It seems to me that upon a measure like
this, the effect of which is to change the laws of
the country, the House might afford to give it a
day's consideration. If other provisions are to be
made, I think they should be so framed as to
make the law more intelligible, and tend to fix the
value of these warrants in the market.
The bill, as it now stands, provides that when
proof has been, or shall hereafter be, filed in the
Pension Officeduring the lifetime of the claimant,
establishing, to the satisfaction of that office, his
or her right to a warrant for military service; and
where such warrant shall not have been, or may
not hereafter be, issued until after the death of
the claimant, the title to such warrant shall pass
—and here I call the attention of the House partic-
ularly to this provision—shall vest in thewidow,
if there be one, and if there be no widow living,
then it shall pass to the legal heirs of the warrantee;
and that said warrants,and all other warrants is-
sued pursuant to existing laws, shall be treated
! as personal chain Is, aud may be conveyed by a.M-
' si^nnent by miWi widow or heirs, or by the legal
reptesentaUves of (lie deceased.
Now, Mr Speaker, there us an inconsistency
in tins provision whu.h \\ ill embarrass the yaie of
these w-u rants. I have no objection to its pa«-
: sa^e if it be put into a tamph* ehup<>, either l>y
saying that these land warrants under thi>se cw -
cumstances shall iio to the widow, and if there be
no widow,to thele<:«i! representatives,orelsc take
it from the legal representatives and not leave it
in the confusion in which such a section as diss
would seem to leave it. I am not opposed to the
measure. I am very willing, where there is a
land warrant authorized to be issued or where it
I is issued in the name of the person before, but not,
• received before his death, that there shall bu e\ cry
facility given by the law for us tiansfer to thos*c
; to whom the law would like to have it go, or in
such manner as to make it most available for the
purpose of sale or location.
[ Mr. COBB. If the gentleman will permit me,
' I will make a word of explanation. The Com-
i mittce on Public Lands has had the subject be-
. fore them for investigation,and they investigated
■; it carefully. After this bill was matured by the
committee, I took it to the Commissioner of the
- General Land Office. He examined it thoroughly,
and seemed to think that it answered the purpose
intended. The bill says that the warrant may be
transferred by the widow, or the heirs, or the legal
representatives, administrators, and executors,as
you please. The object of the comraiit-'o was to
avoid complication in the matter. If there was a
widow, it v as intended she should have power to
, transfer the warrant; but if no widow, that thct
power should descend, with the warrant, to the
! heirs of age, so as to provide against the necessity
of having an administrator to transfer it. In case
the heirs should be minors, then it was provided
that the administrators should be empowered to
make a transfer of it. It is the opinion of the
Committee on Public Lands, and of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, that the meas-
ure avoids complication, and at the same time an-
swers all the purposes intended. If I have the
' floor, I call for the previous question.
! Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman wiil
withdraw that call for a moment. I would like
to say a word.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw it for the gentleman,
if he will renew it.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I have one
word to say in relation to another provision of this
; bill, which strikes me as a departure from the
: whole spirit of the Government m granting bounty
lands. I think that this is the first bill in whieh
j bounty lands have been so limited as to go to the
: heirs general, and become assets m the hands of
' the administrators. If I understand the policy
' of the Government, it has been to the effect that
j this is a personal grant for the benefit of the sol-
j dier, his widow, or his children, and is not in-
| tended for the benefit of his creditors. It is not
■ intended that it shall be assets in the hands of his
, administrators to go in the course of distribution
1 to the creditors or collateral heirs.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If I understand
; this bill, its object simply is to put these warrants,
| which may be issued, or have been issued, before
the decease of the party, upon the same footing
■ they would have held if the party had been living.
' If a warrantee has a warrant issued in his life-
j time, he can sell or dispose of it as he pleases.
I Mr. STANTON. I understand this bill to do
I something else. I understand when the warrant
j issues, after the death of the party who is entitled
J to it, after the proofs are completed, and before
| it is delivered tothegeneral heirs, thatit becemes
i assets in the hands of the administrators, and may
j be distributed to the creditors. It cannot beothei-
j wise, because it provides that it shall go to his
| heirs general, and whatever descends, whatever
| personal property descends from the intestate to
| the heirs general, becomes assets, subject to the
! payment of his debts. That never has been the
: law heretofore. Undoubtedly it has been the law
that a soldier could assign or sell his warrant, so
: that it would inure for his individual advantage;
but it has never been the law that it shall go to
! his general creditors, and I object to that portion
, of the bill which makes these warrants go, on the
; death of the party, to his general creditors, and not
to the widow or his children.
