MB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
of the same kind. If the privilege extend all round
the House 1 will not object.
Mr. BLISS. I have been trying for several days
past to get the floor for the same purpose.
Mr. PHELPS. Well, then, I hope a few min-
utes will be allowed for the purpose of introduc-
ing bills.
Mr. HARLAN. I object to all this favoritism.
Mr. EDIE. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
PRINTING OP DOCUMENTS.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Delaware, I desire to
submit a motion to have printed, for the use of
the House, reports of the balances of appropria-
tions on the 92d of January, 1858, for the several
Executive Departments.
The motion was agreed to.
PROPOSITIONS FOR CALL OP STATES, ETC.
Mr. KINGSBURY. I ask to have taken from
the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 82, that it may
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Objection was made.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no objection to gen-
tlemen offering resolutions and bills if there be an
understanding that ail shall have an opportunity
of doing the same.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask that consent may be
given to the submitting of this proposition to the
House, that half an hour be set apart for the call-
ing of States for the introduction of bills for ref-
erence.
Mr. BLISS. Say for bills or resolutions.
Mr. PHELPS. There is some objection made
to the introduction of resolutions.
Mr. GROW. Then I shall object to the intro-
duction of bills.
Mr. PHELPS. I will modify my proposition.
I propose that half an hour shall be set apart for
the introduction of bills for reference, and of res-
olutions to which no objection shall be made.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. Extend the time,
so that all the States may be called. Half an hour
may not be sufficient.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to make a sug-
gestion to my friend. I ask him to make another
limitation—that bills are not to be brought back
here on motions to reconsider.
Mr. PHELPS. I am very willing to do that.
Mr. SEWARD. I entirely object to any ar-
rangement of that sort. Let us progress regularly
with the business.
EFFICIENCY OP THE NAVY.
Mr. WHITELEY. In rising to express my
views on this resolution, I wish simply to state
my reasons for voting for it, and for entering my
protest against the original bill, establishing the
naval board, passed in February, 1855. The prop-
osition now before the House, coming from the
Senate, is a simple one. On the 28th of February,
1855, the bill establishing what is generally called
the naval board was passed, and under its decis-
ions, some two hundred naval officers were dis-
placed, and, I should call it, disgraced. Finding
themselves thus disgraced and disrated; deprived
of rank and position, they came back, asking the
last Congress to do that little act of justice that
was left to them: to give them naval courts of in-
quiry, before which they could go and state their
cases, and see if they could not procure justice
from men who were promoted over their heads;
and could not convict this first board of an act of
injustice toward them.
Congress passed such an actori the 16th of Jan-
uary, 1857, and under its operation one hundred
and eight officers went before the court; and out
of that number, the court was compelled, by the
record and by the evidence which these disgraced
officers brought before it, to replace some sixty-
seven. This resolution asks that the balance of
these officers—from sixty-seven to one hundred
and eight—whom'this court decided to be unfit,
either mentally, physically, or professionally, for
the naval service, should be allowed to go before
the President, and that the President should say,
not as the executive, but as the judicial officer,
revising the records of this court, whether any of
these forty-odd ofHcers should be renominated to
the Senate for their old rank and position in the
Navy. That is the proposition before this House,
a  passed by the Senate.
I could haye much to say against this original
bill, but I do not consider it either important or
pertinent to the question before us. The deed is
done, and its effect is stamped upon the Navy and
upon the country. All this resolution asks, is
that we shall remedy the injustice of that act as
far as we can.
There was a remark made by the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Davis] yesterday, which I
regretted that he made. It was that the object of
the act of 1855 was to purge the Navy of rotten
material. Mr. Speaker, if the material of which
the Navy was at that time purged was rotten,
God defend the country from the sound material
of the American Navy.
Is the gentleman willing to stigmatize such
men as Stewart and Bartlett, Morris, Gilliss,and
others, whose heads have been stricken off by
that iniquitous act, as rotten material ? Men who
first made, and then defended, the Navy ? Men
who have shed glory on the Navy by their prac-
tical, as well as their scientific, seamanship—men
who have given reputation to our Navy in every
land and upon every sea, rotten material? Why,
sir, who were the sound material in the war of
1812-15? If they are to be called by the gentleman
from Maryland rotten material, then the whole
thing is rotten, and the sooner we break up the
Navy the better. If these men are rotten mate-
rial, then I call upon the gentleman from Mary-
land to answer me this question: why did not
this secret board—this board which covered up its
acts with the dark cloud of silence—keep a record,
and let us know in what the rottenness of these
officers consists? The gentleman says it was not
the faul* of the board; it was the fault of the Sec-
retary of the Navy that he did not give them
instructions to keep a record. I differ with the
gentleman from Maryland in that opinion. It
may be so; I have not read the instructions of the
Secretary of the Navy. It may be that he never
ordered them to keep a record. But if he did not,
I ask this House why these men, when they were
sitting as judges, nay, when they were sittingas
so many attorneys general and judges-advocate,
when they were to put out of their places their
fellow-officers, why is it that they did not keep a
record, even if it was not ordered by the Secretary
of the Navy? They owed it to themselves as
judges; they owed it to themselves as officers;
they owed it to themselves as men, to give the
world the reasons on which they acted.
Now, Mr. Speaker, so much for that branch
of the subject. This Senate resolution is merely,
in my opinion, a confirmation of the power which
the President possesses. I hold that the Presi-
dent, after the passage of this resolution, has the
constitutional power and the legal right to inspect
these records, and nominate to the Senate any
officer whom he may think has been unjustly dealt
with by these courts of inquiry. But as a mat-
ter of assurance, to make the matter perfectly sure,
it is desirable that this resolution should be passed
so that there should be no doubt as to the power
of the President.
Now, sir, another reason: I call the attention
of the House to the fact that the men composing
the courts of inquiry under the act of the last Con-
gress, were, 1 believe, all of them, men who had
been promoted in consequence of the action of the
first board. Sir, I have no complaint to make
against ihese men; I have no charge to make
against them; I believe, not knowing them person-
ally, that they were men of honor. But believing
tins fact, I know this further fact, that they were hu-
man beings, and the epaulets on their shoulders and
the miliLary coats on their backs did not prevent
their feelings as human beings from operating upon
them. They were acting upon the cases of those
who, if replaced in office, would affect themselves
in their chances for promotion; and I know that
such considerations v/ill have their effect upon
men whether in military or civil life. And it is
upon this principle alone that I can account for the
strange and curious findings of these courts of
inquiry to which I shall call the attention of the
House.
The law of 1857 said that these courts should
investigate the physical, mental, professional,
and moral fitness of these officers for the naval
service, who having been dropped, retired, or
furloughed, under the act of 1855, should choose
to claim a trial. Now sir, let me refer to the
findings of that board in one case just to convince
the House of the strangeness of these judgments.
I do not give the names because, although this
paper has been printed, it. has not been made
public: „
1 That the said Captain is morally ami profes-
sionally tit Air the naval service.
"9. That the evidence slimvs no unfitness fiurn a want
of bodilv health or strength.
<• 3. That his mental and physical temperament is shown
to be of sach a character as to unlit him for active seivmc
iii Ins present rank."
Now, what strikes me as peculiar in this third
clause, and the one which ostracised the officer,
is that his mental and physical temperament un-
fitted him not for theNavy, but for his rank in the
Navy.
He is sane enough to be a midshipman. He
is sane enough to be a lieutenant, or commander,
but his mental temperament unfits him from hold-
ing the rank of captain. He stood in some one's
way, and must therefore be displaced.
I I want the gentleman from Maryland, or any-
! body else, to justify such a finding upon law,
l equity, or common sense. I can understand the
expression mental or physical temperament, but
taken in connection with the subsequent portion
of the finding, I confe&s it is beyond my compre-
j hension. They say that he is professionally fit,
but his mental temperament unfits him. They
1 say that he is morally and professionally fit for
the naval service. Well, sir, does not that give
the contradiction to the third finding, that his
; mental temperament disqualifies him ? I defy any
man in reason to say that I am professionally fit
I in whatever is my business, and then that my
! mental temperament makes me unfit. There is
a contradiction in terms. The second finding is,
: that the evidence shows no unfitness for a want
of bodily health or strength. Does not that give
j a contradiction to the third finding, that his phys-
j ical temperament disqualifies him ? I want this
| finding dispassionately considered. Will gentle-
j men tell me that this is nota case where the Presi-
j dent ought not to have taken up the ridiculous
i! verdict to which I have referred, set it aside, and
j sent this man's name to the Senate to be recom-
missioned in his rank, from which he has been
' thus rudely and wrongfully dismissed > Just think
| of a board of captains of the Navy, who may mi-
i derstand the temper of iron, turning themselves
into mental philosophers, to decide on the mental
and physical temperament of their fellow-officers !
, I would as lief refer to them such a question for
| decision, as to refer to jack-tars of the forecastle
i a question of theology. Think of this board, after
having declared a man professionally fit, being
; driven to the miserable subterfuge of saying that
; his mental temperamentunfits him. This involves
1 j a study of abstract questions of philosophy which
I say without disrespect to any one, very few of
the officers of our Navy are competent to decide.
There is no reflection intended upon their educa-
tion; but, sir, it is beyond denial that the finding
of the board I have alluded to involves flat con-
tradictions in terms.
Another case is that of a passed midshipman.
The charge against him was, that ho was un-
healthy, physically unfit. The court found him
physically unfit, because he had been previously
in ill health; and that, too, when the certificate of
a board of surgeons had been laid before it that
his health had been entirely restored. He had
been in ill health at one time; and, in 1857, this
court decided that this man was physically inca-
pable for the naval service of the country, although
it had, staring it in the face, the certificate of phy-
sicians that his health had been perfectly restored.
Who, under the canopy of heaven, could wish
such a verdict to stand ; Is not that such a case
where the President ought to interfere ?
1 must hurry over these cases. There are many
of them, and would cousume three days in re-
ferring to them. The strangest case is the one to
which I shall call the attention of the lawyers of
this House. It is the case of a lieutenant whom
the court certified one day that he was morally,
mentally, and physically fit for the naval service,
and directed the verdict to be entered by the judge-
advocate; and yet, the next day, without any ac-
tion of the President, the supervising power, came
in and moved a reconsideration, and declared that
he was unfit. Is not that a case wheie the Pres-
ident ought to interfere? Was not that court
"functus officio" so far as this man was con-
cerned, the moment they directed their clerk to
enter a verdict upon their proceedings ? I put it
