1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8050
convention there iias taken one course or another,
are, in my judgment, matters not comparable to
the questions involved in the resolutions which
are properly before the Senate; and I regret ex-
ceedingly that during the discussion of resolu-
tions which, within a few weeks past, have caused
general excitement throughout the country, con-
nected with great public interests, the honorable
Senator from Illinois should have thought it ne-
cessary to interpose with the local difficulties in
his own State; unless, indeed, we are to suppose
that such things are of more importance than
great questions of public interest which involve
the rights of American citizens as against the ag-
gressions of a foreign Power. I do not so deem
them, and have, therefore, no comments to make
on them, except to express my regret that they
have been introduced into the debate on these res-
olutions, and I shall endeavor to do, very briefly,
what it was my object to do, and but for which I
should not have detained the Senate at this period
of its session, even in reference to the resolutions
before it.
These resolutions relate to acts of practical
aggression by the Government of Great Britain,
which have caused intense excitement throughout
the country within the last month. It is true we
have rumors now that the British officers have
been acting under old orders; that the practical
exertion of the right of search will be denied or
disavowed by Gieat Britain; but the question still
remains a grave one; and the reason why I have
been induced to notice it is, that there is one Amer-
ican authority of nigh grade whieh countenances
the doctrine of Great Britain in reference to the
right of visit; and yet that American author is
unsustainable in principle, and by the very au-
thorities that are cittd to sustain it. T allude to the
treatise of Chancellor Kent;and butforthe weight
of character of that learned author, and the tact
that what he says has been quoted and relied upon
by the partisans of Great Britain, I should not
ha\e deemed it ivy duty to take any part in this
matter other than ty vote for the resolutions of the
Committee on foreign Relations.
Sir, the right of visitation and the right of
search, as they are treated in all books on the law
of nations, were never doubted to be one and the
same thing, though the practical exercise of the
light might be greatermone case than the other.
Boih are dependent upon the same principle, and
were regarded as one until Great Britain attempted
a distinction in the year 1641, through a commu-
nication made by Lotd Aberdeen, I do not par-
pose at all to enter at lame into the discussion of
the question. I say shut down to vhat time, they
were always treated in ail writers on the laws of
nations as belligerent lights,a,id belhgireiitrighu
alone, and the ptiueiple upon which they are
bastd proves beyond contrn\ersy that they must
exist in that mode alone The doctiiiie is, tlait all
nations are equal; that the high seas beimig to all
beyond that part Inch is appropriated by and is
con '.dei-f d as wn hill the jurisdiction oi the respect-
ive States, heii]£ within eaituon shot or shore, or
beiwet n ]a\ss oi'hiud. Tin' high seas belonging
to all nations, anil a!! nations being equal, the
gem r&l prineiplt is that no nation has u light to
interrupt or molest vessels l« hinging to at.otht i
nation, but tlit liagcom-'itutes the lemional right
on ;he high seas uf eveiy nation so tar as to mo-
I,, i' vessels from every speeies of molestahon
\vli;e''vcr. The exocinion is, that during wr.r,
grounded on si'lf-defense, the belligerent has tne
ruT'i lo \i«,i:\non and search for that purpose
alone, am! the i^ason is obvious: being at wai.it
the !., lii^.'ient bad not the i ight to question the
tla^ wie-n it Hoated over (he vessi 1, the resui!
might l:e, 11 nit tin- e.iemy's vess< I, by hoisting the
fla^ of a neuti a], could eni ireiy evade tin- viguanee
of c nil set s, and mil 'el ih ni t da lions on com mere.
That justifies ihe unlit of visitation, in order to
st"-' if the parsers eoi respond w nh the dag, I hat
is \ iMt, oi \ Hon.
But On y lia \ e a ri^ht to go lurt her: they have the
right, inu'amii h asiroods ( ontrabanil ot war tound
on boaid I'iit iiettti.vl aie hable to confiscation, to
si nri'ii in ouii-r to a^ei rtain if tin it' is any property
of thai kind tlnuv. Tlml is admitted !>yall nations:
but it is admitted on!y as a ught o! war. In tune ot
peae.' tin ie is no |ustifi('a:ion for any such usht,
and it is very evident that the moment you aumit
the right of molestation, the light of impeding a
veasil evil by detention, to make her lie to n-r
the purpose of being boarded to see-whether her
papers correspond with her flag, that moment you
give a practical power to the nation which has the
greatest maritime force to destroy the commerce
of any other nation by abusing the right, leaving
to the citizens of that nation the mere resource of
going to their Government in individual cases to
claim redress. The general effect would be the
same; the commerce of the nation would be de-
stroyed. it is on that ground that the American
people and the American Government, following
out the law of nations, which contains no possi-
ble sanction to any such doctrine, and which never .
was heard of until 1841, have denied the right of
any nation, in time of peace, to visit or to search '
their vessels. The flag constitutes the protection.
If the vessel is not American, but a pirate, then the
cruiser, be she who she may, that undertakes to
visit or capture her, has the right do it, but does it i
atherperil. There is no right in the matter. If it
turns out that she is a pirate, of course, under the !j
law of nations, a pirate may be captured by any- jj
body, and the crew may be condemned by the Ij
courts of any country and hung; because, being :i
Iwstcs humanigeneris, they have no right to protec-
tion. But, under the pretext of its being a pirate, or
under the pretext that it is engaged in the slave
trade orany other unlawful trade, by the laws of
their own country, though not touched by the law
of nations, if you permit a foreign nation to exe-
cute your laws for you by molesting, even by com-
pelling your vessels to lie to for the purpose of
visit to see what their papers arc—if you per,mit
that, you give up the control of your commerce,
and the power to protect it in any quarter of the
globe, to the nation to whom you yield such a
right. The Americans have always resisted it;
and Chancellor Kent, in his lifetime, in the first
four editions of his celebrated Commentaries,
maintained this doctrine, and, m fact, in every
edition the text maintains it. It will be found in
the first volume, page 153:
"III order to enfoice the rights of belligerent nations
agamic the dehnqumeie? of neutrals, and to a-secrtain the
real as well as a-^umed character ot all vessels on the high
seas, the Iawofnation armsthem with the piaetical power
of visitation and search. The duty or' self preservation gives
to belligerent nations this right. It ia- founded upon nece^-
s-m\ and is strictly and exclusively a war ri«ht. and does not
rightluiiy exist in time of peace, unless conceded by treaty."
So much for the text. The authorities cited
are the Le Louis, decided by Lord Stowell, in 2
Dodson: the Antelope, in 10 Wheaton. Then ji
comes the note. I may remark that this note never ||
appeared until the year 1844. The question arose
between the American and British Governments :j
in 1841, and I am sorry to say that either theap- ;j
proach of advancing age, or some other cause, h
which it is probably vain to speculate about, in- ■
duced so eminent a man to lay down the position ■,
that is laid down in this note, and which cer- ii
tamly I can show is directly at war with the au- !
thorities that he cites to sustain it. I will read jj
the note: \\
"The British Faihament. bvstatute,m August, 1839, in
order more effeeuialh to suppiesstne slave trade, and e-*- ij
penally a? against Po*t?ugal~a power that had grossly vio-
lated her tieaty with Cn land on that sublet—authorized <j
the [tower ol venation and seaich in time of peace. The j
British Government disclaim the right of senium time of j.
peace; but tnej claim, at all times, the rjgiit of : nit, in .
ordt-i to know wiK-fber a vessel protending. ior m-tance, to 1;
be Ammeun.uid hooting the Amencan flag. really u hat
-h" mhmij- to be. (L:im Xb^idecn's dispatch of Decfinbei, ,
]Kil.totiic Amenean Mnnstei, Mr. ^tcven^on.) Hut the ij
Government ot toe I nit;'d Mat"  do nut adtnir the distme- ^
uoii netween the mbt o; visitation and tii" right or ^eaion. ;■
Ttiev consider tiio differ* nee to lie one latin r oi definition 1
tiKui pimciple, and that u is not kuoun to the law ot na- ;
ttons. 'i'htM witi not au'.mr the exerei-e of the claim ot i
\u-if to be a', wmlc me P>Mtf-h Government conet des .■
taat it. in tne evrcis" oftne n.;i>t of vt-it to ascertain the
uemnnenes** of the jlaj wmeh a su?p?-etcd vr^e!
a'tv iii|iuj ensues. ptunipt ie; aiatton would be made i ae (
mutua! iI'fht of visitation and seasch, 1:1 reteir-nee to tie
slave uade. has even bei-n conee.;. u Is'the EuiopeanGov- ,
einuu-Wso! Austria. France. Gicot Entam, Fiu>sia. and
Ka—uu o ho w'h- p.utu - to tne qu.su'ipl" -t.t i.on- ,
dou..> r or!Plvr. Itll (See Mi W- n-;ei's ui-natch. as
Anient',in Hpeietanofijfate.to Mi V.\. retu the American
Miri^e; at *Ir>. n 2-, k i- 1 1 noaty
vu^eqjit nCv satibed b> <i"i Uie eO":r,< mgpaities exotp
1- v. no ntuaine't hound oui\ t;^ a resiren\e ngnt
oi ui.uet tu0 cwi.venii.'i^ oi itill aua 1^33
Now comes the objrptionaLlo pissa^e:
it it >'i of sin;!- «t -ea ) a hsntn-li o'*
m <.-t tae(. ed In i-e' ,
udu.g t'it<-e Oi tile I t.l'ej
•cuaeter o: a \ ! i--u.-p"eteJ.
J Mr t'*e cote p-nptH" a eer
r I-' rne i > •- -<'1 ^ahin^ ur.aer
- w l.oih dift-ner tr. in tiw
pae
The inter w-
of--l:-deten^e.lt'iu i-.
>. v.'>-eis ot nil no i 'n
i«.s. w in ii the pirati'
TJio J'uiit Oi \ i -it l- • oi
t.t.una: 'he r n\ n.-noMalcbera.-
«n.d
right of search. It has been termed by-the Supreme Court
of the United States the right of approach, for that purpose;
(the Marianna Flora, II Wheaton, I., 43?) and it is consid-
ered to bo well warranted by the principles of public law
and the usage of nations. "—.Byn/c.O. J., Pub. lib. i. c. 114.
S. P.
_ That is an express recognition, after stating the
distinction that Great Britain claims the right of
-visit; and it is said that it was recognized by the
Supreme Court of the United States in the case of
the Marianna Flora. The fact is just the con-
trary. The attempt to confuse what is called the
right of approach by the Supreme Court of the
United States, in the case of the Marianna Flora,
with the right of visit, is a positive absurdity,
come from what source it may. I will state the
substance of that case, and read a few extracts
from the opinion of the court, in order to show
that the learned commentator here has, I think
with grievous disadvantage to his own fame and
to the honor and interests of his country, suffered,
in the advance of life, such language to be im-
bodied in a book printed under his authority.
The facts in the case of the Marianna Flora were
these: in 1821 Commodore Stockton was a com-
mander in the American Navy; and while at sea,
he observed a vessel at some nine miles distance,
which had a signal raised in such a manner as
would ordinarily indicate distress. He approached
her, not for the purpose of visit, but on principles
of humanity, for the purpose of relief. This ves-
sel was a Portuguese vessel. When he approached
her within gunshot, she fired a gun ahead of him;
he immediately hoisted his colors; she had none
flying. He continued to approach, not for the
purpose of visit, but on account of the signal she
had indicated. The vessel commenced firing not
onlyaheadof him, but overhim; first, with grape-
shot, which fell short, and then with shot that
passed over him. Under these circumstances he
continued his approach with his flag flying, the
vessel still firing. He considered that it was war
made upon him, and that he would be justified in
resisting it, and that the vessel must be a pirate.
He accordingly went the proper distance, gave
her a broadside from his carronades, and she sur-
rendered; but, up to the time of her surrender,
she had no flag flying whatever. It turned out,
when he boarded her, that she claimed to be a
Portuguese vessel; and afterwards, when inquiry
was made, she was found to be a Portuguese ves-
sel, with a valuable cargo on board.
The case of this vessel had several aspects in
the Supreme Court. Commodore Stockton, in
consequence of the attack made on him when he
was approaching, not for any purpose of visit,
which attack he deemed an act of aggression, and
commencing war on the ocean, captured her and
sent her in. The court held that there was no
ground to send her in; but they also held that there
was ground to capture the vessel, because the first
fault was on her part, asshe had commenced war-
like aggression on an American ciuiser with a flag
flying, and, therefore, that forcc could be retorted
for forcc under these circumstances. But an ex-
amination of her cargo showed thnt she was not
engaged in any illicit or improper trade; she was
not a pirate, and therefore could not be con-
demned. The captors further claimed dam.ages
for having sent her in; the owners claimed dam-
ages for the capture. The court held that the cap-
ture was justifiable; though she was not liable to
condemnation, not being a pit ate; but they would
not give the damages in the case solely because
she hud bt< n the aggressor herself, and had com-
menced war upon the ocean, and so justified her
captiue, but it had no relation to the right of visit
at all. In the course of the decision, the Supreme
Court of the United States iuy down the doctrine
on the subject.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me
to say to him that there is great apprehension we
shall be left without a quorum?
Mr. BAYARD. 1 shall speak but a very few
minutes more.
Mi. TOOMBS. Do you not propose to leave
this evening yourself.'
Mr. BAVAUD Yes.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then you ought to allow us
to ret thiou^h business.
Mr. 1-AYARO. Of course then I must give
un the ftw remarks more (hat I wish to
mike Hiavenot introduced anyrtnng lrrele-
vant I have confined myself to the questions pre-
senutl m the resolutions, and I think it is very
