1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2035
Mr. KELSEY. As I understand this bill, it
limits tho power of the legal representatives to sell
and dispose of these land warrants for the benefit
of the heirs of the defeased, and solely for that
purpose, and they do not become general assets
in the hands of the administrators or executors.
Mr. STANTON It is a blind mode of legis-
lation. 1 ask that the section be again read. I
understand it to be the ordinary provision in the
ordinary legal phraseology which passes the prop- j
erty to the heirs general, and makes it general as- i
sets. I think that the engrossmentof the bill ought j
to be reconsidered. 1 am satisfied that the gentle- :
man from Pennsylvania is right. It ought to be -
reconsidered, and amended in the particular I have '
mentioned I call for the previous question. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have an amend- |
ment, which I give notice that I will offer. !
Mr. COBB. Let it be read, and it may be !
agreed to unanimously. |
The Clerk read the amendment, as follo?/s:
After the word claimant, j  the seventh line, insert:
And ail sucli warrants have been heretofore issued
subsequent to the death of the claimant. j
Mr. COBB. I hope, if the House is of the >
opinion that the bill is not explicit enough, that 1
the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. LETCHER. I presume there is no objec- j
tion to the amendment. J
Mr. PHILLIPS. I object until the motion is j
jeconsiderrd. j
The call furihepreviousquestionwas seconded;
and the main question ordered to be put. ;
The question was taken on the motion to recon- ;
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to be >
engrossed and read a third time; and it was agreed ,
to. :
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon- i
sider the vote by which the substitute was agreed !
to. I
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted his '
amendment as an amendment to the substitute.
The amendment was read and agreed to; and
then the substitute as amended was adopted.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to recommit the bill
to the Committee on Public Lands, withauthonty ;
to report to-morrow, when it shall be the special i
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can make a |
motion to recommit, but he cannot,without a two- !
thirds vote, give the committee the power to report .
at any time. I
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not want the bill to lose \
its position 1
Mr. BURNETT. I call for the previous ques- !
tion. |
Mr.JEWETT. I hope my colleague will with- ;
draw that call for a moment.
Mr. BURNETT. I will if my colleague will ,
renew it. I
Mr.JEWETT. I will. j
Mr. Speaker, I have paid some little attention
to this bill, and I wish to reply to the lemaiks '
submitted hy the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stan-
ton] on that clause of the bill which he behoves
declares warrants to be assets in the hands of the
representatives. The bill does not contemplate,
as the gentleman supposes, that the warrants shall
be assets general for distribution amongst the cred-
itors. The bill declares the title to the warrant to
vest in the heirs. They are only assets for the
purpose of distribution amongst the heirs, and not
for distribution amongst the creditors general. It
was adopted for the purpose of avoiding a suit in
chancery by the heirs, to authorize a sale of the
warrant. Where the heirs were numerous, no
one was willing to make an entry or to locate tho ;
land, and a sale was necessary. Under the rules :
and regulations of the Department, it required '
much delay to secure an order for sale for the pur- ;
pose of distributing the proceeds amongst the |
heirs general. It is to avoid that, and to authorize j!
a sale by the personal representatives for distri-
bution amongst the heirs, and not for distribution
amongst the creditors, that the bill was framed as ;
it was. I call for the previous question. :
The cali for the previous question was second- 1
ed,and the main question ordered to be put; and,
under the operation thereof; the bill, as amended, ,
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and, being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time. s
Mr. COBB called for the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The call for the previous question was second-
ed, and the main question ordered to bo put.
Mr. REAGAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
! NEW YORK JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. RUSSELL asked the unanimous consent
, of the House to introduce a bill, to divide the State
j' of New York into three judicial districts, for ref-
j erence merely.
i' Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected,
j; Mr. RUSSELL moved to suspend the rules,
j' Theouestion was taken,and the rules weienot
i suspended.
; Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that the House
j; proceed to the consideration of the business upon
1; the Speaker's table.
I, The SPEAKER. If the motion be objected
to, it will require a two-thirds vote to agree to it.
: Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. By general
j; consent, on Friday last, the Minnesota bill was
i; set down for to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
I! The SPEAKER. There are some twenty pub-
!■ "lie bills on the table, which probably ought to be
1 referred.
! Mr. WALBRIDGE. It is my object only to
i get at those bills. If a billis presented which any
1 gentleman wants to be passed, very well; let the
■ chance be given for action on it.
!' Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to move to
i" amend the proposition by allowing bills and res-
j: olutions,of which previous notice has been given,
; to be introduced for reference merely?
; Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
that.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is hardly
' in order.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the proposition of the
gentleman from Michigan include the resolution
i for abrogating the Clayton-Bulwer treaty ;
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
; that the proposition had better be confined to 1
j Senate bills, and House bills with Senate amend-
ments.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I accept that a3 my mo-
tion.
Mr. ENGLISH. I object, unless we proceed
to the business upon the Speaker's table. If that
be the motion, I will not object.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that the rules be
suspended.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The resolution, as modified, was then agreed
to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, leave
was granted to withdraw from the files of the
Blouse the papers in the case of B. F. Riftenhouse,
by leaving copies of the same.
The House then proceeded with the execution
of the order m reference to bills on the Speaker's
table.
BIILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
An act (H. R. No. 62) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy foi the
yearending June 30, 1859, returned from the Sen-
ate with an amendment, was then taken from the
Speaker's table.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as fol-
lows:
Strike out the following:
For pay of officers, m-tmciois, cade?'. «ud musicians,
$94,8Stf.
For pay of eight profet-sors at the Military Academy,
$-16,000.
A nd insert m lieu thereof:
For pay of officer*, instructors, cadets, and musicians,
$112,866.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The amendment
is to restore to the profes^ois at West Point the
§20 per month which the House rejected. 1 move
the previous question on concurring m the amend-
ment.
Mr. BURNETT. If I understand it, the Sen-
ate insert the amendment which was stricken out
by the House.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. The amendment
simply increases the appropriation sufficiently to
allow the $20 per month to the professors at the
Military Academy.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURNETT demanded the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was concurred
in, and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the Senate were then
taken from the Speaker's table, severally read a
first and second time, and referred as indicated
below:
ii An act (No. 248) to amend or define the act of
■ j July 2(J, 1850, entuied "An act providing for re-
]j cording the conveyances of vessels, and for other
|! purposes." Referred to the Committee on Com-
|> merce.
ji An act (No. 204) to provide for issuing patents
|j in certain cases when grants of the public lands
I have been or may be made to States by Congress,
ji Referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
j. An act (No. 197) providing for the arrest and
;i return of fugitives from justice to the District of
;j Columbia. Referred to the Committee on the Ju-
;; diciaiy.
ji An act (No. 127) to repeal the fifth section of
;; an act entitled "An act to authorize the register o>*
ii enrollment and license to be issued in the name of
;; the presidentorsecretary ofany incorporated com-
!j pany owning a steamboat or vessel," approved
: March 3, Ife25. Referred to the Committee on
^ Commerce.
: An act (No. 152) to incorporate the Washing-
ji ton National Monument Society. Referred to the
<; Committee for the District of Columbia.
An act (No. 247) to amend an act entitled*" An
ji act for enrolling and licensing ships or vessels to
r be employed in the coasting trade and fisheries,
:! and for regulating the same," passed February
18, 1793. Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
| An act (No. 193) authorizing the issuing of cer-
j tain bounty land warrants to the legal represent-
| atives of deceased persons entitled thereto. Re-
i ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
; DROPPED AND RETIRED NAVAL OFFICERS.
Joint resolution (S. No. 30) to extend for a fur-
| ther term the provisions of joint resolution ap-
i proved March 10, 1858, in relation to ccrtain
; dropped and retired officers of the Navy, was then
j| taken up, and read a first and second time.
]' Mr. MILLSON. I hope the House will, by
general consent, allow this resolution to be put
. upon its passage immediately. The object of the
! resolution is to allow the President six months,
: within which to consider the records of the Courts
1 of inquiry, so as to restore to the service those
j persons who, upon examination of the record,
:! might appear to be entitled to be restored. But,
: though a law passed giving the President six
months for that purpose, the House will perceive
, that he has not had six weeks, and unless this
resolution should pass, he would have no time at
all.
The object of this resolution is simply to gw'e
J hirn nu opportunity to examine these records.
1 The Senate, upon being informed that it was ab-
solutely impossible for the President to inspect
: these records of some forty-odd cases before the
i adjournment of the present session of Congress,
; has agreed to extend the time until the 1st of
' January next. Without that extension the act
■ recently passed will be of no value whatever. I
' think this is all the explanation necessary to en-
able the House to understand the object of the
bill, and with that explanation I think they will
! take up the bill and pass it without objection. 1
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was then ordered to a third
1 reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
j and passed.
' Mr. M1LLSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
