950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
cations, and because he will not have time to do
them justice?
Mr. BOCOCK. I will see, in the end, whether
injustice has been done or not. I am examining
what the nature of the operation of the thing will
be. I trust, Mr. Speaker, that it will turn out
otherwise. I trust that the executive officers of
this country will have time, and will command the
time, to examine these records, if sent to them.
If so, I think that many of these gentlemen who
expect to getin will find themselves unsuccessful.
Well, sir, how is this case in the view of it
which I have presented ? In 1855, previous to the
passage of the act commonly called the act to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy, applications had
come up from every quarter of the country, from
almostevery officer of the Navy,from everybody
who took an interest in the Navy, asking the Con-
gress of the United States to pass some act to give
efficiency and energy to the Navy. As far back
as 1 have any recollection of the action of the Naval
Committee, a distinguished citizen of Ohio, who
was then a member of this House, directed his at-
tention, and the attention of the committee, to an
attempt to create an efficiency board, to get rid of
officers of the Navy who were, not rotten, not cor-
rupt, but inefficient. The proposition failed at
that time.
At a subsequent session of Congress, a distin-
guished gentleman from Tennessee, who is now
quite much talked of in the land, and who talks
a good deal in the land himself, and who was then
in the position of chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee, directed his attention to the subject, and j
prepared a bill for the reorganization of the Navy, |
so as to promote its efficiency by retiring disabled 1
and inefficient officers. That, too, failed. But |
the attention of the country was directed to the !
subject, and the effect was to bring back a re-
sponse from all parts of the country, asking that
this bill might be adopted. What state of things
was then found in the Navy? We found the
Navy stocked with officers, very few of whom—
not one fifth—were employed. We found men
lingering in the rank of midshipmen at the age of
forty. We found men lieutenants, not. entitled
to command, at the age of fifty odd, and promo-
tion entirely cut off. We found in the highest
grades of the Navy men who had not seen service,
some of them for sixteen or twenty years. There
they stood, incompetent to serve, inefficient, worn
out, or whatever you choose to call it, blocking
up the way of promotion against younger ai
more efficient officers. Let me read, in this con-
nection, what the late Secretary of the Navy (Mr.
Dobbin) said in regard to this subject:
"And j'et, budi wus the condition of the Navy—as urged
by Secretaries and conceded by officer*, and cit-
izens— such the loud cry lor prompt reiorm, echoed and re-
echoed through the country—that f onjjieo*, in its wisdom,
failing to pass the genetul and moie compiehensive billa
originally reported by the comimtteosj, instituted this siim-
maiy tiibunal with signal majorities."
Now, sir, permit me to say that this bill was
not the elaborate bill framed by the committee, of
which I was a member, during that session; but
a bill originating in the Senate, which passed the
Senate by an overwhelming majority, and which
passed this House by a large majority. The Sec-
retary of the Navy, who had been some little time
in office, and was well acquainted with the menial
and physical character of tiic officers of the Navy,
by reputation, impanneled a board of the very
first men in the Navy—a board of men who, but
for the clamor raised by those interested in and
affected by their action, would have been to-day
universally acknowledged to consist of the first
men in the naval service. In reference to the
character of the men composing this board, the
Secretary of the Navy says:
<lThe officers selected to compose the board were, in
terms highly laudatory, pronounced fit men for the delicate
task. Indeed, when their names were announced, there
was a warm and general expression of favor and gianfica-
tion, rarely exhibited."
I know that to be the fact, snd can confirm this
statement of the Secretary of the Navy from my
own personal knowledge;for at that time my at-
tention was particularly called to the subject. J
What was the nature of that board ? Gentlemen
entirely misinterpret it, or misunderstand it. It
hay been characterized by gentlemen upon this
floor, as a Star Chamber, as a secret inquisition.
It-has been said that this board sat with closed
doors to try their brother officers, without giving
them an opportunity to be present to examine
witnesses, or to be heard by counsel. Sir, this
was no such board. It tried no man. It did not
sit in trial of any officer. It was not a judicial
board by any means. What was the nature of it?
It was conceded and generally known that there
were in the naval service a large number of men
who ought not to be on the active list. But gen-
tlemen say, if they ought not to be on the active list
of the Navy, why not try them by court-martial,
or court of inquiry, and drop them? I answer, in
the language of Secretary Dobbin,that these courts-
martial and courts of inquiry have been in exist-
ence all the time, and yet the evils still existed in
spite of them. Something else,then,was wanted.
The courts-martial and the courts of inquiry then
in existence would not do. Let me suggest here
that the courts-martial and courts of inquiry, as
then organized, might pronounce a man innocent,
and yet he ought not to be on the active list of
the Navy. Many of these officers entered the
Navy very young, as midshipmen; and though
the poet says,
" The child's the father of the man,"
yet you cannot always tell, from what the boy is,
what the man will be. His qualifications as a
midshipman when a boy may be good enough,
and yet, when he comes to be developed as a man,
and his character expands into manhood, you
may find that he wants something or other to fit
him for an officer in command. He has committed
no offense. He has done nothing which could
bring down upon him the sentence of a court-
martial.
In another ease,aman may have acquired habits
and a reputation such that the Secretary of the
Navy may be satisfied in his own mind that he
is unlit for active service. There are many such
men, who, the Secretary of the Navy knows, are
unfit to have control of the Navy; and although
they may sometimes apply for service, he will
not trust the flag of the country in their hands,
because it would be disgraced. They have no
opportunity, therefore, of doing anything for
which a court-martial could try them; and yet it
may be apparent to every one acquainted with
the circumstances, that they are unfit to be on the
active list of the naval service; and a judicious
man would say that such men ought not to stand
in the way of those who are competent and effi-
cient, and who would add to the glory of the
country.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to know
whether this board called the officers whose cases
they acted on, before them; whether they took
any testimony to prove their unfitness as officers;
or whether they acted on their own knowledge ?
Mr. BOCOCK. I understand that they acted
upon the latter only, and that was the intention.
But, sir, I was about to explain more fully the
purposes for which this court was organized. I
contend, as I contended when the measure was
before the House, that it conferred no new power
upon the President. The President had already
power to put any officcr of the Navy upon the
leave-of-absence list if he chose. He had power
to put him upon furlough pay if he chose, and he
had power, and actually exercised it, of striking
a man from the rolls of the Navy altogether.
But the object of the law was to provide him with
a board of advisers, leading men of the Navy,
who should furnish him the information on which
he might exeicise that power. No man was con-
demned by that board, because no man was tried
by it. It was a board of advisement only. It
acted upon the knowledge of the officers of the
Navy, and not from evidence of any particular
transaction.
Mr. SEWARD,- If the gentleman will allow |
me to interrupt him, I want to know where the !
gentleman gets authority for saying that this I
board of fifteen acted from their own personal j
knowledge of the character of the officers of the 1
Navy who were affected by their own decision ?
Air. BOCOCK. I say that such is my belief.
Mr. SEWARD. Then the gentleman states
it simply as a mere matter of belief, without any
information on which to base his statement.
Mr. BOCOCK. Y cs, sir; I made the statement
as my belief, and I never heard that they acted
upon any other information. But, sir, I was go-
ing on to say that if tho President of the United !
States, in the exercise of the power which was ;
vested in him before the formation of this board,
had, upon his own motion, put men upon the
furlough list, or dropped them from the rolls of
the Navy, you would have heard a clamor raised
against the exercise of this one-man power. It
is true, sir, that he had the power to make a gen-
eral reform in the Navy upon his own motion;
but it would have required a bold man to have
done it. But, sir, this law granted to the Pr« si-
dent of the United States the right to call around
him a cabinet of advisers of fifteen of the most
efficient men of the Navy. The action of that
board did not compel the removal of any man. It
made recommendations to the President, upon
which he acted in purifying the Navy.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have heard it all round
here that these men have been disgraced and de-
graded by the action of the President, upon the
recommendation of this board. How gentlemen
can arrive at such a conclusion, in reference to
some of these men, I cannot understand. Gen-
tlemen have, in their places upon this floor, been
eloquent in praise of Commodore Stewart. No
man thinks more highly of Commodore Stewart
than I do; no man appreciates more highly the
service he has rendered to the country than I do.
I only differ with gentlemen as to the action of
the naval board and of the President. Instead of
believing that action as being a stigma and dis-
grace upon Commodore Stewart, I believe that it
was an act of clemency. What! a man eighty
odd years old; a man who had braved the battle
and the breeze for years, and who had worn him-
self out in the service of his country, still being
allowed to remain upon the active-service list, lia-
ble to be called upon at his time of life for the dis-
charge of active duty! No, sir; it would either
•have been unjust to him, or else your record would
have pronounced a falsehood. Your record holds
these men forth, to the Secretary of the Navy and
to the country, as men ready for the service. •
Those upon the active-service list the Secretary
of the Navy and the President had power to com-
mand into service. The board steps in here, with
this wise and beneficent action, and takes that old
man and shelters him from the danger of being
called into active service. Disgrace ! Why, sir,
he receives every cent he did receive and would
have received under any circumstances. He is
upon the leave-of-absence list, and receives all
lie would have received if this board had never
acted.
Mr. BURROUGHS. Upon what list was he
placed ?
Mr. BOCOCK. He was retired upon the legal
leave-of-abscnce pay of a senior captain, which,
I believe, is §4,500 a year. The action of the
board has not affected his pay at all. Everyman
upon the leave-of-absence list gets precisely the
same pay he did before.
The commodore considers it a disgrace, says
my friend. As my attention is called to the sub-
ject, gentlemen will pardon me for making a re-
mark which, I fear, will be considered unkind.
Any unkindness is the furthest thing from my
intention. I would not have made the remark if
the gentlemen from Delaware [Mr. Whiteley]
had not provoked it. The fact that Commodore
Stewart, with his intelligence, has held himself
forth to the country as a disgraced and injured
man, is the strongest proof to me that, at .he ago
of eighty, he has not the possession of those strong
and vigorous powers of mind for which he was
formerly noted. The fact that he considers him-
self disgraced by the action of the naval board
is thestrongestargumentagainsthim. What,sir,
merely to say that a man of eighty years is not
able to discharge, physically if you choose, men-
tally if you choose, the duties required of a naval
officer! Call that disgrace? That is the whole
thing.
Mr. CHAPMAN. Has not Commodore Stew-
art been in active service at the Philadelphia navy-
yard ever since the board was in session?
Mr. BOCOCK. I was about coming to that
point. I want to say that the action of the naval
board, by some clemency on the part of the ex-
ecutive power, has not affected Commodore Stew-
art in the least. It interposed, and has kept htm in
his pay of $4,500 a year. I have believed, how-
ever, that it was not done from any conviction
that Commodore Stewart was fully competent, at
his age, to discharge the duties required of him
in that office; but simply because the Executive
