1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2937
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. JSro , sir, only thirty or
forty.
Mr. COBB. Well, sir, there is not a member
of the House who can state the exact bearing of
the bill. Now, sir, the Committee on Public Lands
have had a great many propositions before them
during the present session to permit persons to
enter lands, and we have invariably provided that
the lands to be entered shall be at $1 25 an acre.
Large grants of lands have been made to Iowa
for railroad purposes, on the condition that the
alternate sections within six miles of the lines of
railroads shall be sold at $2 50 an acre. But this
bill would allow these persons to enter those lands
at £l 25 an acre in violation of that law.
Now, I do not know that any of the lands re-
ferred to in this bill he within six miles of any
railroad to which a grant has been made; but if
they do, then these persons should pay the same
amount for the lands that all others have to pay.
Iowa has had three or four million aciesof the
pubjic lands granted to her for railroad purposes,
on the condition that the alternate sections should
be reserved at the minimum price of $2 50 an acre.
And now the gentleman from Iowa asks us to pass
this bill rapidly, and without consideration in the
Committee on Public Lands, because these men
are poor men and the lands are about to be brought
into market. Well, sir, if we are to make pro-
vision for these men because they are poor and
cannot now pay for their lands, we should make
a similar provision for poor men in other parts
of Iowa, and in California, and m Kansas, and
Nebraska, and elsewhere where lands are now
being offered for sale. They should be allowed
the same extension of time. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio that he should amend
the bill so as to provide that if any of the reserved
sections are embraced in this bill, the usual price
of $2 50 shall be paid for them.
The gentleman states that these lands are about
to be brought into market. Well, if he can show
any particular reason why they should not be
brought into market, and sold, I am satisfied that
the President of the United St£rtes, knowing that
legislation is pending before the House and has
passed the Senate, will postpone the sale until the
House can deliberately consider the bi'L I tell
the gentleman from Iowa that, if the bill is sent
to the Committee on Public Lands, it will have
prompt consideration; and I tell other gentlemen
who have measures befoie that committee, that,
whenever we are able to report, we will endeavor
to do them all justice. We have many reports
ready to make, and shall have an opportunity to
present them if gentlemen will go on with the reg-
ular order of business. I have very iiuie doubt
that the President will postpone the sale of these
lands until the House can act upon the question.
I have now discharged my duty, and yield the
floor.
Mr. CURTIS. I a^n satisfied that the gentle-
man always discharges his duty as chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands. I give him credit
for always doing what he thinks right; but I wish
to explain to the gentleman that this reservation
is off the line of any railroad. Itliesm the south-
ern part of Decatur county, through winch no rail-
road grant passes. I would be perfectly willing to
put a provision in the bill such as the gentleman
from Alabama suggests; but tin: bill would then
have to go back to the Senate, which woeld delay
the passage till after the lands arc exposed to sale.
J\Ir. COBB. It is difficult to tell where the rail-
roads run m Iowa.
Mr. CURTIS. There has been only one grant
to a railroad m the southern portion of the State,
_ and that grant was to what is called the Burling-
* ton road. But these lands are in Decatur county,
a tier of counties south of the Burlington line; so _
the Burlington grant is twenty or thirty miles j
north of the Hungarian settlement. 1
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. The Senate have j
passed the bill. What difficulty could grow out i
of the adoption of the amendment suggested by
the gentleman from Alabama2
Mr. CURTIS. I know of none except that it
would take time. I am perfectly willing that the
amendment shall be put in. I would rather have
it in than not, although it would be mere surplus- (
age. But let me say one word in regard to the
object of passing the bill at once. The sale of
these lands is to come olf, I believe, on the 17th of
this month, and it is necessary that the bill should ,
pass immediately; otherwise they will be sold, and
beyond the reach of these settlers.
Now, who are these men that ask this right of
preemption? They are the refugees who came
from Hungary, some years ago, with the unfor-
tunate patriot Kossuth, and were received,as gen-
tlemen frill remember, with distinguished consid-
eration by the people of the United States. They
were encouraged tosettleinour country,and they
were received and cordially welcomed by the peo-
ple of Iowa, and have since lived on the public
domain as other settlers, with a perfect under-
standing thatthey were to have preem ption rights.
The captain and leader, Governor Ujhazy, who
first established the colony, removed to a warmer
climate. He went to Texas; and, I believe, now
resides there. From that fact it would be difficult
to prove up the claims, as some who now live on
his lands are assignees; and it may be there are
some of them precluded on the ground thatthey
are aliens. All they wish, and all this bill provides
for, is to allow these men ro go on and prove up
their claims, the same as other preemptors, pay-
ing the same price that other citizens have to pay.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would sug-
gest, as this matter seems likely to provoke some
discussion, that if the House will alio w the second
section of the bill to be read, they will see there
is nothing in it but to give these poor men twelve
months to pay for their lands, which have been
advertised to be sold; and, uniess this law is
passed, they will be sold, and the lands may 2:0
into the hands of speculators.
Mr. CURTIS. It is not the object of this bill
to afford to these settlers any privileges other than
are allowed to other settlers upon the pubLc lands;
but to extend to them the same rights which
others enjoy. They do not ask for"any other (
rights or privileges
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois It the House
will hear the second section of the bill read, that
will explain the whole matter. :
Mr. CURTIS. Let the whole bill be read. j
The bill was read. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire |
of the gentleman from Iowa whether this biil ;
provides preemption rights for any who are not ;
living on the lands ? * I
Mr. CURTIS. Certainly not. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I hope the !
bill will be passed. ;
Mr. CURTIS. I call the previous question on |
the third reading of the bill. j
Mr SMITH, of Virginia. Does not this bill i
give credit to those who do not want it as well as I
to those who do? i
Mr. CURTIS. The bill names the persons !
who are entitled to enter under it by giving a
year to prove up their chums.
Air. SMITH, of Ynglnia. Tins bill, then, '
gives them the use of the money for a year, 110 ;
matter how much they may have. j
Mr. CURTIS. These men are poor, and will :
be glad to poy for their land, and get their titles ;
as soon as possible None of them would desire |
the credit if they did not ncni it. I have already 1
said the bill merely gives them the same right of j
preemption which is usually enjoyed bv other set- \
tiers. I insist upon my demand for the previous ■
question. m ;
The previous question was seconded, and the 1
main question was ordered to be put. ;
The bill was then ordered to a third reading; ■
and was accordingly read the third time, and ,
passed. ,
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa, moved to reconsider the ;
vote by which the bill was pissed: and also
moved "to lay the motion to reconsider on the ;
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, fiom the Committee on En-
roll- d Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act making
appropriations for the Military Acadcmy for the
year ending June 30, 1859; when the Sneaker
signed the same.
KEEPING OF THE CALIFORNIA ARCHIVES.
An act (No. 312) to provide for the reflection,
and safe-keeping of public archives in the Stale
of California was next taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time.
1 Mr. SCOTT. I move t#put that bill on its pas-
sage.
The bill was read in extenso.
' Mr. QUITMAN. I have no doubt there is a
■ necessity for some means to be provided for the
preservation of those records. This bill, however,
j provides such a multitude of penalties, and goes so
: much into detail, that I prefer to have itexamined
by the Judiciary Committee; and I therefore move
■ that it be referred to that committee.
Mr. SCOTT. It is the first time I have heard
the bill read, and it strikes me to be merely a pe-
nal statute providing certain punishments for cer-
1 tain crimes in reference to meddling improperly
i with the public records of California. Even if I
| were fully posted on the matter, and wished to
1 defend the bill, I am too unwell to do it. If the
gentleman from Mississippi, or any other gentle-
man, thinks that it is not a proper bill, and ought
to be looked into, I wiH*not object to its reference;
but on listening to the bill, I do not see anything
objectionable in it. If the gentleman will point
out anything objectionable to it, I am willing to
; have it referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
j The late hour of the session is the only thing
' which presses action on the bill now.
Air. ClUITMAN. Mr Speaker, ofcoursc with
: the first reading of the bill I cannot form a per-
fect idea of its operation in respect to all the cases
provided for. There is a single feature which
struck me as demanding the attention of this
House, or at least of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. That feature of the bill is the power given
under the circumstances to enter housesand make
searches for papers. I do not think ihat that pro-
vision is well guaided, and it may be that under
it authority may be given to search into the pri-
vate papers of private individuals. There was
some provision made for the preservation of the
records of my own State at the time she was
changing from a Territory to a State, and I have
: no objection to a proper provision for California,
j Nor have I any objection to the section of the bill
1 whieh provides that in certain cases where the
original cannot be furnished, a copy may be put
m evidence. But this thing requires an examina-
tion. I am unwilling to vote 011 the subject until
I have examined it.
Mr. SCOTT. I accede to the gentleman's prop-
osition, and agree that the bill shall be referred to
the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
CALIFORNIA PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 313) to amend an act entitled
"An act to ascertain and settle the private land
claims m the State of California," passed March
3, 3S57.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that that bill be put on its
passage.
The bill was read in extenso; and was then or-
dered to be read a third time; it was accordingly
read a third time, and passed.
CALIFORNIA LAND TITLES.
An act (No. 314) for the prevention and pun-
ishment of frauds m land titles in California, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time; and referred to the Committee 011
the Judiciary.
ENROLLED BILL,
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled a joint resolution
to extend the operation of the act approved Jan-
uary 16, 1857, entitled " An act to amend an act
entitled, 'An act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy.'5'
BATH (MAINE) CUSTOM-HOUSE.
An act (S. No. 307) to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to sell the old custom-house and
site in Bath, Maine, and for other purposes, was
taker from the Speaker's table, and read a first
and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
bill will be put upon its passage. There is no
necessity for referring it to the Committee on
Commerce.
Air. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not see that
any provision is made in the bill tor the manner
of sale.
