1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951:
wislied, in the exercise of the power confided to
him, to put balm upon the supposed wound of
Commodore Stewart. I shall not pursue the
course of argument pursued by the gentleman
from Delaware. He stated a great many things
from hearsay. I have heard things said in regard
to the physical efficiency of Commodore Stewart;
but 011 this point I have nothing further to say.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am in almost daily in-
tercourse with Commodore Stewart at home. I
know, of my own knowledge, that lie is entirely
equal to the performance of eveiy duty required
of a person stationed at a navy-yard; and further
than that, X believe, sir, that he is equal to the
discharge of every duty required of a captain of
the Navy. I think it due to Commodore Stew-
art, and to truth and'justice, that I should say
this much. I trust that I may have an opportu-
nity to speak more at large.
Mr. BOCOCK. Itseemsto be due to truth and
justice for almost every member to interrupt me.
'[Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman will do me
the justice to say that I have not interrupted him
before, and that I have interposed no objection to
action on the part of this House.
Mr. BOCOCK. Will the gentleman tell me
how old a man Commodore Stewart is ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I think he is seventy-eight
years of age.
Mr. BOCOCK. Not older than that?
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not think he is. It
was a matter of conversation between one of my
colleagues and myself. Though sevejity-eight
yearsold, so far as ability to perform Aaval du-
ties is concerned, he is not more than fifty.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, what is the moral,
mental, physical, and professional fitness of Com-
modore Stewart for naval service?
Mr. FLORENCE. So far as my judgment is
concerned, I think he is morally,mentally, phys-
ically , and professionally equal to the performance
of any duty required of a captain in the Navy.
Mr. BOCOCK. This is the opinion of my
friend from Pennsylvania, but not that of the
board. I put it to gentlemen whether it was any
very great mistake of judgment if the board came
to the conclusion that, because of the great age at
which Commodore Stewart had arrived, lie might
not be fully competent for efficient service on
board a ship ? Was that a grievous error ? I doubt
whether it is an error or a mistake when they
have attributed to him nothing but the fact of his
age. I understand from a gentleman near me that
he is eio-hty-three years of age. There is, then,
a difference of opinion between the gentleman and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, in that point
of view, I put it to the House whether it is a great
cause of condemnation of this boaid that they
were of opinion that a man at the age of eigh ty-
three was not fully competent, physically, to dis-
charge all of the duties required of a naval officer .
Tiie Government came in at that point and says
that it will not longer hold that officer upon the
active list; that it will take him under its benefi-
cent care, and to the end of his life will not ask
him to engage in activc service, though it gives
him leave-of-absence pay.
A large number of men were affected by the ac-
tion of this board; they were scattered all thiough
the country; many of them were perhaps estima-
ble and worthy gentlemen, and they were greatly
outraged in their feelings because they were not
kept upon the active-servicc list. _ They enlisted
their friends here and elsewhere in their behalf,
and the country was very much agitated m rela-
tion to this question. Perhaps, too, Mr. Speakei,
in some few instances, the board had acted un-
wisely. It is human to err. That court may not
have been accurate in all its decisions I ask it
it could have been otherwise? I ask if it could
have been expected that it would have been other-
wise ? If you find a human being with an unsound
limb, can you take off the unsound limb without
taking a little sound flesh too? The difficulty is
to know, in all such cases, where the line of de-
markation exists. The difficulty exists ftvery-
where in the physical and natural world. Who
can draw the dividing line, m the regular succes-
sion of night and day—where the light ends and the
darkness begins? So in this case; in undertaking
to remove men who were not exactly suited for
the naval servicc, some may have been removed
who ought to have been left in the service. The
groat question, however, ought to be, has the
thing done good, or has it done harm? Has it
improved the naval service, or has it injured the
naval service? Now, sir, permit me to ask who
that sits in judgment upon this matter, what Sec-
retary of the Navy, what other officer in charge
of naval affairs, who occupies an impartial posi-
tion, has come and told the House of Represent-
atives that this thing has done harm, ana that it
ought to be obliterated? Who has done it? Sec-
retary Dobbin did not. Secretary Dobbin held
exactly the contrary opinion—that it had done
unspeakable good to the naval service. He has
left that opinion on record in his report. After
saying that nothing ought to be done to interfere
materially with the operations of the board, he
goes on:
" I have an abiding conviction that history will prove that
this work of reform runivigorated the Navy; imparted to it
a robust and active health ; inspired the hearts of the young
and gallant officers, hitherto drooping with hopeless de-
spondency, with fie>h eneigyand contentment with the
service, warned the thoughiless and idle to quit the haunts
of idleness and seek the patli of duty leading to honor, and
caused the eountiy to roposo with the more pride and con-
fidence in the behei'm the invincibility of this right aim of
the service."
That was the opinion of Secretary Dobbin.
"Who that knew him and wasdaily associated with
him does not remember how he delighted to dwell
upon the beneficial effects of this measure upon the
condition of the Navy? He used to say, formerly
when an order was issued to make out a comple-
ment of officers to take charge of a vessel, and
an order was sent to an officer in any part of the
country, he would send back word that his fam-
ily were in very delicate health and he wished to
be excused; in another case the officer would send
word that somebody had died and left an estate
upon his hands to manage, and he wished for a
little longer indulgence; in another case that he
had not been long enough with his family and
friends, and that others had been longer out of
employment, and he wished to be excused; but
that after that law passed, as soon as he issued
his orders the officers came without hesitation or
delay; they were prompt in obedience to orders,
anxious for the service and active in the discharge
of their duties; and that by the new impulse given
to the naval service, robust and vigorous health
had been restored to that which was before a lan-
guishing and enfeebled body. So said Secretary
Dobbin. What says Secretary Toucey? The
naval service of the country is now under his
charge, and it is to be presumed that he has the
interests of that branch of the public service at
heart. Has he presented to you in his report this
eloomy picture of the efFectsof the Navy efficiency
bill? I have not seen it. I have not heard it.
Eye hath not seen, nor hath ear heard, what it
has entered into the minds of gentlemen upon this
floor to represent. Why, then, all this clamor?
f do not wish to indulge in any harsh suspicions.
I only know this, that the purlieus of this Capi-
tol have been haunted by the good friends of good
men, who wanted their help m this matter.
[A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. William Hickey, one of its assistant clerks,
informing the House that the Senate had passed
an act for the relief of Henry Hubbard, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.]
Mr. BOCOCK. I have heard some gentlemen
say that they would like to pass a sweeping reso-
lution, and put all of these officers back. All I
have* to savin relation to that matter is, that if
you are going to put all these men back you will
sink the vessel of the Navy, and you ought first
to provide some means of escape for good and
efficient officers.
But, sir, when this law was originally passed,
it was conccded on all hands that there were some
inefficient men m the Navy who ought to be out
of it; every officer of the Navy you metsaid there
was somebody in the Navy who ought not to be
there, who was blocking the way to the promo-
tion of others, and that the law ought to be passed
to get rid of those men. Well, the lawwas passed;
the ax fell, and each man who felt the smart con-
demned the law. There is an old distich which
I might repeat here, but as I do not wish to pass
reflections upon any one, I will let it pass. A t
were in favor of the passage of the law. bach
one was willing to take his chance of being struck
off for his chance of being promdted; but when
the ax fell on him instead of on some other man,
why each one was terribly affronted with the
law—it was the most egregiously wicked law that
had ever been passed in the world, and now no
man can be found who should have been turned
out.
I have said, Mr. Speaker, that the .board did
not try any man or inflict disgrace upon any man.
1 intended to have said a few taore words upon
that point, but I have been so interrupted in the
regular course of my remarks that it seems now
almost out of place.
I will say, however, in regard to those who have
been placed on the leave-of-absence list, that the
fact of their having been so placed is the best
proof that they were considered incompetent for
some cause that did not affect their standing.
Those placed on that list were men advanced in
years, and who, like Commodore Stewart, had
rendered distinguished service to their country,
and it was thought proper to give them a higher
rate of pay as a reward for the distinguished ser-
vices heretofore rendered. Those placed upon the
furlough list are men who have become incompe-
tent earlier in life, and have had no chance of
rendering distinguished service to the country;
they are given pay for life, but not as high a rate
of pay as those who have done more service. The
only question about stigma being attached to any-
body was, as to those whose inefficiency was the
result of their own fault. The language of the
law was, that if a man became inefficient by his
own fault, by dissipated habits, or by any cause
over which he had control, ho should be loft out
; altogether, on a year's pay- The Government
did not think that if a man had rendered himself
I incompetent he had any good claim upon the Gov-
i eminent for an annual pension for life. He had
i become inefficient by liis own fault, not by his own
• crime.
! That was the action of the first board. It re-
i moved two hundred and one men from the active-
1 service list. Forty-lime, I think, were dropped.
A great clamor was immediately raised against
the action of the board, and forthwith the sub-
ject was introduced into the two Houses of Con-
gress. Much agitation took place on^the subject.
Editors and letter-writers appealed to the public
mind, and some members of Congress were very-
soon found undertaking to subvert the action of
the board. After long discussion in the Senate,
a law was passed at the last session. It came here,
and was passed without discussion. What did
that law allow ? Hallowed any officer who thought
himselfaggrievedby theactionof theformcrboard
to apply to the Secretary of the Navy, within a
limited time, to have Ins case reexamined by a
court of inquiry, before which he could appear,
examine witnesses, and be represented by coun-
sel. As has been said, these gentlemen had tile
services of the very highest and ablest counsel
that the land afforded. These courts of inquiry,
after full examination, came to the conclusion that
the action of the former board might have been,
perhaps, too harsh in a good many cases. In
some of the cases they came to the conclusion that
the action of the former board was right. Let me
state to the House the statistics on the subject, for
they have been greatly misunderstood here. Gen-
tlemen have declared that in sixty-two out of one
hundred and eight cases tlie action of the first
board was shown to be egregiously wrong, and
that the courts of inquiry proceeded to icstore
these men to the active service list of the JN^vy.
That is ail a mistake, sir.
" Question. How many officers were dropped, furlouglied,
or retired. by Hie naval board ?
l\knJn. Two hundred and one, to vt: fo.lv iime
dropped; eiglity-oue furlouglied, and ceveim "i>;: renred.
Now, out of the one hundred and eight cases
where application was made for a reexamination
' by the courts of inquiry, only thirty-three officers
were restored to the active-service list.
1 know that the action of the former board wan
modified in sixty-two cases. Many officers who
had been putby the former board on furlough pay,
were put on leave-of-absence pay, and the decis-
ions were altered in some such respects; but only
thirty-three men out of the whole one hunuieu
and ei^ht, were restored to the active-service list,
and only ten of the dropped officers were replaced
on the active-service list in the three highest grades
;j of the Navy. Others did not appiy. INowwhtn
