m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
they had an opportunity to apply for a.hearing,
ana did not do so, I draw the inference of their
acquiescence in the decision of the first board.
I do not say they approved it. I say they ac-
quiesced in it. Is it not a fair presumption?
'i'hey had, I believe, ninety days to make their
application, if they were in the country. If they
were out of the country, they had ninety days
after their return, provided they returned within
the year. There happened not one single case
in which a man desired to appeal, and did not
have an opportunity to do so. There is no such
ease- on record. All that chose had their cases
revised by the court of inquiry. I have not ex-
amined the records of that court, but if I were
to judge of them by the criticism which has been
made upon them this morning by the gentleman
from Delaware, [Mr. Wiiiteley,] I should come
to a precisely different conclusion on them from
that which he has reached. The gentleman was
startled at the idett that a man could have mind
enough to be a commandcr in the Navy, could
have physical strength enough, and yet not have
a temperament that would qualify him to be a
commander in the Navy. That does not strike
nm nslving such egregious folly as the gentleman
from Delaware supposes I can conceive a man
of robust body, strong mind, well informed in
his profession, to be yet unfit for command, be-
cause liable to excessive gusts of passion.
There was another case, Mr. Speaker, to which
the gentleman referred. He say* that a particular
officer—I do not know his name—was turned out
of the service because—that is the gentleman's in-
ference—he did not challenge a person to fight a
duel. Now, was the inference or* my friend from
Delaware correct> theiv .10 other way to resent
an insult than by a challenge to fight a duel? Does
the gentleman from Delaware take that position?
Matk you, there is not a word said in the finding
of the court about not challenging a man to fight
a duel. They only say ho did not resent an in-
sult in a manly and proper spirit. And I put it
to the gentleman from Delaware; I put it to my
enthusiastic and gallant ftiend fiom Charleston,
[Mr. Miles;] I put it to every man of manly tem-
per on this floor to say, would he see an officer
of the American Navy, a man whoso profession
is arm5:, permit himself to have a gross personal
indignity inflicted upon him, and not resent it?
And because the court thought that he did not
show a proper spirit in resenting the insult, the
gentleman from Delaware says that he was con-
demned because he did not challenge the offender
to fight a duel.
Mr. WHITELEY. I am very sorry to inter-
rupt the gentleman from Virginia, seeing that he
has been so much interrupted; but I wish to state
fhiscas.i properly. The gentleman whose case
I alluded to, 1 do not know; I never saw him until
he was pointed out to me within a minute in the
gallery. He is no friend of mine m any way or
shape; but having no acquaintance with him, he
cannot be an enemy. The charge against him was
a charge of misconduct as an oliicer in certain
dealings. He repelled the charge, as the records
of the court show, denied it, bianded it as false,
and ask'-d for a trial. When this court of in-
quiry u i'd him, they found that he was innocent
of the charge, but implied, by the declaration, that
he did not repel the charge 03 they thought he
should—that he ought to have challenged his ac-
cuser. 1 admit tha! tli 1 f w ntv deduction; and I
tell the gentleman fiom Virginia that when the
record i* submitted to Jinn, he can come to no
other deduction from it. it wassome mercantile
transaction.
Mr. IJOL'OCK. I would not willingly do in-
justice to any otSccr of the Navy: I know nothing
of the case; 1 do not know who'the oilicer is; and
C say, as f said before, ihat the case was only a
supposed -WS3 to illustrate my position. I say
that a man may resent an injury m a proper and
manly spirit, without resorting to a challenge to
fight a du'-l. it is not a fair inference, in a gen-
eral way, f:om the declaration that a man did not
resent an insult in a proper and manly spirit, that
he was condemned for not fighting a duel.
I was going on to state the objections which arc
made to this bill. The board only restored thirty-
three men to the active-service ln>t. Tt n men were
restored from the dropped list to the active-service
list in the three highest grades. Twenty-nine
were chunked ©n th« re&<<rv*d liit from wnfe place
to another, or else were removed from the list of
dropped to the reserved, and forty-six were left
as they were. The others did not apply.
Now, sir, after all that has been done, after
these two boards have thus acted, these men want
another chance before the President. Sir, gentle-
men around me were not all here during the last
Congress. I was; and those who were here will
bear me out in what I say. I did not vote for the
law authorizing these courts of inquiry. The
officers of the Navy desired that that law should
pass. When it was suggested that the President
then in place, and the Secretary of the Navy
then in place, who were familiar with the whole
matter, should have authority to restore some of
them, they said, "No; it is not a place in the
Navy we desire—we can find a living elsewhere;
but we want the stain taken off from our skirts;
we want to be tried and acquitted by a jury of
our peers, and nothing else will satisfy us.5' Now
they have had a trial by a jury of tlxeir peers; but
when that docs not suit them, they come and ask
for executive clemency. I ask you what place
they will occupy in the Navy if they get there ?
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] has
portrayed that matter so well that I will not touch
the picture lest I might mar its truthful lines. I
now only will ask, does the Navy need them ? Is
it for the good of the Navy to place them back?
The evils in the Navy have already arisen from
having too many officers upon the list. There
was not employment for thein, and they were left
to rust in retirement. Now the number of offi-
cers in the highergrades of the Navy has already
been much increased. The number of captains
! allowed by law is sixty-eight. Of these sixty-
i eight captains, according to the Naval Regis'er
; of 1857, only thirty were employed. How many
; of these were upon sea duty? Thirteen. The
' action of these boards has already put back-enough
i to make the number seventy-five. Then you have
j seventy-five captains already. There are fewer
, now upon duty than there "were then. There are
, probably twenty-five employed upon all services:
! about thhteen upon sea duty.
; 1 wish to call the attention of the gentleman
| fiom Virginia to one point. He said that these
! would not interfere with the promotion of other
j men. I take issue with him. You have now
j seventy-five captains, and you may by this reso-
| lution increase it to eighty. There cannot be
1 another captain made by the law as it now stands,
] until that number is decreased below sixty-eight,
i Now let us look to the list of commanders. Ac-
' cording to the Naval Register of 1837, the number
! of commanders of the Navy was ninety-six. Of
| these only fifty-nine were employed upon all ser-
vices; on sea duties nineteen, coast survey two,
: mail steamers two. And yet this has been swelled
1 up to one hundred and five already, and you pro-
; pose to increase it still more. And when you have
. done that, no man can be promoted to that posi-
| tion until the number is reduced belowninety-six.
I I wish to show you how it is that the action of
; these naval courts has increased the expenses of
1 the American Navy—already too great—by some
i fifty thousand dollars a year; and you propose to
! increase it still more. I have here a tabular state-
1 ment, showing the amount of expenses already
. added to the Navy. You will understand read-
ily how that increase has been made, without my
j reading the statement. Gentlemen have been
. taken from the dropped list and put upon the act-
1 lve-scrvice list, and other changes of a similar
nature have been made. I make the difference of
pay fiom fifty to sixty thousand dollars a year,
and you propose to make it greater.
But I see that my time has nearly expired. I
wish just to read an extract from a London paper.
I Gentlemen have said that no such proceeding as
' tms is known in any other country, it is the con-
stant practice in England for the Glueen, by order
m council, upon the recommendation of the Board
of Admiralty, to put men upon the retired list
whenever she pleases. A gallant admiral was
placed upon the retired list, and he complained.
The first lord of the Admiralty, (Sir C. Wood,) :
in reply, said: !
"The honorable and srulhnt admitnl opposite [Admiral ;
VT-Ucoftj complained of having been placed on the reserved !
Ito; but uule-s kouic mea-oire of that kind were adopted, '■
it would be mxpo-vibio to nd ot' that euoruious l^t of
captains and ci:lmiraN, which he agreed with ins honorable '
tnoud [Mr. William*] appealed in one sense a deceit. I-le !
did hk« u uii£ a lurd word, but he miut say that the !
public were di«gu=ted when they saw on the active list a
number of ofticeis who they knew eoaid not be, employed.
He thought, therefoie, that though the arrangement might
be grating to tiie feelings of some gallant gentlemen, it was
on the whole a wise measure; for without some Mich step,
it would be impossible ever toieduce the number of officers
to a proper amount. What was done was this. All officers
of the rank of captain, rising from the head of the hst, who
had served for a certain nuriiberof years specified, received
the rank of reserved rear-admirals, with the half-pay of ad-
mirals, rising in rank, but having no additional pay; and
this had had the effect of gradually reducing the list of cap-
tains "
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not rise to take part
in this debate at any length. I desire to bring this
debate to a close, and I rose for the purpose of
calling the previous question; but nevertheless,
inasmuch as I am upon the floor, I will barely say
that I do not agree with the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bocock,] who seems to think that no
further legislation is necessary I voted for the
origina, law, and I have no doubt it was a good
one. I think, however, that the manner in which
it was carried out was highly objectionable. I
never should have voted for it if I had supposed
that the persons retired or dropped would not have
had a hearing. I think the action of that board
required, for its defense,all the able and ingenious
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] could say
in its behalf.
I was one of the three-fourths majority of the
last Congress which passed an act to review the
decisions of that court. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland thought proper, the other day, to pass a
eulogy upon that board, and to say that the courts
of inquiry, organized under the law of the last
Congress, confirmed the wisdom and justice of
the decisions of the first board. I thought proper
to look into the correctness of that statement, and
I find there were one hundred and eight cases of
appeal to those courts of inquiry, all of which
were reviewed by them. Of these one hundred
and eight cases, sixty-two were reversed.
The gentleman says that they have been as gen-
erally sustained as are the judgments of inferior
courts in a court of appeal, and that we ought to
be satisfied. I do not know what the course of
judiciary proceedings may be in Maryland; but
in my State, if a judge was overruled in a major-
ity of the cases taken up from him on appeal, it
would not be considered a matter of great con-
gratulation on his part. Rabelais's judges used
to throw once for the plaintiff and once for the de-
fendant. That gave each party an equal chance.
If the board of fifteen had pursued this course,
they would have been right much oftener than
they were. It turns out that their decisions have
been overruled in nearly two thirds of the cases
which were taken up on appeal. I do not pro-
pose, however, to discuss the proceedings of the
board, or of the courts ofinquiry. I think that,
under the circumstances, both the laws were right.
The first law was necessary: but having been
so bunglingly executed, the second law became
proper.
Flow stands the case before us? I find, in look-
ing into the resolution, that the action of the Pres-
ident is limited to the forty-six persons whose
cases have been examined. I have no objection
to that. The only objection I really see to it is,
that it will impose upon the President a large
amount of labor; but the probability is, that, of the
forty-six, there will not be a great number who
will apply to him. If it be thought advisable to
intrust him with that discretion, I am willing it
shall be given to him.
I rose, Mr. Speaker, not to discuss the ques-
tion, but to ask the House to terminate this dis-
cussion. We are debating the question whether
we shall reconsider the reference to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. If
the motion to reconsider be carried, then we shall
have the resolution for discussion m the House;
and if not, then we can go into committee, and
debate it there. I appeal to gentlemen, then, in-
asmuch as the Speaker's table is crowded with
business, and the committees have not been called
for reports for weeks, that the House will close
this debate at this time. 1 took the floor to call
for the previous question;but my colleague [Mr.
Winslow] expresses a wish to address the House,
and I refrain from doing so in courtesy to him.
I hope, when he has concluded, the House will
take some course to bring us to a vote.
Mr. WINSLOW obtained the floor.
