1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2039
carried away by the Biitish force-, from the places and ter-
nt«ru"< of winch the rc-iuuiion wa*. stipulated b> the treaty,
in qmtt'ng the ^aid places and ternrone.*.
" Tliat the United States are entitled to consider as hav-
ing been so cai i icd away, all such sduves a^ ruaj have been
transported fiom the above-mentioned temtoner- oil lioaid
of tho Biiti-h versed- wnhm the waters of the -aid teruto-
nes. and who, fo> this reason. hate not been re-tored
" But that, if theie should be any American slaves who
were earned away iiom teuitonei, of whu h the arti-
cle of the treaty or' Ghent ha~i not ^ripnUted the restitution
to the United States, the United .States are not to claim an
indemnification foi said «iave^.
C£ The Emperor declines, be-idc*. that he is i eadyto ^Kcr-
cise the ofiiee of mediatm, which ha-, been conferred on
)ntu beloiehand by the two States, in the iiegotiat.au which
must en?ue between them in consequence of the award
which they have demanded."
The whole question in dispute was decided in
favor of the United States, and against the con-
struction given by Great Britain. In order to
carry into effect this award, on the 12th of July,
1822, another treaty was entered into between the
United States and Great Britain, with a view to
close the whole matter upon the basis of the
award. After reciting the award, the first section
of this last treaty (page 284) provides for the ap-
pointment of a board, consisting of two commis-
sioners and two arbitrators, one of each to be
chosen by each Power, and. for their oath, and the
manner of filling vacancies. Article two provides
for the manner of assessing by this board of the
average value for the slaves claimed to be em-
braced in the treaty. Article three provides as
follows:
" When the average value of slaves shall have been as-
certained and fixed, the twft^civ.nmi^ione: - =hall ron-titute
a boaid for the examination of the c'aims winch aie to be
submitted to therti. and they shall notify to the Secietary of
State of the United fcStaie? that they arc reody to icceivc a
d"finite h>r of the slave?-. and othei pin ate piopoitv.lor
ulncd) the c.iizen- of the United States claim indemnifica-
tion ; H being understood and heieby agieed that t'ns com-
mission .shall not take cognizance of. nor ic-ceive. find tnat
his Britannic Majesty shall not be required to make compen-
sation for any claims for puvate probity urides the li -t ar-
ticle of tile treat} ot Ghent, not contained m the s.iai li--t.:'
Difficulties still arose m executing the award;
and on the 13th of November, 1826, after having
been, like many other finalities, many times finally
determined, I believe it was really finally closed
up, so far as negotiations between the United
States and Gieat B'Jtam were concerncd. The
final convention is to be found on page 314 of the
same volume. The following are articles one and
two of this convention:
i: Art. I. Hi- Ma;s'=tv, the Kin? of the United Kingdom
of Gieat Britain and Iieland, agrees- to pay,and the United
States of America auree to receive, for the u«-e ot tne per-
«0!i> entitled to indemnification and coiiipeiHanoi' b*", n m •
of tho t-aid decision and convention, the ^um of jjL/SGi.L'G'),
anient money of the United States, in lieu of. and in >v.'.\
and complete!-ati5faetion for,all sums claimed or cPtnuaL-le
liom Gieat Britain, by an\ person or peitons what&oyvei,
undur the -aid decision and convention.
Art. IT. The object of the s.ud convention benvj thus
fulfilled, that convention is hereby declared to be canceled
anil an nulled,save and except the second article of th.j .-nine,
winch has nheadv been earned into execution by thecom-
ini-HO>ier< appointed under the '•aid convention, and sa\e
and except much ot the thud aiticle of the r*-* ic-
lat>:> to the definitive ii.-t of claim.-., and has ah eady htcewsso
been carried into execution by the said commission0.^."
So, we soe that this convention was intended
to be a substitute for the whole of the treaty of
July 12, 1322, except the reservations made in
art^le two, just read. By the rvpress terms of
that at tide, the provisions of the former treaty as
to the value of the slaves, and as to the " defin-
itive list" furnished by the Secretary of State,
were again affirmed. The definitive list of the
property for which Great Britain agreed to pay
over to the United Slates, in trust, some twelve
hundred thousand dollars, had been made out and
presented by our SeereUu y of State. This treaty
ixpressly provides that the provisions of the old
treaty m relation to this definitive list should con-
tinue in full force. It expressly confirms and rat-
ifies them; and i ask again the special attention
of the House to the provision so ratified:
c* When the average value of slave? shall have been as-
eeifuined and fixed, the two commis^ioneis shall constitute
a boaid hn the examination ol tae claims w hu.h_aic to be
.submitted to them, and they !■ hall notitv to the Secictaiy
< f State of the United Slates that they ate icady to leccive
a definite hst of the slaves, and other puvate propotty. ioi
viucii the citizens of the United States claim indemnifica-
tion ; it benui undeistood, and hereby asieed. tliat the coni-
1,1 >- ion s-hulI not take cogniz/mre ot. noi leeeivc. and that
In ■ litjknne."UiiuMv shall nor be reqtnod to make compen-
j uijii 50 anv elaim- io, private piopertv mulct t1)- t.utar-
>le <o'tie- ft^aiy of Ghent, not contained ni said n>r."
The United States, in the legislation winch be-
came necessary under the treaty of 1826, passed
an act, which is found in volume 4 of the Laws,
page 219. That act provides as follows:
"-Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted. That all records, doc-
ument*, and other papers, which were m possession of the
commissioners constituting the mixed commission under
the treaty of Ghent, so far as the same are under the control
of the Government of the United States, shall be delivered
to the commissioners under this act.
<( Sec. 4. Jln<l be it further enacted, That the said com-
missioners shall proceed immediately after their meeting in
the city of Washington, with all convenient dispatch, to
ariange and docket the several claims, and to consider the
evidence whieii shall have been, or winch may be, offered
by the le^pcctive claimant^, allowing such further time for
tile production of such further evidence as they may require
a-? they shall think reasonable and ju<-t; and they shall
thereupon proceed to determine the said claims, and to
award distribution of the said lurid among the several claim-
ants, according to theii respective rights.
" Sec. 5. Jhul he it further enactcd, That the said com-
missioners shall be, and they are hereby, authorized and
empowered to make all needful rules and regulations not
contravening the laws of the land, the piovisionsof this
act, or the provisions of the treaty and convention, for
cairymg tlieir said commission into full and complete ef-
fect."
It will be at once seen that this act is based en-
tirely upon the treaties, and does not go beyond
them. The act provides for commissioners, and
that the papers, eec., of the mixed commission
shall be delivered up to them; that the new com-
missioneis shall proceed " to arrange and docket
the several claims," and that they may make rules
not contravening " the provisions of said treaty
and convention.51 Prom what did they make their
docket5 From this " definitive list," clearly. The
United States had no power to go beyond it by
the terms of the treaties, and did not attempt to
do so. The commissioners, when they had con-
cluded their action, found thai there was a small
sum left, which these claimants are after.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have alluded to these laws
and treaties briefly, yet, I think, with sufficient
clearness that my points will be understood. In
the first place, there is no evidence before the
House that those persons, claimed to be slaves,
ever escaped. This bill comes before us, and is
now upon its passage, without inquiry, nnd we
are to vote upon it, unless the motion I have
offered for its reference prevail. We are called
upon to vote font without any inquiry whatever,
either in respect to the law or the facts of the
case. We have no evidence that any of these
claimants has even a shadow of a claim that any
one of these slaves ever escaped to the British
fleet; but, on the other hand, we may fairly pre-
sume that there is no evidence on the subject.
The report of the committee of the Senate shows
that, as to a large majority of these persons, there
! could be no specific evidence before them that they
! had escaped. The Senate committee reports, m
general, that they escaped some time during the
war; but, from the looseness of their report they
could have no clear and definite testimony on the
subject.
Alost of the gentlemen here are lawyers; and I
ask them what must be the character of tho evi-
dence that warrants only such loose and indefinite
conclusions* If these pes s« ns escaped to the Brit-
ish fleet theciaimants are able to show it—to show
the time when they escaped, and the circum-
stances under which they escaped. In regard to
one of the claims, the circumstances are given;
but in regard to the large mass of them, no cir-
cumstances whatever are' £iven; but merely those
loose declarations, that the slaves escaped " some
time during the war of Jbl'2." "We have no ev-
idence on tne suhp-ct; and YvVhout any substantial
fact on which we can iound an opinion, we are
asked to guess at facto, and to vote upon this bill
without any evidence whatever.
A°"ain, we have no evidence that they were car-
ried away after the signing of the tieaty; and X
call the attention of the House specifically to the
award of the Kmperor ot Russia, as well as to the
lano-uao-e of the treaty. Unless these persons were
carried away from the United States by the Brit-
ish forces, while they were lying m the waters of
the United States, after the lormation of the trea-
ty, it is not pretended or claimed by any person
that there is any c'aim whatever on the United
States for payment for those slaves.
Here is a trust fund. Great Britain, in pursu-
ance of her ooh^.Uions as mteipieted by Russia,
has paid over to us a fund m trust lor a specific
purpose to pay f<n persons who escaped to their
licet, and were earned away at a specific time, and
at no other time, and who had been embraced in
a specific list. And now we are called upon to
vote for payment for persons who may have been
carried away, if at all, as well before the treaty as
after. Not only that; but there is evidence on the
record, that some of these persons for whom
claims are made were carried away before, and
not after, the signing of the treaty. I said when
I first rose, that this was an old, stale claim. It
has often been before our committees, and I find
a report made upon part of this claim by the Com-
mittee of Claims, August 20,1822. Mr. Cowen,
from the Committee of Claims, made the report;
and without investigating any of the questions as
to whether these persons were embraced in the
definitive list, or as to whether there was evidence
of their escape, the claim was rejected on these
grounds:
<£ To bring a case for the detention of z.slave by the Brit-
ish within the rule of this article of the treaty, it must be
shown that the slave was, at the time of the exchange of
the ratifications of the treaty, in some place which, by said
tieaty, was to be restored to the United States, and then
occupied by the British force?. It is not enough to show
that property was taken by the British, and by them re-
tained, to establish a right to payment out of this fund. The
property must have been in the possession of the enemy, m
a place within the United States, at the lime of.the ex-
chanc° of the ratification of the treaty.
(i The pi oof in this case shows that the slave in question
went off with the British army in August, 1814, and that it
has not been returned ; but it is not shown where the slave
wa-i after that p,eriod. This fund belongs to a particular de-
scription of claimants It is not in the option of Congress
to divert it to other uses than those for winch it was re-
ceived. A sufferer whose loss is in one particular, but not
in orheis, within the piovisions of this article,has no more
ckum to compensation than any other person who suffered
b> the wrongful acts of the British forces during the last war
with Gieat Bntam, Without stopping to*nqmre whether
the comnmsio-n lor adjudicating claims arising under this
treaty has or has not expired, the committee recommend
the adoption or the following resolution :
"Resolved, That the petitioner is not entitled to relief."
Then, so far as this House possesses any basis
for action, we must vote down this claim. We
have the express finding of the Committee of
Claims, that, as to a portion of these persons,
they were not embraced in the treaty, because
there is no evidence that they were taken away
after the conclusion of the treaty. The bill itself
undertakes to recite some facts, but omits this
material one. The Senate report entirely ignores
it; and no man can furnish any evidence that can
bring the claims, in this respect, within the treaty.
Look to the Russian award: it is clear and ex-
plicit on this point, and there is not a shadow of
a claim for anything not carried away after the
treaty—" in quitting the places," &c.
Again, as you will recollect by referring to the
treaties with Great Britain on this subject which
1 have read, it was expressly provided m these
two separate treaties, and ratified by the United
States in the act of 1827, that the appropriation
of this money should be confined to the persons
who were embraced in a "definitive list." There
were two commissioners and two arbitrators on
behelf of Great Britain and the United States.
They fixed the value of the losses, and the com-
missioners were to adjudicate the claims. A def-
initive hst of the "slaves and other property" was
made out, and furnished to them by the Secretary
of State. The claims embraced m that list, and
none others, were to be adjudicated by those com-
missioners, and they undertook to pass upon
them; but finding difficulties in the way, Great
Bixtain, rather than have anything farther to do
in the matter,concluded to pay a gross sum; but
only on express condition that the money thus
paid should be held in trust by the United States
for the persons embraced in that list. By two
separate treaties the faith of the United States was
bound to appropriate tho money to those who
were embraced in that list, and to none others
whatevci. By the very terms of the treaty, all
that were not embraced in the list are expressly
excluded from all participation in the benefits of
the fund. The gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Taylor,] who reported a bill the other day, and
who carried it through the House, understood the
full force of the treaty, and ascertained, before he
piesumed to report the bill to the House, that the
pi operty to be paid for out of that same fund was
embraced m that list, and also that it was carried
away subsequently to the ratification of the treaty.
And now we are called upon to misappropriate a
fund. to act m bad faith, to act in violation ot the
treaties, and to appropriate the money to persons
who have no claim whatever to it; merely because
