2040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
the property claimed to have been carried away
consisted of slaves.
Mr. Speaker, when the gentleman from Louis-
iana, to whom I have referred, reported from the
Committee of Claims a claim for a vessel that was
carried away, he and his committee thought it
necessary to require proof that that vessel was
one coming within the terms of the treaty. He
found it necessary to show, in his report, that the
vessel was carried away subsequently to the rati-
fication of the treaty; also, that it was embraced
in the list, or this House would not have enter-
tained the claim for a moment. He did show it,
and the bill passed this House, and will, doubt-
less, pass the Senate. It came fairly within the
treaty, and was a just claim. And I will remark
here, that those who are pressing this claim will
get but little unless they can get this dishonest
claim i*n ahead of that honest one. If we pass this
bill now, such will be the effect of our action, for
the bill for the paying the just claim for thevessel,
hasnot yet,Ibelieve,passed the Senate; and if we
drive this through here to-day, we shall defraud
the honest claimant, and for the benefit of those
who have no claim at all.
Now*, sir, suppose you do appropriate this fund
in the manner proposed, and prove false to your
treaty obligations to Great Britain: what will be
your position as trustee? I do not know the
amount or the value of the property still remain-
ing on the list unpaid for. I know that there ate
claims for eight or ten thousand dollars on the
list, for other than slaves, which claims may be
honest, for aught 1 know. We have passed upon
one this session that was good. Others will doubt-
less be presented, coming withm the treaty, and
far more than enough to swallow up the pittance
there is said to be left. Now, if we give away
this money, in violation of the trust, in violation
of our treaty obligations, to those who are not
entitled to it, when these honest claimants come
forward with their claims, how will those who
are now pressing these claims meet them? Having
squandered the money, will they deny it to its
rightful owners? Will they tell them " we ha\e
paid over the money which Great Britain placed
into our hands for your use, for certain negro
slaves, not embraced in the list, because slave
property is so much higher and holier than all
other property; that the owners of the lost slaves
had a better claim than you, notwithstanding that
you were on thelistand that your claim was pro-
vided for, when theirs was not?" If we thus mis-
appropriate this fund, and violate our obligations
as trustee, shall we not be bound to provide for
these honest claims, not by an appropriation of
the money paid by Great Britain, under the pro-
visions of the treaty for the specific puvpo.se, but
by a dnect appropriation out of the Treasury of
the United States? I know not whether gentle-
men intend to initiate the policy in the United
States of paying for all the slaves who run away.
I do not believe that we have yet quite come to
that, that slave property is so much more sacred,
and so far above all other property, that it is enti-
tled to he paid for when lost in preference to all
otherpioperty. We have never yet voted 10 sanc-
tion such a principle as that. The former practice
was not to treat slaves as property, not to pay for
them whentakenforpublic use, but to regard them
as persons only. During this session, it is tiue,
we, or some of us, have voted, iivendeavoring to
enforce the Lecompton constitution, that slaves
aie property, like other property, yet that was a
great innovation. Bat none of us have heretofore
sought to place it above other property, to make
it so sacred that the United States should be com-
pelled to pay for it under circumstances when they
would not be called upon to pay for anything
which is property, by the common law and the
consent of Christendom. And yet, this bill does
all that. We cannot use a trust fund other than
for the cestui que trust, if we give the money to
others, it is a mere gift, and we aie still holden to
the beneficiary. So if we pay for the slaves, we
pay for them because they wereslaves. Our houses
burned, our cattle, ourgoods, our ships that were
taken by the enemy, are wholly lost to us, unless
embraced m the letter of the treaty. This, then,
is a bill to ofTijr a bounty to the ownership of
slaves, and it is nothing less.
As I said before, Mr. Speaker, I do not now pro-
pose to go into the inquiry as to whether we ought
to pay for slaves, even if they were embraced in
the treaty I am relieved from that inquiry. It
is now a simple question, as I understand the facts
in the case, whether we shall violate our treaty
obligations—whether we shall pay these persons
who are excluded from the provisions of the treaty.
It is a simple question whether we shall pay this
old, rotten, stale.claim, because it is a claim for
slaves, and not because it has merits, and that is
all the question there is in it; We are called upon
to vote it through without the usual reference, and
without knowing anything about it, except what
we learn from the records of the country, and are
able to find independent of the investigation of a
committee.
I stated at the outset, Mr. Speaker, that before
I took my seat I should move to refer the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary. I prefer to give
it that reference, because the inquiry embraces
grave matters of law. It is simply a question of
law. I understand that there is no dispute about
any question of fact. I understand that it is not
disputed that these claimants are excluded by the
terms of the treaty. It is not claimed that they
are on the definitive list," or that the slaves were
taken away by the British forces after the con-
summation of the treaty. All that the claimants
expect to prove is, that the slaves escaped to the
British forces, and were probably taken away by
them at some time or other; and we are not per-
mitted even to know that. We do not know
whether they died before the British fleet left, or
were sent off when they first escaped; or, indeed,
whether they escaped at all. A portion of the
claimsembraced in this bill have before been before
the Committee of Claims and been rejected; and
inasmuch as it involves the construction of trea-
ties, I now move that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, with the instructions which
I send to the Cleik's desk.
The Clcik read the instructions, as follows:
That said committee inquire, and when they make their
repoi t, the) lepon—
1. Whttliei the tieaty with Gieat Britain of February 12,
18-22, lor eanyinjj into effect the Russian awaid for payment
lor slaves that had been earned away by the ISritish tieet,
did not expressly define the compensation to be for those
contained m a definitive list" to be furnished by the See-
letary of c?tate, and whether the finding of the commission-
ers in said treaty provided, was not to be '• iinal and conclu-
sive'' a-s to the number, as well as value and owneislwp of
tin' slaves alleged to nave so absconded.
-2. VVhethei the convention oi'Novembei 13,18:26, held to
obviate the dithculties growing oat oi the said tieaty oi 18-2;i,
m pi ovid.n^ lor the pav meat by Great Bi itiuu of ,*201,5)60,
as lull compensation, did not expressly provide, that said
sum should be leceived by the United States for the use of
the peisow5! entitled to it by vniue of the awaid and said
treaty, and did nor uL-o expiessly keep in foice so much of
?=aid tieau ad confines the compensation to those embraced
m the delinuive list of looses winch had already been tur-
uishcd.
H. Whether the act of March 2, 1827, for cairymg into
effect this last convention, cud not also leeogmze tne obli-
gaiion* of the " provisions of said convention," and espe-
cially as peitaimng to said "definitive h&t," adding only
such claims as weie duly tiled with the rfecietary ot State,
and by him *• by mistake omitted to be placed on the defini-
tive list," as was his duty to do under tne tieaty.
4. "Whether any one of the slaves named m tins bill was
contained m taid"" definitive list," or so added by tho .Sec-
retary of State, and if not, whether, m the opinion of said
committee the pajment for these slaves vv pruv lued ior
by said treaty oi convention of 13*22, by said contention of
1^20, oi -aid act of 18:27. for cairying it into effect.
5. Whetnei any part, and what amount, or .'•aid sum so
paid by Great Britain i  still held for the Hoc of those whose
slaves wcip embiaced in said definitive island who are
entitled to it by said treaty ; also that they uport, as near
as can be ascertained, the whole expenses inclined by the
United States m piosecutinj paid claim for absconding
slaves so carried away in Oiit.sn vessels, and not paid ior
out of saui sum paid In Gieat Brifain. including all the ex-
penses of ne^'otiauncr the n eat if > or conventions concerning
the =amo, and procuung the awaid, and of tne commissions
provided ior in -aid treaty and act
6. Wiiethei theie i-- any satisfaetoiy evidence that the
f-lavos mentioned m said bi'l. and c-peci. ily the ten of toe
tiinteen who a e repi evented m the Senate rc-poi t as bavmi 
escaped some time during the war of 1812. (the time being
appaienth unknown,) ever escaped at ail to the Bntish
licet, or were seized by tne J riHsh forces; and ir'the> &o
escaped, or were taken, whether there is any satisfactoiy
evidence that thev were at any time carried away by said
fleet; and if so, v,-nether after the treaty of peace, and •• in
qu.ttin:.' t! o piac. s and territories of vv meh the uoaty of
Gnent stipulates the ie*titution to the United States," and
not beiote.
7. Whether all the claims m said definitive list have been
paid and adjusted ; wln'ther there uie not now bf-mg pros-
ecuted a^am-t the United State-, ciaim-5 loi propci t> taken
away by tne Ihni-di ti<-et, contrary to the treaty of Ghent,
as inletpirted by the ihupejoi of Russia, whi<Ji claim ■< are
embraced in tne h -t furnished under the t'eaiy ot Jidy 1-2,
1822, and the paj merit of winch is provided tor m, the con-
vention of November 1.5, 1^2t>: and whetner the appropria-
tion of the «aid fund to thn claim would not be m hand of
said cloimants, wnose chum? are so provided for.
Before the reading was concluded,
Mr. BLISS withdrew a portion of the manu-
script, and stated that it had been sent up by mis-
take.
Mr. GARNETT. The cat is out now. The
instructions had as well all be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
states that the portion which has not been read
was not designed as a part of the instructions.
Mr. GARNETT. I suppose the gentleman
has not the right to withdraw any ©f the instruc-
tions which have been read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has entire control over the instructions he has
offered, and has the right to withdraw them or
modify them as he may choose.
Mr. BLISS. If the gentleman wishes to hear
them all read, I have no objection whatever.
Mr. CLEMENS. Will it be competent for me
to call for a division of the question, so that it
shall first be taken upon the motion to refer, and
then upon the instructions?
The SPEAKER. A motion to refer with in-
structions cannot be divided. The gentleman can
only accomplish his object by moving to strike
out the instructions.
Mr. GARNETT. I shall try to be very brief
in what I have to say. I feel bound by my duty
to my constituents, some of whom are interested
in this bill, to reply to the attack which has just
been made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bliss.]
This is not the first tim§*this bill has come be-
fore Congress; it has been before committees of
the different Houses on several occasions, and has
invariably been reported on favorably. At the last
session of Congress it was reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affaits, and I heard of no mi-
nority report. It took its place upon the Calen-
dar, but was not reached during the session.
Now it comes from the Senate. It was there
reported by the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
adopted by a large majority of the Senate, and
sent to this House. 1 call the attention of the
gentleman from Ohio to the mistake he has fallen
into as to its present condition. After it came
from the Senate, and the House had reached inn
order on the Speaker's table, the elder gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] interrupted the usual
reference, and proposed to debate it. "While he
held the floor the House adjourned; and the rules
then placed it at the bottom of the business on the
Speaker's table. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bi.iss] stated that it was an engrossed bill on us
passage; but he was in error, it is not on its
passage, and has never been engrossed at all, as
it is a Senate bill. If I am wrong in these facts,
the Chair will correct me.
Before the motion made by the gentleman from
Ohio, and his speech upon "it, I was willing that
the bill should take the usual course, and be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. But
after the gentleman's speech and motion, I shall
ask that it may be put upon its passage.
Mr. BLISS. I ask if the bill does not stand
upon its passage ?
Mr. GARNETT. No, sir.
Mr. BLISS. I understood that the bill wis on
its passage when I moved to commit it to the
Committee on the Judiciary with instruction*.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman is mistaken
in the position the bill occupies before the House,
as he is in everything else. If it had not been for
that species of madness which renins to afu-ct the
gentleman, as well as the elder gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddin*gs,] whenever the subject of
slavery is involved, just as the approach of \\u?er
does a mad dog, he would have ascertained what
were the facts of the case, as well as the position
of the bill in the House, before he attempted to
make a speech upon it.
Now, sir, I proceed to discuss thef-e fact-s. What
are they ? The bill purpoits to be ? dividend nut
of the trust fund paid by Great Britain into the
Treasury of the United States, for slaves earned
away by the naval forces of Great Britain during
the last war. That is what the biH purpot ts to be.
The St note committee, in a leport which 1 now
have before me, stated that the cUims weie m
every ease established by the evuk-nce befun the
committee; that the slavey had been carried away
by the British during the war; that thoy were the
property of the claimants; and the values were
fixed by arbitration under the treaty with Bng-
