.1858.
r. —
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
h further. That any dropped officer who may be, in thcopin-
* ion of said court. ^*ritif].;d to be placed on the retired orfitr-
f lmichcd h-'t. may be thus piaced by the President, by and
■\ w.ili the adviee and con-sent of the Senate."
: ; There were one hundred and nine applications
; for relief to the courts ofniquiry; nine of these were
t withdrawn. On the final verdict thirty-three were
restored to the active list;and from thefmioughed
list, thirty-nine were advanced to the reserved list;
leaving only forty-nine of the number where they
were undcrthc decision of the naval board. Thus,
nearly two thirds of the decisions of that board
were overruled, and we have more than cause to
suspect that even a greater number of errors were
committed. Why, sir, when these men were sent
before the courts of inquiry, they werelooked upon
as if they had been applicants for place in the Na-
val Academy, or at West Point, and their char-
acters were put in issue as though they never had
been connected with the Navy. Notwithstand-
ing this, however, two thirds of the decisions of
the naval board were reversed.
What does the resolution contemplate? The
resolution upon your table, Mr. Speaker, pro-
poses to allow the President of the United States
to examine the records made up by the courts of
inquiry j and that where, in his opinion, the record
presents a case which entitles a party suffering
from the decision of a court to relief, that the Pres-
ident may recommend his appointment, subject
to the ratification of the Senate of the United
States. What mischief can ensue from the reso-
lution? In the first place, the President of the
United States revises the record, looks into all of
the facts, and, if he believes the judgment of the
court of inquiry was wrong, then he may nomin-
ate the party to the Senate. There the character
of the party undergoes an investigation; and if he
is morally, mentally, physically, or professionally
unfit, he will not be confirmed by the Senate. No
man pretends to vindicate the action of the naval
retiring board in trying these parties by no Saw
except that existing in their own bosom, and re-
sulting from their own imagination. There is no
record showing that action; and the only living
witness that such a board ever existed, is that
some two hundred and one men are abroad in the
land, branded with infamy by it.
It was said by thegentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bocook] that since the introduction of this meas-
ure into Congress, persons affected by the board
of fifteen, under the act of 1855, or by the courts
of inquiry, had haunted this* Capitol, and asked
for the passage of this resolution. Thegentleman
should remember that when the original act was
passed, the officers who have been benefited un-
der it were daily flocking around the Hall, and
they were not kept out. They took seats upon
the floor of the House of Representatives. They
constantly pressed the passage of the measure.
After they had polled the House, and ascertained
their strength, and knew that they could carry
the bill, it was passed without debate, under the
previous question. I happened to watch the ma-
chinery then at work, and it was operated by some
who wished to get rid of some honorable men,
that they themselves might be promoted. They
succeeded; and from that day to this, Mr. Speaker,
there has been a struggle here, and a struggle in
the Navy, and in every department of the Gov-
ernment, to correct the evil which followed. We
have been doing it, step by step, in changing the
act of 1855. We passed the act of 1857; but it
was inefficient to accomplish the entire work de-
signed. If we pass this resolution, then these
parties may have justicc done them; and justice
may be done to them without injury to the public
service.
Gentlemen have talked about putting these men
upon ships and sinking them with sound men. Is
it believed that the President of the United States
and the Senate, which is a coordinate branch of
the executive Government in regard to appoint-
ments, would indorse men with bad characters?
Is it believed that they would advise the restora-
tion of unsound men to the naval service? Why,
sir, the Senate is as competent to look into the
character of these men as a court of inquiry, the
members of which did not understand the first
principles of evidence—a fact which I could dem-
onstrate if I had the time to go into the records.
If a court examine into the skill of a medical man,
they will take the evidence of medical men: and
the only competent evidence of the skill or un-
skillfulness of a naval officer is that of men in the
same profession. But here rumors were taken
hold of, and old letters and charges were raked
up. The rubbish of ten or twenty years was
dragged into court to assail the character of these
men before tho courts of inquiry. The courts of
inquiry numbered one, two, and three. What
were they ? IIow do they stand ? Will gentle-
men say (hat they were competent to decide these
questions? No, sir. Some of them (I do not
know how many) were the recipients of the ben-
efits of the act of 1855; and to restore any of these
men was to affect themselves. They were incom-
petent, according to every principle of law; and
the great error, in my opinion, was that the Sec-
retary of the Navy selected men from the Navy,
instead of civilians having no personal interest in
the matter, to pass upon these questions.
But, Mr. Speaker, Secretary Dobbin, upon
whose report tho gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bocock] relies for authority, absolutely insisted
upon some remedial measure at the hands of Con-
gress for the benefit of these men. The gentle-
man from Vnginici, however, did not have the lib-
erality to read what was snid upon that subject;
but, lawyer-like, contented himself with reading
such pot tions of the report as suited his views,
and omitting to read the residue. What did Sec-
retary Dobbin say upon this subject? He said:
"j\nd while I can by no means recommend the adoption
of any measure of repeal, oi any course of pioceeding m
conflict with the general action of the bond, 1 iiave nodouuf
that theic Fliould be, and will be, found aiemcdy for any
nn-take or error of judgment, if the semce has > een de-
puved of a mentouous and capable oilieer, either by reser-
vation ordiopptng."
Now, sir, there was no record that tho Presi-
dent could review of the two hundred and odd
cases that were determined by the first board;
there was no evidence that the Secretary of the
Navy could look to to ascertain whether the board
had acted justly or not—none, sir: so that by ne-
cessity, frorn the very character of the law, and
the very character of the examination, the Presi-
dent of the United States had either to approve
the entire action of the board, or to reject it in
toto. The President could not lay his finger upon
one of those two hundred and odd men, and say
that he had been unjustly treated. There was no
record, no evidence: so that, as I said before, the
President had cither to approve or to reject the
entire action of the board; and he took the first of
these alternatives, and approved it, without know-
ing what he did approve. The law compelled the
President, in order to carry out this work of re-
form, to approve of the decision of the board of
fifteen upon the characters of all these men, with-
out knowing the basis of the action of that board.
But, sir, we have now got this thing in a tan-
gible shape. We have had a court of inquiry,
bad as it was—a court that allowed these men to
come in and put their own reputations in issue, on
the assumption that they had been disgraced, and
called upon them to bring in proof to prop up
those reputations. The ordinary legal rule is,
that every man is presumed to be innocent until
the contrary appears; but these men were, from
necessity, brought before the court upon the as-
sumption that they were all* incompetent, from
moral causes, or from some mental defect, or some
physical infirmity, or because they had disgraced
themselves professionally. Well, now, from this
court we have a record—a record in sixty-nine
cases—and I submit, in fairness and justice, to
this House,if itis not right and proper and sound
legislation that we should allow the President to
review these records, and wherever, in his opin-
ion, injustice has been done, to recommend the
restoration of the officer, subject to confirmation
by the Senate, even though it may increase the
expenses of the Government? We have been
told by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bo-
cock] that §50,000 has been added to the ex-
penses of the Navy by the restorations which
have already taken place under the action of the
courts of inquiry of 1857. Now, sir, the gentle-
man ought to have turned to the other side of tho
account. How much money, I would ask, has
been spent m trying to redress the wrongs of these
men? I venture to assert that the misstep ot the
Naval Committee, and the improper action of the
Thirty-Third Congress, under the, in my judg-
ment, very bad recommendation of the Secretary
of the Navy, has cost this Government millions
of doliuis. It will not do for gentlemen to say
that it was sound legislation, and that the Navy-
required reform. The action of the naval board,
the recommendation of the Secretary of the Navy*
and the legislation of the Thirty-Third Congress,
have been put on trial before the American peo-
ple, and they stand condemned, and will so stand
to the end of time. Millions of the public money
have been spent in order to redeem the broken rep-
utations and crushed spirits of these men who have
thus been trampled upon by unjust legislation, and
by the interference of officers in the Navy who
desired to make way for their own future promo-
tion.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that this Navy bill of
1855 was the result of a fundamental error in tho
legislation of this whole country. This, sir, is
a Government of clerks. Edicts arc issued at the
Departments; and, through the rules of this House
organizing yourcommittees,the legislative power
of this country is paralyzed, and the true repre-
sentative character of members upon this floor is
stricken down. You are trammeled at every step
in your legislation by the complication of your
rules. Under the custom and habit which pre-
vail here, the members of the committees write
to and receive letters from the Departments, which
are manufactured by clerks there, no one know-
ing what outside influences are brought to bear
upon them; and the edicts of these clerks arc car-
ried out here sometimes by the force of party drill
of whichever party may lie in power; and hence
our legislation has become vitiated at every step.
It is a great evil in this country; and this act of
1855 will stand as a monument of the error, of
the wrong, and of the mischief done by looking
to the Departments to see what is our duty to the
country. Sir, I hope the time will come when
the attention of the people of this country will
be callcd to it, and that they will see to it that
this iniquitous system of legislation is broken
down.
We have got too many bureaus. This bill of
1855 emanated from some bureau or other. But
the mischicf has been done. Shall we apply the
remedy? The patient is sick; we want the med-
icine applied; and it is found in the resolution. I
know but one or two officers in the Navy. I do
not want to know officers; all I want to know is
that they do their duty. So long as I have a seat
on this floor, I shall not stop to inquire who or
what a man is, or where he came from. I will
put him on trial upon the same process as I claim
for myself. I will try him by no other rule; and
as I would have justicc measured out to me under
the law, so I will give it to the humblest member
of society, in any part of the Union. Talk about
the Administration ! I do not look upon this as
an Administration measure or as an anti-Admin-
istration measure. I do not know what political
feelings any of those men who seek to be restored
have. 1 do not want to know. But I want to
give all of them the right to go before tho court of
appeals—as it has been termed—before the Pres-
ident of the United States, and have their cases
reviewed. And if injustice or wrong has been
done to them, let the remedy be applied; let their
name and reputation be relieved from the cen-
sure and odium put upon them, and let the men
be restored to their position.
Men who have been educated in the Army or
Navy are, as we all know, from their training and
habits, entirely unfit for other business. What
do they know about any other business than that
which they were taught to understand from their
youth up? Gentlemen say, if we pass this reso-
lution, we may restore forty-nine officers to the
Navy. Suppose we do, Mr. Speaker?^ If it is
right, put the whole of them back, though it should
cost the Government fifty or one hundred thou-
sand dollars. If forty-nine of these men stand
condemned unjustly by the unrighteous decision
of a court, organized as these courts were organ-
ized, under the acts of 1855 and 1857, let them be
restored to their good name and to their former
position. But I take it for granted that there are
very few of these men who will be restored. I
have seen the applications of two or three, that
have been prepared, in the event of the passage
of this resolution. I know but few who intend
to apply; and, looking at the records of their par-
ticular cases, I am satisfied that they are entitled
to the remedy provided by this resolution, and
that an act of injustice will be done by Congrot^i
if it does not pass it. In the other branch of Con-
