2042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
May 10,
statute—-the twelfth section—to which I intended
to refer when I was on the floor, and which is as
follows:
" That all claims which were deposited in the Depart-
ment of State, and by mistake omitted to be placed on the
definitive list delivered to the former commissioners, shall
be, and are hereby, required to be added thereto ; and the
said claimants shall be entitled to the same rights and ben-
efitsasif such claims had been placed on the said definitive
lis Mn terms of the third aiticleofthe convention concluded
at St. Petersburgh, on the 12th day of inly, 1822.'*
Showing that none were to be docketed but such
as were on the list, and Such as were by mistake
omitted to be put on the list.
Mr. GARNETT. I am happy that the gen-
tleman has called my attention to that particular
section, because if gives the last blow needed to
demolish his own argument. He said that we
we were bound, in good faith to Great Britain, to
admit no claim not contained in that definitive list.
I answered by showing that the treaty annulled
any stipulation between us and Great Britain as to
the definitive list, and that the United States alone
were to determine upon and adjudicate the claims
presented. He tells me I construe the treaty
wrongly; and he refers to a cotemporarv statute,
which statute expressly declares that claims shall
be admitted which were not-on the definitive list,
and of which Great Britain had no notice.
Mr. BLISS. The gentleman will remember
that this definitive list was to be furnished by the
Secretary of State out of the files of claims m his
office; and the gentleman will recollect that, in
making out that list, certain claims which were at
the time on file were, by the fault of our own Sec-
retary of State, omitted.
Mr. GARNETT. Well, is the gentleman's
friend, Great Bntain, to suffer fot the faultof our
Secretary of State ? The gentleman has repre-
sented that our obligations of good faith to Great
Britain required that we should pay nothing but
what is on the definitive list; and yet after thathe
tells us that there are other claims on file in the
office of the Secretary of State, which were not
put on the list; that it was the fault of the Secre-
tary of State that they were not put there; and
that, therefore, the claimants ought not to suffer.
I grant that, but it destroyshis argument thatthe
definitive list was a matter of good faith between
us and Great Britain. Surely Gteat Britain is not
to suffer for the laches of our Secretary of Stater
Surely, if we are bound in good faith to adhere to
the definitive list and not to go beyond it, the gen-
tleman has no right to turn round and say that we
will admit other claim? because our Secretary of
State overlooked them,and neglected to put them
on the definitive list? Sir, this whole matter rests
upon plain provisions of common sense and hon-
esty. Great Britain agreed to pay us a certain
sum if we would release her from all these claims
and settle them amongst our own citizens. We
accepted her offer of $1,204,000, and undertook
to settle the claims of our own citizens. When
we did that we opened the door. Wc said: Ictall
who have claims come forward and prove them
by just and fair evidence; if the claims are honest
and just we will pay them as far as the money
goes, and no further. That was the position we
took; and what has been the result r The result
has been that part of the money still remains m
yourTreasury. Theresulthas b<:enthat^4,112 89
of that trust money remains in our hands, and we
are using it; we are enjoying it. Now, Great
Britain took these slavesaway, and the claimants
m this bill suffered from the loss of them. Tiiat
money is the price of those sla\es, paid by Great
Britain into yourTreasury as the ti ustee, and you
have no more right to it than you have to the
money that stands to the account of any member
of the House in the Sergeant-at-Arms' office.
Mr. BLISS. If the gentleman will pardon me,
I desire to correct him as to a matter of fact. We
have just paid $2,01)0 of that $4,000 for a ship that
was on the definitive list.
Mr. GARNETT. The gentleman has been
mistaken about so many facts that I prefer to take
the report of the Senate committee as evidence,
rather than his statement. But this bill does not
piopose to pay anythmgexcept out of the $4,000.
If does not charge the Treasury at aii. It ac-
knowledges these claims, and undertakes to pay
t ««.m out of the trust fund. If there is not a cent
ot that fund left, then the claimants will not eet
a cent, if there are only ten dollars left they will
get but ten dollars. If there is $4,000 left, they
will be paid to that extent, and to that only. The
claims amount to $3,750, which is less than the
amount of the trust fund remaining in the Treas-
ury on the 5th of January last. If, as the gentle-
man says, the whole fund is gone in the payment
of claims, why, then, this bill does no harm, be-
cause, under this bill, the claims are not to be
paid except out of the trust fund. I repeat, it
does not propose to pay them out of the general
Treasury.
Now, what further objections are made to these
claims? It is said that they were not presented
to the board of commissioners. But here is evi-
dence to show you that the claims are just; that
the slaves were carried off by the British, and that
they were the property of the claimants. Here
is evidence also to show why the claimants did
not apply sooner.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Virginia if these claimants, supposing
the fund to be exhausted, could not come next year
and ask us to pay them out of the Treasury ?
Mr. GARNETT. That will be a question for
the gentleman to settle with his own conscience.
I beheve he votes for the French spoliation bill.
It is a question for him to settle between his con-
science and the claimants. But as you have the
trust money in the Treasury, paid into it for their
benefit and not for yours, you should pay them
their own money, and nothing more. That is all
they ask of you, and it is sufficient to argue one
question at a time. It is proved that the prop-
erty of these claimants was carried off by the
British in the late war. This is not disputed. It
has been valued in the mode prescribed in the
treaty. They come forward now and ask you to
pay them out of the money received into your
Treasury for that purpose and that alone, and you
cannot setup any subterfuge, any legal technicali-
ties, against these honest claims. You can not deny
them, unless you take the ground which, I be-
lieve, the elder gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
dijjgs] does take, that you will not pay out any
money from the Treasury, even as trustees, no
matter how it came there, if the claim is for slaves.
If the gentleman was trustee under a will or deed,
and, in the execution of the trust, money from
slaves came into his hands, and the parties enti-
tled to the slaves came forwaid to claim it and
demand payment, would the gentleman settle the
trust and pay the money, or would he keep it in
his pocket for his own use ? I should like to know
what would he his course m such an event?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will only say that if they
were Democrats, I would pay them the full value.
Mr. GARNETT. Very well; here are Demo-
crats. One, at least, of these claimants, is the
Democratic Governor of Virginia.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Well, I would pay him his
full value.
Mr. GARNETT. I really do not understand
the gentleman's answer. I should like a definite
answer.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The member from Virginia,
in the commencement of his remarks, spoke of
hydrophobia manifested hy my junior colleague,
[Mr. Bliss,] and myself, and other mad dogs. I
intended to answer the gentleman in some degree
commensurate with that unkind, ungentlemanly,
and cowardly remark.
Mr. GARNET i\ Sir, I feel that a man who ;
has distinguished himself throughout his whole i
life by the blackness of his heart and the violence {
of his sentiments—[loud cnes of " Order!"]—a j
man who has been guilty of treason against his .
country and against his God [Renewed cries
of " Ord'-r ! "] !
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must not
indulge m personalities.
A Member. The personalities commenced on
the other side.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
made a personal reflection which was not m '
order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I withdraw it, sir.
Mr. GARNETT. Sir, the member from Ohio
occupies a position, by his age and his infirm-
ities 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
rose in his place and withdrew the offensive re-
mark. ;
Mr. GIDDINGS. I withdrew the remark, not
with any reference to the member from Virginia,
but because I believed the House understood that t
I appreciated the member, and I had no wish to
insult the House.
Mr. GARNETT. Sir, I have nothing to re-
tract.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Neither have I, sir.
Mr. GARNETT. The member from Ohio is
sheltered by his physical condition, and he has
long since placed himself beyond the notice of
gentlemen. I was saying, that as I understood
the position of the elder member from Ohio, if he
were a trustee, and held money derived from the
sale of slaves, he would not pay that money to
the cestui que tmst, but would keep it for his own
purposes. This money was paid into your Treas-
ury as a trust fund, to indemnify the owners for
the loss of slaves taken by the British Govern-
ment—paid to satisfy these very claims. The
justice of these claims was acknowledged by the
greatapostle of abolitionism, John Q,uincyAdams
himself. In his letter written to Mr. Monroe on
the subject, he says:
" Our object was the restoration of all property, including
slaves, which, by the usages of war among civilized nation*,
ought not to have been taken. All private property on &iiore
was of that description. It was entitled, by the laws of na-
tions, to exem ption from captui e. Slaves wei e private prop-
erty. Loid Liverpool said that lie thought they could not
he eonsideted preci-sHy under the general denomination of
pnvate property: a table or chair, for instance, might be
taken and restored without changing its position ; but a liv-
ing and human being was entitled to other considerations.
I replied that the treaty had marked no such distinction ;
the words implicitly recognized slaves as private property m
the article alluded to—4 slaves ovother private property.'
That is the doctrine of John Gluincy Adams.
And when, in your negotiations with a foreign
Government, on arguments like this, you have
received into your Treasury large sums of money
as a trust fund, it is for the House to say whether
they can honestly or honoiably refuse to execute
the trust, and pay over the fund to its owners, on
the ground that slaves cannot be held as property.
Such a position is perfectly consistent for the gen-
tleman from Ohio. He withdrew a partof'the
instructions he moved to the Committee on the
Judiciary, but enough was read to indicate the
true motive of his opposition to the bill—that
he opposed it because it provided indemnity for
slaves. I read the suppressed parts while they'
were on the Clerk's desk, and found that he puts
us upon a par with heathen and pagan nations,
and tells us that it is a disgrace to a civilized as:e
that we should pay any claims arising out of the
loss of slaves.
Let gentlemen on all sides of the House see
where this doctrine will lead us. This is no ques-
tion of power between the different sections of the
Union. It is not a question whether you will suffer
slavery to exist in the Territories, or whether
you will admit another slave State. It is Pimply
whether slave property—already here, already
within one of the States—property recognized as
such by the Constitution, and recognized as such
by all men in every section of the Union, except
a few of the most fanatical Abolitionists—is enti-
tled to protection against foreign enemies and the
perils of war? When you go to war with Great
Britain, or any other foreign Power, will you
place the property of the southern Slates at the
mercy of the enemy, without protection, or will
you extend to it the same protection which is
afforded to the property of others against the for-
eign Power? That is the question. The Presi-
dent and Cabinet in 1814 recognized the principle.
Mr. Monroe recognized it. John Glmncy Adams,
the then Secretary of State, acknowledged it when
he argued that, slaves cai ried away bvthe BriLsh
forces during the war should be placed upon ihe
same footing with other property. The Emperor
of Russia, as arbiter, acknowledged the justice
of the claim, and Great Biitain confessed it by
paying the money into the Treasury, to be dis-
tributed amongst the claimants, as this Govern-
ment might think proper. That fund has not yet
been exhausted. And now all that these claim-
ants ask is that you will pay them this money,
which is not yours, but which is theirs.
I believe the ordinary course would be for this
bill to go to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and I should have no objection to that reference
now but for the position which this question has
assumed. But, sir, I want to see how many m« n
m this House will vote to refuse the protection of
the Government to the southern States in time of
war; whether, while the property of other por-
tions of the Union is protected with the whole
