2044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I appeal to
the gentleman from Ohio to withdraw that mo-
tion.
Mr. WADE. I do not withdraw the previous
question; and I hope the House will second it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope the
House will not second it. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marshall,
of Kentucky, and Wade were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 68, noes 60.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be taken.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. 1 desire to have entered
a motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
regulating the right of suffrage in the Territories
■was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has no right to call for action on the motion
now; but the gentleman from Tennessee has a
right, under the rules, to have the motion to re-
consider entered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
lay the pending bill, in relation to the liabilities
of shipowners, on the table; and on that I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn. t
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr STEVENSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clemens
and Waldron were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-eight, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at thirteen minutes after four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 11, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. E. Kingsford, D. D.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
bill and joint resolution; and they were signed by
the Vice President:
An act (H. R. No. 62) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th June, 1859; and
A resolution (S. No. 4) to extend the operation
of the act approved January 1G, 1857, entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy.' "
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KING presented the petition of Gideon J.
Tucker and four hundred others, citizens of New
York, praying for the passage of a law to prevent
all further traffic in, and monopoly of, the public
lands of the United States, and that they be laid
out in farms or lots of limited size, for the free
and exclusive use of actual settlers only; which
was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. BELL presented a petition of E. T. Pey-
ton, praying for compensation for performing the
duties of Secretary of Legation in Chili; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. B1GLER presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, praying
for protection to American labor engaged in the
manufacture of iron; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of William Flem-
ing, in behalf of himself and others of the marine
artillery who served in the war of 1812, praying
Congress to allow them pensions for that service;
which was referi ed to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr JONES presented a petition of J. W. Den-
ison, praying1 for the establishment of a mail route
from Toledo, m the State of Iowa, to Decatur, in
the Territory of .Nebraska; which was referred
to the Committee oil the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented a petition of Noah
H. Phelps, remonstrating against the confirma-
tion of the title to a certain tract of land to the heirs
of Pierre Broussard, contemplated by the bill of
the House of Representatives No. 211; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
He also presented a petition of Henry M.
Fleury, praying for the enactment of a law au-
thorizing him to prosecute his claim against the
United States to a certain tract of land*, which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition of citizens
of Kent county, Maryland, praying for the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Smyrna, in Dela-
ware, to Chestertown, Maryland; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. PEARCE. I am requested to present a
memorial of the managers of the Maryland Insti- i
tute, urging the passage of the bill for the distribu- |
tion of public lands among the States for the pur- j
pose of endowing colleges for the education of the
industrial classes. As the bill to which this me-
morial refers has been reported by the proper
committee, I move that the memorial He on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY presented a petition of officers
of the Navy attached to the Pacific and Home
squadrons, praying that the pay of the officers of
the Navy may be increased; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of Captain R.
B. Cunningham, of the Navy of the United States,
praying that the pay of the officers of the Navy
may be increased; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD. I present a memorial of mer-
chants of New York, relative to the compensation
of the New York and Havre Steamship Company,
for the transportation of the mails between New
York and Havre, via Southampton, during the
year ending June 1, 1859. The memorialists pray
that the sum of §162,500 may be appropriated as
compensation for thirteen round trips, to be per-
formed by the New York and Havre Steamship
Company, from the 1st of June, J35£| to the 1st
j, of June, 1859, provision being made that the com-
, j pany shall agree to perform the service at the same
rate of compensation from year to year, for a pe-
,! riod not exceeding ten years, and that the differ-
;! ence between the sum of $162,500 and the amount
jj actually accruing from postage, sea and inland,
j. from the 1st of June, 1857, to the 1st of June,
11 1858, be paid to the New York and Havre Steam-
i| ship Company, in further compensation for the
I thirteen round trips performed by the company
from the 1st of June, 1857, to the 1st of June,
1858. I move that the memorial be refeired to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of George
! W. Riggs, James C. McGuire, W W. Corcoran,
; William B. Todd, and others, citizens of the city
of Washington, praying that provision may be
made for the erection of a new jail for the District
of Columbia in a more suitable locality; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. POLK presented three petitions of citizens
of Missouri, praying that the land office at St.
Louis may be continued, and that the land offices
about to be closed under authority of law may be
consolidated at St. Louis; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Mrs. Jane Turnbull, widow of Colonel W. Turn-
bull, of the United States topographical engineers,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr.CLAY,from theCommittee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the petition of Bowne &
Curry, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom ;
was referred the memorial of Beverly Dlggs, sub- !
mitted an adverse report; wluch was ordered to ■
be printed. j
He also, from the same committee, to whom i
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 31) au- !
thorizing the Secretary of War to expand the '
appropriation made July 8,1856, upon such chan-
nel of the St. Mary's river as he may select, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 6) to con-
tinue the pension heretofore granted to Katharine
M. Hamer, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of Hannah Thompson, a
petition of Sarah M. Smead, a petition of Louisa
Merrill, a petition of Elizabeth Monroe, a peti-
tion of Mary Walsh and others, and a memorial
of Catharine Denny, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration, the cases being cov-
ered by a general bill already reported by the com-
mittee. ♦
Mr. FOSTER. I wish to give notice that 1
shall ask the consent of the Senate to-morrow,
during the morning hour, to take up the bill re-
ferred to by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Pensions, which was reported some fort-
night ago, being a bill to continue half pay to
certain widows and orphans; which has been on
the tables of members smce that time.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Catharine
Dickerson, and the resolution of the Legislature
of Iowa in relation to the pension of Catharine
Dickerson, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 326) for the relief of Catharine Dick-
erson. The bill was read,and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 100) to revive an act entitled " An
act for the relief of the heirs or the legal repre-
sentatives of William Conway, deceased,'' re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of P.
S. Duval & Co., submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 331) for the relief of P. S. Du-
val & Co. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading, and the report was otdered to be
printed.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Joseph Haynes, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the additional papers in relation to
the claim of Captain John Pickell, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 328) for the
relief of John Pickell, late lieutenant in the Uni-
ted States Army. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
-to be printed.
Mr. POLK, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Stephen R.
Rowan, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 230) for the relief of Stephen R. Rowan.
The bill was read, and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom were referred documents relating to the
claim of Rachel Morey, for a pension, reported
adversely thereon.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the petition
of Anton L. C. Portman, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 332) for the relief of
Anton L. C. Portman. The bill was read and
passed to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
327) to affirm certain entries of land in tne State
of Louisiana; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by u nanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 32')) to
authorize augmented rates for surveying the pub-
lic lands in the Territory of Washington; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
INDIAN BUREAU.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
