958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
is that he has been deprived of it by the judgment
of a court-martial. Then, when Congress directs
it to be paid to him, it certainly is a dir,ect inter-
ference with, and overturning of, that judgment.
Is that within our power ? I think not.
I submit, Mr. President, that the very fact that
this is not a large amount constitutes a reason for
the careful consideration of the subjcct to-day.
You may settle a great principle much better when
the amount involved is small than when it is large.
A court, of competent jurisdiction, by its judg-
ment deprives a man of his pay for two years and
a half on account of offenses against the servicc.
Congress steps in and refunds him the money.
What has been the effect of the trial ? Suppose
the only judgment that had been passed was to
deprive him of two and a half years' pay, and
Congress refunds it, I ask, again, what is the ef-
fect of the judgment? Nothing. The President
had the power to remit the entire sentence. Upon
a careful consideration of the case, he decided that
he would do no more than remit the remainder of
the sentence, and shorten the time of suspension;
that that was all that mercy required at his hands.
Now Congress is called upon to remit the re-
mainder, and it is sought to modifyit sufficiently
by declaring that this is not to be construed as
passing any opinion upon the propriety of the
judgment. Why, sir, you cannot attach to it any
such condition. You are obliged to say that the
judgment was wrong; or else upon what ground
do you remit the sentence and pay the money?
These are,as briefly as I could state them, the in-
surmountable objections which occur to my mind
on the reading of this bill. So far as this officer is
concerned I do not desire, even by inference, to be
understood as saying aught against him. Person-
ally, to me he is an entire stranger. His history in
his younger days is not a stranger to me, nor I to it.
He has done good service to his country; but so
has many another man, who finally committed an
offense against the laws of his country, and been
punished for it. That seems to be this case, and
it appears to me to be beyond our power to fur-
nish him any remedy.
Mr. MASON, Mr. President, I am glad to
find that the honorable Senator from Michigan
has, on one occasion at least—I do not know that
it has been my good fortune, since I have been
associated with him, to know of any other—ex-
hibited an inclination of his mind to a strict con-
struction of the Constitution; because I under-
stand it is on constitutional grounds altogether
that he opposes this bill, i have known instances
where it has been the conviction of my mind that
the Constitution has been subjected almost to law-
less violence under construction placed upon it by
that honorable Senator. But 1 think, in the pres-
ent instance, he has failed to show, to any extent
whatever, that the proposed action of Congress in
appropriating this money for the purpose designed
by this bill, interferes even in a technical form with
the requirements of the Constitution.
The honorable Senator says that the court hav-
ing competent authority imposed, as a part of the
punishment upon the officer, that he should be
suspended from active service for live years, and
deprived of pay for half that time. The Senator
reasons upon the Constitution, that none but the
President, having the pardoning power, can, in any
manner,directly or indirectly, affectthat sentence.
J do not trace the intervention of the President to
the pardoning power at all; but if I did, I should
think the honorable Senator wottld equally be at
fault in his aigument. The Constitution of the
United States declares only that the President
shall have power to grant reprieves and pardons;
and so far us clemency is concerned, the whole
power is embraced in that phrase, " to grant re-
prieves and pardons." But the Constitution also
says that Congiess shall have power to prescribe
rules for the government of the Army and Navy,
of which the President is made Commander-in-
Chief. The exact language is, " to make rules
for the government and regulation of the land and
naval forces.,J Congress lias exercised that power;
Congress has declared the mode m which military
offenses committed m either branch of the mili-
tary service, the Army or Navy, shall be exam-
ined into by military courts; and Congress has
vested in the President the powfT of revisal over
their judgment, as the Commandei-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy. The sentence of the court, be
it what it may,has no effect at ail under that law
until it is approved by the President. If the Pres-
ident approves it, it is to go into effect; if he dis-
approves it, it is null. That power is under the
law, as T should take it, prescribing rules for the
government of the Army and Navy.
Now, what is the present case? The court
martial upon Commodore Jones decided that he
should l«e suspended for five years, and two years
and a half of that time without pay. I have not
j examined the law prescribing the mode m which
t courts-martial shall be constituted, nor the whole
j question of the power that is given to the Presi-
: dent to affect the sentence of the court; but I am
j very confident that part of the power is to declare
j the judgment null if he shall think proper, and it
! has no effect until he approves it; but in the pres-
ent case the President approved the sentence of
the court, and it went into effect.
Perhaps I am wrong (for I have been present-
ing this case only as it occurred to my mind) in
supposing that the power to remit the sentence
resulted from the rules prescribed by Congress
for the government of the Army and Navy, and
it may be that it is to be traced to the pardoning
power. But, be that as it may, that the Presi-
dent possessed the power which he interposed in
this instance, I presume even the honorable Sen-
ator does not question; he has not questioned it
in his argument.
Mr. STUART. I stated that he had it.
Mr. MASON. Very well. Pie possessed the
power. How did he exercise it ? He approved
the sentence in the firstinstance, andallowed it to
go into effect; and the officer was deprived of his
command and his pay. After the sentence had
gone into effect, and had its operation for a certain
period—I do'not remember exactly what, nor is it
very material—the President interposed the power
which he undoubtedly possessed from some quar-
ter—not to set aside the judgment of the court; he
had approved that; the day had gone by in which
he could declare the sentence null and \oid; but
he interposed the executive power to remit the
further execution of that sentence as far as the
executive power extended. IIow far could it ex-
tend ? The judgment of the court was a part of
the law of the land; and under that law of the
land the money, which would have been payable
to the officer for his compensation, was withheld
at the Treasury and remained there; unappropri-
ated money, beyond all question. Whether it was
for one year or two years, or the whole term of
two years and a half, I do not now recollect, nor
is it material; but, for whatever peiiod, the money
withheld by that judgment of the court was with-
held by lawful authority, and remained in the
Treasuryunappropriated,and remains there now.
Why? Because, by competent, lawful authority,
any previous appropriation of it to pyy this officer
was repealed and revoked by the sentence, it re-
mained in the Treasury, therefore, unappropriated
money.
Now, the honorable Senator says it was in the
power of the President, if he thought proper to do
so as the only revisory power of a court-martial,
to remit the whole penalty. If he means by that
assertion that it would be in the power of the Pres-
ident to make his interposition retroactive, and by
that to require of the Treasury to pay out this
unappropriated money to the officer, I question it
entirely. He could not make it retroact: he could
not affect money that remained in the Treasury
unappropriated; he did all that he could do in re-
vising the judgment of the court; he had before
approved it; he had allowed it to take effect; but
from considerations which opeiatcd on his mind
as the Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy, and for the good of the public service, it is
to be presumed—I doubt not properly exercised
in this instance, without revising or annulling the
judgment of the court—he remitted the penalty
in favor of the officer. Now, I should think the
President, in doing that, has shown that, to the
extent of his power, this act of interposition was
called for by the circumstances of the case. He
exhausted his whole power in remitting the un-
expired term; but he could not callback the money
which had been cutoff from the officer by the sen-
tence of the court-martial which became a part of
the law of the land.
The honorable Senator says that to pass this
bill would be to disapprove and to annul, by the
action of Congress, the sentence of the court.
Why, Mr. President, would it not be competent
for Congress to remit a fine which had been im-
posed by a court of justice on any offender against
the laws? Suppose an offense is committed to
which a pecuniary penalty is annexed, as is often
the case—the laws frequently punish offenses by
pecuniary fines, mulcts. Suppose, under such a
law, a fine is imposed; it is collected from the de-
linquent, and paid into the Treasury; the law has
had its full effect; the whole penalty has been
paid: does anybody doubt the power of Congress,
if circumstances are presented showing that there
were reasons, either in regard to former charac-
ter or public considerations, that should lead them
to remit that penalty by refunding the money, to
do it, leaving the judgment of the court utteily
unaffected, standing precisely as it did before such
an act was passed ? Is not that the same propo-
sition here ? The sentence of the court has been
carried into effect, except so far as the President
remitted it; it has made its visitation on this offi-
cer, and a very heavy visitation it was. What
is asked by the officer now is, that Congress will
interpose to do what the President was unable to
do—to refund to him the money withheld and now
in the Treasury unappropriated, and which would
have gone to his pay, but for the sentence of the
court. The terms of the bill, I think from abund-
ant caution, and abundant caution only, provide
that there shall be no misconstruction of it to be
drawn into precedent hereafter. It directs that
the accounting officers of the Treasury shall allow
to Captain Jones the pay of which he was de-
prived by the decision of a court-martial in 1851.
In my judgment, that could never be drawn into
precedent as an assumption of authority in Con-
gress to revise or disapprove the judgment of a
court; but to save that, the committee have intro-
duced this proviso:
" That this act is not to he construed as an expression of
opinion upon the organization, conduct, or decision of said
couit."
Mr. President, the officer (Captain Jones) for
whom this bounty is intended—for it is a bounty
on the part of Congress; it is a gratuity on their
part; he can derive it only from the interposition
of Congress, which has the power of appropri-
ating money—as is known to the history of the
country, was amongst the gallant and distin-
guished naval officers of the last war with Eng-
land, who rendered services to his country that
will carry down his name to posterity as one of
the gallant and brave defenders of their country
in the war of 1814, when he was a very young
man, a lieutenant or a midshipman, I do not
know which. We all know the impression that
was made on the popular mind by his gallant de-
fense of New Orleans with the gun-boats under
his command, on the occasion of the attack on
that ci'v. It is a part of the history of the coun-
try, recorded on the page of history, that the Brit-
ish were delayed in their landing for several days
by Jones and those gun-boats, until General Jack-
son had completed his military preparations. I
speak of that only as an evidence of his gallantry,
his courage, and his enterprise, as a young man.
It was there he icceived a wound, which physi-
cally disabled him, to a very great extent, in ail
aftel* life.
Mr. President, we have been in the habit, not
only from consideration for the officer himself, but
public considerations, to invite, to encourage those
who are always ready and prompt to imperil their
lives in the cause of the country, by cur action
here. What is the condition of this officer now ?
lie was set aside by the late board of inquiry for
physical disability only—the very wound that he
carried upon his person. Iieisnow,asI happen
to know, for he has been a cherished and valued
fiiend of mine from my earliest youth, and a na-
tive of my own State, lying hopelessly ill within
a short distance of this Capitol, very infirm of
health from the wound which he has carried about
him for along while; and when he dies, will die, if
not leaving his family destitute, under very heavy
and very serious embarrassments. That, I con-
| fess, has been my reason for taking the bill up out
! of its order, and in the absence of the honorable
j Senator who reported it from the Committee on
j Naval Affairs, [Mr. Hale.] Hut this bill has twice
j passed the judgment of the Senate, notm a hurried
| manner, as suggested by the honorable Senator
| fiom Michigan, but after debate, certainly m one
j instance, if not in both, in which that honorable
i Senatorand myself participated. The honorable
