1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
structed to inquire into the expediency of transferring the
jurisdiction over Indian affairs from the Department of the
Intenor to that of War.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That Saturday of this week be set apart for the
consideration of business relating to the District of Colum-
bia.
COMPENSATION OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved., That the Committee on Military Affaiis and
Militia be instructed to mqmie into the propriety and expe-
diency of paying the officers of the Army a gross sum m < nil
for all their compensation, instead of the allowances and
commutations at present allowed them.
MEXICAN INDEMNITY FUND.
Mr. IYERSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to communicate to the Senate wiidi amount, if any, of the
fund set apart by the fifteenth article of the treaty off au-
dalupe Hidalgo, tor the payment of the claims of citizens
of the United States against the Government of Mexico,
remains unexpended.
SPECIAL ORDER.
Mr. IVERSON submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That after to day, and for the remainder of the
session, the special onJer shall wot be taken up until the
hour of one o'clock, unless otherwise ordered by the Sen-
ate.
COMMITTEE VACANCY.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, it was
Ordered, That the vacancy in the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, occasioned
by the death of the Hon. Josiah J. Evans, be filled by the
Vice President.
PAY OF NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. IVERSON submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be di-
rected to report an amendment to be added to the naval ap-
propriation bill, when the f-ame shall he considered by the
Senate, providing that those officer^ of the Navy who were
dif-mi^ed or furiou'ihed by the late "retiring" boaid of
naval officer*, and who were suh-equentl} . <>r m.iv hciedf-
ter. be  stored by the action of the Piesident and Senate
to the furlough or leave of absence li-t, oi who have been
or shall be rai-ed from the furWugh to the leave-ot-ah-ence
lis-t, shall be entitled, and icctive the pay of the grade or
position ro which they dial! have been piomoted fiom the
time of their retirement to the date of their promotion, de-
ducting any amount?- which they may have received as sai-
aiy duung'their tetiremcnt as aforesaid.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill yesterday received from the House of
Representatives (No. 300) declaring the title to
land warrants in certain cases, was read twice by
its title and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the consent of the
Senate to take up the bill (S No. 279) reported
from the Committee on Private Land Claims,
which has been before the Senate now for two
sessions. I will state in a few words that this bill
is intended to provide some system by which the
applications for the confirmation of land claims
may come before us in a report from the General
Land Office once a year. It is a general bill pro-
viding for the examination of these claims m the
different States where they exist, and a report on
them by a local board to the Land Office here, an
examination by the Land Office here, and then
one report from that office to Congress. We have
now every year some forty or fifty demands for
the confirmation of private land claims, and I de-
sire to introduce some system into the mode by
which these private land claims are to be disposed
of, I trust that there will be no objection to the
bill. It is guarded in conformity with the prece-
dents established by previous Congresses. All
the acts for the formation of these boards have
expired. It was supposed that neaily all these
private land claims had been provided for, but
they are coming in so fast that it is necessaiy to
have a system bv which we shall have a regular
report from the Lnnd Office on them.
Mr. COLLAMEU. Does the bill fix any lim-
itation of the time for the claims?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is to be in force for five
years.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 279) for the
final adjustment of private land claims in the States
of Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri,
and for other purposes.
The bill provides that any person or persons,
and also the legal representatives of persons, who
claim lands lying within the States of Florida,
Louisiana, Arkansas, or Missouri, by virtue of
grant, concession, order of survey, permission to
settle, or other written evidence of title emanating
from any foreign Government, bearing date p/ior
to the cession to the United States of the territory
out of which the States named were formed, and
during the period when any such Government
claimed sovereignty or had the actual possession
of the district or territory in which the lands
claimed are situated, shall be authorized to make
application to commissioners to be constituted for
the confirmation of their title to the lands claimed
in a manner which the bill prescribes. The com-
missioners are to consist of the registers and re-
ceivers of the several land offices in the States of
Florida, Louisiana, and Arkansas, within then-
respective land districts, and the lecorder of land
titles for the city of St. Louis, for the State of
Missouri; and they are to hear and decide under
such instructions as may be prescribed by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, in con-
formity with this act and according to justice and
equity, and the principles by this bill to be estab-
lished, in a summary manner, all matters respect-
ing such claims within their districts, and make
report to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, thus classifying the cases: first, all claims
which in their opinion ought to be confirmed,
where the lands claimed have been in possession
and cultivation by the private claimants or those
under whom they derive title, for a period of at
least twenty years preceding the date of filing the
claim; second, all such as in their opinion ought
to be confirmed where the lands aie claimed under
written evidence of title, as in the first class, but
where there has been no actual possession and
cultivation of the land claimed for at least twenty
years; number three is to contain all claims which
in their opinion ought to be rejected;
When the Commissioner of the General Land
Office approves the report of the commissioners
in cases embraced in the first class, such approval
is to be final, and patents of relinquishment are to
be issued in favor of the claimant, if the claim is
not fur more than one square league. If the Com-
missioner approves of the cases in the second
class, they are to be reported to Congress for iw
action, together with all such claims in the first
class as exceed the quantity of land limited by this
bill. The cases in class number three are to be
rejected finally when approved by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. All other cases
are to be reported to Congress, in which the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office shall disap-
prove of the reports made by the boards of com-
missioners. Various sections are provided in the
bill to carry out these general principles.
Mr. HUNTER. That seems to be a very im-
portant bill. It is new to me; and I should like
to hear some explanation of it. Does it propose
to transfer jurisdiction from the courts to a board ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir. I stated before
the Senator came in, that we have now some thirty
or forty or fifty bills every session before the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, because the acts
of Congress which provided local boards in the
different States have expired. These claims are
so numerous that the committee have instructed
me to report a general bill under which those
boards aie reestablished m the different States for
the period of five years. Persons claiming con-
firmation are to present their claims before these
boards. They are composed of the registers and
J receivers of the land offices in the different dis-
i tricts. They examine the claims, and report them
i to the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
! Pie examines them again, and reports them to
! Congress once a year for general action.
I It is due, however, to propriety, that I should
| state to the Senate that there is one clause in this
1 bill in regard to which it may be possible, though
■ I see no objection to H, that other gentlemen in ay
! differ. One clause of this bill provides for a final
! confirmation in certain ca-*oe, without jn-krence
to Congress. That clause is this: where a pfcfty^-
presents himself before thelocal board, and claims
under written title, land of w,hich he has already,
been in possession and cultivation for more that}-
twenty years, and the local board determines his
title to be a good one, and then upon appeal the'
Commissioner of the General Land Office detenti;
ines his title to be a good one, that title, thus'ac?
companied by possession and cultivation for more,
than twenty years^previous to the application, ist
to be considered a good title in the Land Office, if
the cleim does not exceed one league square. To
that extent, of late, Congress has not gone. Irf
the^earlier acts it did go to that extent. I do not
suppose that in any case Congress would desire
to confiscate as public land the possessions of a
farmer, who was in possession and cultivation,
and had been so for more than twenty years, when
his titles were approved both by the local board
and by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office here. I think there is no danger in that
whatever; but that can be stricken out of the bill,
if gentlemen desire it.
Mr. POLK. I wish to offer an amendment,
which I mentioned to the Senator from Louisiana
heretofore. It is in the third section, to strike
out all after the word "means," in the thirty-
third line. The words to be stricken out are:
"Nor shall any sueh claim be received or considered bv
the commissioners which lias been already twice rejected
by previous hoards."
Mr. BENJAMIN. That amendment was some-
what discussed in our committee; and it was con-
sidered best, on the whole, to retain the provision
as a proper guard, that where a claim had ah eady
been twice rejected, the commissioners should
have no further control over it; and if any special
case offered peculiar circumstances of hardship,
that case could be brought before Congress by
itself and considered; but two objections, we con-
sidered, ought to suffice to preclude a claimant
from going again before a board.
Mr. POLK. My amendment proposes to strike
out one of two classes embraced m the proviso to
the last clause of the third section. The fnstclasa
which it excludes, consists of ca-^es where the re-
jection was for fraud. That is proper. The next,
however, is an absolute and unbending exclusion
of all cases which have been twico iejected by
boards of commissioners. I offer this amendment
because there are instances, in the State of Mis-
souri, at least—where i am more familiar with
these land titles—where injustice will be done by
such a provision. There have been, I may say,
at least two boards of commissioners for the set-
tlement of land titles in the State of Missouri; one
under the acts of 1805 and 1S07, generally known
in that State as the old board of commissioners;
and that board rejected the large mass of these
inchoate titles that were presented for confirma-
tion. Of the vastamountof lands owned in upper
Louisiana, at the time of the acquisition of'thatier-
ntoiy, there were not more than five perfect titles
in all upper Louisiana, including both the Slates
of Missouri and Arkansas. The titles were con-
cessions, inchoate titles, and they wuie perfected
by the action of Congress afterwards.
Then there was a subsequent board—the last
board I will call it, as it is so known there—cre-
ated under the acts of 18H2and 1833, and that was
for the confirmation of land titles in Missomi.
There were a number of cases—I know some—
where claims were presented that did not he in-
side of the State of Missouri; and the entry by
the commissioners is, " rejected for want ofjuiis-
diction." They did not pass on the claims, but
still there was a technical rejection. I do not see
that any damage could be done by striking out
these claims, and leaving them all, where they are
not tainted by fraud, to come before the local board *
for examination. These commissioners report to
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
he has the supervision of the action of the local
commissioners. I think it does not open the way
for the confirmation of fraudulent claims, but se-
cures the rights of persons that otherwise might
be injured; because we well know that, if this bill
shall be passed, and certain claims aie excluded
under it, an individual who may have an honest
claim of the excluded class, will have much more
difficulty m getting it through Congress than if
this bill"had never passed, because its exclusion
from this bill is a presumption against him. I
ho,-,.>} therefore, that as it does not tend to break
