1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
959
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] lias sug-
gested what, perhaps, may be better—that the bill
should contain the usual words, that the money
shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated. 1 ask that that in-
formal modification be made, and I shall not
trouble tin Senate longer.
Mr. STUART. I confess, sir, I should have
been much better pleased if the honorable Sena-
tor from Virginia had consented to discuss this
qaestion without undertaking- to pay me a very
doubtful compliment. He did not allude to the
occasions in which he supposed I was making
dangerous onslaughts on the Treasury against
constitutional authority,and hence has notafford-
ed me an opportunity to show that I was justified.
I think if he had specified them, perhaps it would
have been found that they were cases in which
two thirds and more of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, after full discussion, agreed with me,
so that I might find a justification m that. But I
wish to do equaljustice to the honorable Sen-ator
and to say to him that the only men it has ever
been my fortune to meet in Congress whose con-
structions of the Constitution weie so broad that
I could not go with them, have been the men who
have claimed to be strict constructionists par ex-
cellence.
It will be conceded, I think, that the Senate is
not the very best place in the world to discuss
a question of law, and I am not certain but that
it might be equally well conceded that Senators
while in their seats here are not the best prepared
to discuss them. At ali events, in what I am about
to say, while I think I am right, I may be in
error. I speak from recollection. My recollection
of the law is, that a pardon successfully pleaded
leaves the case as if the judgment had never been
passed. That, I think, is the law. If this be true,
then if the President m the exercise of his consti-
tutional authority had remitted the entire judg-
ment , the case would have stood as if the judgment
had never been rendered, and Captain Jones could
have gone to the Treasury and demanded his pay.
Such, I think, upon an examination of the books,
will prove to be the case. But, as I said, I speak
only from recollection, and therefore do not wish
to state it with too much assurance.
Then, sir, it turns out that the history of this
case was properly stated by me. There was a
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction;
that judgment was approved by the President; it
was subsequently reviewed by him, under his au-
thority to exercise the pardoning power, and a
portion of the judgment remitted, to the extentof
the last two and a half years of the suspension.
It is, therefore, a case executed and complete
under that department of the Government having
constitutional authority, and having m its posses-
sion the entire facts. The Senate is bound to
believe that the President has exercised all that
clemency which the nature of the service would
permit in remitting two and a half years of the
judgment of suspension.
Confident as the Senator from Virginia seemed
to be that Congress possesses the power to cancel
a judgment imposing a fine by a court of compe-
tent jurisdiction, I feel it my duty to interpose a
respectful denial of that power.
Mr. MASON. I never said Congress could
cancel a judgment; but thev certainly could repay
a fine after it had been paid; the judgment would
remain.
Mr. STUATtT. I certainly desire to state the
argument of the Senator as he made it himselt.
He did say that Congiess possessed the power to
refund the money. Then what is the effect of
the judgment? Of what sort of avail is it for the
courts, civil and military, of the United States,
under the Constitution, to pass judgments im-
posing fines and penalties, if Congress possesses
the power next day to refund the money ? Can
it be said that that does not interfere with the
judgment? You might as well adopt the argu-
ment of the Quaker—that lie would not kill the
man, neither would he injure him; but he would
hold his head under the water until the breath
■\v as out of his body. You render the judic.nent
of no possible avail. A judgment pronounces a
penalty of §1,000; you refund the money^aud
that, it is said, does not affect the judgment!
Let us see whether j'ou h;\\e the power to re-
fund the money. The Constitution provides that
money may be appropriated by Congress out ot
the Treasury to pay the debts of the Government.
I know of no authority that exists, under the
Constitution, on the part of Congress to make
donations of the public money outright. That
seems to be the ground on which the Senator from
Virginia puts the bill; but I desire the Senate to
remember that the memorialist does not put it on
the ground that Congress shall make him a dona-
tion of this two and a half years'pay, but he puts
it on the ground that the court pronounced an
unnecessarily severe judgment against him on ex
parte testimony. That is the position on which
he bases the claim; but if it be placed on the
ground of a donation, I ask the Senator to point
me to the clause of the Constitution of the United
States which authorizes Congress to make a do-
nation of the public money. I do not deny that
there may be great and meritorious services of a
citizen which Congress may say authorize them
to make compensation; but that is to pay a debt.
A man has furnished to the country eminent ser-
vices of immense value, and Congress may appro-
priate money out of the Treasury to pay him for
this service thus rendered to his country. That
is not a donation. It is for a consideration full,
valuable, complete. But to appropriate a dollar
out of the Treasury as a matter of donation, I em-
phatically, though respectfully, deny the power
to do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan will suspend his remarks. The hour
has arrived for the consideration of the special
order, which is the bill for the admission of the
State of Kansas into the Union.
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 161)
for the admission of the State of Kansas into the
Union.
The pending questions are as follows: Mr.
Green submitted the following substitute for the
original bill, of which the title is, " A bill for
the admission of the Stales of Kansas and Min-
nesota into the Union:"
Whereas, the people of the Territory of Kansas, by their
representatives in convention assembled at Leeompton. in
said Territory, on Monday, the 4th day of September, 1857,
did form lor themselves a constitution and State govern-
ment; and whereas, the people or the Territory of Minne-
sota did,on the 29th day of August, 1857. by delegates elect-
ed for that purpos-e, form foi themselves a constitution and
State government, which was ratified and adopted by the
people at an election held on the 13th day of October, \
D. 18.77, for that purpose, both of winch said constitutions
are republican ; and said conventions having asked the ad-
mission of then  especuve Teintorics into the Union as
Slates, on an equal footing with the original States: There-
foie,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of Amei ira ? n Con gross assembled, That
the States of Mmnesotaand Kansas be, and ate hereby, de-
clared to be States of the United States of America, and are
heiebyadmuted into ihe Union, on an equal footing with the
original States, in all respects, whatever
Sec. 2. And be it further e>i.g(ic?,That the said State of
Minnesota shall have the same boundaries as are prescribed
in the act of Connie?? passed February 26, 1857, entitled,
" An act to authorize the people ofthe Territory of Minne-
sota to form a constitution and State government, prepara-
tory to their admission into the Union, on an equal footing
with the original Stated "
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said State of
Kansas shall consul of all the territory included within the
following bouudaues, to wit: beginning at a point on the
western boundary ofthe State of Mi-->ouu, where the tlmty-
seventh parallel of latitude clones the same; thence west
on said parallel to the eastern boundary of New Mexico ;
thence north on said boundary to latitude Thirty-eight; thence
following said boundaiy westwaid to the eastern boundary
ofthe Teiritoiy of Utah" on the summit of the Rocky Mount-
ains; thence nortmvaid on said summit to ihe fortieth pai-
ailel of latitude; thence eat on said parallel to the western
boundary of the State of Missouri; thence south with the
western boundary of snd State to the place of beginning.
Provided, That nothing hcieni contained respecting the
boundary of said State shall he eon^tiued to impair the
lights of person or propertvnow pertaining to the Indians
m said State, so long as such rights shall leinam unextin-
guished by treaty between the United States and such In-
dians, or to include any f-iritoiy which, by treaty with such
tribes, is not, without the consent of said tribe*, to be in-
cluded witlnu the lerntoiial limits oi jurisdiction of anv
State or Temtory ; but «ueh teiritory shall be excepted out
of the boundaries and eon-unite no part of the State of
Kansas, until such tribes shall signitv their assent to the
President of the United State*- to he included within ^nid
State, or to atfeet the antnority of the Government ot the
United States to make any regulation respecting such In-
dian-. their lands, piopeity, oi othei rights, by ticaty, law,
(.1 otlu'iw^e, which it would have been competent to make
h th's act had never passed.
Sec.-J. And belt further enacted, That the said fetates of
Minnesota and Kan^a-. die admitted into the Union upon
the express condition that -said States shall never interieie
with the pi unary disposal ofthe public lands m said Stales,
or Willi any regulations which Cong! ess may find it neecs* |
sary to make for securing the title to said lands to the bona
fide purchasers or grantees thereof, or levy any tax, assess-
ment, or imposition, upon them or other property of the
United States within the respective limits of said States;
and nothing herein contained &hall be construed as an as-
sent by Congress to all or any of the propositions or claims
contained m the ordinance annexed to the constitution of
the people of Kansas, nor to deprive the said State of Kan-
sas of the same grants which were contained in the act of
Congress entitled "An act to authoiizc the people of the
Territory of Minnesota to form a constitution and State
government, ptepaiatory to admission into the Union on an
equal footing with the original States." approved February
26, ] 857. 9
Sec.5. Andbeit further enacted. That until the next gen-
eral census shall be taken, and an appoitionment of Repre-
sentatives made, the said State of Minnesota shall be enti-
tled to one Representative, and such additional Representa-
tive in Congress as the population of said State, according to
the census authorized by the act approved February 26,1857,
and returned at the time of admission, shall show it to ba
entitled to according to the present ratio of representation,
and no moie; and the said State of Kansas shall be enti-
tled, until said apportionment, to one Representative in the
Congress ofthe United States.
This, Mr. Pugh proposes to amend by adding,
as an additional section—
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the admission of
the States of Minnesota and Kansas into the Union, by this
act, shall never be so construed as to deny, limit, or other-
wise impair, the light of the people ofthe said States, with
the assent of their legislatures, severally, at all tunes, to
alter, refonn, or abolish their foim of government, in such
manner as rhey may think proper, so that the same be still
republican, and in accordance with the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. Clark proposes to offer the following- as a
substitute for Mr. Pugh's amendment, when he
can do so in accordance with the rules. He sub-
mitted it, and it was ordered to be printed for the
information of Senators:
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That the State of Kan-
sas is, admitted into the Union upon the further express con-
dition that nothing contained in the fourteenth section of
the schedule of the constitution of said State of Kansas,
'• done at Leeompton on the 7th day of Novembei, 1857,"
shall be so construed as to prevent the Legislature of said
State, it they shall think necessary to amend, alter, or change
said constitution, from recommending, puor to the year
lbO t, by a majoi itv vote, to the electors of said State to call
a corrvention lor that purpose, nor the electors from electing
such a convention, nor said convention from making such
amendment*, changes, oi alterations whatever, as they may
deem proper. And upon the further express condition that
neither the admission ot said State with said constitution,
nor «-aid constitution itself, shall be construed, or have force
to revive, or reenact after said admission, any law or legu-
Iation repealed by the Legislature of the Territory of Kan-
sas before- the passage of this act, without a reenactment by
the Legislature of said State of Kansas after its admission.
Air. HAMMOND. Mr. President, in the de-
bate which occurred hero in the early part of the
last month, I understood the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] to say that the question of the
reception of the Leeompton constitution was nar-
rowed down to a single point. That point was,
whether that constitution embodied the will of
the people of Kansas. Am I correct?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator is correct, with
this qualification: I could waive the irregularity
and agree to the rcccption of Kansas into the
Union under the Leeompton constitution, pro-
vided I was satisfied that it was the act and deed
of that people, and embodied their will. There
are other objections; but the others I could over-
come, if this point were disposed of.
Mr. HAMMOND. I so understood the Sena-
tor. 1 understood that if he could be satisfied that
this constitution embodied the will of the people
of Kansas, all other defects and irregularities
would be cured by the act of Congress, and that
i he himself would be willing to permit such an act
! to be passed.
I Now, sir, the only question with him is, how
. is that will to he ascertained ? and upon that point,
! and that alone, it is probable we shall differ. I
i think the Senator fell into a fundamental error in
las report dissenting from the report of the ma-
jority ofthe territorial committee, in saying that
the convention which framed this constitution
was a creature of the Territorial Legislature; and
from that eriorhas probably arisen all his subse-
quent errors on this subject. How can it be pos-
sible that the convention should be the creature
I ot a Territorial Legislature? The convention was
1 an assembly of the people in their highest sover-
eign capacity, about to perform their highest pos-
sible act of sovereignty. The Territorial Legis-
lature is a mere provisional government; a petty
corporation, appointed and paid by the Congress
ofthe United States, without a paiticle uf sover-
eign power; and yet, shall that interfere with a
sovereignty—inchoate, but .still a sovereignty ?
Why, sir, Congress cannot interfere; Congress
