960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4.
cannot confcr on the Territorial Legislature the
power to interfere. Congress is not sovereign.
Congress has sovereign powers, but no sover-
eignty. Congress has no power to act outside
of the limitations of the Constitution; no right to
carry into effect the supreme will of any people if
it lias not been expressed in their constitution;
and, therefore, Congress is not sovereign.
Nor does Copgress hold the sovereignty of
Kansas. The sovereignty of Kansas resides, if
it resides anywhere^ with the sovereign States of
thisAUnion. They have conferred upon Congress,
among other powers, the authority of administer-
ing their sovereignty to their satisfaction. They
have given Congress the power to make needful
rules and regulations regarding the Territory; and
they have given Congress power to admit a State.
Unuer these two sovereign powers, Congress may
first establish a provisional territorial government
merely for municipal purposes; and when a State
has grown into sovereignty, when that sover-
eignty which has been kept in abeyance demands
recognition, when a community is formed there,
a social compact created, a sovereignty born as it
were upon the soil, then Congress is gifted with
the power to acknowledge that sovereignty; and
the Legislature, only by mere usage, oftentimes
neglected, assists at the birth of it by passing a
precedent resolution assembling a convention.
But, sir, when that convention assembles to
form a constitution, it assembles in the highest
known capacity of a people, and has no superior i
in this Government but a State sovereignty; or
rather the State sovereignties of all the States ,
alone can do anything with the act of that con-
vention. Then if that convention was lawful, if'
there is no objection to the convention itself, there j
can be no objection to the action of the convcn- ;
tion; and there is no power on earth that has a j
right to inquire whether the convention repre- >
sented the will of the people of Kansas or not. I 1
do not doubt that there might be some cases of j
such gross and palpable frauds committed in the ]
formation of a convention, as might authorize
Congress to investigate them, but I can scarcely
conceivc of any;and I do not think that Congress
has any other power, when a State knocks at the
door for admission, but to inquire if her consti-
tution is republican.
If what I have said be correct, then the will of
the people of Kansas is to be found in the action
of her constitutional convention, and it is not safe
to look for it anywhere else. It is immaterial
whether it is the will of a majority of the people
of Kansas now, or not. The convention was, or
ought to have been, elected by a majority of the
people of Kansas. A convention, elected in April,
may well frame a constitution that would not be
agreeable to a majority of the people of a new
State, rapidly filling up, in the succeeding Jan-
uary; and if Legislatures are to be allowed to put
to a vote the acts of a convention, and have them
beaten down by a subsequent influx of emigrants,
there is no finality. If you were to send back the
Lecompton constitution, and another was to be
framed, in the slow way in which we do public
business here, before it would reach Congress in
another year perhaps the majority would be turned
the other way.
Sir, whenever you go outside of the regular
forms of law and constitutions to seek for the will
of the people you arc wandering ma wilderness—
a wilderness of thorns. If this was a minority
constitution I do not know that that would be an
objection to it. Constitutions are made for mi-
norities. Perhaps minorities ought to have the
right to make constitutions, for they are admin-
istered by majorities. The Constitution of this
Union was made by a minority, and as late as
1840 a minority had it in their hands, and could
have altered or abolished it; for, in 1840, six out
of the twenty-six States of the Union held the
numerical majority.
The^Senator from Illinois has, upon his view of
the Lecompton constitution and the present situa-
tion of affairs in Kansas, raised the cry of popular j
sovereignty. The Senator from New York [Mr. j
Seward] yesterday made himself facetious about;
it, and called it " squatter sovereignty." There
is a popular sovereignty which is the basis of our
Government, and lam unwilling that the Senator
should have the benefit of uniting squatter sover- ■
eignty with popular sovereignty. Sir, in all j
countries and in all time, it is well understood (
that the numerical majority of the people could,
if they chose, exercise the sovereignty of the
country; but for want of intelligence, and for
want of leaders, they have never yet been able
successfully to combine and form a popular gov-
ernment. They have often attempted it, but it
has always turned out, instead of a popular sov-
ereignty, a populous sovereignty: and dema-
gogues, placing themselves upon the movement,
have invariably led them into military despotism.
I think that the popular sovereignty which the
Senator from Illinois would derive from the acts
of his Territorial Legislature, and from the in-
formation received from partisans and partisan
presses, would lead us directly into populous sov-
ereignty, and not popular sovereignty. The first
organization of popular sovereignty on a proper
basis took place in this country. The first gun
of the Revolution was a salute to a new organ-
ization of popular sovereignty that was embodied
in the Declaration of Independence, developed,
elaborated, and inaugurated forever in the Con-
stitution of the United States; and the true pil-
lais of it were representation and the ballot-box,
the legal and constitutional ballot-box ordained
by the people. In the division of power, in dis-
tributing the sovereign powers among the various
departments of the Government, the people re-
tained for themselves the single power of the
ballot-box; and a great power it was. Through
that power they were able to control all the de-
partments of the Government. It was not for the
people to be exercising political power m detail;
it was not for them to be annoyed with the cares
of government; but, from time to time, through
the ballot-box, to exert their power to control the
whole organization, and sovereignty remained
with them. This is popular sovereignty, the pop-
ular sovereignty of a legal, constitutional ballot-
box; and when spoken through that box, the
voice of the people, for all political purposes, is
the voice of God; but when it is outside of that,
it is the voice of a demon, the doctrine of the
reign of terror.
Permit me to say, that in passing I omitted to
answer a question that the Senator from Illinois
has, I believe, repeatedly asked; and that is, what
wt;re the legal powers of the Territorial Legis-
lature after the formation and adoption of the Le-
compton constitution? That hnd nothing to do
with the Territorial Legislature. They moved in
totally different spheres. The Territorial Legis-
lature was a provisional government almost with-
out power, appointed and paid by this Govern-
ment. The Lecompton constitution was the act
of a people, and the sovereign act of a people.
They moved in different spheres and on different
planes, and could not come m contact at all with-
out usurpation on the one part or the other. It
was not competent for the Lecompton constitu-
tion to overturn the territorial government and
set up a government in place of it, because that
constitution, until acknowledged by Congress,
was nothing; it was not. in being. It could well
order the people of Kansas to pass upon it; it
could do whatever was necessary to perfect that
constitution, but nothing beyond that, until Con-
gress had agreed to accept it. In the mean time
the territorial government, a government ad in-
terim, was entitled to exercise all the sway over
the Territory that it ever had been entitled to.
The error of assuming, as the Senator did, that
the convention was the creature of the territorial
government, has led him into the difficulty and
confusion of uniting and disuniting these two gov-
ernments according as it may suit his argument.
There is no government in the convention until
after the adoption by Congress of its constitu-
tion; and there is no interference at any time with
the Territorial Legislature, as there is no actual
power in the Territorial Legislature even to call
a convention, but what is derived from usage and
permission, and by an enabling act sometimes
from Congress.
If the Senator from Illinois, whom I regard as
the Ajax Telemon of this debate, does not press
the question of frauds, I shall have little or nothing
to say about that. The whole history of Kansas
I is a disgusting one, from the beginning to the end.
I I have avoided reading itas much as I could. Had
! 1 been a Senator before, I should have felt it my
] duty, perhaps, to have done so; but not expecting
| to be one, I am ignorant, fortunately, in a great
i measure, of detail; and I was glad to hear the ac-
knowledgment of the Senator from Illinois, since
it excuses me from the duty of examining it.
I hear, on the other side of the Chamber, a great
deal said about gigantic and stupendous frauds;
and the Senator from New York, yesterday, in
portraying the character of his party and the op-
posite one, laid the whole of those frauds upon
the pro-slavery party. To listen to him, you
would have supposed that the regiments of emi-
grants recruited in the purlieus of the great cities
of the North, and sent out, armed and equipped
with Sharpe's rifles and bowie knives and revolv-
ers, to conquer for freedom in Kansas, stood by,
meek saints, innocent as doves, and humble as
lambs brought up to the sacrifice. Think of them;
General Lane's lambs! They remind one of
Colonel Kirk's lambs, to whom they have a fam-
ily resemblance. I presume that there were frauds;
and that if there were frauds, they were equally
great on all sides; and thatany investigation into
them on this floor, or by a commission, would
end in nothing but inflicting almost unendurable
disgrace on the United States.
But, sir, the true object of the discussion on
the other side of the Chamber, is to agitate the
question of slavery. I have very great doubts
whether the leaders on the other side of the House
really wish to defeat this bill. I think they would
consider it a vastly greater victory to crush out
the Democratic party in the North, and destroy
the leaders of the Kansas-Nebraska bill; and I am
not sure that they have not brought about this im-
broglio for the very purpose. How strange is it
that they tell us that year after year the majority in
Kansas is beaten at the polls? They have always
had a majority, but they always get beaten ! How
could that be? It does seem, from the most re-
liable sources of information, that they have a
majority, and have had a majority for some time.
Why has not this majority come forward and
taken possession of the government, and made a
free-State constitution, and brought it here? We
should all have voted for its admission cheerfully.
There can be but one reason: if they had brought,
as was generally supposed at the time the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act was passed would be the case,
a free-State constitution here, there would have
been no difficulty among the northern Democrats;
they would have been sustained by their people.
The statement made by some of them, as I un-
derstood, that that act was a good free-State act,
would have been verified, and the northern Dem-
ocratic party would have been sustained; but its
coming here a slave State, it is said, will kill that
party, and that is the reason they have refrained
from going to the polls; that is the reason they
have refrained from making it a free State when
they had the power. They intend to make it a
free State as soon as they have effected that pur-
pose of destroying the Democratic party at the
North, and their true reason here is to agitate sla-
very. For one, I am not disposed to discuss that
question here in any abstract form. I think the
time has gone by for that. Our minds are all
made up. I am willing to discuss it—and that is
the way it should be and must be discussed—as
a practical thing, as a thing that is, and is to be;
and to discuss its effect upon our political institu-
tions, and to ascertain how long those political
institutions will hold together under its effects.
The Senator from New York entered very fairly
into this field yesterday. I was surprised, the
other day, when he so openly said the battle had
been fought and won. Although I knew, and had
long known it to be true, I was surprised to hear
him say so. I thought that he had been entrapped
into a hasty expression by the sharp rebukes of
the Senator from New Hampshire; and I am glad
to see that yesterday he has come out and shown
that it is a matured project of his, that these wo us
mean all that I thought they meant; that they
mean that the South is a conquered province, and
that the North intends to rule it. He said that it
was their intention to take this Government from
unjust and unfaithful hands, and place it in just
and faithful hands; that it was their intention to
consecrate all the Territories of the Union to free
labor; and that, to effect their purposes, they in-
tended to reconstruct the Supreme Court.
Yesterday, the Senator said, " suppose we ad-
mit Kansas with the Lecompton constitution:
what guarantees are there that Congress will not
again interfere with the affairs of Kansas ?" mean-
ing, I suppose, that if she abolished slavery, what
