THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B. C."
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 1858.
New Series No. 61.
guarantee there was that Congress would not force
it upon her again. Sir, so far as we of the South
are concerned, you have, at least, the guarantee
of good faith that never has been violated. But
what guarantee have we, when you have this
Government in your possession, in all its depart-
ments, even if we submit quietly to what the Sen-
ator exhorts us to submit to—the concentration
of slavery in its present territory, and even to the
reconstruction of the Supreme Court—that you
will not plunder us with tariffs; that you will
not bankrupt us with internal improvements and
bounties on fish; that you will not restrain us with
navigation laws, and other laws impeding the
facilities of transportation to southern produce?
What guarantee have we that you will not create
a new bank, and concentrate all the finances of
this country at the North, where already, for the
want of direct trade and a proper system of bank-
ing: in the South, they are ruinously concentrated?
Nay, sir, what guarantee have we that you will
not emancipate our slaves, or, at least, make the
attempt? We cannot rely on your faith when
you have the power. It has been always broken
whenever pledged.
Now, sir, as I am disposed to see this question
settled as soon as possible, and am perfectly will-
ing to have a final and conclusivc settlement now,
instantly, and after what the Senator from New
York has said, I think it not unimportant that I
should attempt to bring the North and South face <
to face, and see what resources each of us might i
have in the contingency of separate organizations, j
If we never acquire another foot of territory for ;
the South, look at her. Eight hundred and^ fifty i
thousand square miles; as large as Great Britain, ;
France, Austria, Prussia, and Spain. Is not that ]
territory enough to make an empire that shall rule '
the world ? With the finest soil, the most^delight- j
ful climate, whose productions none of those great
countries can produce, we have three thousand j
miles of continental shore line, and so indented j
with bays and crowded with islands, that, when [
their shore lines are added, we have twelve thou-
sand miles of shore line. Through the heart of
our country runs thegreat Mississippi, the father
of waters, into whose bosom are poured thirty-
six thousand miles of tributary streams; and be-
yond we have the desert prairie wastes, to pro-
tect us in our rear. Can you hem in such a ter-
ritory as that* Yon talk of putting up a wall
of fire around eight hundred and fifty thousand
square miles so situated! How absurd.
But, sir, in this Territory lies the great valley
of the Mississippi, now the real, and soon to be
the acknowledged seat of the empire of the world.
The sway of that valley will be as great as ever
the Nile knew m the earlier ages of mankind. We
own the most of that valley. The most valuable
part of it belongs to us; and although those who
have settled above us are now opposed to us,
another generation will tell a different tale. They
are ours'by all the laws of nature; slave-labor will
go over every foot of this great valley where it
will bo found profitable to use it, and those who
do not use it are soon to be united with us by
such ties as will make us one and inseparable.
The iron horse will soon be clattering over the
sunny plains of the South to bear the products of
its upper tributaries to our Atlantic ports, as it
now clatters over the ice-bound North. There is
the great Mississippi, a bond of union made by
nature's law. She will forever vindicate her right
to the Union. On this fine territory we have a
population four times as large as that with which
these colonies separated from the mother country,
and a hundred, I might say a thousand fold as
strong. Our population is now sixty per cent,
greater than that of the whole United States when
wo entered into the second war of independence.
It is twice as large as the whole population of the
United States was ten years after the conclusion
of that war, and our exports are three times as
great as those of the whole United States then,
upon our muster-rolls we have a million of men.
In a defensive war, upon an emergency, every
one of them would be available. At any time, the
61
the South can raise, equip, and maintain in the
field, a larger army than any Power of the earth
can send against her, and an army of soldiers—
men hroughtup on horseback, with guns in their
hands.
If we take the North, even when the two large
States of Kansas and Minnesota shall be admit-
ted, her territory will be one hundred thousand
square miles short of ours. I do not speak of
California and Oregon; there is no antagonism
between the South and those countries, and never
will be. The population of the North is fifty per
cent, greater than ours. I have nothing to say in '
disparagement either of the soil of the North, or \
the people of the North, who are a brave, intelli- !
gent, energetic race, full of intellect, but they pro- j
duce no great staple that the South does not pro- {
duce; but we produce two or three, and those sre
the very greatest, that, she can never produce. As j
to her men, however high they may be, they have ,
never proved themselves to be superior to those i
of the South, either in the field or in the Senate, j
But, sir, the strength of a nation depends m a
great measure upon its wealth, and the wealth of ;
a nation, like that of a man, is to be estimated by ;
its surplus production. You may go to your
trashy census books, all of which is perfect non- ,
sense, and they will tell you that in the State of ,
Tennessee, the whole number of house-servants .
is not equal to one half those in my own house, |
and such things as that. You may ascertain what
is made throughout the country from these census ;
books, but it is no matter how much is made if it
is all consumed. If a man is worth millions of '
dollars and consumes his income, is he richt ^ Is
he competent to embark m any new enterprise?
Can he build ships or railroads? And could a
people in that condition build ships and roads and
go to war? All the enterprises of peace and war
depend upon the surplus productions of a people.
They may be happy, they may be comfortable,
they may enjoy themselves in eating what they ;
make; but they are not rich, they are not strong. 1
It seems, by going to the reports of the Secretary
of the Treasury, which are authentic, that last
year the United States exported in round num-
bers $'279,000,000 worth of domestic produce, ex- 1
eluding gold and foreign merchandise rcexpoited.
Of this amount ^158,000,000 woith is tiie clear
produce of the South; articles that are not and
cannot be made at the Noith. Here are then
$80,000,000 worth of exports of products of the
forest, animal provisions, and breadstuffs. If we
assume that the South made but one third of
these, and I think that is a low calculation, our
exports are §185,000,000, leaving to the North
less than $95,000,000. , ^ ,
In addition to this, we send to the North
§30,000,000 worth of cotton, which is not counted
in the exports. We send to her $8,000,000 worth
of tobacco, which is not counted m the exports.
We send naval stores, lumber, rice, and many
other minor articles. There is no doubt that we
send to the North §40,000,000 in addition; but .
suppose the amount, to be $35,000,000, and it will
giveusasurpluspr<Jductionof$220,000,000. The
recorded exports of the South no ware greater than
the whole exports of the United States in any year
before 1856. They are greater than the whole
average exports of the TJmted States for the last |
twelve years, including the two extraordinary 1
years of 1656 and 1857. They are nearly double 1
the amount of the average exports of the twelve ,
preceding years. If 1 am right m my calculations ;
: as to £220,000,000 of surplus produce, there is not j
! a nation on the face of the earth, with any numer- ;
ous population, that can compete with us in pro- j
i duce per capita. It amounts to §16 66 per head, '
i supposing that we have twelve million people, j
I England, with all her accumulated wealth, with her ;
i concentrated and intellectualized energy, makes ;
j under sixteen dollars of surplus production per ^
j I have not made a calculation as to the North, j
i with her $95,000,000 surplus-, but, admitting that ,
i she exports as much as we do, with her eighteen j
i millions of population it would be but little over ■
twelve dollars a head at the outside. She cannot
export to us and abroad exceeding ten dollars a
head against our sixteen dollars. I know well
enough that the North sends to the South a vast
amount of the productions of her industry. I take
it for granted that she, at least, pays us in that
way for the thirty or forty million dollars worth
of cotton and other articles we send her. I am
willing to admit that she pays us considerably
more; but to bring her up to our amotmt of sur-
plus production, to bring her up to $220,000,000
of surplus production, the South must take from
her $125,000,000; and this, in addition to our
share of the consumption of the $333,000,000
worth introduced into the country from abroad,
and paid for in part by our own exports. The
thing is absurd; it is impossible; it can never ap-
pear anywhere but on a census statistic book.
With an export of $220,000,000 under the pres-
ent tariff, the South organized separately would
have about $40,000,000 of revenue. With one
fourth the present tariff she would have a revenue
adequate to all her wants, for the South would
never go to war; she would never need an army
or a navy, beyond a few garrisons on the fron-
tiers and a few revenue cutters. It is commerce
that breeds war. It is manufactures that require
to be hawked about over the world, and give rise
to navies and commerce. But we have nothing
to do but to take off restrictions on foreign mer-
chandise and open our ports, and the whole world
will come to us to trade. They will be too glad to
bring and carry for us, and we never shall dream
of a war. Why, sir, the South has never yet had
a just cause of war. Every time she has seized
her sword it has been on the point of honor, and
that point of honor has been mainly loyalty to her
j sister colonies and sister States, who have ever
I since plundered and calumniated her.
! But if there were no other reason why we should
never have a war, would any sane nation make
war on cotton? Without firing a gun, without
drawing a sword, when they make war on us we
can bring the whole world to our feet. The South
is perfectly competent to go on, one, two, or three
years without planting a seed of cotton. I believe
that if she was to plant but half her cotton, it
would be an immense advantage to her. I am
not so sure but that after three years' cessation she
would come out stronger than ever she was before
and better prepared to enter afresh upon her great
career of enterprise. "What would happen if no
cotton was furnished for three years ? I will not
stop U> depict what every one can imagine, but
this is certain: old England would topple headlong
and carry the whole civilized world with her.
No, sir, you dare not make war on cotton. No
power on earth dares make war upon it. Cotton
is king. Until lately the Bank of England was
king, but she tried to put her screws as usual, the
fall before last, upon the cotton crop, and was
utterly vanquished. The last power has been
i conquered. Who can doubt it that has looked
at recent events? When the abuse of credit had
destroyed credit and annihilated confidence, when
thousands of the strongest commercial houses in
the world were coming down, and hundreds or
millions of dollars of supposed property evapor-
ating in thin air, when you came to a dead lock,
and revolutions were threatened, what brought
! vou up ? Fortunately for you it was the com-
mencement of the cotton season, and we have
poured in upon you one million six hundred
thousand bales of cotton just at the crisis to save
you from sinking. That cotton, but for the burst-
ing of your speculative bubbles in the North,
which produced the whole of this convulsion,
would have brought us $100,000,000. We have
sold it for $65,000,000, and saved you. Thirty-
five million dollars we, the slaveholders of the
South, have put into the charity box of your mag-
nificent financiers, your cotton lords, your mer-
chant princes. .
But, sir, the greatest strength of the South arises
from the harmony of her political and social ln-
! stitutions. This harmony gives her a frame of
society, the best in the world, and an extent of
