964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB 11.
March 4,
people, that the bonds of the Union were sealed
with the blood of a,common ancestry, with com-
mon sacrifices, heroism,and suffering. Whatever
politicians may say in hours of excitement, when
the day ef trial comes the American people will
be ready to imitate and to emulate the example of
their forefathers. They gathered around Wash-
ington from the North and from the South. Like
a band of brothers, reatty to endure every sacrifice
and every hardship, together often they shared
their scanty meal, and on the cold winter night
together shared their thin and tattered covering;
shoulder to shoulder, indeed, they stood in the
day of conflict, freely baring their bosoms in each
other's defense; together, often their very life-
blood gushed and mingled; and side by side their
ashes still rest upon that soil which their united
valor defended. The Union is still consecrated
by holding those ashes—those sacred ashes. To
any man who proposes to dissolve the Union, I
desire to put this question: where will you draw
the line of separation—upon which side of Mount
Vernon shall it fall ?
Sir, I know not how others may feel; I know
not how our brethren of the southern States may
feel; but this one thing [know: there is no power
on earth can hold the tomb of Washington upon a
soil and within a jurisdiction foreign to the twenty
millions of people who inhabit the northern and
western States of this Confederacy; and I believe
the same may be said of the great mass of the
people of the middle States, if it be not true to
the same extent of the extreme southern States.
And as for AViaconsin she was born of Virginia—
born in the days of her revolutionary heroes and
statesmen; in the days of her youthful vigor; in
the days, too, of her true republican principles.
Like Olno. Indiana, Illinois,and Michigan, Wis-
consin, though the youngest of the sisters, takes
equal pride in tracing her parentage to the Old
Dominion, the mother of States and of statesmen.
She takes pride in the great names of the states-
men of Virginia; she claims them as part of her
inheritance. If the day shall ever come—which
may God in his mercy avert I—when treason shall
raise its head against the Constitution and the
Union, and undertake to sever Vngmia from her
offspring, be assured, sir, that the teeming millions
who inhabit those northwestern States, as well as
all the northern and eastern States, and the untold
millions of their descendants, will continue to bear
the same flag which Washington bore, and they
willhelongto the land that hold s hisashes, though
the peaceful Potomac, which flows by his tomb,
shall run red with the blood of traitors. They will
never surrender their birthright, and it shall never
be taken from them. This Constitution is their
Constitution; this country is their country; the
flag of the Union is their flag; and they will never
desertit, never surrender it. "What we claim for
ourselves, we claim for all. The rights, privi-
leges, and liberties, which we demand as our in-
heritance, we concede as their inheritance, to all
the citizens of this Republic."
The union of these States is cemented by an-
other bond no less strong—the bond of a common
interest in the great valley of the Mississippi. I
agree with the honorable Senator who preceded
me, that the valley of the Mississippi will bind
the Union together in bonds which can never be
broken. Situated as Wisconsin is, with herwhole
eastern boundary upon the great lakes, whose
waters flow into the Atlantic, she has a common
interest and sympathy with all the northern and
eastern and Atlantic States. Bounded upon the
west by theMississippi, with her navigable waters
flowing into it, by nature and geographical posi-
tion she has a common interest with ail those
States whose waters flow into the Gulf of Mexico
from the great valley of the Mississippi, to main-
tain forever the free and uninterrupted commerce
of the Mississippi and the Gulf, which the Consti-
tution of the United States secures.
The proposition by Spain to cede to England or
Prance the Island of Cuba would arouse the oppo-
sition of the whole American people almost as one
man; and why, sir? Simply because, in the hands
of a strong naval Power, from its geographical
position and harbors it would cominand°the com-
merce of the valley of the Mississippi; in short,
Louisiana, will ever consent that the mouths of
the Mississippi shall be held in a foreign juris-
diction ? No man doubts the chivalry or bravery
of Louisiana, or of any portion of the people of
the southern States; but there is an irresistible
logic in overwhelming numbers, and numbers,
too, constantly augmenting in almost geometrical
progression under the operation of the laws of em-
igration and population with as unerring ccrtainty
as the revolutions of the earth. To suppose that
even now, and more especially when, within the
next thirty years, there shall be a free white popu-
lation of more than fifty millions with an identity
of interest in the commerce of the Mississippi
and the Gulf of Mexico, they will suffer the outlet
of that commerce to be held by a foreign State,
on account of negroes held in slavery by a few
hundred thousand citizens of some of the States
of this Union, would be as idle as to undertake
to dam the waters of the Mississippi, to chain the
lightning, or, like Xerxes, the Hellespont itself.
It is one of those things which cannot be done,
sir; no line of separation can be made to divide
the valley of the Mississipp' You cannot, cut
that river in two. As all that vast, and as yet but
comparatively undeveloped region, drained by
that river, embracing all your teiritories between
the Alleghanies and the Rocky Mountains, shall
become filled up with untold m'llions of the most
hardy, brave, intelligent, and enterprising people,
they will bind this Union together in bonds of
common interest, language,and sympathy, which
no power on earth can sever. Like its eternal,
ever-flowing waters, the commerce of the Missis-
sippi shall flow ever and onward uninterrupted to
the Gulf. Divide the valley of the Mississippi?
No, sir; never, till those waters cease to flow, and
those fertile valleys cease to yield the necessaries
i for human life. This Union rests upon afounda-
' tion more enduring than any mere human enact-
ments. It rests upon the laws and the necessities
of our population and geographical position; upon
the laws which govern the growth of ages in the
history of mankind. The same Almighty Being
who watched over its infant colonization, its rev-
olutionary struggle for the independence of the
soil and its second struggle for the freedom of
the seas, its struggle for the independence of its
Treasury from the domination and control of as-
sociated wealth, still watches over every step of
its growth and progress; and, in spite of parties
and platforms, presses and politicians, is carrying
it onward, and right onward to the high destiny
to which He has called it.
Another set of stockholders, in another kind of
institution than a national bank, but compared
with which all the power of a national bank was
a mere pigmy, undeitake to seize hold of this
Government, and commence offensive, aggressive
operations against the people of the North and
their free institutions; but the same Providence
will watch over us in our struggles with this
power.
Statesmen may see and appreciate the causes
that are in operation around us. They may see
and feel the mighty current of emigration, the
power of population which is bringing upon this
continent the bravest, the best, and the most
| enterprising of the whole human family, by mil-
j lions upon millions. It would be wise for states-
j men to see and appreciate these causes, which
! they can no more control than they can control
J the currents of air or ofocean. This vast continent
j was reserved in the providence of God for the. very
I purpose of giving full scope for the development
of man under the influence of modern and Chris-
' tian civilization. Our system of government is but !
' the outgrowth of that civilization. It is adapted to ''
it and based upon it. It has no precedent; it has
( no compeer. All that has preceded it has but pre-
pared the way for its coming; and its whole grand
I object, end, and aim, is to work out for man upon
earth a better, higher, and more divine life. The
; prophets foresaw it; the good men of all ages have
longed and prayed for its approach; and, in my
| opinion, Heaven, with all its omnipotence, stands
pledged for its success. This Union, this Con-
stitution , this form of government, this wondei ful
development, this position among the Power;
.    of
i , T ■ J i j.. i., [1 the earth, is not a thing of accident or of chance
vrnfTf™ aVa™IS ,'lle s®bast0P°I ofGulf. Do |; No, sir, "there's a divinity that shanes our ends."
sinni vilf0Set Slr' Pe2P'e of lhe Mlssis" , I My confidence in the perpetuity of the Union
eiafstotesy4hoSfY-^M Iffh gVeat com'ner- |i rlses m its character to be a strong and abiding ,
eial btates, who furnished the money to purchase faith—a faith based upon the devoted patriotism
of the great mass of the American people; upon
identity of language, sympathy, and interest;
upon a common history, common recollections,
common hopes, and a common destiny. It rests,
moreover, in a great measure, upon the promises
revealed in that volume which all Christians accept
as Divine. It is a faith with me which never
wavers; which no idle threats can disturb for a
a moment; which every reason addressed to the
understanding confirms, and which every senti-
ment of patriotism approves; and which, under
the sanction of a deep religious conviction, leans
upon the Almighty for its strength.
Mr. KING. As my friend from Wisconsin
will not be able to conclude to-day, I ask him to
give way to a motion to adjourn, or for an ex-
ecutive session, if that be the disposition of the
other side.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 'I yield the floor.
Mr. KING. Unless there is a disposition on
the otherside to have an executive session, I shall
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FITCH. I should like to have an execu-
tive session. >
Mr. KING. I make that motion.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. BRODERICK. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourn, it be to Monday next.
Mr. BiGGS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted—
yeas 20, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Broderick, Chandler, Collamer,
Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, JDurkee, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Hamhn, Harlan, King, Pugh, Seward, Simmons,
Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Clark, Clay,
Fitch, Green, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Ten-
nessee, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, Polk, Stuart, Toombs,
and Wright—19.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRODERICK. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted—
yeas 21, nays 19; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs.. Bell, Broderick. Chandler, Clark, Col
lamer, Crittenden, Dixon. Doolittle, Douglas, i)uikee,Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Harlan, King, Seward, Sim-
mons, Tiumhull, Wade, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Biggs. Bigler. Bright, Clay, Fitch,
Greon, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas,
Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, Mallory, Mason, Polk,
Pugh, Toombs, and Wright—19.
And thereupon the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 4, 7858.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. C. Granberry.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
IMPROPER EXECUTIVE INFLUENCE.
The SPEAKER stated the first question in
order to be a resolution of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hoard,] in reference to alleged
attempts of the Executive to improperly influence
the action of members of the House. "The pend-
ing question is, shall the resolution be received
and entertained, on the ground that the privileges
of the House are involved?
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce a bill to
extend the provisions of certain acts granting
bounty lands to certain officers and soldiers in the
military service of the United States, for reference
only.
Mr. HARLAN. I object, unless there shall
be an understanding that we all shall have equal
opportunity to introduce bills.
Mr. HOARD took the floor.
^Mr. HOUSTON. Has not the gentleman from
New York addressed the House once already? Im-
mediately after the Chair submitted the question
the other day, the gentleman made his speech,
and then the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Borxett] replied to him. If the Chair decides
in favor of my point, I claim the floor.
Mr. HOA itD. What I said was in response
to a letter which had been introduced. I send a
modification of my resolution to thr  Clerk's desk.
