1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
The Clerk read the modification, as follows:
Insert fhe words in the. pieambl<>: "And further, to
show the propriety of adopting the following resolution. I,
Charles 15. Hoard, a number of the House of Represent-
atives, state that common fame charges the President of
the United Suites with endeavors to control the action of
members ot ihi  House on the question ol admitting Kansas
into the Union under the Lecompton constitution, by offers
of executive appointments, to be bubjectto their control."
Mr. LETCHER. Let the resolution be read
as it now stands.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas, a statement has been made by a member of this
House, impoiting that the Hon. Mr. Burns, of Ohio, had
stated to him, m a conversation on the subject of his vote
on the resolutions of Hon. Mr. Harris, of Illinois, to com-
mit to a select committee the President's message on the
Kansas question, that he was to have certain official patron-
age or appointments to office at his disposal; and whereas,
the Hon. Mr. Burns had previously been free in his avowal
of sentiments with which his vote on that occasion was in
conflict, thus furnishing ground to suspect that some im-
proper influence had been exerted to bias the said membei's
official action a* a member of this House: Therefore,
Be it revolved; That a committee of five be appointed by
the Speaker to inquire and investigate whether any improper
attempts have been or are being made, directly orindnectiy,
by any person connected with the executive department of
tins Government, or hy anv othei person aeiing with their
advice oi consent, to influence the action of any member
of this House, upon any questions or measuie upon which
the House has acted,or which is now under consideration,
with power to send for persons and papers, and leave to re-
port at any time, by bill or otherwise.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the Chair
is, that the gentleman from New York made the
remarks which he submitted before the question
of order was raised. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; if the Chair will
look to the minutes of that day's proceedings on
tho Journal, he will see that he is mistaken; and
if the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett]
were in the House I know he would sustain my
recollection, which is very distinct, that when the
resolution was first presented the gentleman from
New York asked permission to make a personal
explanation; it was objected to; he then intro-
duced the resolution as a question of privilege; the
gentleman from Kentucky made objection, and
the Chair then decided that the House must de-
termine whether U was a question of privilege or
not, and awarded the floor to the gentleman, and
he made his remarks, which were immediately
replied to by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Burnett.] I am satisfied that the Journal will
show these to be the facts.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is aware that the Journal would not show
whether there was debate or not
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware of that. The
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] is now
in his seat, and I desire his attention for a mo-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the gentleman from New Yoik is entitled to pro-
ceed. The gentleman from New York had the
floor some days since, and no objection was made
to his proceeding. He yielded (he floor that a
motion mi^ht be made to postpone the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the Chair not in error
about the facts of the case?
Mr. LOVEJOY. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is statins: a question of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the attention of the
Chair to this point.
Mr. GROW. Has an appeal been taken from
the decision of the Chair?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman addressed
the House after the question was submitted.
Mr. GROW. I insist on my question. Does
the gentleman appeal ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
whether the gentleman from Alabama intends to
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. GROW. I object to debate unless there
is an appeal taken.
The SPEAKER. In addition to what the Chair
has already stated, the Chair thinks that the mod-
ification which the gentleman from New York
submits entitles him to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to raise a question
of order; and if the Chair decides against me, I
shall appeal from the decision of the Chair. It
is a difficult and embarrassing matter to take an
appeal about, because it depends upon a proper
recollection of the facts of the case. But there
arc gentlemen here who will icmember, I have
no doubt, what I now propose to state. When
the resolution was originally presented by the
gentleman from New York, the Chair submitted
it to the House to determine whether it was a
question of privilege, and decided that that ques-
tion was debatable. The gentleman from New
York, under those circumstances,made his speech,
and finished it to his own satisfaction. He was
replied to by the gentleman from Kentucky^ [Mr.
Burnett,] and then the question went over.
Now, I never intended to allow the gentleman
from New York to take the flpor and make an-
other speech upon this subject without objection.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. Perhaps the Chair
will recollect that when the gentleman from New
York was attempting to make a speech I objected
to his proceeding until the Chair should have de-
cided whether it was a question of privilege or
not. The Chair then said, that following the pre-
cedent set a day or two before, he would leave it
to the House to determine that question, and that
the question was debatable. The Chair also said
that he had looked into the precedents and found
that they sustained the decision made some days
before. The gentleman from New York then
made a speech, and the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Bgrvett] replied to it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If the gen-
tleman from New York will give way for that
purpose, I will move to postpone this resolution.
Mr. BURNS. I do not want it postponed. I
want it considered now.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. "Well, sir,
there are a couple of thousand men out among the
snows of Utah that must be assisted. The House
has set the Army bill for this day. I regard that
as a much more importantquestion than this,and
I move to postpone it for one month.
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot make
that motion pending the appeal.
Mr. MAR-SHALL, of Kentucky. Is my mo-
tion not in order5
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well, I will
make it as soon as it is in order.
Mr. SAYAGE Is it in order to move to lay
the whole subject upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks nut. The
effect would be to deprive the gentleman from
New York of his right to speak, in case the de-
cision of the Chair should bo sustained. The
Chair decides, according to his recollection of the
facts, and in consequence of the modification of
the preamble, that the gentleman from New York
is entitled to the floor. The gentleman from Al-
abama appeals from the decision of the Chair
upon the ground that the gentleman from New
York has already once addressed the House upon
this question, and is not entitled to ad dross it again
upon the same subject until every other gentleman
who desires to speak shall first have been heard.
The question is, ^Shol! the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. STEVENfeON. May 1 ask the Chair in
what the modification of the gentleman from New
York consists ?
The SPEAKER. The modification is to the
preamble of the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say, in regard to
that part of the grounds for the decision of the
Chair, that I do not think it good, for thiarea-
son: that as soon as the Chair awarded the floor
to the gentleman from N<*w York I at once rose,
and before the modification was read I objected to
his speaking, and claimed the floor.
Mr. LEITER. I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. On that question I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
know whether it is not in order to postpone the
whole subject in order to get at the bill in refer-
ence to the Army ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. -
Mi;. HOUSTON. If, by the withdrawal of my
appeal, the Chair will then entertain the gentle-
man's motion to postpone the whole question, I
will, for the present, withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hoard] is entitled to the floor. If he
yields the floor to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Mar?iiul,] the motion can be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do nof wish to depuve
myself of the right to make the point of order
hereafter.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask the
gentleman to yield me the floor to make the mo-
tion to postpone the subject.
Mr. HOAJID. If it be the desire of the House,
I have no objection.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
postpone the subject for a month from to-day.
Mr. SAVAGE. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion.
Mr. BURNETT. Is the motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. To a limited extent.
Mr. BURNETT. Then I have this to say: that
I do hope that the House will not postpone the
consideration of the subject, for this reason: it is
due to the member against whom an imputation
has been made that he should have a hearing. It
is due to him that this question should be disposed
of m some way; and, in my judgment, it is not
treating that member with justice for the House
to postpone the matter against his wish. Itisdue
to him that he should be heard, and that this thing
should be disposed of by the House finally in some
way or other. The postponement of it from time
to time is not dealing with him justly. Hence, I
ask the House not to postpone the question, but
to dispose of it at once.
There is another reason why it should not be
postponed. The charge that has been made by
the gentleman from New York, in which he places
himself as the prosecutor, has gone forth to the
country. His resolution has been published
throughout the extent of the country. Com-
ments have been made upon it by the newspaper
press prejudicial to the gentleman from Ohio. His
reputation will not suffer in the estimation of those
who are fair men, and who understand the facts.
Still, the gentleman from Ohio ought to have the
benefit of having the entire question disposed of.
I have no doubt myself, from facts within my
knowledge, that the charge is as baseless as it
is possible for a charge to be; and, if I were per-
mitted to give my opinion in regard to it, I would
say that the chargc was not only baseless, but
was as contemptible a charge as could be made.
It could have been prompted by no desire 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky must confine himself strictly to the question
of postponement.
Mr. BURNETT. I say, sir, that the post-
ponement of the charge will result in doing in-
justice to the gentleman from Ohio, because it
will enable the member who, in my judgment,
was prompted by malice 
Mr. HOARD. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is not in order.
Mr. BURNETT. The postponement of the
question would enable the gentleman who made
the charge to have the full benefit of it, in break-
ing down and destroying the reputation of the
gentleman from Ohio, who is, in my judgment,
fully his equal in every respect.
Mr. HOARD. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word r
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOARD. I have twice disclaimed having
any personal hostility or unkindness towards the
member from Ohio.
Mr. BURNETT. YTes, sir; the gentleman has
a right to make the disclaimer,and X give him the
benefit of it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky must confine himself strictly to the question
of postponement.
Mr. BURNETT. Itissomowhatembarrassing,
but I will endeavor to do so. The gentleman sap
that he disclaims any thing like personal feeling in
the matter. That may be so; I will not say that
it is not so. But I do say, that the manner and
mode in which the charge was made, and the cir-
cumstances attending it, will not make any; bad
impression on the mind of any man acquainted
with the facts. I hope that this House will not
postpone the matter, but will dispose of it at once,
and give the gentleman from Ohio a full and fair
hearing. Would that I had been permitted to
notice some other matters, not exactly connected
with the postponement of the question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Certainly
nothing was further from my intention than by my
motion to operate any injustice to the party whose
conduct is called in question by the proceedings.
