1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
man. What I read was as a part of the evidence
going; to make up common fame, I did not know
the gentleman from Ohio [Air. Burns] at the time.
At the first opportunity which presented itself, I
disclaimed any personal hostifity to him.
There seems to be a disposition on the part of
certain gentlemen to turn the attention of the
House from a matter of great general interest to
one of personal concern between the gentleman
from Ohio and myself. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] is reputed to have
made some offensive remarks to me, which were,
I believe, predicated upon a mistaken under-
standing of the facts. Certainly this is nota time
•when there should be a studied effort to incite
difficulties and hostilities between members, I
see no reason why there should be any unkind-
ness. Let me say to the gentleman, that while
I will pray not to be led into temptation, I hope
the gentleman from Kentucky will pray to be de-
livered from evil. 4
I will, as briefly as I can, endeavor to present
this case to the House. In passing, I will say to
the gentleman from, Ohio [Mr. Burns] that, be-
fore I had taken my seat at the time I offered the
first resolution, word came to me that a gentle-
man from Illinois had twice tried to get the floor,
to confirm some of the statements of the article
from which I quoted. It was because of this,
and other facts which had been communicated to
me, that I took the action afterwards which I did.
I am not here to wound the reputation of any gen-
tleman. I hope no man is here desiring to wound
my reputation.
I will further say to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Burns,] that before 1 take my seat I will
give to him and to the House the name of the gen-
tleman from whom this comes. It is due to the
gentleman that he should know that the reason
why I could not retract when he asked me to do
so, was because of information which I had re-
ceived. When I first offered the resolution call-
ing for a committee, I knew that two committees
had been raised by this House for the purpose of
investigations upon common newspaper reports,
and I therefore thought it proper to move for a
general investigation into a matter in which every
gentleman here is certainly as deeply interested
as I am. In the case of Lawrence, Stone & Co.,
in which a committee was raised, no name had
been mentioned, either in the House or out of it,
in connection with that matter. It was a mere
newspaper statement that $87,000 had been
charged upon the books of the firm as having
been used to procure the passage of a bill through
Congress. That simple statement, sir, was con-
sidered a sufficient ground for raising a commit-
tee of investigation. Having this example before
me, the House having shown a disposition to
take care of its character and to refute all charges
affecting its dignity and purity, I did not sup-
pose, when I introduced the resolution, that any
resistance or opposition would be made to it. I
stated to the House what I knew, and what I have
never since heard disputed, that common fame
charged that political influences would carry the
Lecompton measure through the House, and that
fears were expressed on the other side that such
would be the case. I introduce the following
authorities to show that common fame is good
ground of inquiry:
" Mr. Montagu. It was not for want of zeal til at I did
not trouble you the last deba'e. I am sen*ibje ot the mis-
eries we he undei through the los-j of our bill in the Lonte'
Ilou^e. It has been ahvavs the puvilege of tho IIou*o of
Commons to u-=e common iamo as amnioimation of things.
The best of Parliaments have done it, and the best of Kings
have granted it. Common fame &aysthat 'Lmd Ilaliuix
advised,' and since, he has owned, the dissolution of the la^t
Parliament, f think, theiefore, that in justice you can do
no less than vote him an enemy to the King and kingdom,
and address hi^ Majesty that he would be pleased to mnove
George, Eurl of Ilahfsx, from his council*."
" You are told < it is not fit to accuse a man barely upon
common fame.' There is a great difference betwixt com-
mon tame and rumor. Ruinot is vox plchii, (she vulgar;)
but common fame is vox pnpuli—everybody is convinced ot
it, and m Ins own mind he bears the conviction of it to be
tiue. fie is suspected not only by common character but
actioiib. In the best and most sedate times, Parliaments
have aHvavs proceeded upon this of common fame. Henry
IV. was no weak prince, and not much in awe ot his sub-
jects ; but the Lords and Common* lepiesented to the King
their desires that he would remove an abbot trorri him, and
another of his bedchamber. The Iving said ' he knew no
fault in them ; but because they were odious to his people,
he would remove them.' In Henry VI. V. thnc,De .La Pole,
Duke of Suffolk:, upon common fame that be was nota true
man, came in to justify himself; and thougn some were of
opinion he should not be committed*, yet no man but that
he should be removed. In the late King's time, all the
knowing men of that time—Lord Straftoid.Mr. Mason, &c.,
were of opinion that common fame vvasasufficientground
to address the King for the removal of a person. I am afraid
that, in the case of this Lord, common fame i? m the right,
and, therefore, my opinion is, to address the King, that he
m.sy be removed."
"Sir Francis Winningtojt. I think those words,( clan-
destine and private.' are liable to objections. But I am sur-
prised that gentlemen should be so rigorous to-day, when the
addre-s is resolved. I thank God I have this quality, and I
hope I ever shall keep it, to speak my mind plainly; and if
we speik not now, we are all undone. Though I have a
great honor for this Lord, to alter our minds by the inter-
mission of one Sunday, is a great reflection upon us. to be
unsettled in our mind. It was the defamation of the House
of Commons the last twenty years, that they did neither
consider the interest of God, nor of their country 5 butnow
to see a tenderness, when a great person is concerned!
(Though he has many good qualities, yet I am sorry to see so
much coohnginthis. when all is at stake.) But this address
not a 'judgment'upon tins Lord, (as is said ) I say it is no
judgment at all; but the House, upon common fame, believes
that Lord Halifax did advise the dissolution of the last Par-
liament, though he &aid he was against the prorogation. This
is no judging him ; he has given ill counsel to the King, and
we are going to give luni good. As for impeachment, though
common lame is no ground to convict, yet it is to accuse.
If you cannot relieve your&elves upon common fame, where
you can have no witness, you will never remove any man.
You have a ground for this address, though not for judg-
ment. We come from all parts of the kingdom, and must
hear the opinion of the people. I am for leaving out the
words ' clandestine and secret/ because it has been open.
We are the great council of the kingdom; when we see ill
counsel given, and we give good ! lam uneasy for a friend,
but easy for the kingdom. I would have the words ' clan-
destine,5 See., left out, and the words ' of dissolution of the
last Parliament' in, and I hope you will not reverse your
address."
Now, sir, here was a common report, certainly
as definite and as full as in the case of Lawrence,
Stone & Co., and I supposed that the course which
I proposed was well calculated to further the
desire of the House to remove the charges rest-
ing upon it, and to vindicate its rights and privi-
leges.
Sir, I believe, that in the wandering of the ex-
ecutive department from its constitutional path
of duty, is to be found the very germ of all the
wrongs which now justly alarm the country.
Sir, what is the sum of $87,000 to be expended
upon this House in comparison with the millions
that may be expended by the Executive r If per-
sonal considerations are offered to the members
of this House to control their action here, what
is the difference whether it be in dollars and cents,
or patronage and place ?
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that this is a legit-
imate question of privilege. What are the priv-
ileges of this House ? I suppose the privilege of
the House to cover the right to legislate freely,
without restraint, without interference, and with-
out external influences of any kind; and I sup-
pose that any measures taken with a view to
bias or sway the action of this House by consid-
erations other than of a public nature, are breaches
of the privileges of the House, no matter whether
they come from a manufacturing company or from
the executive department of the Government.
This, sir, is a representative Government, and
when an individual or an officer of the Govern-
ment induces a Representative to misrepresent
the will of his constituents, he strikes a vital blow
at the privileges of the House. I have some au-
thorities here to show that common fame is a
sufficient ground for an investigation.
I know it will be said that in the cases reported,
common fame charged an offense against a single
individual. But I say here, sir, that it is com-
mon fame that the Executive now and in years
past has operated upon this House to influence
its action, and that state of things cannot exist
unless some individual has been operated upon.
And when it is thus proven that the Executive is
influencing this House, it cannot be necessary, it
seems to me, for us to take proof as to the man
upon whom the effort has been made, or to whom
the corrupt proposition has been made, before
we have a right to investigate. The investiga-
tion is for the very purpose of bringing out that
proof.
Now, sir, there are numerous authorities in
pailiamentary debates to show that there shall be
no interference on the part of the Executive to
influence, or sway, 01* bias, the action ot the legis-
lative department.
From Gray's Debates, volume 1, page 4,1 quote:
" Sir Thomas Littleton said: They procure royal as-
sentto abili before its time—a violation of our privileges. -
At that time it was a violation of the privileges
of the Commons to procure the royal assent to a
measure before its passage.
Sir Thomas Gower said: The Commons took notice
that the proceedings were told the King before the time."
« Resolved, nemine contradicente, That no member of this
House shall accept of any office or place of profit from the
Crown, without the leave of this House, or any promise of
any such office or place of profit, during such time* as he sfaall
continue a member of this House; [and that all offenders
herein shall be expelled this House."]
But, sir, it is said that there is no precedent for
this proceeding-. Well, if that be so, it is for the
House to establish a precedent, otherwise cor-
ruption must go on, and the House will never be
able to stop it, I suppose, for want of a precedent.
If we depend on precedents, we can never move
in a new case, no matter of what magnitude. I
hold that we are here to judge of the fitness of
things; and that if a new question is presented to-
day, we areas competent to decide it as the House
of Commons was two hundred years ago. I hold
that it is the high duty of this House to investi-
I gate this question with all deliberation; and if
1 there is no precedent by which we can arrest the
intermeddling' of the executive department of the
Government with the legislative department, let
us establish the precedent now; and do so with
all deliberation.
Now, sir, the question presented to the House
and to the country is not the narrow, personal
question that has been unfortunately sought to
be raised between the gentleman from Ohio and
myself; but it is the question whether this House
has power to redeem and vindicate its power, its
\ rights, and its independence. I trust thatnogen-
1 tleman will be disposed to throw aside that ques-
tion until the House shall have said to the execu-
tive department, " take off your hands;" until
! the House shall have rid itself of the incubus that
has pressed upon it for the last eight years. Are
we to say, by our action to-day, that we cannot
relieve ourselves of it? Are we to say to the Ex-
ecutive, "Go on; corrupt all you can with the
vast Government influence; carry your measures
by the power of your patronage; prostitute the
Legislature; absorb the Government?" Are we
to do that, or are we to establish this as a ques-
tion of privilege—that this House will, in vin-
dication of its integrity and of its independence,
institute the necessary investigations ?
If there is no precedent, let us approach this as
an original question. Let us weigh it, and let us
consider it with the candor and deliberation due
to its importance as an original question. If this
be not a question of privilege, and one of the
highest magnitude, I would like gentlemen to tell
| me what would constitute such a question? If
i this is notnow technically within the rule of ques-
! tions of privilege, let us make it one. It is said
j that no person is named here. Well, the fact
; being established by common fame that the Ex-
ecutive does intermeddle with the House, brings
! suspicion upon every opponent of the Adminis-
! tration in the House.
\ Sir, in moving in this matter, I was not in pur-
; suit of the victim, but of the offender. I was not
| m pursuit of, nor did I desire to expose or wound
i the feelings of any man who might be acted upon;
j but I desired to expose to the country any mat-
I ter of corruption that might have been perpe-
, trated.
I Now, sir, is it possible that we are not to arrest
' the robber until we can name the person who has
been robbed ? Is it possible that we may not ar-
; rest the assassin until we have named the person
i who has been assassinated ? Sir, I protest that
i this is a question of privilege, within the fair scope
| of the authorities, and that it ought to be so set-
tled and determined by this House. I insist that
the House owes it to its dignity td declare and
establish such rule in this case as will enable in-
i vestigations to be instituted in all similar cases,
as questions of privilege in the future.
' Mr. Speaker, will it be competent for me to go
into an examination of the consequences of this
: intermeddling in the legislation of the country, in
' order to show why an investigation should be had?
, I desire to present to the House, then, in connec-
' tion with this general subject, some startling facts,
| which I hope gentlemen will notice, to show that
the House owes it to itself to make this.fi ques-
i tion of privilege, if it is not already one, in order
! that it maybe saved from further demoralization.
I I will state that in 3826 the subject of executive
! patronage engaged the attention of the Senate;
