968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
and a committee was very promptly raised to in-
vestigate the subject, with the Hon. Thomas H.
Benton at its head. In 1834 another committee
was raised upon the same subject, with Hon. John
C.Calhoun at its head. Now, I propose to state
to the House what was the condition of the coun-
try, in regard to its expenditures, when Mr. Ben-
ton made his report, and how that executive pat-
ronage has progressed since that time. When
the first report was made upon this subject, by
Colonel Benton, in 1826, it contained alarming
statements as to the dangerous nature and extent
of Cxecutive patronage at that time. Mr. Cal-
houn's report, in 1834, was equally alarming in
its statements, and expressed gloomy forebodings.
Now, sir, I find that the expenses of the Govern-
ment, for civil and miscellaneous purposes, in
1800, was seventeen and eight tenths cents per head
for the population of the country; and those two
items constituted the whole corrupting fund of the
Government. In 1810thesameexpensesamounted
to fourteen and one tenth cents per head; in 1820,
twenty-four and five tenths cents; m 1826, when
this committee was organized, the expenses had
grown to twenty-nine and two tenths cents per
head; in 1834, when Mr. Calhoun's committee
was raised, the same expenses amounted to twen-
ty-eight and eight tenths cents, something less
than was the fact when Mr. Benton's committee
reported, showing the effect of the first investi-
gation had been to check the increase of that pat-
ronage. But, sir, I go on. In 1840, no action
to check this patronage having since been taken,
the expenses for civil and miscellaneous purposes
had swollen to thirty-one and one tenth cents per
head. Now, mark you, in 1850 it had grown to
fifty cents; and in 1857, to ninety-three and five
tenths! Now, sir, this miscellaneous-expenses
account of the Government in 1857—just for pin-
money, just for sundries—this corrupting fund,
in 1857, exceeded the whole expenses of the Gov-
ernment in 1840 for the support of the Army
and Navy, and for civil and miscellaneous pur-
poses.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Mr. Hickey, assistant clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a bill to pro-
vide for the issuing service and return of original
and final process in the circuit and district courts
of the United States in certain cases; in which he
was instructed to ask the concurrence of the
House.]
Mr. HOARD. I repeat, that for the miscella-
neous expenses of the Government alone, in 1857,
the amount of money paid was greater than for
the Army, Navy, the civil list, and miscellaneous
purposes in 1840!
Mr. &UITMAN. I call the gentleman from
New York to order. I am disposed to indulge the
fullest discussion upon the subject; but, sir, from
the important business that is to come before the
House to-day, I make the point of order, that I do
not see what a general discussion on the expenses
of the Government has to do with the question
under consideration.
Mr. HOARD. I had finished what I had to
say upon that subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the ques-
tion of order has been well taken. He thinks the
gentleman from New York has wandered off from
the direct question before the House.
Mr. HOARD. I promised before I took my
seat to give the names of the gentlemen from
whom I received the information alluded to at the
commencement. I do it for the purpose of reliev-
ing myself from any imputation or suspicion of
being actuated from malice, or by any improper
motive, which I had previously disclaimed. I
was informed before I took my seat on the day
when I first offered my resolution, and read from
the New YorkTribune, that Mr. Morris, of Illi-
nois, had twice endeavored to obtain the floor—
and I see by the reported proceedings of that day
that he did endeavor to get the floor—to make
some confirmation of the truth of the facts alleged,
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bdrns] de-
nied.
Mr. HOUSTON. State what the gentleman
from Illinois was going to say.
Mr. HOARD. Mr. Morris, of Illinois, tried
to get the floor to make the explanation I have
referred to. The gentleman from Ohio will re-
member that the first sentence in the article I read
from the Tribune stated that, until a certain day,
he was supposed to be against the Lecomptonites.
His denial before the House was full against the
statements of the Tribune, from the beginning to
the end. Mr. Harris of Illinois, Mr. Morris of
Illinois, and Mr. Smith of Illinois, all of them had
informed me, before I received his letter, that, so
far as the first statement in the letter to the Tribune !
was concerned, it certainly was not false. They j
stated that the gentleman from Ohio had been !
reckoned to go with them; that he had counseled j
with them. I only refer to this to show that I am
not guilty of the malice which has been charged.
Mr. Morris, of Illinois, did not state to me that
he tried to get the floor to make that statement;
but I was informed by a member that it was for
that purpose he sought the floor.
Mr. BLAIR. I think it due to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Hoard] to say, that I stated
to him what Mr. Morris, of Illinois, had told
me in relation to this matter. My recollection of
what Mr. Morris stated is substantially what
the gentleman alleges. Mr. Morris, after Mr.
Burns voted against Mr. Harris's resolution, ap-
proached Mr. Burns and inquired about that vote.
It had been previously understood that he would
vote for the resolution, and against the Lecompton j
constitution. Mr. Morris told him that he was |
surprised at the vote he had given. Mr. Burns i
gave the reason for that vote, substantially as the
gentleman from New York has alleged. I con- |
sider it due to the gentleman from New York to j
make this statement publicly before the House. !
I stated to him what Mr. Morris had told me was j
the conversation which had occurred between Mr. !
Burns and himself. j
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman, I under-
stand,states what the gentleman from Illinois had
told him. It is not the gentleman's statement of
what took place between himself and the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. BLAIR. No, sir; I only undertake to
state what the gentleman from Illinois told me.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I hadknown that, I would
have objected. I would not have allowed the
House to have dignified the statement by receiv-
ing it.
Mr. BLAIR. "What was the gentleman's re- j
mark ?
Mr. HOUSTON. My remark was this: that
if I had known the statement was not of the gen- .
tleman's own knowledge in the matter, I would j
have objected.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to ask a question of
the gentleman from Missouri, to fix the time of
the conversation which he has detailed. Did that
conversation which the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Morris] had with the genfleman from Ohio
[Mr. Burns] occur after the vote of the latter had
been given?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir. I think the gentleman
from Illinois stated that it occurred several days
subsequently.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman has a state-
ment of his own to make, I shall not object;
otherwise, I shall. If we are to hear of this con-
versation between the gentleman from Illinois !
and the gentleman from Ohio, lot us hear it from
one of the parties involved.
Mr. HOARD. I think it due to myself and
the gentleman from Ohio, to make the statements
which are now before the House. I believe I
have said all I desire to say. As I understand
the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, I do
not object to it. On the contrary, I accept it as j
a modification of my own. I
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Speaker, I do not know I
that I shall favor the investigation which has been ;
asked. I apprehend that this House should have !
something to say as to the propriety of this inves- !
tigation. Investigations are asked almost every
day, and committees allowed almost as a matter ,
of course. Gentlemen refrain from objecting to i
them from'what I conceive to be a false sense of 1
delicacy. It may barely be possihle that I shall
differ from most of the gentlemen surrounding me
on this side of the House. I do not think that I
shall favor the proposition of my colleague. If I
vote against it, and differ from those around me,
I only say that, while I mean no disrespect to
them, I shall follow the dictates of my own judg-
merit.
When the resolution was originally introduced
by the gentleman from New York, [Sir. Hoard,]
I thought it was ill-timed. The reason I thought
it ill-timed was, that it was based alone on this
extract from a letter to the Tribune:
" Washington, February 30, 1838.
" I learn that until Monday morning it wag expected that
Burns, of Olno, would vote against the Lecomptonites. On
the morning oi'tliat day, however, he came to another per-
ception of his du'y, on the understanding with the PieMdtiit
that his son.in^aw should retain the valuable ptaeo of post-
master at Keokuk, Iowa, and that he himself should be grat-
ified with the office of mai&hal of the northern district of
Ohio, when his present term in the House is completed."'
The common fame to which the gentleman refers
is founded upon reports that such and such things
are being done round this House; and it is upon
these reports he bases the call for an investigation.
I shall vote against the investigation upon any
such basis. When a question is brought into this
House, upon an irresponsible paragraph like this,
with the statement appended that common fame
says so and so, it is below the dignity of this body
to notice it, or to make it the subject of serious
action. Why, sir, take up the partisan press of the
day. Something was said against it by the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] much of which
was just and proper. There is not a day but that
each and every member of this body is ai-raigned
in an offensive manner. Men are made patriots
of, who have no virtue; and men are called ras-
cals, who have virtues. Motives are conjectured
by correspondents, and their conjecture is given
with a verity that too often induces the public to
swallow it as a truth, in regard to the action of
this body.
But I desire, Mr. Speaker, to refer to the latter
part of the extract from the New York Tribune;
and it gives me pleasure, differing with my col-
league politically, as I do, and regretting the vote
which he thought proper to give here the other
day—it gives me pleasure to bear testimony here
in my place, as his political opponent, that the
latter part of this paragraph is, within my own
knowledge, false and unjust to my colleague.
I know, sir, that he never looked to be marshal
for the northern district of Ohio. I do know, as
he has very frankly stated, that long before this
Lecompton question came before the House in its
present shape, he was the friend, and the honest
friend, of another gentleman for that position.
Now, Mr. Speaker, knowing this fact as I do,
am I, as a Representative, acting under my oath
of office to come here, and, for a purpose which it
is not necessary for me to speak of, to say by my
vote that I will sanction an investigation into the
conduct of my colleague based upon a statement,
one half of which I know to be false ? Ineverwill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this question has been
pending for some time, and it has been discussed
in this House in connection with the action of the
Executive in reference to questions pending here.
If I transcend the limits of debate in referring to
this Lecompton matter, I hope I shall be corrected.
I do not wish to do it. I say that the fact that the
President is in favor of this Lecompton measure
is patent. You have the evidence of that fact
upon your desk. "What else do we know ? We
know that when political parties have the control
of this Government, and when they marshal
themselves m favor of a political measure, the
Executive of the nation, the representative of the
great controlling party, seeks to accomplish a
national purpose. We know, without investiga-
tion, that the power and patronage of this Gov-
ernment are brought to bear to effect that object,
not, perhaps, in a direct and offensive manner,
but the recognized doctrine that " to the victors
belong the spoils" is carried out in practice, and
an Administration prefers none but its friends.
Who does not understand this? Was it ever
otherwise in the history of political parties since
the days of Jefferson ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. With the permission of my
colleague, I will toll him of one instance. 1 once
heard my old friend, John Quincy Adams charged
with having perverted his patronage to the sup-
port of his party. He rose here, in the presence
of this body, and declared that he had never ad-
vised the appointment of any man in any Depart-
ment of this Government save one, and that was
when his honor, Judge McLean, was Postmaster
General of the United States. An old friend of
Mr. Adams, and a friend of his father, called on
him, and he wrote a note to Mr. McLean, saying
that he should by very much gratified to have this
friend appointed a deputy postmaster. Mr. Mc-
Lean returned, for answer, that the man was unfit
