972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,4
and I say it without desiring to reflect upon the
regulars—the regular force, superior in numbers,
had been repulsed. I say they were repulsed,
because the fact is true. They were repulsed; but
it was with immense loss. They fought long and
well; a great number of officers fell. No troops
could have fought better than Colonel Garland's;
yet they were repulsed, and the batteries were
carried by my brigade of volunteers. Tell me,
then, about the volunteers running on the first
fire! The whole conduct of the volunteers does
not warrant the charge.
Another charge is, that they are destructive of
public property. It is my duty, of all other men,
to deny this charge. I commanded volunteers
during the whole period of my service in Mexico,
and I have some experience in the matter. I can
express my confident belief that never was there
an invading army to whose charge could be laid
so few depredations upon private property. So
far as my observation extends, wherever they
marched, the volunteers left behind them smiling
villages and a happy people. In the first portion
of my service, I commanded a field brigade of
volunteers, and in the latter portion a division of
volunteers; and I will say, what I am ready to
stake my character on, that $100 would coverall
the injury to private property uncompensated, ex-
cept in battle.
It is said that when they occupied Santa An-
na's palace, they cut and slashed pictures, and
other furniture. This may be so, but. I do not
know it, and do not believe it. On the 21st of
April, 1847,1 established my headquarters in the
parlor of Santa Anna's palace at Encero. I see
before me an officer then under my command,
General Moore, of Alabama, who was present
on that occasion. An agent of Santa Anna had
abandoned the place out of fear of these terrible
fellows, "Los Voluntaries!" The house was
plainly furnished. When the troops were about
leaving it, the younger officers left a note hanging
from the chandelier, directed to Santa Anna, in-
forming liim that on that anniversary of the battle
of San Jacinto, tbey had availed themselves of his
hospitality, and thanking him for it. The rear
guard had scarcely got off the ground when the
agent returned, He looked about, and saw that
nothing had been injured. Immediately he came
in post haste, and addressing me thanked me for
having left everything as we had found it.
The amount of injury done depends very much,
if not altogether, on the amount of restraint which
an-officer imposes upon his men. But there is a
high moral restraint resting upon the volunteers,
because they are of our own people. Some of
them may brag very largely, and even assume an
air of ferocity; but you will find in almost every
man of them a heart that bleeds at woman's sor-
row, and abhors the infliction of any cruelty.
The charge that the volunteers are less humane,
and are disposed to do more unnecessary injury
than others, is altogether contrary to my experi-
ence; and I pronounce it an unjust imputation
upon the American character.
Mi. Speaker, I had no intention, when I rose,
of trespassing so long upon the attention of the
House. I must pass, now, to a brief detail of
the provisions of the bill reported. The bill con-
tains, first, a positive provision that a regiment
of mounted men shall be raised m Texas for the
defense of the frontier of that State. It then goes
on to give authority to the President of the Uni-
ted States, should he deem it proper, to call out
four regiments of volunteers in any of the adjoin-
ing States, or elsewhere, as he may see fit—
" For the purpose of quelling distil' banjos m the Terri-
tory of LTtail, foi the protection of supply and enif^iant !r;um-,
ami the suppiesston of Indian hostilities outhenoithein and
northwestern frontiers."
They are to be raised for the specified purposes
only—purposes which I believe will be approved
by all parties. We all know that the defense of
the Texas frontier is necessary. The Governor
of Texas has sent information to the Senators and
Representatives from that State, and has called
upon General Twiggs, commanding that depart-
ment, to protect the frontier from Indian depre-
dations. General Twiggs has replied that he has
no troops for that purpose, a part ofhis command
having been ordered out with the Utah expedition.
It is proposed to provide a regiment for that pur-
pose, to be called into the service for eighteen
months. They will then pass through two sum-
mer campaigns before they are disbanded, and will
probably accomplish the purpose for which they
are required. We propose, then, to authorize the
President, in his discretion, to call for four regi-
ments of infantry onnounted men,as he may pre-
fer, for the purpose of putting an end to the diffi-
culties in Utah, suppressing Indian hostilities, and
protecting the emigrant trains across the western
plains.
The bill has been matured with great care under
the eye of my associates on the committee, four
or five of whom have seen service in Mexico, and
know what provisions are proper for the organi-
zation of this description of force. These details,
I believe, meet with the entire approval of the
whole committee. Many of the features of the
bill have been contained in other bills that have
preceded it. The pay is the same as that of the
same arm in the regular service, and no more,
with the exception that in the case of the Texas
regiment the mounted men shall furnish their
own horses, and the United States shall pay the
hire of those horses. I will not discuss the details
of the bill now, but if I am well enough to make
any remarks at the close of the debate, I shall en-
deavor to do so. I think the details of the bill will
be satisfactory when they become known.
There is one remark which 1 omitted to make
in reference to the comparison between the policy
of relying for temporary purposes upon the regu-
lar force and that of accepting the services of vol-
unteers or of the militia, and it is this: during the
last year, the regular Army of the United States
lost three thousand men by desertion 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I trust the gentleman
from Mississippi will have the unanimous con-
sent of the House to proceed. I am suie no gen-
tleman will object.
Mr. KEITT. I trust the House will grant the
leave.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It must not be
considered as a precedent.
No objection was made.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. Mr. Speaker, I did not ask
for this extension of time, and am, therefore, the
more grateful to the House for giving it to me.
I merely desire to conclude the remark I was
making. Ic may be that the volunteer service,
which I regard as the proper one for temporaly
purposes, is a little more expensive than the em-
ployment of the regular Army, but there are two
things to be considered in regard to it. In the first
place, itdissem mates throughout the country some
military knowledge, and places it in the hands of
the citizens generally, instead of confining it to
the small class of men who are devoted to the
profession of arms. Even though it may involve
an expense of a few thousand dollars more, this
extension of military knowledge and experience
will be a benefit to the country in time of need.
But, again, this evil of desertion is a matter
worthy of consideration. It is increasing in out-
Army, and I do not see how it is to be prevented.
It cannot be prevented by the infliction of heavier
penalties;for no punishment short of death could
possibly prevent it, and I doubt very much if even
that would; and it would be painful to resort to it
when the soldier is not in the presence of the
enemy. Never, I believe, has the habit been
more rife.
It has been said that Colonel Sumner's regi-
ment lost, in less than three months, four hun-
dred men by desertion. Now you do not hear of
volunteers Ueseiting. When did you hear of a
single volunteer becoming a deserter, and sub- !
jeetmg himself to bo branded as such ? They
never desert.
But with the regular troops the evil has in-
creased to such an extent as to attract the atten- '
tiun of the country. How is that evil to be rem- i
, edied ? It must be by moral influence; by infusing i
I the regular troops with the spirit that animates I
| the volunteers. The evil may arise, in a great I
| measure, from the fact that the men who compose i
; our regular Army are irresponsible men, who care !
j nothing for the country, or their own characters, i
I Many of them enlist, perhaps, for the purpose of
| getting the bounty, and with the intention to de-
! sert whenever they get to the West; and they do I
[ desert, whenever they get into sparsely-settled j
: countries, where there is little chance of being i
1 awoafasl nc diioorfflrti I I
arrested as deserters.
So, Mr. Spe.ikci, taking
all these things into
consideration, it seems clear to me that we want
the volunteers. If we desired to have a perma-
nent force, it might be better to enlist men; but if
it is merely wanted temporarily, let us make use
of the best force a nation ever had—American
volunteers.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting communications from the Secretary
of War and the Secretary of the Interior, in an-
swer to a resolution ofthe Houseofthe5th ultimo,
requesting certain information in regard to the
number of troops, whether regulars, volunteers,
drafted men, or militia, engaged in the service of
the United States during the last war with Grtat
Britain; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
COURT OF CLAIMS REPORTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
report from the Court of Claims.
The adverse reports were ordered to be placed
upon the Calendar, and the bills referred to the
Committee of Claims; being considered read a
first and second time.
ORDNANCE OFFICERS, ETC.
I; The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
'] letter from the Secretary of the Navy, transmit-
mg statements of the Fourth and Fifth Auditors
of the Treasury, in compliance with a resolution
of the House of Representatives of 14th June,
1848; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
MEMORIAL OF NEBRASKA LEGISLATURE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
memorial and joint resolutions ofthe Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Nebraska, praying
appropriations for that Territory; which were
referred to the Committee on Territories.
MARYLAND CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent presented the reply of Mr. J. Morrison Har-
ris to the memorial of Mr. Whyte, contesting his
seat; and asked that the same be ordered to be
printed.
It was so ordered.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BISHOP. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. GARNETT. On that I call for the yeas
and nays. It is only half past three o'clock.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] desires
the floor to speak on this bill. I hope, therefore,
that the motion to adjourn will be withdrawn,
and that the gentleman will be heard on the propo-
sition to increase the Army.
Mr. KEITT. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Chair: whether, if the House adjourn at this
jj stage of the proceedings on the Army bill, that
| will necessarily be the first question to-morrow ?
; and second, whether the gentleman from Con-
! nectieut, [Mr. Bishop,] having obtained the floor
I and made the motion to adjourn, will have the
i floor on the Army bill?
! The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
| latter question when the contingency arises. As
to the first question, the Chair states that the
, first business in order in the morning will be the
| call of the Committee of Claims for reports from
i the Court of Claims.
! Mr. KEITT. Then the first business to-mor-
row will be, not the Army bill, but the regular
course •of proceedings on private-bill day >
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will it not be the
first question on Monday or Tuesday ? The rea-
son it will not be the first question to-morrow is
because it will be private-bill day.
The SPEAKER. It will come up the first bus-
iness in order when the morning hour is reached.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is there a mo-
tion to recommit pending?
The SPEAKER. There is.
The yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn
were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-five minutes to four, p. m.) the House
ailjounird.
