1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
975
JOHN g. CLAYTON.
Mr. BUFFINTON, from the same committee,
roade an adverse report in the ease of John G.
Clayton, for a horse lost by said Clayton in the
eervjeo of the Government; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
e. w. palmer and others.
Mr. HAWKINS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of E. W.
Palmer and others; which was read a first and
second time,referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and,with the report, ordered to be printed.
hiram paulding.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Hiram
Paulding; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the report, ordered to be printed.
blythe island.
Mr. SEWARD proposed to report back House
bill No. 89, relative to the continuation of the
United States works at Blythe Island, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. KELSEY. Is that a private bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not, and cannot be re-
ceived.
JOHN M. BROOK.
Mr. WINSLOW,from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, repoited a bill for the relief of John
M. Brook; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
francis dainese.
Mr. BURLINGAME, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Francis Damese; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
charles l. denman.
Mr. CLINGMAN, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, made an adverse report in the
case of Charles L. Denman, United States consul
at Acapuleo, Mexico; which was laidoa the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLINGMAN stated that he had been re-
quested to make a report for the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Sickles.] He could not now
obtain possession of the bill, and hoped that leave
would be given to make the report any time in
the course of the day.
peter van buskirk.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill
providing an increase of pension for Peter Van |
Busbrk, of Washington, in the District of Co- j
lumbia; which was road a first and second time, j
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and, ;
with the report, ordered to be printed. j
john harris. |
Mr. SEARING, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of John Harris, of Warren county, Kentucky;
"which was read a first and second time, referred j
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of j
the Union, and, with the report, "Ordered to be j
printed.' J
JEMIMA DAMON. j
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina, from the Com- j
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, made an ad- j
verse report on the petition of Jemima Damon, j
widow of Jedediah Damon; which was laid on the j
table,and ordered to be printed. j
w. p. rathbone. j
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina, also from the j
same committee, reported back the petition of W.
P. Rathbone, in behalf of the widow and children
of Caleb Wood, deceased; which was referred to
the Committee oil Invalid Pensions.
john campbell.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of John
Campbell; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the.Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
captain stanton shoals.
Mr. BURNS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Captain
Stanton Shoals; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
mary blattenberger.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill, granting a pension to
Mary Blattenberger; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the report, ordered to
be printed.
nancy magill.
Mr. BURNS, from the same committee, re-
ported abill for the relief of Nancy Magill; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
adverse reports.
Mr. BURNS, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the cases of Mary Thompson,
John Ketchum, and John K. Tucker; which were
laid on the table, and the reports ordered to be
printed.
samuel hamilton.
Mr. CASE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, submitted an adverse report in the case
of Samuel Hamilton; winch was laid upon tho
table, and ordered to be printed.
george middleton.
On motion of Mr. CASE, the Committee on
Invalid Pensions was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of George Middle-
ton; and the same was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
WILLIAM SUTTON AND JOSEPH WEBB.
Mr. CASE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which wore
severally re id a first and second time, referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying reports, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of William Sutton; and
A bill for the relief of Joseph Webb.
edwin m. chaffee.
Mr. EDIE, from the Committee on Patents, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Edwin M. Chaffee;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, %vith the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
house printer.
On moticin of Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, the
Committee on Printing was discharged from the
further consideration of the petitions of James B.
Stedmanand Major Knapp; and the same were
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
POLICE REGULATIONS OP WASHINGTON.
Mr. GOODE, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill granting certain
additional powers to the coiporation of Wash-
ington; which was read a first anil second time by
its title.
Mr. GOODE. This is a bill in which we all
feel an interest, and I move that it be recommit-
ted to the Cnmmitteeforthe District of Columbia,
that, it may be printed before it is taken up for
consideration. I move that it be ordered to be
printed.
The bill was ordered to be printed.
james phelan.
Mr. DA VIS, of Mississippi, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill for the relief of James Phe-
lan; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
private calendar.
Mr. CHAFFEE moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to; and the_ House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, (Mr.
Washbi'RN, of Maine, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated the first question m
order to be the consideration of adverse report
(C. C. No. Ill) upon the petition of Arnold Har-
ris, administrator of Robert Armstrong.
On motion of Mr. CHAFFEE, the report was
laid aside to be reported to the House, with a
recommendation that the recommendation of the
Court of Claims be concurred in.
augustine demers.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 116) upon the
petition of Augustine Demers and others, admin-
strators of Francis Chaudonet.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I make the same motion In
reference to that case.
Mr. PALMER. The Court of Claims in this
case 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
debate is not in order, this being" objection day."
Me. PALMER. I desire to have that ease take
the same direction that was given to cases the
other day—that it be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it be referred to tho Com-
I mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
j The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
■ stand the gentleman as objecting to the considera-
I tion of the case now?
! Mr. PALMER. Yes, sir.
j joshua r. jewett.
I An adverse report (C. C. No. 123) upon thepe-
; tition of Joshua R. Jewett, heir of Joseph Jewett.
! Mr. PALMER. I object to that case also.
1 James Thompson.
! An adverse report (C. C. No, 125) on the pe!t-
1 tion of James Thompson, surviving partner of C.
1 M. Strader& Co.
j Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move that
i that case be reported to the House with therec-
! onimendation that it be referred to the Committee
j of Claims.
j The motion was agreed to.
j robert harrison.
1 An adverse report (C. C. No. 127) upon the pe-
tition of Robert Harrison.
Air. HAWKINS. I make the same motion in
that case as was made in the last ease by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the read-
ing of the report.
Mr. LEITER. I objOct to the case.
abraham KING.
An adverse report (C. C. No. J30) upon the pe-
tition of Abraham King, administrator of John
Mandeville.
Mr. PALMER. I move (hat that case be re-
ported to the House, with the recommendation
that it be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, objected to the con-
sideration of the case.
robert C. thompson.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 135) upon the pe-
tition of Robert C. Thompson, administrator of
William Thompson. [Objected to by Mr. Smith,
of Virginia.]
ellen martin.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 139) upon the pe-
tition of Ellen Martin, heir-at-law of Francis Mar-
tin. [Objected to by Mr. Palmer.]
FRANCIS NADEAU.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 140) upon the pe-
tition of Francis Nadeau, heir of Basil Nadeau.
! [Objected to by Mr. Palmer.J
j abraham r. woolley.
| An adverse report (C. C. No. 141) upon the pe-
) tition of Abraham R. Woolley.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope that
I no one will object to this case. I move that it be
j reported to the House with the recommendation
1 that it be referred to the Committee of Claims. I
could explain the merits of the case if 1 had a
right to do so.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am willing to give
the gentleman the right.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Oh, no; that will not do.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then I must object.
NATHANIEL WILLIAMS.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 145) upon the
petition of ISfathanicl Williams.
