THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, JLEL2!Z_ICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Pifth Congress,, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 9,1858.
to the owners of tracts fronting on a navigable
stream. Mr. Weems having purchased this land
in good faith, and cultivated it for many years,
without suspicion of the rightfulness of his own-
ership—holding the patent of the Government
since 1849—it is believed that no claim more just
could be presented for the intervention of Con-
New Semes....No. 62.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to th%
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
WILLIAM CONWAY.
A bill (H. R. No. 100) to revive an act entitled
" An act for the relief of the heirs, or their legal
representatives, of William Conway, deceased."
■ [Objected to by Mr. Kelsey.]
FRANCIS "WLODECKI.
A bill (H. R. No. 213) for the. relief of Francis
Wlodecki.
By the bill, Francis "Wlodecki, of Lake county,
Illinois, is authorized to locate one hundred and
twenty acres of the public lands of the United
Elates, to be selected from any of the public lands
subject to private entry, at the rate of $1 25 per
acre; and upon return being made to the General
Land Office of such location, the President is di-
rected to issue a patent therefor to Francis Wlo-
decki, provided that the same shall be in full dis-
charge for all claims which Wlodecki has on the
Government, arising under the act of Congress,
approved June 30, 1854, entitled " An act grant-
ing land to certain exiles from Poland."
There being no objection to the bill, it was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
REGIS LOISEL.
A bill (H. R. No. 214) for the relief of Regis
Loisel, or his legal representatives. [Objected
to by Mr. Underwood.]
CHARLES D. MAXWELL.
A bill (H. R. No. 216) for the relief of Doctor
Charles D. Maxwell, a surgeon in the United
States Navy.
The bill requires the accounting officers of the
Treasury (fallow and pay to Doctor Charles D.
Maxwell, surgeon in the Navy of the United
States, the difference of pay between that of the
grade of a passed assistant surgeon and a surgeon,
from the 22d of December, 1845, to the 7th of
July, 1848, being the period during which he per-
formed the duties of surgeon and assistant sur-
geon on board the United States ship Cyane, and
that the same be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The report states that on the 22dof December,
1845, Charles D. Maxwell, a passed assistant
surgeon, United States Navy, on board the United
States ship Legare, Captain William Mervine
commanding, was required to perform not only
his own duties, but those also of surgeon of the
Ship, in consequence of the detachment from the
ship of the surgeon. And the certificates of Cap-
tain Mervine and Commander Dupont, both in
command of the ship at different times during the
period of his extra service, show that he performed , j
all the medical duties of the ship from the 22d of
December, 1845, to the 7th July, 1848; and one
of them certifies that these duties were of the
most arduous character. The committee are sat-
isfied that the petitioner did perform the duties
of his own grade, and also those of the grade
above him, or double duty, and that, though his
labors and responsibilities were thereby greatly
increased, under existing laws he is restricted to
the compensation of the subordinate grade. Under j
similar circumstances, but with inferior claims to 1
increased compensation, Congress, on the 1st of
August, 1854, passed " An act for the relief of
Dr. S. R, Addison, passed assistant surgeon in
the United States Navy." The committee, there-
fore, think the petitioner equitably entitled to the j
difference between the pay of a passed assistant
surgeon, which he has already received, and the !
pay of a surgeon; and they report a bill accord- '
mgly. i
62
The bill was laid aside to- be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
CAPTORS OF THE BRITISH BRIG CALEDONIA.
A bill (Xi. R. No. 218) for the benefit of the
captors of the British brig Caledonia, in the war
of 1812.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay §25,000 to the captors of the British
brig Caledonia, on the 8th of October, 1812, on
tne Niagara river, near Fort Erie, or to their legal
representatives. The payment to be made to the
legal representatives of the late Captain Jesse D.
Elliott, to the legal representatives of the late
General Nathan Towson, then a captain of artil-
lery, and to the officers and men engaged in the
capture aforesaid, or their legal representatives^
m such proportions as each may be found to be
entitled to, according to the usages of the naval
service.
The report states that it appears from the offi-
cial account of Lieutenant Jesse D. Elliott, dated
October 9, 1812, and other documents, that being
in command of the public armed vessels at Black
Rock, he conceived the idea of capturing two
British brigs, the Detroit and Caledonia, which
had just come down Lake Erie and anchored, the
first about two miles above the fort, on the Brit-
ish side of the river, and the latter immediately
under the guns of the fort. That being short of
force, Lieutenant Elliott applied to General Smyth
for volunteers from the Army. The artillery com-
panies of Captains Towson and Barker were al-
lowed to furnish part of the quota, whilst another
portion was taken from the infantry. These
artillery companies belonged to Colonel Scott's
command. Captains Towson and Barker being
of equal rank, the command was decided by lot,
and the privilege was assigned to Captain Tow-
son. About thirty of the artillery were thus as-
signed to Captain Towson.
Two boats went off during the night of the 8th
of October, 1812, on the expedition thus planned
by Lieutenant Elliott—the lieu tenant himself com-
manding one, (with the infantry on board,) and
the other beingm charge of Sailing-master Watts,
with Captain Towson in charge of the artillerists.
After getting near the Caledonia, some hesitation
was expressed by the sailing-master as to the pos-
sibility of reaching the brig, whereupon Captain
Towson at once assumed the command of the
boat, and ordered the men to pull alongside. In a
few minutes, after a severe conflict, in which one
of his men was killed and eight others wounded,
(one of them mortally,) Captain Towson suc-
ceeded in boarding ana capturing the Caledonia,
with her valuable cargo, valued by Lieutenant
Elliott in his official dispatch at $200,000. Soon af-
ter this the Detroit surrendered to Captain Elliot.
The Detroit was afterwards burned by order of
Lieutenant Elliott, to save her from falling into the
hands of the enemy; and a similar order was given
by him in regard to the Caledonia; but Captain
Towson, not perceiving the necessity forthis,took
the responsibility of saving the latter, with her
rich cargo, and she afterwards formed a part of
Commodore Perry's fleet on Lake Erie, and ren-
dered good service, under Lieutenant Turner, in
the brilliant action of the 10th September, 1313.
David R. Whitely,one of the artillerymen, whose
opportunities of knowing all the circumstances
seem to have been good, states that he is confident
the success of the enterprise, so far as the Cale-
donia was concerned, was owing to the energy and
unflinching courage of Captain Towson, who had
the faculty of inspiring all his men with his own
resolution and spirit.
On referring to the legislation of Congress on
this subject, it does not appear that any allow-
ance has ever been made for the Caledonia or her
cargo. On July 13, 1813, Congress included in
" An act to reward the officers and crew of the
sloop-of-war Hornet,"&c., a provision " to Lieu-
tenant Elliott, his officers, and companions, &c.,
the sum of §12,000 for the capture and destruction
of the British brig Detroit." It appears, by a
certificate from the Fourth Auditor, that of the
prize money awarded by the act of July 13,1813,
Captain Towson received §400 as his distributive
share, but that the Caledonia was not included,
although the pay-roll was headed for both vessels.
The act only appropriated $12,000 for the capture
and destruction of the British brig Detroit, and no
provision has ever been made for the capture of
the Caledonia.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
WILLIAM HEINE.
A bill (H. R. No. 219) for the relief of Wil-
m ®eine> artist in the Japan expedition.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
ELIPHALET BROWN, JR.
A bill (H. R. No. 220) for the relief of EUpheJet
Brown, j r.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
MART BAINBtUDGE.
A bill (H. R. No. 221) for the relief of Mary
Bainbridge.
The bill and report were read. [Objected to by
Mr. Letcher.]
ELIZABETH E. V. FIELD.
A bill (H. R. No. 222) for the relief of Eliza-
beth E. V. Field. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
Mr. HUGHES moved th.atthe committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
KATHARINE K. RUSSELL.
A Vill (H. R. No. 223) for the relief of Katha-
rine K. Russell. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
Mr. HUGHES. 1 move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Hawkins were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 37, noes 84.
So the committee refused to rise.
STEPHEN BUNNELL.
A bill (H. R. No. 224) for the relief of Stephen
Bunnell. [Objected to by Mr. Maynard.]
CHARLOTTE BUTLER.
A bill (II. R. No. 226) for the relief of Char-
lotte Butler. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee. ]
JOHN RICHMOND.
A bill (H. R. No. 225) to increase the pensioa
of John Richmond.
The bill raises the two-thirds pension of John
Richmond, a private in the war of 1812, to a full
pension, to commence 1st of January, 1855, and
to continue during his natural life.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. DEWART moved that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee .
and Millson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
j —ayes thirty-six, noes not counted.
| So the committee refused to rise.
JOSEPH M. PLUMMER AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. R. No. 227) for the relief of Joseph
M. Piummcr and Mary R. Plummer, minor chil-
djen of Captain Samuel M. Plummer.
Mr. RITCHIE. There is a report in this case,
and a long one. If the committee will allow me,
I will state the facts in half the time it would take
to read it. This bill proposes to give these chil-
dren a pension, under the usual practice of th<*
Government by which pensions are allowed to
the minor children of persons who have died of
wounds received or disease contracted in the ser-
vice of the United States. This bill, in conform1-
ity with uniform precedent, merely fixes the pen-
d
