978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
sions until the children arrive at the age of sixteen
years.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The uniform prac-
tice of the Government, as 1 understand the gen-
eral law, is, that where a soldier or an officer has
been killed in battle, or died in the service, or in
consequence of wounds received or disease con-
tracted in the service, leaving a widow and minor
children, they receive a half-pay pension for five
years, provided that the pension shall not continue
to the children beyond the age of sixteen years.
Mr. RITCHIE. Precisely this case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. By the act of Feb-
ruary 3, 1853, you continue the pension of that
class five years longer.
Mr. RITCHIE. "Well, this provides a pension
up to sixteen years of age, and stops there.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are thou-
sands of others in the same condition. If you
relieve one, there should be a general law for all.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would
suggest to the gentleman from Tennessee that we
put a section in this bill extending this provision
so as to make it general.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee had
better prepare a bill for that purpose.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It may be
done in a very few moments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to tlie
bill.
HENRY TAYLOR.
A bill (H. R. No. 228) for the relief of Henry
Taylor.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire of
the gentleman who reported that bill why he can-
not obtain relief at the Pension Office.
Mr. ROBBINS. I do not know exactly.
Mr. LETCHER. Was there ever application
made there ?
Mr. ROBBINS. Yes, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. What was the report made
at the Pension Office ?
Mr. ROBBINS. I have not seen the report.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I think we had bet-
ter inquire into this case a little. I object to the
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, moved that the com-
mittee rise
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole House
had, according to order, had the Private Calendar
under consideration, and had directed him to re-
port to the House a recommendation that the
House concur in the following adverse reports: an
adverse report (C. C. No. Ill) upon the petition
of Arnold Harris, administrator of Robert Arm-
strong; an adverse report (C. C. No. 145) upon the
petition of Nathaniel Williams; also, that the fol-
lowing adverse report be referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims: an adverse report (C. C. No. 126)
on the petition of James Thompson, surviving
fartner of C. M. Strader & Co.; also, that the
louse had directed him to report back the follow-
ing bills, with the recommendation that they do
pass:
A bill (H. R. No. 8) for the relief of John
Hamilton;
A bill (H. R. No. 65) for the relief of Thomas
Smithers;
A bill (H. R. No. 208) for the relief of the
heirs of Alexander Stevenson;
A bill (H. R. No. 210) for the relief of the le-
gal representatives or assignees of James Law-
A bill (H. R. No. 212) for the relief of N. C.
Weems, of Louisiana;
A bill (H. R. No. 213) for the relief of Francis
Wlodecki;
A bill (H. R. No. 216) for the relief of Doctor
Charles Maxwell, a surgeon in the United States
Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 218) for the benefit of the
captors of the British brig Caledonia in the war
of 1812; and
A bill (H. R. No. 225) to increase the pension
of John Richmond.
JOHN HAMILTON.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I will ask that
the report of the committee be agreed to en masse,
after I have moved an amendment to House bill
No. 8, for the relief of John Hamilton. 1 propose
to add to the bill after the word dollars, "with
interest from the first day of June, 1852." The
bill appropriates $200 to an old soldier, and the
amendment proposes that he shall receive inter-
est on that sum from the time he perfected and
presented his proof to Congress, which was on
the day I have named. The bill has twice passed
the House, and each time only failed of becom-
ing a law by want of time. The simple question
is, whether the House will allow this poor old
soldier interest since he perfected his proof and
presented it to Congress? The Committee on
Military Affairs declined to recommend that the
interest should be allowed. I call for the pre-
vious question on the amendment, and on the en-
grossment of the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. HICKMAN moved that when the House
adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. KELSEY demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORGAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a di-
vision of the House—ayes 108, noes 36.
Mr. HICKMAN moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
JOHN HAMILTON AGAIN.
Mr. HUGHES. I understand the gentleman
to say that the failure in this case was in Con-
gress to act upon the bill.
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir; the old soldier only
asks for interest from the day he perfected his
proof. The interest will not amount to more than j
fifty dollars. . j
Mr. NICHOLS. Is it usual to allow interest? (
Mr. STANTON. It has been done more than
a hundred times.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. How does this bill
take precedence of the others ? .
The SPEAKER. Bills are taken up before re-
ports. If the gentleman insists on the point the
Chair will begin with the Court of Claims reports.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I do insist upon it.
ARNOLD HARRIS.
An adverse report (C. C. No. Ill) upon the pe-
tition of Arnold Harris, administrator of Robert j
Armstrong.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
recommend a concurrence in the report of the
Court of Claims rejecting the claim.
The recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole House was concurred in.
JAMES THOMPSON.
An adverse report (C. C. No. 126) on the peti-
tion of JamesThompson, surviving partnerof C.
M. Strader & Co.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
recommend that this report be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
The recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole House was concurred in.
NATHANIEL WILLIAMS.
An sdverse report (C. C. No. 145) upon the
petition of Nathaniel Williams.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
recommend a concurrence in the report of the
Court of Claims rejecting the claim. i
The recommendation of the Committee of the
WholS-House was concurred in. j
JOHN HAMILTON. ]
The next bill taken up was House bill (No. 8) ;
for the relief of John Hamilton, reported from the
Committee of the Whole House, with the recorn- .
mendation that it do pass. j
Mr. STANTON moved toamend the bill by in- j
serting after the word " dollars"the words "with ;
: interest after 1st June, 1852;" and demanded the j
i previous question. i
j Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers. I
| Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence j
i and Wjldrok were appointed. i
The House divided; and the tellers reported— i
ayes 94, noes 28. 1
So the previous question was seconded. j
The main question was then ordered to be put, j
being first upon Mr. Stakton's amendment. !
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. In order to save time, I will
withdraw the amendment.
Several Members. Oh, no.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can with-
draw it by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut. I object.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, (at eighteen min-
utes after three o'clock, p. m.,) moved that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 51, noes 89.
The question recurred on Mr. Stanton's amend-
ment.
Mr. LETCHER. Was not the amendment
withdrawn ?
The SPEAKER. Objection was m.ade to its
withdrawal by the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Clark.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There has been
no vote on the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That was not a
decision on the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman cannot withdraw the amendment after
the previous question has been ordered; it has
passed from under his control.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The previous
question was ordered upon the engrossment of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. It brings the House, as the
gentleman is aware, first to vote upon the amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Exactly; the rule
is express that a gentleman can withdraw a prop-
osition at any time before it is acted on.
The SPEAKER. The amendment may have
been the very reason why the House seconded
the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it not the practice of the
present organization of the House, and has it not
been all the while the practice, if a motion be
pending for the commitment, or recommitment, or
reference of a bill, that the person making that
motion has a right, after the seconding of the pre-
vious question, to withdraw it?
The SPEAKER. Never, in a single instance,
that the Chair recollects.
Mr. HOUSTON. My recollection is, that it
has been done within the last two or three days.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wou]|J be glad if
the gentleman from Alabama would point to the
page on the Journal where it may be found.
Mr. STANTON. If there be any difficulty
about the question of order, I will not withdraw
the amendment.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abhott, Ai11. Andrew?, Arnold,. Atkim,
Avery, Bingham, Blair, Bowie, Brayton, Buftintori, Bnrlin-
game, Burioughs, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezia Clark, daw-
son, Cobb, Cockcrill, Colfax, Comms, Covodc, Cox, Cragin,
James Ciaig, Curtis, Damrell, Davidson, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Durfee,
Farnsworth, Foley, Foster, Gooeh, Goodwin, Grangei,
J. Morrison Harris, Hawkins, Hoard, Horton, Howard,
Hushes, Owen Jones, Kellogg, Kelly, Kclsey, Kilgore,
Knapp, Landy, Humphrey Marshall, Edward joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morris, Mott, Olin, Palmer, Pike, Purviance,
Reilly, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts, Royce, Russell,
Sandidge, Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Singleton, Robert
Smith, Spinner. Stanton, James A. Stewart, William Stew-
art, George Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Tuuipkins, Wade,
Ward, and Israel Washburn—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Bliss, Bocoek, Bonham, Bryan, Burnett,
Case, Caskie, John B. Claik, Clay, Burton Craigo. Craw-
ford, Curry, Davis of Indiana, Dewart, Dowdell, Edmund-
son, Fenlon, Florence. Gartrell, Giddings, Goode, Green-
wood, Gregg, Groesbeck, Harlan, Hickman, Hopkins,
Houston, Hiijler, Jackson, Jenkins, George W. Jones, J.
Glancv Jones, Keitt, Lamar, Lcach, Lcidy, Loiter, Letcher,
Lovejcy, McQueen, Samuel S. Marshall, Maynard, Miles,
Millson, Montgomery, Moigan, Freeman II." Morse, Nib-
lack, Parker, Peyton, Phelps, Phillips, Quitman, Ready,
Reagan. Ruffin, Scales, Scon, Searing, Henry M. Shaw,
Staiiworth, Stevenson, Tappan, Miles Taylor, Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Watkins, Whiteiey, Worten-
flykc. and John Y. Wright—71,
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the gentleman voted with the minority.
Mr. RUSSELL. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider ths
