1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
vote by which the amendment was agreed to; and
also move to lay the motion to reconsider on the '
table.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will my colleague allow me
the floor for a few minutes ? This is a principle
which overthrows the former practice of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. STANTON. If my colleague will permit
me, I can show him several hundred instances of
where interest lias been paid.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 object to debate.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
a quarter to four o'clock, p. m) the House ad-
journed till Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 8, 1858.
Prayer by Rev. Jabez Pox.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDING OFFIC&R (Mr. Bright in
the chair) laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Navy, accompanied by one hun-
dred copies of the Navy Register for the current
year for the use of the Senate; which was read..
m COURT OF CLAIMS.
He also laid before the Senate, reports of the
Court of Claims, made in pursuance of law, ad-
verse to the claim of Charles D. Arfwedson; the
claim of Nathaniel and Benjamin Goddard, exec-
utors of Nathaniel Goddard; the claim of Samuel
D. Cozzens, trustee of Mary S. Cozzens, wife of
Benjamin Cozzens; and the claim of Jacob Bige-
low, administrator of Francois Carzeau; and a
report of the Court of Claims in favor of the
claim of Peter Parker, accompanied by a bill for
the relief of Peter Parker; which were referred to
the Committee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens j
of Kansas, praying for the establishment of a j
mail route between Lawrence, in Kansas Tern- j
tory and Nebraska City, in Nebraska lerritory;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Rich-
ard W. Clarke, praying for additional compen-
sation for services rendered while a messenger in
the Pension Office; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. KENNEDY presented a memorial of the
association of the defenders of Baltimore in 1814,
praying that pensions may be granted to the offi-
cers and soldiers of the last war with Great Brit-
ain; which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
^Mr "WRIGHT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of New Jersey, in relation to the erec-
tion of a building at Trenton, for the accommoda-
tion of the United States courts and the offices of
the collector and postmaster in that city; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented a
petition of citizens of Trenton,New Jersey,pray-
ing for the enactment of a law to change the name
of the port of Lamberton to that of Trenton;
"which was referred to the Committee on Com-
tncrcG •
Mr." GREEN presented a petition of Thomas
D. W. Yonley and others, citizens of Missouri,
praying to be protected in their location of certain
lands in the Plattsburg land district, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee-on Public
Lands. , . , ,
Mr. JONES presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of the erection of a
marine hospital, custom-house, and post office, at
Muscatine, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
PrMredDOOLITTLE presented the memorial of
B. D. Hills and others, praying the erection of
a light-house at the mouth of Kewannee river,
Wisconsin; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of James
Foster, James Craig, and others, for the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Oregon, Missouri,
to White Cloud, in Kansas; from White Cloud
to Marysville; from Fort des Moines, Iowa, to
Fort Riley; and from White Cloud to Iowa Point;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of Caleb
Sherman, praying to be released from liability for
public money received by him as collector of the
customs for the district of Paso del Norte, Texas,
which was stolen while in his custody; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of James Baw-
den, praying that a patent may issue to him for
certain lands embraced in the light-house reserva-
tion of Eagle harbor, Lake Superior, upon which
he has made valuable improvements; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN presented additional papers in
support of the claim of the Bangor City Greys to
bounty land; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of Pol-
lard Webb, offering to sell to the United States a
place in the District of Columbia known as " Me-
ridian Hill," for a summer residence for the Pres-
ident oftheUnited States; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
He also presented the petition of William R.
Bro wnlee, a soldier in the war of 1812, praying to
be allowed a pension, which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of a commit-
tee of the levy court of Washington county, for
the passage of a law to simplify the mode of
conveyancing in the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
He also presented the memorial of a commit-
tee of the levy court for the county of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, for an appropria-
tion for certain roads in that county upon certain
conditions; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial of under-
writers of Boston, remonstrating against the re-
peal of the law creating the light-house board;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce •
Mr."JOHNSON, of Arkansas, presented a pe-
tition of citizens of Arkansas, for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Little Rock to Hun-
gary post office in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. _ .
He also presented papers in relation to the claim
of Edward Ingersoll, paymaster and military
storekeeper at the Springfield Armory, for the re-
imbursement of money paid for hack hire for the
Army commission of 1853; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and Militia.
Mr. BRODEIUCK presented the memorial of
William Cruickshank" and others, praying for
permission to prosecute their claim to a certain
tract of land in California, before the United
States district court for the northern district of
California; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOSTER presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Connecticut, instructing the Senators
and requesting the Representatives of that State
in Congress, to vote against the admission of an-
other slaveholding State into the Union^which
were ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I present the memorial
of the Milwaukee and Mississippi Railroad pom-
pany, praying for an act to confirm their title to
a small piece of land in the Mississippi river,
opposite the lands which they own at Prairie au
Chien. It is accompanied by a map setting out the
line of their railroad. I beg leave to state that
the railroad company have built a railroad from
Lake Michigan to the Mississippi river, without
any aid whatever from the General Government.
They own the title to the lands adjoining the
river, and they claim to own this piece of land
which is ill the river, and is subject to overflow;
but some question has been raised about it, and
as it can really be of no service to any other per-
son or company, it is desirable that it should be
confirmed in them. I move the reference- of the
memorial to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I have received a memorial, very
numerously signed by citizens of New York, stat-
ing that the great disasters in trade and commerce
throughout the country for the last year have ren-
dered necessary some legislation which will ena-
ble creditors and debtors to meet and adjust their
difficulties, and they apprehend that a consider-
able period of time must elapse before business
shall be restored. The memorial does not state
that the memorialists ask for a bankrupt law; they
ask for a relief law; but I take it it must be in the
nature of a bankrupt law. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Alfred G. Benson, on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
RECOMMITTAL OF A REPORT.
Mr. STUART. The memorial of the Bangor
City Greys was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands at this session, and reported back
adversely. It has since been ascertained that cer-
tain evidence, which they desired to have consid-
ered in connection with their memorial, and which
was not then received, has now been received. I
move, therefore, to recommit the memorial, in
order that the evidence may go with it, and the
case be reconsidered.
The motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the Sen-
ate, the usual number of copies of the letter of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury of February 26,1S58, with the accom-
panying report of J. Rosa Browne, special agent of that
Department, on the Pacific coast; and the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Navy of Januaiy 4, 1858, with the report of
offers for supplies for bureau of docks and yards.
Mr. KENNEDY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the eligibility of Weverton, in Mary-
land, as a site for a national foundery.
Mr. KENNEDY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs:
Resolved, That medical officers and pursers of the Navy
shall be, m relation to rank,&n the same footing as officers
of similar grades in the Army : provided, that no medical
officer or purser shall exercise command over any navy-
yard or vessel of the United States.
Mr. GREEN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolvei, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to furnish the Senate with a copy of the correspondence,
reports, and other papers on file in his office or the Genera!
Land Office, having relation to the cancellation of the loca-
tions which were made at the Plattsburg {Missouri) land
office, in the'month of March, 1857, by Thomas D. W.
Yonley and others, and th« subsequent location of the same
land by Messrs. McGlaughlin and Felix, of Pennsylvania;
adding thereto the letter or report of the register and re-
ceiver, of the 3d of March, 1857, in the contested case of
Hardin and Jackson,and the Commissioner's ruling and con-
currence therein on the 21st of April thereafter; together
I with any other letter or paper which the Secretary may deem
material to the proper understanding of the relative rights
! of the parties herein firstly alluded to.
! Mr CLAY submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to the Senate any papers on file m the War I)e-
nartmentconnected with the military topographical memoir
and report of Captain T. J. Cram, called for by the resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 15th of February.
.. Mr WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs: bei in-
structed to consider the expediency of amending the laws
for the punishment of persons enticing or carrying away
any soldiers of the Army of the United States.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be instructed
...J
