980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
to request the Court of Claims to return to the Senate the
papers of A. Weeks.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom were referred the
papers relating to the claim of B. E. Edwards, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
186) to confirm the title of Benjamin E. Edwards
to a certain tract of land in the Territory of New
Mexico. The bill was read, and passed to a sec-
ond reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a res-
olution directing the printing of twenty thousand
copies of the opinions of the judges of the Supreme
Court in the Dred Scott case, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
ttgreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
, Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
58) to authorize and direct the settlement of the
accounts of Ross Wilkins, James Witherell, and
Solomon Sibley, reported it without amendment.
Mr. IVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of A. W. Mac-
pherson, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 187) for the relief of A. W. Macpher-
son. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 176) to acquire certain lands needed for
the Washington aqueduct, in the District of Co-
lumbia, reported it with amendments.
HEIRS OF DAVID A. RING.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Anna M. E. Ring and others, has instructed me
to report in favor of the petitioners, accompanied j
by a bill, and to ask for its immediate passage.
I willsay in support of this motion a single word.
These petitioners are the only daughters of a gen-
tleman to whom a land warrant was issued for
services in the war of 1812. Finding himself at
the point of death, lie executed an assignment in
favor of his daughters. Thatassignment, under
the general law, is null and void, because it was
executed before the land warrant had actually
been issued, and the bill is for the purpose of ob-
viating that difficulty. These are the four daugh-
ters of the soldier to whom the warrant was issued,
and in whose favor it was issued, dated after his
death.
The bill (S. No. 185) for the relief of Anna M.
E. Ring, Louisa M. Ring, Cordelia E. Ring, and
Sarah J. Launoy, was rca<l twice, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
vest in them all the right, title, and interest of
David A. Ring to a land warrant, No. 3,172, for
one feundred and sixty acres of land, issued on
the 18th of July, 1855.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third :
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am instruct-
ed by the Committee on Printing to report a reso-
lution in regard to the Patent Office report. It is
important that this matter should be disposed of
nt once, if the printing is to be done at all. We
all know that it will be printed and distributed.
The committee have considered the subject until
they are perfectly satisfied of the character of the
report they should make, and have instructed
ine, instead of providing for twenty-seven thou-
sand extra copies which have hitherto been voted i
by this body to be distributed by the members of [
the Senate, being divided amongst them per cap-
ita, to report the following resolution:
Rciolr^ri. That there be piinted. in addition to the usual
number, ten thousand copies ot the annual report of the
Commissioner of Patents ori arts and manufactures for the
year 1357; eight thousand of winch shall be for the use of
Sfimte, and two thousand for the Interior Department,
for the purposes of official distribution.
I ask for the consideration of the resolution at
once. The facts in regard to it 1 will state in a
few words.
Mr. STUART. I should be very glad to hear
the Senator's statement; but I shall object to the
passage of the resolution to-day, while so many
gentlemen are absent from the Senate. X shall
be glad to hear the statement, and then let the
subject go over until some time when the Senate
shall be full.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Of course I
shall not object to that. I would very much pre-
fer that the Senate should be full when this subject
is acted upon. I believe, however, it would be
well to put this statement at once before the body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) It requires unanimous consent to
consider the resolution to-day. Does the Senator
from Michigan object?
Mr. STUART. I do not object to its consid-
eration, with the understanding that it shall go
over. I shall be glad to hear the statement.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then the re-
port of the Superintendent of Public Printing on
this point may as well be given now and appear
in print. I will send it up to the desk and ask
that it be read. I desire every Senator, of course,
to have an opportunity of understanding the
question.
The Secretary read the following report from
the Superintendent of Public Printing:
Office Superintendent Public Printing,
Washington, January 21, 1858.
Sir: The Mechanical Patent Office report ior 1857 (the
copy of which is herewith returned) will somewhat ex-
ceed in size that of the preceding year. It is estimated
that this report will make two volumes of Jetter-press of
672 pages each, and one volume ot illustrations of 690 pages.
The estimated cost of punting and binding is as follows :
Cost of the usual number (1,420 copies) of volume one,
$1,705 95.
Cost per thousand, for extra copies, (in addition,) $607 02.
The cost of the second volume will be about the same.
Cost of the usual number (1,420 copies) of volume three,
$7,994 69.
Cost per thousand, fbr extra copies, (in addition,) $719 95.
Or, the same number of copies are ordered as last year,
(27,000, in addition to the usual number,) the aggregate
eo«t for the complete work will be about $59,000.
Very respectfully, GEORGE W. BOWMAN,
Superintendent.
Hon. R. W. Johnson, Chairman Committee on Printing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This portion
of the work, the report on arts and manufac-
tures, or, as it is called, the mechanical portion,
has reached three volumes-.- Originally it was but
one volume, it has gone on, gradually increasing
every year, and this year U has gone beyond all
former years. I toad an idea of a serious attempt,
during the last Administration, to extend it to a
series of quarto volumes: whenever it shall have
reached that, the expense will be greatly beyond
what it is at the present time. Even as it is now,
the expense is much more than was ever contem-
plated at the inception of this system. These
three'volumes are made up of what formerly con-
stituted but one volume. The cost of the usual
number, which is fourteen hundred and twenty
copies, of volume one, is $1,705 95. Tlie cost of
the usual number of volume two, is$l,705 95, the
same amount. The cost of the usual number of
volume three, which is a volume entirely filled
with plates and drawings of the various inventions
which are to be found in that office—avast number
of which are of no use on the face of the earth,
and never will be, and are not worth putting into
the book, and are a source of confusion and diffi-
culty to him who may be a searcher after the
truths to be found in it—will be $7,994 6'9.
One thing which I do not like is observable in
these estimates; somehow or other they seem al-
ways to fall a few dollars short of a hundred, or
a few dollars short of a thousand. I have no
question on earth but that the costof volume three
will be over eight thousand dollars, and i do not
know but that it will be §9,000. The addition
of $5 31 would certainly make it $8,000 for the
printing of that single volume. The whole cost,
then, of the printing of the usual number, which
originally would not have been more than seven-
teen hundred or two thousand dollars, is now
$11,406 59. You can then multiply the copies as
much as you please, up to a million. The cost
of the extra copies, per thousand, is §1,934; the
cost of ten thousand extra copies, which is the
number the committee at present instruct me to
report, counting the cost at $2,000, is $20,000.
The cost of twenty-seven thousand extra copies
would, therefore, necessarily be $54,000. The
committee have instructed me to report in favor
of printing ten thousand copies only.
The cost per volume of the work is over sev-
enty cents a copy. If you throw out of consid-
eration the cost of the original fourteen hundred
and twenty, and only consider what it costs to
multiply the extra copies after the first numbers
are printed, it would be sixty-^ix and two thirds
cents for each volume; but adding the cost of the
usual number, it must necessarily go beyond sev-
enty cents, and the fewer the number printed the
greater is the cost of each volume. Ten thousand
extra copies will give to each Senator about one
hundred and sixty copies for distribution. The
twenty-seven thousand extra copies which have
hitherto been ordered,gave to each Senator about
four hundred and thirty-five copies. Almost every
committee-room is filled up with these documents
for the greater part of the session, and some of
them lie over until the next session after that at
which they are printed. I know there is not a
single committee on which I serve in whose room
there are not large numbers of volumes of Patent
Office reports of former years, not distributed. A
great many Senators, I belie ve, abandon them alto-
gether; and where they go, or how they go, I do
not know; but they are to be found in great quan-
tities throughout the city. I will advertise to Sen-
ators and others who may wish to buy them, that
I have seen certificates showing that they have
been purchased by the hundred at fifteen cents
apiece; and they cost us upwards of seventy cents.
Something is wrong in this matter, it is evident.
The Government pays for publishing at this rate
over seventy cents; and yet if you go into the city
at proper places you certainly can purchase them
at fifteen cents a copy. I have seen the certificates
and receipts for it.
  The eight thousand copies, which is the real
number which the committee propose to be^lis-
tributed by Senators, gives one hundred and twen-
ty-nine copies to each Senator to be distributed
amongst his constituents, and a few over. The
resolution also gives to the Interior Department
two thousand copies for official distribution in
such quarters as it may be deemed beneficial to
the public that these reports should be sent.
This is a succinct statement of the facts in re-
gard to the matter. I will now assent to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Michigan, that the
subject shall lie over until the Senate shall be
more full than it seems to be at present.
Mr. WILSON. Before the subject passes over,
I wish to submit an amendment to the resolution
proposed by the Committee on Printing:
And that the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is here-
by, directed to cause the annual leport of the Commissioner
of Patents on mechanics, hereafter to be made to Congress,
to be prepared and submitted in such manner as that the
platen and drawings necessary to illustrate each subject
shall be inserted in their proper places in the text, so as to
comprise the entire report in one volume.
The further consideration of the resolution was
postponed until to-morrow.
COURTS IN VERMONT.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back the bill
(S. No. Ill) to alter the times of holding the cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States for
the district of Vermont, without amendment; and
as it is one of those bills which never encounter
opposition, I desire that it may be passed at once.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
"Whole, to consider the bill. It directs that the
circuit court of the United States, now held at
Windsor, on the 21st of May,shall, after the 1st
of July next, be held on the first Tuesday of July
annually at that place; and that the district court
of the United States for Vermont, instead of being
held on the 27th of May, shall, after the first of
July next, be held on the Monday next after the
fourth Tuesday of July annually. AH indict-
ments, information, suits, or action and proceed-
ings of any kind, whether civil or criminal, now
pending in those courts are to be heard, tried, and
determined on these days, in the same manner as
if the courts were held on the 21st and 27th days
of May respectively.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MARY PETERY.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the bill (S. No.
173) for the relief of Mary Petery was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It directs the proper accounting officers to pay
to Mary Petery, widow of Peter Petery, seventy-
