1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
five dollars, in fall compensation for a horse,lost
•while in the military service of the United States.
Mr. CAMERON. I liopu the Senate will pass
this bill at once through all its forms. It is a mer-
itorious case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read die third time, and passed.
CHRISTINE BARNARD.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill, which is on its third reading, for the re-
lief of Christine Barnard. It proposes to renew
a pension which has been heretofore granted.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ce-
eumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 91) to
continue a pension to Christine Barnard, widow of
the late Brevet Major Moses J. Barnard, United
States Army.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
The question is, shall the bill pass?
Mr. CLAY. Is it too late to move an amend-
ment to the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; it has
had its third reading.
Mr. CLAY. 1 had proposed to move to amend
the bill by striking out the amount proposed to be
paid as a pension, and reducing it to the maximum
which is allowed in such cases; but if it is too
late to make the motion, I shall simply content
IP/self with voting against the bill.
The bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House %f Representatives had passed the follow-
ing bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 307) to appropriate money
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
paper, printing, binding, and engravinc, ordered
by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses,
and which has been executed.
A bill (H. R. No. 8) for the relief of John
Hamilton.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled joint reso-
lution (S. No. 3) to extend and define the au-
thority of the President under the act approved
January 1G, 1857, entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled ' An act to promote the efficiency of
the Navy,1 "in respect to dropped and retired
naval officers; and it was thereupon signed by the
Vice President.
HOUSE BILL-REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 307) to appropriate money
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
paper, printing, binding, and engraving, ordered
by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Thirty-Third and Thirty-Fourth Congresses,
and which has been executed, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
ELIZABETH MONTGOMERY.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 30) for the relief of Eliza-
beth Montgomery, heir of Hugh Montgomery.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Elizabeth Montgomeiy,daughterand sole heir
of Captain Hugh Montgomery, of the ship Nancy,
of Wilmington, Delaware, $5,000, as a full com-
pensation for his successful efforts in saving the
powder and munitions of war belonging to the
United States on board that ship, and for his in-
terest in the value of the ship, which he blew up
to prevent her and her cargo from falling into the
hands of the enemy during the war of the Rev-
olution.
The bill was reported back from the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims, with an amendment
to insert:
Ami that tlie said sum be. and tho same is hereby, ap-
propriated out of any niom-'y in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment reported from
the committee.
Mr. KING. Is there any report in this case,
or any information about it?
Mr. ALLEN. I should like to hear the report
read.
The Secretary read the report, from which it ap-
pears that Captain Hugh Montgomery, formerly
of Wilmington, in the State of Delaware, was em-
ployed as captain of the brig Nancy, of that port,
belonging to himself and others. In the latter
part of the year 1775, the brig, chartered by Rob-
ert Morris, then a member of Congress, was dis-
patched to the West Indies with a cargo of flour
to be sold, and the proceeds returned to the United
States in gunpowder and munitions of war. The
cargo was sold at Porto Rico, and the Nancy then
proceeded to St. Croix, where she was privately
loaded with her return careo, consisting of four
hundred and sixty barrels o?gunpowder, six long
four-pounders, four chests of small-arms and other
munitions of war, and with sundry articles of
merchandise, belonging to Montgomery. After
the reception of his cargo, by means of the can-
non and some swivels, and other arms, Captain
Montgomery converted his ship into a vessel-of-
war, and sailed for the Delaware, in order that he
might deliver his cargo at Philadelphia, accord-
ing to his directions. When he approached the
Delaware capes he was intercepted by two British
ships-of-war. He succeeded in beating off the
boats sent to capture him; but finding it impossi-
ble to escape capture, he ran his ship into shoal
water, and commenced removing the powder and
munitions of war to the shore, and securing them
from capture, leaving the private property to its
fate. He kept off the enemy's boats whilst he
landed two hundred and forty-four barrels of the
powder, the cannon, small-arms, and other muni-
tions of war, with the aid of Captain Weeks,
who commanded some American vessels-of-war
within the capes. # When he had so far succeeded
in saving the cargo, one of the enemy's vessels ap-
proached within three hundred yards, cast anchor,
and opened a destructive fire, whilst several boats
filled with men approached for the purpose of
boarding the Nancy. Finding it impossible to
save more of the powder and piivate property,
he left the vessel, having laid a train and match
communicating with the powder, preferring to
destroy both his vessel and the rest of her cargo
rather than it should fall into the hands of the
enemy. Tiie~1)oats' crews had scarcely taken
, possession of the vessel, when she was blown up
with all on board, and, with the remains of her
cargo, was destroyed. That part of the cargo
winch had been saved was transported to Phila-
delphia, and safely delivered to the agents of the
Government. Subsequently, Captain Montgom-
ery went to sea in a private armed ship, was cap-
tured by a British cruiser, imprisoned for a long
time, and treated with great harshness, on account
of the destruction of so many British sailors, by
blowing up his vessel, as before stated. During
his long imprisonment his nnnd became disor-
i dered, and during his voyage homeward, after his
release, he leaped overboard in a lit of insanity,
and was drowned, leaving a widow, who has been
long dead, and the petitioner, his only child, then
a small girl.
The petitioner prays that Congress will make
her some compensation for the losses of her la-
ther, sustained in the destruction of his vessel,
and for his patriotic conduct in saving the public
property, then so much needed, to the neglect of
his own, which he might have saved, instead of
that which belonged to the public. A claim is
set up for the value of this private property, j
shipped on board the Nancy on his own account. t
But of this no satisfactory evidence _ has been :
given, and the committee have been unable to form j
any estimate of its value. As to the other part |
of "the claim, the main facts are fully proved by j
an affidavit of Captain Mendenhall, who was one ]
of the crew of the Nancy, and cognizant of all |
the facts of the voyage, and the safe landing of I
the greater part of the munitions of war. The ;
blowing up of the vessel and the saving of the i
: gunpowder are stated in an original letter, filed j
] with the evidence, from George Read, one of the |
signers of the Declaration of Independence, to :
his wife, dated the 6th of July, 177 6, a few days ,
after the occurrence. And, "on the whole, the j
committee are of opinion that the facts before set
forth are satisfactorily proved. If, as is alleged,
the vessel was chartered for the purpose set forth,
it is presumed no doubt could exist that the Gov-
ernment ought to pay; the destruction being ben-
' eficialtoit,amlinevitableup.dertliecircumstances,
!; to prevent the vessel and her cargo from falling
into the hands of the enemy. Many claims of
this kind have been paid.
The great difficulty in allowing this claim is its
antiquity; but in this case the delay is satisfac-
torily accounted for. On a review of the whole
case, the committee have come to the conclusion
that the petitioner ought to be liberally remuner-
ated to the extent of any loss sustained in the
destruction of the vessel by her father. But, after
the length of such a time, no evidence could be
furnished of the value of the vessel. Any esti-
mate would be conjectural; but as the claim is a
justone, they have come to the conclusion to give
her $5,000, as a full and final satisfaction of her
claim.
Mr. GREEN. The hour for the consideration
of the special order has almostarrived. The Kan-
sas question is occupying our time; and 1 have
been instructed to notify the country and the Sen-
ate that on next Monday the friends of the bill
will insist on coming to a direct vote, so that the
intervening time had best not be wasted on any
other subject. It has been discussed, to a greater
or less extent, for three months; and, with two
weeks direct discussion, we believe it can be fully
investigated, so as to be ready for a vote full an'd
fair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour for
the consideration of the special order, which ia
the bill for the admission of the State of Kansas,
has arrived.
KANSAS—LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 161)
for the admission of the State of Kansas into tho
iTnion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the an-
nouncement just made by the S|nfttor from Mis-
souri, who is in charge of the Dill reported from
the Committee on Territories, that the majority
of this body have determined upon Monday, one
week from to-day, as the day upon which tho
final vote is to be taken, I confess, places me in
a state of embarrassment. I look around mc,
upon this floor, and I see many men more able
than myself to do justice to the question now be-
fore the Senate. 1 see many of them, almost all
of them, more experienced than I am; and this
announcement, I confess, as it comes home to my
heart, raises within me a struggle which I had
hoped not to have experienced. It is a struggle
wliether, in consequence of this announcement, [
must restrict the utterance of all I would desiie
to say, or be compelled to trespass upon the tim!
of others, who could do more justice to the ques-
tion than is within my power. Mr. President,
it is a subject which weighs me down; it is a sub-
ject upon which I feel mostdeeply; a subject upon
which I can hardly find language to give utter-
ance to all the emotions that riso within me; and
yet, in duty to myself, in duty to the State which
I have the honor in part to represent, in duty to_
the great mass of the free white laboring men of
the North, I fee) called upon to speak, to open
my heart, on this floor, and on this question,and
not to refrain from the utterance of my sentiments
as they mav arise.
Mr. President, before coming to the discussion
of the direct question pending, I roust be permit-
ted to notice, in brief terms, some of the extraor-
dinary doctrines announced by the honorableSen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond,] who
preceded me in the debate. Conscious of the
strength of our own positions; conscious of the
devoted patriotism which we bear towards the
Constitution and the Union ourselves, we shall
be drawn into no recriminations against the peo-
ple or the institutions of South Carolina; although
the honorable Senator was pleased, m the course
of his remarks, to say, in speaking to the repre-
sentatives and people of the northern States: "We
cannot rely upon your faith when you have
the power; it has always been broken whenever
pledged." Does the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, in serious earnest, intend to charge upon
the great body of the people of the northern States
all that this language implies? If he does, it is
impossible for me to remain silent without giving
him a passing answer. I ask the honorable gen-
tleman when, and where, and on what occasion,
have the people of the North broken their plighted
faith, when given to the people of the South, or
anv other portion of ihc people of this Confeder-
.df
