1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
be a moral certainty of success. Whoever under-
takes to revolutionize a government, to disturb
the existing state of things, to supersede the es-
tablished government and make it give place to
another, must carry the revolution through; he
must carry it to victory, to success, or he must
pay the penalty for producing a rebellion.
1 fit be conceded that in the Territory of Kansas
any such state of things has existed as to justify
the exercise of this revolutionary right by the
people- themselves, independent of any enabling
act>by Congress, or any act of the Territorial
Legislature—what follows? It follows that the
Topeka. constitution, established by the people
of Kansas, by their own voluntary action, twice
submitted to that people, twice ratified by that
people by overwhelming majorities, is the true
revolutionary constitution for that State, and not
the Lecompton constitution. If, therefore, you
are to throw yourselves back upon the abstract
right of revolution, you prove conclusively, not
that Kansas should be admitted into the Union
under the Lecompton constitution, but that it
should be admitted into the Union under theTo-
peka constitution.
But, sir, I shall not dwell any longer upon that
point, for that is not the ground which is assumed
by the advocates of the Lecompton constitution.
They place themselves upon the ground that the
Lecompton constitution is notarevolutionary con-
stitution, but that it is a legally authorized con-
stitution, ofbindingauthorityitself;that it has the
force of a law binding upon the people of Kansas.
Those who advocate it do not choose to inquire
whether it has been ratified by the actual majority
of the people of Kansas, nor whether it embodies
their will. They do notinquire, is it fair? is it just?
but, is it authoritative ? is it " in the bond ?" As
a legal question, therefore, the first point which
I desire to examine is, upon what do you rest the
legal authoritativeness with which you seek to
clothe the Lecompton constitution ? The Presi-
dent rests it upon the Kansas-Nebraska act, as an
enabling act, and upon the act of the Territorial
Legislature, passed in pursuance of it, as he
alleges, which gave it the authority of law. The
honorable Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Hammond] derives it from altogether a different
source. He says " there is no government in the
convention until after the adoption by Congress
of its constitution." t( How can it be possible
that the convention should be the creature of a
Territorial Legislature?" he asks; and again ho
says, speaking of the Territorial Legislature:
" Shall that interfere with a sovereignty—inchoate, but
a sovereignty.'
' The sover-
eignty of Kansas resides, if it resides anywhere, with the
sovereign States of tins Union."
He places the sovereignty of the Territories in
the States, and says the sovereign powers to be
exercised over them while Territories, are to be
exercised by Congress, and by Congress alone.
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson]
traces the authority of this convention, and places
its sovereignty not in Congress, not in the United
States, not in the Territorial Legislature, but in
the people of the Territory of Kansas, independ-
ent of the Territorial Legislature, and independ-
ent, also, of an enabling act by Congress; while,
upon the other hand, the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] derivesits authority from another
source altogether. You will remember that m
the course of his speech, on the 2d of February,
I put this question to him, " Prom what source do
you derive the legal authority of the convention
to form a constitution at all? Prom the Legisla-
ture of the Territory ?" He answered:
" Entirely from the Legislature of the Territory. If the
authority came from Congress we should be bound oy any
propositions we made. If it comes from the ieiritonal
Legislature, we may accept or reject the propositions.-
Now, Mr. President, when we come to exam-
ine this question as a legal question, does it not
strike you that there is some strange conflict of
opinion among the friends and advocates of this
Lecompton constitution. One placing the source of
its authority entirely in Congress as the represent-
ative of the sovereign States; another placing it
in the people of the Territory independent of Con-
gress, and independent of the Territorial Legis-
lature; and a thud deriving its authority entirely
from the Legislature of the Territory. Where is
this vagrant power? In examining a legal ques-
tion, the mind desires to be brought right up to
the point, to meet it squarely, face to face. Where
is it to be found ? Where shall we seek the fugi-
tive ? Now here, now there, now somewhere
else. Ngw it hides itself in Congress; now in
the Territorial Legislature; and then again it is
found hiding itself among the people of Kansas,
to be exercised by them independent of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, and independent of the act of
Congress.
I have already said that if it resides in the peo-
ple, to be exercised as an abstract revolutionary
right, the Topeka constitution is the true consti-
tution of Kansas; but I propose to examine a little
more particularly the ground which has been as-
sumed by the honorable Senator from Georgia,
for that is the ground on which the President
places himself, and upon which the advocates of
this Lecompton constitution must stand, or not
stand at all;and that is upon the authority derived
from the Territorial Legislature of Kansas.
The Legislature of a Territory derives its pow-
ers from the organic act. The persons who may
be elected to the Legislature are chosen by the
people of the Territory under the provisions of
that organic act, but every power which may be
exercised must be found m the organic act, or it
cannot be found at all. If it be not within the
organic act, it is nowhere; and it therefore neces-
sarily involves the question: whether in the organic
act under which the Territory of Kansas was or-
ganized, any such power was given by the Con-
gress of the United States? If it be not in the
organic act, the action of those gentlemen who
happened to sit in the Legislature that called the
convention is of no more binding authority than
the action of the same number of gentlemen sit-
ting at Topeka or anywhere else in the Territory
of Kansas. That which goes beyond the author-
ity given is of no force. It is void; and void things
are as no things; and that is the language of all
the books in speaking upon this subject.
The same doctrine was expressly affirmed in
the ease of Arkansas, by the administration of
General Jackson. The opinion of the Attorney
General was taken, and it became a subject-mat-
ter, undoubtedly, of consultation by the Cabinet;
and it received the sanction of that illustrious man.
The same thing is true in the case of Michigan;
and the present Chief Magistrate of the United
States, Mr. Buchanan himself, declared on this
floor, when Michigan applied for admission, that,
if a Territorial Legislature, without an enabling
act first passed by Congress, should attempt to
call a convention and form a State constitution
to supersede the territorial government, it was a
downright usurpation—I use his very words—it
would be " a downright usurpation on the part
of the Territorial Legislature.''
Does the Kansas-Nebraska act itself confer any
authority upon the Territorial Legislature to call
a convention to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment? In what language of that act do you
find it? Is it in that language which confers all
rightful powers of legislation upon the Territorial
Legislature ? That is just such language as is
found in all the organic acts, commencing with
the organization of Mississippi and Orleans; and
in the organic act for the Territory of Missouri
the same language is used. Is it to be found in
those often repeated words:
" It heing the true intent and meaning of tilis act not to
legislate slavery into any State or Territory, nor to exclude,
it therefrom, but to leave the people-thereof perfectly tree
to form and regulate their dorfie^tic institutionslin theirown
way, subject only to the Constitution of the United States.
Do these words contain it? 1 shall not go over
this ground at length. The argument contained
in the speech of the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Collamer,] and the argument con-
tained m the report of the honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] are perfectly conclusive
upon this point, that the Kansas-Nebraska act of
itself did not contain a provision authorizing the
Legislature of the Territory to call a convention;
and the fact that the men who sat in that Legis-
lature called it, gives it no more force than if an
equal number of clergymen sitting at Lecompton
had done the same thing.
I will briefly state three reasons which have oc-
curred to my mind, and which are equally binding
on all sides of this Chamber: First, the Kansas
organic act contains no express grant of power to
the Legislature to call a convention; second, no
such power can be implied from the circumstances
under which the act was passed, or from the his-
tory or condition of the Territory at the time it
was passed, for there were not, I believe, over five
hundred white inhabitants in the whole of the
Territories-of Nebraska and Kansas at the time
of the passage of that bill; and, third, if you claim
that this language contains an enabling clause, it
is utterly void for uncertainty. It mentions no
time, prescribes no mode, in which the initiative;
the incipient step maybe taken towards the form-
ation of a constitution. A portion of the people
of that Territory, represented by delegates, as-
sembled at Lecompton, have undertaken to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their
j own way; and a certain other portion, and a still
larger portion—a majority of three, yes, five to
one—of the people of the Territory, represented
| by their delegates at Topeka, have undertaken to
' form and regulate their domestic institutions in
their own way. Now, which is the legal way?
Which is the way pointed out by the statute?
There is no legal way pointed out. You cannot
see what is not to be seen. There is no such thing
contained in it.
I have one other additional reason which I wish
to urge upon those who advocate the passage of
the bill admitting Kansas with the Lecompton
constitution. In these days, when estoppels are
being pleaded upon political questions; when it is
insisted that, by some technical rule of the law,
the people of Kansas are to be estopped by this
Lecompton constitution; I desire to plead an es-
toppel in behalf of that people upon some honor-
able Senators upon this floor. On the 2d of July,
1 1856, upon their official oaths as Senators in this
; body, Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-
i see, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead,
i Brown,Cass, Clay, Crittenden, Douglas, Evans,
Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Pratt, Pugh, Reid, Se-
bastian, Slidell, Stuart,x Thompson of Kentucky,
Toombs, Toucey, Weller, Wright, and Yulee,
; by their votes here, declared that the Kansas-Ne-
i braslta bill was not an enabling act; for on that
i day they voted to create an enabling act for the
i people of that Territory. If estoppels are to be
pleaded against the poor down-trodden people of
Kansas, when they have been tyrannized over by
a meager minority, backed up by the Army, and
the whole force of the Government of the United
States, I beg leave, also in their behalf, to plead an
estoppel against those gentlemen who are plead-
ing this Lecompton constitution as an estoppel
against them. As against the President of the
United States, or rather as against this Adminis-
j tration, I will also plead an estoppel. This Ad-
I ministration claims to be estopped by the action
; of the last Administration from raising any ques-
j tion as to the legality of the Legislature of 1855;
I that the people of Kansas are to be estopped from
' saying anything about the usurpation which then
! took place in that Territory; that they must sub-
; mit to that Legislature, and to all that follows as
• the consequence of that submission. The last
j Administration officially declared, (and the pres-
j ent Administration should be bound by it,) in
! effect, that there was no enabling act then in ex-
\ istence for Kansas, and that it was necessary that
' Congress should intervene to pass an enabling
| act for that Territory. President Pierce said, m
. a special message to Congress,in January, 1856:
I " This, it seems to me, can be best accomplished by pro-
1 vidmg that when the inhabitants of Kansas may desire it,
i and shall be of sufficient numbers to constitute a State, a
I convention of delegates, duly elected by the qualified voters,
' shall assemble to frame a constitution, and thus prepare,
i through regular and lawful means, for its admission into
I the Union as a State. I respectfully recommend the enaet-
1 ment of a law to that effect. -I recommend, also, that a
j special appropriation be made to defrayany expense which
I mav become requisite in the execution of the laws or the
! maintenance of public order in the Territory of Kansas.
I It follows of necessity, if there is no enabling
j act contained in the organic act of Kansas Terri-
| tory, the whole pretended authontativeness of
' this Lecompton conventipn necessarily comes to
I the ground, and the constitution of necessity must
I fall with it. But, sir, I go one step further. Still
1 standing on the grounds assumed by its advocates,
I conceding, for the moment, that such a power is
i contained in the organic act as an enabling clause,
i what follows ? The power thus given, is given
I to the Territorial Legislature, and it just as much
| belongs to the Legislature of 1857, as to the Legjs-
I latureof 1855. The powers of the present Legis-
! lature are equal to the powers of the Legislature
I which called the convention to frame this consti-
