1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
985
and heartily indorse, as a complete refutation ©f the slan-
* ders above referred to.
John Calhoun, A. W. Jones,
w. s. wells, ii. bf'tcher,
L. S. John M. Wallace,
W. T. Si'icely, L. A. Pratheh.
Lecompton, Kansas Territory, June 13,1857.
' "Resolved^ That we will support no man as a delegate to
the constitutional convention, whose duties it will be to
frame the constitution of the future State of Kansas, and to
mold the political institutions under which we, as a.peo-
ple, ai e to live, unless he pledges himself, fully, freely, and
without reservation, to use every honorable means to sub-
mit the same to every bona fide actual citizen of Kansas,
at the proper time for the vote being taken upon the adop-
tion by ihe people, in order that the said constitution may
be adopted or rejected by the actual settlers of this Terri-
tory, as the majority of voters shall decide."
The i( slander" was, that they were not about
to submit the constitution, to be formed by the
convention at Lecompton, to the people for ratifi-
cation or rejection!
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator will permit me,
I desire to ask him the question, how thgse gen-
tlemen voted in the convention on the question of
submitting the constitution or not submitting it? I
desire, also, to call his attention to this other fact:
if the law calling them, or the proclamation of the
Governor, or any other common understanding
of the country, created a just expectation that the
constitution would be submitted, why was it
deemed neccssary to exact a special pledge in the
county of Douglas? How did they vote ? I will
answer, that they all voted in favor of submission;
but they were overruled by the delegates of other
counties.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Mis-
souri asks the question, how these gentlemen voted
in the convention? They may have voted,'as he
alleges, for the submission of the constitution. I
amnotatthismomentadvised,of my own knowl-
edge, of the fact, but it, in no respect whatever,
varies the inducements which were held out to
the people of Kansas to believe that the constitu-
tion would be submitted for their ratification or
rejection. This pledge was signed by Mr. Cal-
houn and the leading men of tjie convention; and
the pledge was given under such circumstances
that it affected not merely the electors of Douglas
county, but affected the action of the electors
throughout the whole Territory.
Here I will notice a point which was taken by
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown.] He claims that these men were released
from their pledge by those persons who elected
them—by theirpoliticalfriends. He feltthe force
of the blow and endeavored to parry it, but the
answer which he gives is, in my judgment, just
no sufficient answer. A pledge given by a public
man before an election may just as well affect the
action of those who oppose his election as those
who sustain it. It may induce them not to vote
against him. It may induce them not to take any
part to prevent his election. But there is another
reason why the people of the Territory of Kansas
should not be estopped by the result of that elec-
tion, and that is this: the Administration at Wash-
ington, in every form in which an Administration
can be bound m honor and in good faith, gave the
people of Kansas to believe, and to understand,
that it was a part of their policy on which they
would insist, that the constitution about to be
formed at J^ecompton, in Kansas, should be sub-
mitted to the people of that Territory for their rat-
ification or rejection. I maintain that by the action
of the President himself, by his own inaugural
address, in which he declared it to be " the impera-
tive and indispensable duty of the Government of
the United States to secure to every lesident in-
habitant the free and independent expression of
his opinion, by his vote;" by his instructions to
Governor Walker, in which he declared in his
official capacity, "when such a constitution shall
be submitted to the people of the Territory, they
must be protected in the exercise of their right of
voting for or against that instrument, and the fair
expression of the popular will must not be inter-
rupted by fraud or violence;" by the often re-
peated declarations of Governor Walker himself
to the people of Kansas, that he accepted the
appointment of Governor of Kansas upon the
express condition that he should advocate the
submission of the constitution to the people of
Kansas,for their ratification or rejection; by his
declaration to the people of Kansas, that it was
so understood by the President, and every mem-
ber of his Cabinet, that it was acquiesced in by
them, that in that respect, he and Uie President,
and the^Cabinet were united, that the constitution
should be submitted to the people for their ratifi-
cation or rejection; by all these assurances the
people of Kansas hfaa the right to believe, and
they did believe, that the Administration stood
pledged to the submission of the constitution to a
fair vote of the bona fide actual settlers of the Ter-
ritory, without being interrupted by fraud or by
violence. How could they think otherwise ? How
could there be two opinions about it? Hasit,in-
deed, come to this that no meaning is to be given
to the inaugural address of the President of the
United States while his oath of office is yet warm
upon his lips? What a spectacle do we present
to the whole civilized world ! Have we indeed
descended so low in the depths of official demor-
alization, that the people of the United States can
no longer place any reliance upon the official mes-
sages, proclamations, and declarations of their
highest functionaries ?
Sir, I maintain that the people of Kansas had
the right to believe, and they did believe, that
the Administration, through its chosen organs in
Kansas, Governor Walker and Secretary Stan ion,
as well as by the inaugural address of the Presi-
dent, and the letter of instructions to Governor
Walker, stood pledged—pledged in honor, pledged
in good faith—that the constitution to be formed
at Lecompton should be submitted for their ratifi-
cation or rejection. They had a right, not only
to believe it, but to insist upon it; and the people
of these United States, who are about to take this
whole Kansas policy into their own hands, have
a right to insist that the Congress of the United
States shall see to it that every pledge and assur-
ance thus given shall be, in letter and in spiritand
in perfect good faith, fulfilled to the people of Kan-
sas; that no such instrument, formed as this Le-
compton constitution was, shall be forced upon
that people against their will.
The President insists that the whole opposition
of the people of Kansas to the Lecompton con-
stitution grows out of the slavery question, and
further, that the slavery question has been fairly
submitted to the people of Kansas, and they should
be concluded by the result of the election upon
that submission. With all due deference to the
President of the United States, I shall maintain
that the slavery question was more important than
any other one question which agitated the people
of Kansas, yet there are many other grounds of
opposition to the adoption of the Lecompton con-
stitution by the people of Kansas, upon which
they had no opportunity to vote whatever. Gov-
ernor Walker says:
" I state it as a fact, based on a long and intimate asso-
ciation with the people of Kansas, that an overwhelming
majority of that people are opposed to that instrument, and
my letters state that but one out of twenty of the press of
Kansas sustains it. Some oppose it because so many coun-
ties were disfranchised and unrepresented m the convention.
Some who are opposed to paper money, because it author-
izes a bank of enormous capital for Kansas, nearly unlimited
in Us issues, and in the denomination of its notes, fiomone
dollar up and down. Some because of what they consider
a Know-Nothitig clause, by lequiring that the Governor
shall have been twenty years a citizen of the United States.
Some because the elective franchise is not fiee, as they j
cannot vote against the constitution, but only on the single
issue, whetherany more slaves may be unpolled, and then
only upon the issue by voting for the constitution to winch
they are opposed. They regaul this as but a mockery of the
elective fianchise, and a perilous sporting with the sacred
rights of the people. Some oppose because the constitution
distinctly recognizes and adopts the Oxford fiaud in appor-
tioning legislative members for Johnson county, upon the
fraudulent and fictitious return"* so falsely called, from that
precinct, which recognition of that fraud in the constitution
is abhoi rent to the moral sense of the people. Others oppose
because, although in other cases the piesidents of conven-
tions, have been authorized to l-^ue wnts of election to the
regular territonal or State officers with the usual judges,
with the established precincts and adjudication of returns,
m this case unpiecedented and vice regal powers arc given
to the president of the convention to make the precincts,
the judges, and to decide finally upon the returns.
" From the grant of these unusual and enormous powers,
and from other reasons connected with the fraudulent re-
turns of Oxford and McGee, an overwhelming majority of
the people of Kansas have no faith in the validity of these
letuins, and therefore will not vote."
But I maintain that the slavery question in no
just sense was submitted to the people of Kansas
at all. The only question submitted to them was
the constitution with slavery under the slavery
article; or the constitution with slavery under the
slavery schedule. It was to be a slave State in
any event. So it was understood by all the poli-
ticians and presses who are to be regarded as
among the leaders of the slavery extendingpolicy.
The Charleston Mercury says:
" We do not think that the question of slavery or no sla-
very is submitted to the vote of the people. Whether the
clause in the constitution is voted out or voted in, slavery
exists and has a guarantee in the constitution that it shall
not be interfered with.55
It is expressly provided in the constitution that
if the slavery article be stricken out, the property
in the slaves then existing in the Territory shall
never be interfered with. So far as the slaves
then-existing in the Territory are concerned, it ia
much more severe under the schedule than it is
under the slavery article. Under the slavery ar-
ticle it is provided that you can emancipate the
slaves in the Territory upon making compensa-
tion. Under the slavery article, it is provided
that you can prevent the importation of slaves
even into the Territory after you have abolished
slavery within the State of Kansas.
But let us look a little more closely into the
provisions of this constitution, as to the question
whether slavery was actually submitted at all to
the people of Kansas. I call yourattention, and
the attention of any person accustomed to the
consideration of legal questions, who has a seat
on this floor, and I "put home the question to him:
how, if the slavery article were stricken out of
the constitution of Kansas, could afree negro, by
whatever means taken into the Territory of Kan-
sas, assert his freedom? If a slaveholder living
in Missouri should embark his slaves on board a
boat to cross the river into Kansas, and land with
his slaves upon the soil of Kansas, with your sla-
very article stricken out, how could they obtain
or assert their freedom ? One provision in this
constitution declares that " free negroes shall not
be permitted to live in Kansas, under any circum-
stances." There is another provision which de-
clares that no freeman shall be exiled from Kan-
sas. A negro, therefore, if free, shall not live in
Kansas; and a negro, if free, shall not be exiled
from Kansas. How can he assert his freedom ?
Can he go into any court in Kansas and assert it ?
If he apply for a habeas corpui, if he bring a suit
for his freedom, he is estopped by the constitution
from saying that he is a freeman—a!free negro in
Kansas.
Sir, under the provisions of the Lecompton con-
stitution, a free negro could not enter the courts
of Kansas alive, and be permitted to say, " I ami
free." He is estopped from saying that he is a
free man anywhere on the soil of Kansas, under
that constitution, even with your slavery article
stricken out. Under that constitution, no matter
by what means a negro is taken there, but one
alternative is presented. The courts of Kansas
will not suffer him to enter alive, and say that ho
is free;-the courts of the United States are closed
against him because of his African descent. There
is, therefore, under that constitution, but one dread
alternative presented to a negro in Kansas, by
whatever means he goes there—slavery or death.
He lias no remedy whatever. Take it all in all,
the greatest mistake—t ought to say, the boldest
and the most unfounded of all assumptions by
which it is sought to bolster up the Lecompton
constitution—is the assumption that the question
of slavery was ever submitted at all to the people
of that Territory. I know of but one bolder and
more unfounded assumption, and that is, that it
was fairly submitted to the people of the Terri-
tory.
For one moment I should like to go with one
of the honorable Senators upon the other side of
the Chamber, back in imagination to the 21st of
December. Let us suppose that we placed our-
selves at the polls in Kansas, desiring to exercise
rights as citizens of Kansas. From our position
and education and convictions, it would be very
reasonable to suppose that we might differ entirely
as to the policy of the introduction of the institu-
tion of slavery into that State. I should desire to
vote against it. He might desire to vote in its
favor. We present ourselves at the polls. He
challenges my vote; I challenge his. Before either
of us can deposit our ballots, we are required to
take an oath to support this constitution when it
is adopted, and as there can be no vote whatever
against it, it must of necessity be adopted. We
look into its provisions. We find incorporated
into the body of that instrument, and as a part
of its very essence, its representation based upon
the fraudulent votes and returns from Johnson
jfy
