1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
987
vice to them is, let them hold it or die in the at-
tempt." I shall not pursue the history of that
transaction. The report and speech of my hon-
orable friend from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] are
conclusive to show that from thatusurpation, from
the moment that armed body of men took posses-
sion of the Territory of Kansas, down to the time
when the Lecompton constitution was framed,
there never has been a moment that the power of
the usurpers has not reigned supreme in that Ter-
ritory, sustained by the Administration at Wash-
ington.
But one thing remained, and that was to induce
the Ad ministration at Washington, after they had
accomplished this result, to acquiesce in the usurp-
ation. Then commenced the most memorable
struggle in the Congress of the United States
•which this country has ever witnessed; the Pres-
ident upon the one side, with a large majority of
the Senate and the House of Representatives with
a small minority on the other. The whole ques-
tion which underlay that controversy was simply
this, nothing more and nothing less: shall the
Congress of the United States, by law set aside
or acquiesce in this usurpation. That struggle
was a long one. For a long time it was a doubt-
ful one,; it was an earnest one; but at length the
Executive by the power of the Administration
brought to bear, succeeded. From that hour to
the present moment, the Executive has declared
and insisted that the laws passed by that Terri-
torial Legislature should be enforced by the whole
power of the Government and at the point of the
bayonet. From that moment there has been no
relaxation in the grasp of that usurpation. They
feel it now; it is resting upon them still, and the
crowning object of the whole, the ripened fruit of
that usurpation, and for which it was done, is
this Lecompton constitution. Yes, sir, as it was
resolved before the Kansas-Nebraska bill was
passed, in western Missouri, at the meeting at
which Air. Atchison made his speech, that they
would carry the institutions of Missouri into Kan-
sas at whatever cost of blood or of treasure, they
did organize, they did take possession of Kansas
by force of awns, they did elect the Legislature
of Kansas, by which, in three short weeks of a
session they did extend the whole code of Mis-
souri over the Territory, adding to it some pro-
visions of their own, so atrocious and damnable
in their character, that no member of Congress
in either House has ever yet dared to stand up
and defend them.
But, Mr. President, I fear that I have tres-
passed upon the time and the patience of the Sen-
ate already. I desire to say but a very few words
more and I shall have done. It was during that
struggle in Congress, and while it was pending,
that the Republican party proper commenced its
organization at Pittsburg, on the 22d of February,
1856. During that struggle, as the presidential
election was coming off, I admit there were many
individuals for whose intelligence I have the high-
est respect, and whose patriotism and integrity
of character I have no reason to doubt, who not
only did notbelieve, but whom no evidence which
could then be produced could make believe, that
any such state of things in fact existed. It was
denounced as mere political exaggeration got up
for political purposes for the advancement of a
political party. They closed their eyes; they
closed their ears; they did as th'e honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina says that he has in-
tended to do—they chose to remain ignorant of
the facts transpiring in Kansas. They could not
be made to believe that such a state of things
could possibly exist in this country as that there
should be a deliberate and an organized invasion,
and actual subjugation of one of the Territories of
the United States by force of arms for the purpose
of establishing slavery in the Territory against
the will of the people.
But the vail has now been drawn aside. It has
been drawn aside under such circumstances, it has
been drawn aside by such hands, that they can
no longer disbelieve. The witnesses who now
stand before the public to prove the truth of the
transactions in Kansas, are not a committee sent
out by the House of Representatives. They are
not the political fiiends of the Republican party.
No, sir; they are the witnesses whom you have
chosen to send out as your own chosen agents—
the witnesses to whom I have already referred—
live Governors in succession, who, though they
have gone out there prejudiced against the peo-
ple, with prejudiced eyes, not prepared to see the
truth, yet have been conquered in spite of their
prejudices, and have been converted by the people
of Kansas from political enemies into warm self-
sacrificing friends. They are the men of your
own choice. I ask, by what miraclc of power is
it that the people of Kansas have conquered all
these Governors that have been sent out there to
administer their affairs. The secretof their power
consists in the simple fact that what they say, and
what they have said from the beginning, is true
in relation to that Territory.
Mr. President, I have gone over the history of
this transaction much more rapidly than I could
have desired; but I have done. There stands the
fact. It can no more be doubted that there was
a regularly organized invasion and subjugation
of that Territory, and the imposition of that Le-
gislature, than there can be a doubt that Cossar
crossed the Rubicon, or that Cornwallis surren-
dered to General Washington. There stands the
indisputable, the overwhelming, the appalling
truth, recorded upon the page of our history. No
sophistry can obscure it; no special pleading, dic-
tated by partisan blindness or mad ambition,can
withdraw it from the sight. Though it sear the
eye-balls, it will not down at your bidding. There
it stands, and will continue to stand, when you
and I and all of us shall have gone to render an
account of our stewardship, and the part we may
have borne in these transactions, to the Lord of
lords and the King of kings, when all that is
mortal of us shall long since have moldered into
ashes. Though centuries shall have passed away,
American liberty, as she looks upon that page,
may strive to obliterate it, butin vain. No man-
tle of her shame will be broad enough to cover it.
No tears of her anguish can wash it away. The
blood of her sons, though it flow in torrents, can-
not drown it out of sight.
But one more act remains to make the page of
infamy complete. Pass this bill, and it is done.
Pass this bill, and the historian will record upon
the page of history, for after generations, there
to remain forever, that in the same year in which
Russia proclaims freedom to her bondmen, and
the whole civilized world is exultant with rejoic-
ing at the act, republican America, trampling
under foot its own Declaration of Independence,
and every principle of self-government, by force
of arms established a State government in Kan-
sas for the purpose of extending the institution
of slavery into that State against the will of its
inhabitants.
Mr. HAMLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator from Maine
permit me to interpose a remark? Does he desire
to proceed to-night?
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Foster] suggests to me—I suppose
there is no impropriety in my saying what the
suggestion is—that he would like to occupy a
very short time this evening. It will be very agree-
able to me to yield the floor to him for that pur-
pose.
Mr. GREEN. Very well.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President —-
Mr. YULEE. I ask the Senator, if agreeable
to him, to give way for a motion for an execu-
tive session.
Mr. FOSTER. I prefer not. I wish to be
heard a short time, and prefer going on now.
Mr. YULEE. Very well.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, after the inti-
mation which was given us by the honorable Sen-
i ator from Missouri, representing the majority of
j the Territorial Committee, that the vote on this
| question is to be taken on Monday next, it struck
i me that those who proposed to be heard on this
i subject had better be prompt in their action. I
' certainly received it as kind in the honorable Sen-
! ator to give us this early notice, for I was one of
those who had been making some preparation to
address the Senate upon the subject now pending.
I have made some few notes and memoranda on
the subject, but I had not expected to speak upon
it to-day, and I have not those notes or memo-
randa here; but, sir, I have before me the consti-
tution which it is proposed to impose on the people
of Kansas by this body, and I desire to call the
attention of the Senate for a few moments to that
constitution, and to urge a few of the reasons
why I, as a member of the Senate, can never vote
to admit Kansas under that constitution, and with
the provisions and principles which it contains,
though everything else in regard to the subject
was as 1 could wish it to be.
In the first place, I cannot vote to admita State
into this Confederacy which lies north of 36° 30'
north latitude, having slavery as a provision of
its constitution. I recognize the Missouri com-
promise of 1820 as still binding upon the people
of this country, notwithstanding the passage of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill in 1854.- I am one of
those who mean to be bound by that compromise,
to act upon it here, at least so far forth as never
to vote for the admission of a State lying north
of that line, which State proposes to establish Af-
rican slavery. I believe that compromise wan
entered into in good faith. I believe that it con-
duced to the peace of the country foralongcourse
of years. I believe there was nonnecessity for its
repeal. I believe that its repeal was a violation
of plighted faith. I believe it was an outrage upon
the moral sense of the nation, and it ought not to
have been done. I therefore will recognize the old
compromise, and will never recognize the repeal.
Inasmuch as this constitution proposes to es-
tablish slavery in the future State of Kansas, ant}
to establish it in a most offensive and obnoxious
form—if that were all, I could not vote for its ad-
mission. The article to which I call the attention
of the Senate is the seventh article of the Lecomp-
ton constitution, which is before us. The first
section of that article reads thus:
"The rightof property is before and higher than anycon-
stitutionn} sanction. and thp light of thp owner of a slave
to such slave, and its increase is the same, and as inviola-
ble as the light otUhe owner of any property whatever."
That section contains a principle which, in my
judgment, is false in morals, false in politics, and
false m law. I will never vote for the admission
of a State into this Union with a provision so ob-
noxious as that. If we were admitting a State
lying far south, there would be no necessity for
the enunciation of a doctrine like that. Even
although the State might tolerate and establish
slavery, it need not do it in that most offensive
form. It is flying in the face of Christendom in
a manner which I cannot justify or tolerate. I do
not believe that here, in the latter half of the nine-
teenth century of the Christian era, it is to be laid
down as a fundamental principle in a constitution
which is required to be republican in its form, that
the right of property by man in man is prior to
all constitutional law, and is as inviolable as the
right to any property whatever. I believe that
the enunciation of a principle so glaringly false
as that, is a reproach and a shame to the age in
which we live. It is going backward in a very
rapid manner to barbarism, rather than forward
to a higher civilization and greater freedom.
The other provisions in the same article of the
constitution in regard to the manner in which sla-
very shall be controlled by the Legislature, are
exceedingly obnoxious to me. It is, however,
particularly to the principle which is enunciated
in the first section that I make more immediate
objection.
I shall not, at this late hour of the day, go over
all the provisions in this constitution to which I
make exception; but I will call attention to some
few, besides the one to which I have already al-
luded. I find laid down, as a part of the bill of
rights of this incipient State, this proposition:
" Free negroes shall not be permitted to live in this State
under any circumstances."
I do not believe that a provision like that should
be in a constitution which we areabout to approve,
or that such a constitution can be called republi-
can m its form.
Mr. GREEN. I would remind the Senator
that the Topeka constitution has a similar pro-
vision m it.
Mr. FOSTER. So far as I am advised, the
Topeka constitution has never been adopted by
the Senate, has never brought a State into this
Union, and if it has any such provision in it as
that. I apprehend it will never obtain my vote. I
do not believe that the Topeka constitution has
any such provision in it; but whether that con-
stitution, or any other has, it makes no difference
with me on this occasion.
Whether free negroes are citizens, or whether
they can be citizens of the United States or not,
it is admitted, this constitution admits, that they
are men. The very clause of this constitution
