988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
which creates slavery, and other portions of it,
provides how slaves may become emancipated and
pe free men. Another provision of this instru-
ment is, that no free roan shall be exiled from the
State. Under this constitution, a man who is a
slave may be emancipated by the laws of the
State in a constitutional manner! and he becomes
than, of course, a freeman—a negro, it is true, but
free by the constitution and the laws of the State
of Kansas. That negro cannot be exiled from
the State, because he is a free man. He cannot
live in the State, because he is a negro and a free
man. What is the result ? He must be put to
death. There is no question about the result at
which we arrive. A slave may be emancipated
and become a free negro, and he is then to be of-
fered a sacrifice. The manner is not provided in
the constitution, but he is to be offered a sacrifice.
At all events he must be killed, for we must abide
by the constitution; the Legislature can make no
law which shall give the free negro a right to live
a day, because there can be no law violating the
constitution. The negro, when made free under
the constitution and the laws of the State which
originally made him aslave, is to be put to death.
He is. to be put to death because he has been made
a free man, as it may be, against his will.
Is a constitution having provisions like these in
it, republican in its form ? If it be, it is certainly
not republican in its spirit, and I am forgoing be-
hind forms and looking at the substance. Where
a constitution has such gross, barbarous provis-
ions as those to which I have called attention, I
can never vote to add to the constellation of Amer-
ican States one that recognizes such principles.
Will it be said that no doubt the intention was
that the negro could go out of the State ? Why,
sir, if the will of certain men is to control public
affairs for the next twenty or fifty years, Kansas
may be surrounded with slave States, and those
slave States will each and all of them have the
right, if this may be recognized as rightful and
legal, to provide that no free negro shall ever come
within their limits; and what will be the result?
The negro, after he becomes free in Kansas, can-
not get out of the State; he cannot pass beyond
the line of the State. If he goes to Missouri,
the law of Missouri may condemn him to death
the moment he comes within its jurisdiction; so
may the Territory of Nebraska, if that should
become a State with this "blessing" of slavery
attached to it, and it should be disposed to keep
out free negroes. So of all other States beyond
the line of Kansas.
Mr. GREEN. Let me make one remark, with
the Senator's permission. More of the non-slave-
holding States in the Union than of the slave-
holding States, have provisions of law prohibiting
free negroes from coming into their borders. 1
assert that here, and am responsible for the asser-
tion. If the slave should even go through the
State of Missouri, and get into Illinois, there is
a prohibition—the very thing he is complaining
of in Kansas.
Mr. FOSTER. So much the worse for the free
negro. Should Kansas then be surrounded with
free States, and the disposition of which the Sen-
ator speaks be carried out in those free States,
there is no possible salvation for this negro; he
must be killed. The gentleman does not help the
constitution out of the difficulty.
Mr. GREEN. Does the Senator undertake to
intimate that the law of Illinois, or any other of
the non-slaveholding States, requires the free
negro to be killed? If so, it is not correct; and
I only mention this fact to show that the Sena-
tor's aigument is an absurdity.
Mr. FOSTER. It may be to the honorable Sen-
ator an absurdity. I have not asserted that any
of the States have made the penalty death for a
free negro to enter. I have only been arguing that
if a free negro attempts to stay in Kansas, the
constitution, in so many words, requires him to
be put to death. I have alluded to the fact that
if that provision of the constitution be one right-
ful and proper, all surrounding States would have
a right to pass a similar law, making the penalty
death for any free negro to come within the State;
and if they should do so, I say there could be no
possible escape for the negro; and if they should
not do so, still, inasmuch as under this constitu-
tion no free man can be exiled from the State, he
hgs therefore a right to remain; and if lie should
r«iw>iii he must be put to death. While that con-
stitution Stands, the absurdity of the argument
simply is this; that a black man shall not be per-
mitted to live in the State free, under any circum-
stances. He may be made free, and there is no
power known to the constitution to put him out;
on the contrary, the constitution provides that
he shall not be put out. Now, I beg the honor-
able Senator, who seems keen on (lie subject of
absurdity, to point out what possible mode there
is for a free black to live in the State of Kansas
under these two provisions—that he shall not live
in the State free, under any circumstances, and
yet that there is no power known to the constitu-
tion to get him out?
Mr. GREEN, Do you want an answer?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly, if the honorable
Senator wishes to answer.
Mr. GREEN. Ifthe Senator desires an answer,
he shall have it. I answer that the same provision
in Kansas for getting him out exists, independent
of law, as exists in Illinois, to get him out of Illi-
nois, and other non-slaveholding States; and yet
prohibition is as post^ve in those non-slavehold-
ing States as it is m the State of Kansas; and more
than that, it is not to be expected that a constitu-
tion will provide all the means to execute itself.
There are a thousand provisions in the State con-
stitutions, and in the United States Constitution,
which require the aid of the legislative power to
provide the means to execute and carry them out.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable gentleman has
failed to give an answer that at all meets the ex-
igencies of the case. He refers me to the State of
Illinois and other States where the provision, he
says, is equally positive that free blacks shall not
live, as it is here. There is no particular mode
provided for getting the black out of the State.
The answer simply removes the difficulty across
the river; but if the difficulty exists there, it is
just as great. I apprehend, however, that the con-
stitution of Illinois does not contain exactly this
same provision.
Mr. GREEN. It is the law of Illinois, not the
constitution.
Mr. FOSTER. But here is a constitution which
makes a man a slave and allows him to be made
free, and then says when made free he shall not
live in the State, and it contains another provision
that no free man shall be exiled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish at all to in-
terfere in the discussion between the honorable
Senator from Connecticut and the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri, but I wish to say that there
is no law in the State of Illinois providing that a
free negro shall not live in the State.
Mr. GREEN. But there is a law that he shall
not come in. Suppose he comes in: what do you
do with him ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have a provision for
disposing of him if he comes into the State. We
have a statute law on that subject.
Mr. GREEN. How do you dispose of him?
You set him up and sell him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Under our statutes we hire
him.
Mr. GREEN. You sell him for a time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He is hired out for a par-
ticular length of time.
Mr. GREEN. Kansas will do the same thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a different provision.
Mr. FOSTER. If Kansas does the same thing,
she will break her constitution.
Mr. BRODERICK. Will the Senator from
Connecticut yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. BRODERICK. I understand that it is the
desire of the majority on this side of the Cham-
ber to have an executive session; and that being
the case, I ask the Senator from Connecticut to
suspend his remarks until to-morrow. It is now
four o'clock.
Mr. FOSTER. I would give way with great
pleasure to the request of the honorable Senator
from California, but for the fact that I shall oc-
cupy only a short time longer.
Mr. BRODERICK. I hope the Senator will
suspend his remarks until to-morrow.
Several Senators. Oh, no ! go on now.
Mr. FOSTER. I shall not occupy longer than
ten minutes. I am exceedingly sorry to disoblige
the Senator from California, if my going on now
does disoblige him; but as i have only a few
words to say, I may as well say them now.
Mr. BRODERICK. I would rather hear the
Senator at greater length, and therefore I hope he
will consent to postpone his remarks until to-
morrow
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator from
Illinois, I have no doubt, has stated correctly the
law of that State; but, in reply, the honorable
Senator from Missouri says the State of Kansas
would take the same course as the honorable
Senator from Illinois says is provided under the
law of Illinois in regard to free blacks. If so, I
repeat, the State of Kansas would violate the
provision of her constitution. Although luring a
man to service, as a penalty for the violation of
the law, is unquestionably a severe penalty, yet
it is less severe than death; and here the penalty,
if it is anything, is and must be death. They
have no more right to hire the man out, or to sell
him and make him a slave over again, than they
have to do any other possible act that the consti-
tution has prohibited; for it is provided, in ex-
press terms, "free negroes shall not be permitted
to live in the State under any circumstances."
Besides, the difficulty is greater than the Senator
from Missouri seems to suppose, comparing the
provisions of this inchoate State with the Slate of
Illinois, because the law of Illinois, as I under-
stand the honorable Senator from that State, sim-
ply prohibits under penalties the coming into the
State of a certain class of persons. That is not
the case here. This constitution provides for a
man's being created, so to speak, a free black on
the soil of the State, who was there lawfully as a
slave; it may be against his will, and we are to
presume against his will. Being there on the
soil of the State against his will, under the law
he is made free, as it may be, against his will; and
the penalty for being free is death. I say that is
an arbitrary, despotic, outrageous principle—one
which can never be tolerated in a country that
has any idea of genuine liberty; and this is to be
on a soil of all others in the United States blessed
with perfect freedom.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question, not for my information alone,
but for the information of my people?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I understand him to make ob-
jections to the constitution of Kansas, because of
what he alleges is contained in that constitution'
as to the policy of the people of Kansas in regard
to the condition of those who are slaves. Does
the Senator understand that the Congress of the
United States can look into a State constitution to
see what the policy of the people of that State is
in regard to the condition of service, whether for
life or for any other time, and to reject a State be-
cause a Senator may disapprove its policy.
Mr. FOSTER.. I do understand that the Con-
gress of the United States when called upon by a
Territory to admit that Territory into the con-
stellation of States, as one of the members of
this Federal Union, if it has in its constitution
principles at war with those which underlie our
Constitution, at war with the principles of our Dec-
laration of Independence, at war with the plainest
principles of liberty, that such a constitution can -
not be Republicaneven in its form, and is therefore
objectionable distinctly on that ground—that we
cannot permit a State with such a constitution to
become a member of this Confederacy.
Mr. MASON. Will the gentleman indulge me
a moment ?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I am glad to hear his answer.
It will throw a flood of light on this question be-
fore the people where there is this condition of
African slavery. I understand the Senator to say
that, conceding that Congress can look into the
constitution ofa State applying for admission only
to see that it is republican m form, it is his judg-
ment that where the condition of slavery is recog-
nized, it is not republican in form, and therefore
not to be admitted.
Mr. FOSTER. I have not asserted such a
principle.
Mr. MASON. I understood that to be the con-
clusion at which the Senator arrived.
Mr. FOSTER. The gentleman may have drawn
that as an inference, and if the language implies
that, it is a fair inference; but that is not my under-
standing of the language, and with entire deier-
ence to the honorable Senator from Virginia, i do
not think my language is fairly susceptible of that
^onstrucfion.
