1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9B§
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator, then, will
restate it. I should like to be disabused of the
inference I drew.
Mr. FOSTER. I may not restate it in the
precise terms in which I stated it before, bat I will
do so as nearly as my recollection will enable me.
My statement, in substance, was this: that where
a constitution contained principles that were at
war with the principles of our Federal Constitu-
tion, at war with the principles of our Declara-
tion of Independence, at war with the plainest
principles of freedom and liberty, recognized
the world over, we could not call such a consti-
tution republican in its form; and it would, there-
fore,, be obnoxious to that objection, and the
State would, therefore, not be entitled to admis-
sion.
Mr. MASON. Because it is not republican.
Mr. FOSTER. Because it is not republican,
and because it is not recognizing the principles of
freedom on which our Government is based. I
by no means assert that, because a State consti-
tution, or the constitution of an incipient State,
in some form may recognize the existence of Af-
rican slavery on its soil, that constitutes an insur-
mountable reason why we cannot admit it as a
State. Ishould greatly prefer that all States would
come in free; but I by no means go to the extent
of saying that, under all circumstances, if that
provision were wanting, for that reason alone a
State should be kept out. I think it would be im-
politic for a State to come in with a provision rec-
ognizing slavery in any form; but very clear am
I that, where a State lays down a provision of the
sort which I have read, it goes far beyond any
exigency in regard to establishing African slavery.
If it merely said what various State constitutions
may at present say, in regard to the right of the
master to hold slaves, under certain circumstances,
within that State establishing, creating the " pe-
culiar institution," it might not be obnoxious to
the exception I am making to this provision.
This lays down a principle, a fundamental prin-
ciple, a radical principle, which is either false or
true. I say it is false; and I say it without re-
gard at all to the right of the several States now
in the Union, or the right of those that may here-
after come in, to hold slaves. This principle is
independent of that. It goes over and beyond it,
and that is what I object to. I am not for inter-
fering with the relation of master and slave in the
honorable Senator's State. The trampling of this
principle underfoot does not atall affect the right
of afly State in this Union, in my judgment, to
hold their slaves under their State constitutions.
I meddle not with those relations, and would do
nothing whatever to disturb them; but, sir, when
a State comes here with a principle of this sort in
its constitution, it challenges either my assent or
denial; and I am compelled to deny its truth. A
constitution containing such a principle is neither
republican in form nor in spirit.
Mr. BRODER1CK. Will the Senator from
Connecticut yield for a moment? It is evident,
from the interrogatories which have been put to
the Senator, that he will occupy a great deal more
of the time of the Senate this afternoon than lie
imagines; and therefore I ask him again to give
way, for the purpose of going into executive
session, so that he can have the floor to-mor-
row.
Mr. FOSTER. I think I should have been
through in this time if the honorable Senators had
not interrupted me. I shall be through in five
minutes.
Mr. BRODER.ICK. A great many Senators
on this side of the House may put questions to
the gentleman, and to answer would occupy more
time than he imagines.
Mr. FOSTER. If such a case should happen,
I assure the Senator I will take occasion at an-
other time to answer them.
Mr. BRODERICK. I would consider it a
favor if the Senator would give way for an exec-
utive session.
Several Senators, (to Mr. Foster.) Go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The Chair considers that the Senator from Con-
necticut declines "to yield the floor.
Mr. FOSTER. I do so, I assure the Senator i
from California, with every disposition to oblige |
him, and I shall disoblige him but for a few mo- j
raents longer. j
There is another provision inthisconstMition, <
which is the fourteenth section of the schedule, j! people are exceedingly divided in their sentimfents
providing . jn r0gard to government. We know that a very
"After the year 1864, wheneverthe Legislature shall think M large portion—nineteen twentieths of the people
itneeessavytoamend.alter.orehanffethis constitution, thpv il nf t.hnt. Tprritnvtr nfl T ItnllnirA ....    **
lor or against calling a convention ; and, if it shall' appear
that a majority of all citizens of the State have voted for a 1
convention, the Legislature shall, at its next regular ses-
sion, call a convention, to consist of as many members as
there may be in the House of Representatives at the time,
to be chosen in the same manner, at the same places, and by
the same electors that chose the Representatives; said del-
egates so elected, shall meet within three months after said
election, for tlie purpose of revising, amending, or changing
the constitution, but no alteration shall tie made to affect
the rights of property m the ownership of slaves."
That is an exceeding]y obnoxious feature in this
constitution, in my judgment. It is enough to
condemn the whole instrument. I by no means
agree with gentlemen who adopt the principle that
a State constitution may be changed with such sur-
prising facility as they argue that it may. I un-
derstand the honorable Senator from Missouri (for
whose opinion and judgment as a lawyer, I cer-
tainly have respect) to say that the people of a
State may change their constitution in " any legal
way." It is a most indefinite expression. No
doubt a State may change its constitution in any
legal way. The question is, what is a legal way ?
The way pointed out in the constitution is the
legal way in which the constitution of the State 6f
Kansas, should it become a State, may be changed;
and that, I assert, is the only legal mode in which
that constitution, if it be adopted, can be changed.
Granting that it may possibly be changed in some
other way, and there be no Bloodshed, it will still
be revolution.
But, sir, it provides that "no alteration shall
be made to affect the rights of property in the
ownership of slaves;" that is to say, slavery shall
be a perpetual institution in the State that is to be
the State of Kansas; it shall exist there through
all time. That is the distinctand direct provision
of this constitution. Now, I apprehend the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri will not say that
the Legislature of the State may call a convention
of the people of that State, and if the people come
together in that convention and vote to abolish
slavery, or rather make a constitution containing
an article which abolishes slavery, slavery would
then be abolished in the State of Kansas. I ap- j
prehend the honorable Senator from Missouri will <
not say that can be done.
Mr. GREEN rose.
Mr. FOSTER. I have promised the honorable
Senator from California to be brief, and if I were
to be interrupted now it would prevent me from
keeping my promise. If the gentleman will an-
swer categorically, yes or no, it will take no time,
and he can answer. Unless his resporse amounts
to that I might not understand it. If the question
is capable of being answered by yes or no, I shall
understand it; but if it takes more words I might
misunderstand it; and therefore perhaps it is not
worth while now for me to give way to the Sen-
ator.
I agree that there have been States in this Con-
federacy which have changed their constitutions
in a manner not provided for m the Constitution,
and those States have been alluded to at various
times to prove what is claimed to be an inalien-
able right of the people to alter, amend, or abolish
their form of government whenever they please;
but does it prove it? Because the State of New
York, or any other State, has made an alteration, ^   -
or has actually abolished an existing constitution, t; should all live under a despotism if we had not a
in a manner not provided for in that constitution, constitution limiting the powers of Government,
does it prove that such a change is legal—-is not ij It that constitution is a nose of wax in the hands
revolutionary? No, sir; it does not. It simply j! of those who may abolish it when they please,
proves that those portions of the people who did I where is liberty at all ? It is ono of the modes ill
not agree to that alteration, if there were any such, !! which the rights of men are perverted when we
acquiesced 111 the change. Does anybody believe ij talk about their right to abolish their form of
that the slaveholders m Kansas would acquiesce !: government. It isa right to abolish forms of gov-
favor of having ita slave State. Here, however,
is a constitution which establishes slavery in it
forever. Now, I say, establish this constitution,
and it can never be lawfully abolished, except by
consent of every slaveholder in the State of Kan-
sas. If it can never be lawfully abolished except
by the consent of every slaveholder in the State,
it simply recognizes this principle, that where a
right is secured under a constitution, and a mode
is provided in that constitution for amending or
altering it, that right can never be affected or
taken away, exceptin the manner provided in the
constitution itself. The acquiescence of every
one whose right is to be affected has, no doubt,
the same effect. And this principle is applicable
not only to the owner of property, but the holder
of office, as the judge of a court, a sheriff, or any
other officer who might be holding an office under
the old constitution. If the people, under this in-
alienable right that is talked about, should make
a new constitution, elect new officers, ordain and
establish new courts of justice, and set up a new
State government, all those who are holding offics
under the former constitution and under the old
government, unless they chose to give up their
positions and acquiesce in this revolution of their
government, would be lawfully in the places to
which they had been appointed under the original
constitution and under the original law, and could
call upon the Executive of the United States if
they were about to be forcibly removed from their
offices, or if their legal behests were not obeyed,
and the Executive of the United States would be
bound to call m the physical force of the country,
the militia—the Army of the United States—to
carry out and to execute the mandates and judg-
ments of the original and lawful legal tribunals
under the old constitution, and never allow those
tribunals or those officers legally in power to be
overthrown and displaced by the new claimants.
Would the Supreme Court allow what gentlemen
here call " property" to be disposed of by the will
of the majority in any other manner than as pro-
vided in this constitution? No, sir; nobody be-
lieves it; and that isa test of the question, because
there are other rights as dear as the right to prop-
erty; and if that may not be done there is an end
of this loose talk, as it seems to me, about the
inalienable right of the people to govern them-
selves.
I believe in that right, Mr. President, as reli-
giously as any other man; and I believe that when
the people come together and make a compact
of government, under which they agree to live,
and prescribe how they may change it, it is their
will and pleasure so to make it, and they are bound
by it. And it is because they have this inalien-
able right that they are bound by it. It is their
government; they have a right to make it as they
please, and it is made to protect the rights of the
minority. That is the object of a constitution.
The very purpose of the instrument is to protect
the rights of those who, aside from the constitu-
tion, would not have the power to protect them-
selves, and not to allow their rights to be taken
away at the will of the majority. Here is a com-
pact. Under that compact, laws are to be made
and administered: under it: not outside of it; not
over it; otherwise there would be no safety. We
in the abolition of slavery in that State by a con-
vention called by the Legislature emanating from
the people? No, sir; nobody can believe it. If
it be not within the power of the people under
these circumstances to abolish slavery except ac-
cording to the terms and provisions of the consti-
tution, neither can they do anything else contrary
to the provisions of the constitution without the
acquiescence of the people. With that acquies- _ _
cence it makes a bloodless revolution, but never- t desultory and a very imperfect manner, mv ob
theless a revolution. i] jeciions to j>ome features, not to all, of tms con
In the Territory of Kansas, we know that the
I eminent which have been imposed upon tliem,
which are distasteful to them, which they have
had no hand in making; but when they have made
a consti tution, they ought to h ve under it or change
it m the manner in which they have agreed to
change it. Such have always been the decisions
everywhere, so far as I have known, and I trust
tin y always will be.
I have now staled, Mr. President, in a very
: stitution. These, of themselves, if there were no
