1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§91
Mr. ROBBINS. I move to suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended, two thirds having
voted in favor thereof.
Mr. ROBBINS then presented joint resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of New Jersey,
relative to the erection of public buildings in the
city of Trenton by the General Government; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled "An act to
amend an act entitled ' An act to promote the
efficiency of the jN'avy in respect to dropped und
retired officers;' " when the Speaker signed the
same.
THE BARK ADRIATIC.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Whereas, the American bark Adriatic, Captain Dunham
master, in tlie night time, on the 2d day of September, 183$,
came in collision with the French steamer Lvonnaia. on the
high seas, about sixty miles to the north of the Nantucket
shoals, on the American coast, by which collision the said
French steamer Lyonnais was sunk, and the said «teamer
and her caigo became a total loss, whilst the said American
baik sustained little injury, and continued her voyage to its
termination in Massachusetts bay ; and whereas, the said
Anieiioan bailc, under th  same master, somp time after tho
said collision, made a voyage to the port of Marseilles, in
Prance, when the said bark, it is said, was libeled by the
owners of the said Fiench steamer Lvonnais, to make her
responsible for the damages occasioned by the said collision,
on the ground that it was caused by the negrloct and want
of care of the officers in charge of the said American bark
Adriatic; and whereas, it is also stated that the court of the
first instance, in Franco, decided that the said claim for
damages was unfounded, and that, upon appeal, the said
decision was reversed, and the said American barkAduutic
was condemned, and held to pay the damages occasioned by
the said collision, on the giound, as it is lepoited, that the
said American baik was in default because she earned no
lights set, whilst the said French steamer had lights stt
above her dock, so as to show her position and coui>e she
was steering; and whereas, by the comnieicial law of
nations, sailing vessels arc not lequired to carry lights set
in the night tune, on the high seas; and whereas, there is
no law of the United States requiring sailing vessels on the
high seas to carry lights set in the night time, to show their
position and the course they are steering; and whereas, it
is believed that the laws, of Fiance make it obligatory on
saihngvessels belonging to the Fiench merchant marine to
carry lights set as aforesaid, in night time, upon the high
seas; and whereas the condemnation by a French couit, of
an Amencan vessel, to pay the. damages occasioned by a
collision between her and a French steamer on the high
seas, and beyond the terntoual jurisdiction of France, upon
the giound that the Amencan vessel and her officers were
in fault, and guilty of negligence and want of care, because
there were no lights set on the said vessel, to make her
presence known, and show the course she is Moving, as
requned by the laws of Fiance, is a wrong done lo the
owners of the said American vessel in their capacity of
Amei ican citizens, and is also an invasion of the sovereignty
of the United States, and an infringement of her rights a* a
member of the great family of nations, inasmuch as it sub-
jects Amencan citizens and American piopeity navigating
the high seas, under the exclusive jurisdiction and authoritv
of their own country, to the provisions of t lie law^ of Fiance,
which are obligatory only on her own people: Thciefoie,
Be it. resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the President of the United States be requested to inqmrc
into and ascertain the facts involved in the said alleged
seizure of the said American bai k, and the grounds on which
tne said reported condemnation ol the said Amencan bark
to pay the said damages was based, and whether there is
anylawof France requiring sailing vessels on the high seas
to carry lights set in the night time.
Jind he it finiher resolved, 6fC., That if it shall appear,
upon proper mquiiy, that the said condemnation was based
upon the ground that the American baiK and her officers
were guilty of neglect and want of care bccause there was
no Sight seton the said American ta.uk, a<« leqmrod by the
laws^of Fiance, then, and m that casp, the President of the
United States is hereby lequested to bung the said fact to
the notice of the French Government, wnti a view to obtain
redress tor the wrong sustained by American citizens in
this instance, and to prevent similar wrongs m the future.
Mr. OLIN. I object to the consideration of
the resolutions at this time.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I move to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. J. GLANCY JONES. I wish to know
what disposition the gentleman from Louisiana
proposes to make of the resolutions ?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I wish to take
the sense of the House upon the resolutions at this
time, or on some future day.
Mr. OLIN. I have no objection to the resolu-
tions, if the gentleman will move their reference
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana., Verv welt. If
the House will receive the resolutions, 1 will move
that reference.
Mr. BURROUGHS. I object.
Mr. M1LLSON. I desire to inquire whether
they are joint resolutions, or simply House reso-
lutions?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. They are joint
resolutions.
Mr. MILLSON. I would say to the gentleman
from Louisiana, if he will make them mere reso-
lutions, unincumbered with a preamble, I think
there will be little or no objection. I think the
gentleman will see that some statements in the
preamble involve not very clear principles of in-
ternational law.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I would in-
quire of the gentleman from Louisiana if they are
joint resolutions?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. They are.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. If the gen-
tleman from Louisiana will make them mere reso-
lutions of the House of Representatives, I shall
have no objection to them.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I prefer the res-
olutions as they ase. It is a matter of great im-
portance, and if the rules are suspended I will
move to refer the resolutions to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. I prefer to say
something on this subjectat this time, and if it is
in order, I will do so. [Cries of " No !" " No!"]
Mr. EDIti. That was not the bargain.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. There seems to
be a disinclination to have anything said upon the
subject at this time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
until the resolutions are read a first and second
time.
The joint resolutions were read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. If it be in order,
I desire to say a few words, and a few words only
in relation to the resolutions. [Cries of14 Go on !''
" Go on !'5]
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis-
iana is in order.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. The House of
Representatives, and indeed Congress, during the
present session, have been occupied for a great
length of time in relation to matters which are of
little public importance. I mean that the time of
the House and of the Senate has been taken up
in discussion which will probably lead to no prac-
tical result. The question now presented is one
of great public moment, and it is one that is con-
nected with the great interests of this nation. It
is known that these United States of America
have become the greatest commercial nation of
the world. It is of public importance to all en-
gaged m commerce, it is important to all citizens
of "the United States, that tiiose who are engaged
in that commerce, whether it be as ship-owners
or as navigators, should be assured of the posi-
tion which they occupy. The preamble to the
resolutions, which I have had the honor to sub-
mit, lays down what I conceive to be a settled
principle of law. It is known to all that until
the application of steam to ocean navigation,
there were very few collisions upon the high seas.
While the navigation of the ocean was confined
to sailing vessels, vessels going m opposite di-
rections scarcely ever pursued the same route.
The result was, that collisions wete very unfre-
quent. But since the application of steam as a
motive power, steamers pursue the shortest and
most direct track between the port of departure
and the port to which they are destined; and, there-
fore, when there is a favorable wind for sailing
vessels coming from the port of the steamer's des-
tination, and bound to the port from which the
steamer departed, those vessels going in opposite
directions, go upon the same track, and are ex-
tremely liable to come info collision with each
other. Owing to this fact, two of the greatest com-
mercial nations of the world—England and France j
—have legislated on the subject. In 1850 or 1851, j
England enacted a law by which sailing vessels, ,
when m the route of, or approaching a steamer,
were bound to show a light, in order that their ,
position might be discovered at a distance. The j
penalty for not complying with that regulation i
was a deprivation of the right to recover damages, -!
in the event of the sailing vessel being injured by
a collision with a steamer.
j! Mr. BURROUGHS. I would inquire of the
11 gentleman from Louisiana, whether it is his in ten*
I■ tion to encourage sailing vessels to navigate the
i high seas in the, night time without carrying
I lights? That seems to be the intention of his res-
5 olution.
! Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana, No, sir. In
1853 or 1854, an act of Parliament was passed in
England, making it obligator)? upon sailing ves-
sels to cSTrry lights upon the high seas, in partic-
ular situations, when the Admiralty determined
that lights oil such seas were proper or necessary.
The French Government, I believe, has acted
in the same direction. Up to this time the Ameri-
can Congress has not acted upon the subject.
The only statute enacted by the American Con-
gress, making it necessary for sailing vessels to
carry lights, has reference to the northern lakes.
Our vessels now upon the high seas are precisely
as they formerly were, under no obligation by
the commercial law of nations to show lights.
Under the law of nations, in the event of a col-
lision occurring between a steamer and a sailing
vessel, or between two sailing vessels, the ab-
sence of lights, placed in a conspicuous position
on either of the vessels has not heretofore, nor
can it now, enter as a constituent element in de-
termining whether or not the vessel was in fault.
If, under those circumstances, an American
vessel, which is under no obligation, by any law
of her own country, to carry a light, fails, in
consequence of there being no municipal law re-
quiring it, to carry one in the night time, and
comes into collision with a vessel, as the Adriatic
came into collision with the Lyonnais—if, I say,
when that vessel is found in a French port, it
i be liable to condemnation, if it be subject to be
declared in fault for that failure, and is therefore
made responsible for the damages occasioned by
such collision, merely because of afailure to com-
ply with the municipal regulation of the empire
of Prance-—if, when its owners and its masterhave
' violated no law of their own country, and have
! failed to do no one thing which the commercial
: law of nations requires, it is to be condemned, ac-
! cording to my opinion the citizens of the United
| States are subjected to a great wrong. And not
I only is that so; but the Governmentof the United
j States suffers a great wrong, because, if the courts
of a foreign country can proceed to condemn
American vessels, and make them responsible,
because of such a failure, then you subject the
commercial marine of the United States, you sub-
ject American citizens, to the laws of Prance upon ■
the high seas, and you destroy the equality of the
United States with the other nations of the world.
1 Until the Government of the United States sees
i fit, in pursuance of what I conceive to be a proper
i policy, to adopt such a municipal regulation, and
j makes it the duty of the owners of vessels, and
j those charged with theirnavigation ,to carry lights,
no such obligation exists; and it would bean un-
' warrantable'submission on the part of the Gov-
: ernment of the United States to injuries done to
! her citizens, and to the violation of her rights as
, a nation, if it were patiently to submit to any
such condemnation.
i Now, for myself, upon a proper occasion, I
| shall certainly vote for a statutory provision
; making it obligatory upon American sailing ves-
i sels to carry lights in the night time. Such
'• propositions haVc heretofore been made and neg-
i atived. Such a proposition is embraced in a bill
! now before the House, and which seems not to
{ be regarded with especial favor by a large portion
of our fellow-members. But whether we do or
: do not hereafter adopt such a rule, until we have
| adopted it I insist upon it that it is a plain prin-
| ciple of right, that our citizens, when not required
i by the laws of their own country to do so, are
| not bound to comply with any such regulation
j adopted by a foreign country,
j Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would like
' to ask the gentleman from Louisiana if the owners
: of the Adriatic have ever made any reprosenta-
j tions to the Government in regard to this matter?
I Mr. TAYLOR., of Louisiana. I am not aware
1 that they have; but from a discussion upon the
' subject which took place a few days since in the
, Chamber of Commerce of New York, I imagine
; there has been little opportunity to do so; for we
j all know from the public newspapers that the
Adriatic is at this time probably upon the ocean,
a fugitive from the French port.
