994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Congress of the United States to prohibit slavery
in the States. Hei  is that restriction:
" Sec. B. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in all that terri-
tory ceded by France"to the United States, under the name
of Louisiana, which lies north of 3o° 30' north latitude, not
' j (eluded within the limits of the State contemplated by this
net, slavery and involuntary servitude, otherwise than m the
punishment of crimes, whereof the parties shall have been
duly convicted, shall be,and is hereby, forever prohibited."
And in the joint resolution for the annexation
of Texas to the United States, we find this more
distinct and emphatic clause:
" And in such State or State? as shall be formed out of
said territory north of said Missouri compromise line, sla-
very or involuntary servitude (except for crime) shall be
prohibited."
There is the power distinctly claimed; and in
the Kansas and Nebraska bill it is distinctly sur-
rendered. I do not contend that the Constitution
afforded any pretext for such an assertion of
power. Par from it. The claim had been made,
however, and the surrender should follow.
But the gentleman says that the insertion of the
v/ords " Territory or," before the word " State,"
Makes that clause applicable to Territories in their
territorial condition, as well as to States; and that
the necessary construction of it is, that the people
of Territories, as such, shall be left free to regu-
late their domestic affairs, including the subject of
slavery, in their own way.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not contend—I would
not be guilty of the want of candor to contend—
that the language is not susceptible by possibility
of such a construction. What I contend for is,
that it is not the necessary construction of the
clause. Now, sir, you will bear in mind, that the
Territories of the United States often act in a
somewhat anomalous manner. Consider, if you
please, the case of the Territories of Florida, of
Michigan, and of Iowa. You will bear in mind
that, without any enabling act, without any au-
thority whatsoever from the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, those Territories proceeded to form
State constitutions, and presented them here, ask-
ing admission into the Union. What was their
condition then? I admit the doctrine that this
was a sort of declaration of independence on the
part of these Territories, and that their subse-
quent admission into the Union was an acknowl-
edgment of that independence. Congress was
not bound to admit them, however; and if it had
not, they would have remained in a territorial
condition. Their status was then subject to the
action of Congress. It might have been, then, in
reference to this anomalous, or, if I may so ex-
press it,hermaphrodite condition, that the words
tl Territory or State" were used.
Now, sir, I submit that if the phraseology em-
ployed was applicable to the Territories in their
territorial condition, the grant was made " sub-
ject to the Constitution of the United States."
This proviso followed the grant, and controlled
it. Whatever power we constitutionally had we
gave up, and no more. The gentleman says
that the Congress of the United States ought to
interpret the Constitution for itself, and in pass-
ing a law should look to the constitutional limits
and not surpass them. I admit, that when the
Congress of the United States proposes to pass
an ordinary act that is to be a rule of conduct for
individuals, it ought to determine for itself, as far
as it can, whether it be constitutional or uncon-
stitutional; but this was no such act: this, follow-
ing the manner of a deed, was a grant of power
from the Federal Government to the Territorial
Legislature; all that was done was to say, what-
ever power we have in relation to this subject,
we surrender it to the Territorial Legislature. I
contend, sir, that however the words " Territory
or State" be construed, we were not called upon
to give an unconstitutional vote, for the limitation
followed the grant wherever it went. As is fre-
quently clone in deeds from one man to another,
we conveyed whatever power we had, subject to
adjudication.
I submit now, whether we were not right in I
our action? The question of territorial sovereignty j
being a matter in dispute between northern and i
southern Democrats, then if we had required it to I
he adjudicated by Congress, it would have re- j
suited that while we weie wiane'ing upon this ;
question, the opportunity to carry tiie more ill)- >
portant point of repealing the Missouri restric- I
lion, would have beenlost, perhaps irretrievably. I
Now, sir, eomes in the decision of theSuoreme I
Court of the United States to determine the ques-
tion. It says that this doctrine of territorial sov-
ereignty has no countenance in the Constitution;
and whatever evils my colleague may think arose
before that time, from the doubt which existed on
the subject, or whatever evils he might have ap-
prehended from this cause, afterwards, from the
time of the decision of the Supreme Court in re-
gard to this case, the doctrine of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill stood vindicated and redeemed from
all suspicion or taintof encouraging territorial sov-
ereignty. And I would say to my colleague that
perhaps others may have foreseen the decision of
the Supreme Court as well as himself. Since that
decision, all his fears and all his troubles on this
subject may be forever quieted.
I shall consider now, for a few brief moments,
the other objection of my colleague. It is the ob-
jection to what is called the Badger proviso; and
permit me to say here, Mr. Chairman, that when
that proviso was introduced m the other wing of
the Capitol, by the distinguished Senator whose
name it bears, I regretted it. I regretted it because
I thought it was a concession, in form at least,
from the weaker and oppressed interest in the
land, and that which had been so long suffering
under the injustice of this Missouri restriction, to
the stronger and aggressing interest. But I did
not attribute to it that importance which my col-
league does; and I desire to examine for a while
into its true meaning and effect. What is that
proviso ? This is its language:
'■'Nothing herein contained shall be construed to revive
or put in force any law or regulation that may have existed
prior to the act o! March, 1830, either protecting, establish-
ing, prohibiting, or abolishing slavery."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to consider that
proviso in two points of view. The Missouri
restriction, which the act of 1854 was intended to
repeal, was constitutional or it was unconstitu-
tional. I wish to look at it under both these sup-
positions. Suppose, now, that the Missouri re-
striction of 1820 was constitutional, what did it do ?
"Why, sir, there were some old French or Spanish
laws, recognizing slavery, which existed in the
Territory of Louisiana when it was acquired from
France, and which were, by tolerance, continued
in existence. Here comes then the restriction of
1820, and, by implication, suspends these old laws,
and makes the ground an open field; and after
making it an open field, it next advances and takes
possession of the field, and erects on it a barrier,
a positive prohibition against the introduction of
the peculiar property of the South. The effect of
the restriction then was twofold. Now, by the
repeal of the restriction by the act of 1854, what
did- we do, in that supposition? We, at least,
removed the positive prohibition, and left again
the open field of which I have spoken. In that
supposition, did we not gain something?
Well, take the other supposition! Say, now,
that the restriction of 1820 was unconstitutional!
What, then, was the consequence of the restric-
tion ? Then it was null and void ab initio. It had
no effect or force whatever. It did not repeal the
old French or Spanish laws. They were not, in
legal contemplation, suspended. Well, sir, what
does this Badger proviso say ? Itsays, "nothing
herein contained shall be construed to revive or put
in force," &c. But these laws did not require to
be revived by that act of 1854. They were in ex-
istence uleunde—not by virtue of the act of 1854,
but by virtue of their previous existence never
having been suspended. The proviso says that
the act of 1854 shall not put them in force. It does
not say that they shall not be in force. I could
enlarge on this idea, which I consider strictly legal
and tenable; but I prefer, in the little time allowed
me, not to dwell longer on this point. I wish to
rise to a higher and more comprehensive, and,in
my opinion, a more statesmanlike conception of
this entire question. What is it, sir r Here, Mr.
Chairman, had been a conflict in the land as to
the question whether the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, froprio vigore, extended or did not
extend to the Territories of the United States.
The mighty intellects of Calhoun and Webster
had met in stern conflict on this question on the
floor of the Senate Chamber, and their followers
throughout the country had ranged themselves on
the one side and on the other. Not only that, Mr.
Chairman, but there was also a contest whether
this Government^ the United States should be
allowed to exert its power to discourage and limit
the property of one section of the Union, and to
extend and enlarge the property of the other sec-
tion. The Kansas-Nebraska bill of 1854 comes
in and decides both these questions. It declares
the Constitution of the United States expressly
extended to these Territories; and it further de-
clares that the Government of the United States
shall not exert its power or authority to limit or
restrain the property of one portion of the Union,
and to stimulate and encourage the interest of the
other portion.
Here, then, we have the Government of the
United States surrendering its authority over this
question and expressly declaring the Constitution
of the United States extended to these Territories.
Then comes the decision of the Supreme Court
in the Dred Scott case, declaring that the Consti-
tution, so operating in the Territories, shall stand
as a tower of strength and a muniment of defense
for the property and interests of all sections of the
Union—of the one section as well as the other.
What now do you want with your wicker-work
of Spanish and French laws? You have in the
place of them the supreme power, the mighty in-
fluence, the permanent protection of the Constitu-
tion of the United States—the highest American
law. You have in that a shield stronger than
the shield of Achilles. You have a tower of
strength more impregnable than twenty Cron-
stadts. And still you talk about your French
and Spanish laws ! This, sir, was a great era in
the history of American legislation. It was the
era of an abdication, of a surrender of usurped
power on the part of the Congress of the United
States, and of a restoration of the Constitution to
its true control and supremacy. It is an abdication
and restoration more important, and grander in
every point of view, than any abdication or resto-
ration of" prince, potentate, or power," recorded
in the history of the world. The Congress of the
United States gives up its usurped power to limit
the property of the South. The Constitution of
the United States is restored to its former rule.
And while all are rejoicing at this great era in
American legislation, at this great abdication and
restoration, my colleague chooses to stand by and
complain that the usurper, in going out, takes
with him a little of the dirty linen of the estab-
lishment.
But, sir, I wish to look at this subject as a sub-
ject of prophecy. There were more predictions
made than one. There were more prophets than
my colleague in the land at that time. The na-
tion was then rather plethoric of prophets. It
was declared, on the other hand, that if we did
loose these French or Spanish laws, our prop-
erty would enjoy the protection of the Constitu-
tion, and also such protection as might be given
by the Territorial Legislature. And did we not
have it? Herein was prophecy fulfilled. My
colleague seems to think that the evils that have
arisen in Kansas were the necessary and the log-
ical results of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. Now,
| sir, I submit to him, whether, if thpy are the
| natural and legitimate results of the principles of
j the Kansas-Nebraska bill, the same consequences
i would not follow wherever the cause exists ? But,
sir, the principles of the Kansas and Nebraska
bill were ap'plied to the Territory of Nebraska;
they have been applied also, m effect, to New
11 Mexico; and why have not the same evils ro-
ll suited there, if they follow necessarily from the
11 principles of that bill ?
j! If the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska bill
I had been adopted long years ago, before the pub-
i1 lie mind had become so distempered and diseased,
no trouble would have followed; but, in my judg-
,j ment, everything would have gone off smoothly
Ji and quietly under them. The settlement of Kan-
sas would have been left to the ordinary laws of
'! settlement; men would have gone there from the
!j ordinary causes, to select them homes and work
! i out their fortunes; all would have gone off well. It
was because the public mind had become distem-
i| pered and diseased; it was because the wranghngs
'i here on the floors of Congress had produced such
heai t-burnings and bad feelings between the two
j' sections of tin; country, that these results followed.
;;Tho extraordinary means adopted to settle Kan-
• sas; your emigrant aid associations, and the char-
's actors of the men whom they sent there; your Jim
' Lanes, and your Sharped rifles: these must bear
, the blame for the troubles which have arisen m
•< Kansas.
