1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
997
reference to this point, but 1 have not time. I i duty to urge upon us any special reasons why
wunt to say to gentlemen oil the other side of the h mf re than one of these should be admitted, and
Hall, who have sought to establish the Topeka |j that the Territory of Kansas, under and subject
constitution,and who,nevertheless,comehcreand ! to the Lecompton constitution. Ho has seen fit
complain of irregularity—1 want to say to those c to accompany this recommendation with an elabo-
who talk about subverting the will of the people i rate argument, which, if it lias failed to convince
and popular sovereignty, and who, at the same jj the American people of the soundness and justice
time, boldiydeclars that if every man, woman, and ij of the positions assumed, or of the allegations
child within the limits of Kansas were to ask for a jj made, has nevertheless left them in no doubt as
slave-protectingconstitution, they wouldnotallow jj to what has been the origin, and what are to be i
it—I want to say to them: " Oh, for a forty-parson
power to chant your praise, hypocrisy!" I make
no appeal to them. But there are gentlemen on
this side of the Hall, Mr. Chairman, who do im-
agine, at least, that they follow their doctrines to
their logical and natural results in opposing the ad-
mission of Kansas. There are men who do be-
lieve that the principles of popular sovereignty
lead to this conclusion. To them I appeal. Think
again,and trustyourfricndsalittle more. Amore
patient and confidingexamination may yet show,
that by logical and fair deduction, that doctrine
leads to the conclusions which I have spoken.
I have seen m reference to some of them, and
particularly to a distinguished gentleman in the
other wing of the Capitol, that he has left the stand-
ard under which he so long fought; has parted
from friends whom he has proved and found faith-
ful; and has turned away to join the ranks of his
life-long enemies. It is true, too, that he carries
many with him. When the archangel rebelled
in heaven, he carried a tenth part of the heavenly
hosts with him. If the gentleman continues in his
defection, he can find neither his interest nor his
pleasure in the bosom of his newallies. Hecannot
m his heart approve their principles or purposes.
They have too many of their own, older, and
more triid leaders, to reward, to do aught for
him. They have on their bodies too many scars
inflicted bv his stalwart arm to love him over-
much. If it is not yet too late for him to hearken
to the voice of one whom be knows to have been
for long years, and truly, his friend, 1 would call
upon him to corne back and take his position again
in the ranks of that party whose triumphs and
whose successes have been the dream of Ins boy-
hood and the glory of his manhood. I know that
that would require some sacrifice of personal feel-
ing. A great man can make that sacrifice; a little
man cannot. Convince a small man, and he hates
you forever. A great man sees the error of his
ways, and retraces his steps. He will have the
consolation of restoring harmony to the only na-
tional party left in the land; and what is higher,
and holier, and better, he may restore peace to
the consequences of that policy which makes this j
j Territory and the Lecompton constitution the |
i peculiar objects of a solicitude not shared in by I
I any other Territory, or any other constitution i
framed within its limits. j
j I desire to call attention at this time, as briefly j
' as may be, to two points only,to the consideration !
! of which the late special message of the President \
i challenges our attention. The one is a question j
j of law, the other a question of fact: I
j 1. Does the Lecompton constitution como here '
I clothed with the authority of law? " :
j 2. Does it come here as the choice of the peo-
; pie to Us affected by it?
| I propose, at this tirpe, to argue the first of these
' questions as one of pure law; and, therefore, for
! the sake of the argument and for the present, to
■ yield all questions of fact; and to say that, if we j
! admit the entire absence of fraud in the creation 1
of the Territorial Legislature of Kansas, still the j
Lecompton constitution comes here without the :
slightestauthority of law, and has no higher sane- j
I tion or just claim than merely the expressed wish j
j of those who framed and sent it here. A refer- j
j ence to the message will show that the President j
i has made his whole argument to rest and turn ;
| upon what he calls the legality of the Lecompton j
j convention, and its work—the Lecompton consti- j
j tution. lie puts aside all other agency than that of !
; the law, and in this matter knows no people out- j
side of this legal channel. He declares that a j
great portion of the people of Kansas have, for a j
j long time, been in open rebellion against the Gov- ■
j eminent under which they live; that nothing but ]
i military force has kept it down and prevented its
j assuming arid discharging the functions of govern-
i ment. This rebellion, he says, has taken on the
: form of the Topeka constitution, and has assumed
a revolutionary type. Over against these the
Piesident sets another party, which he calls law-
abiding and law-loving people of Kansas, who
' have been, according to him, carrying on the Mi-
ll equal contest of maintaining the law against re-
j bellion and revolution, by theaid of Federal bay-
onets. And, in reference to this condition of
a torn, "an exasperated,' and an'endangered eoun- j| things in the Territory, he asks these questions:
trv. Stern truth requires me to say that, whether I « Such being the uufoituuate condition of affairs in the
. 3 ^ .    i~- wr,..,- i TerntoiVi what was trie ri^rht, as well as tnedut},oi me
law-abiding people? Wcie they silently and patiently to
he returns or does not return; let whoever may
choose turn against us or turn for us—our course
is onward, if, as i trust, it is onward to victory,
then whoever may throw himself m our path will
be but crushed beneath the wheels of our con-
quering chariot. But whether the course of the
Democratic party is onward to victory or to de-
feat, still for us of theSouth there is no retreat We
are 'the weaker and the endangered section. We
cannot yield our ground. The stronger may, and
yet be strong and mighty, and greatly prepond-
erant. We strike for safety and self-protection:
they for accumulated power. I do not know what u
will be the effect of a refusal to admit Kansas jj
under the Lecompton constitution^ lam not au- jj
thorized to speak the views of Virginia. She has j j
not spoken for herself. But I will say this: that, |
in my judgment, wherever a true and enlightened ,i
view of her own honor leads, there she will go; ;
and when she speaks, there is not a true son of
hers in all the land, wherever he may be, who ,,
will not follow her command. And this, too, i
will say: that, although hand join in hand to pre- ;!
vent, the destiny of Virginia, for once and for all,
for 110w and forever, is indissolubly united with
that of her sister States of the South.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, the increase of
population has been so rapid in the Territories of
the United States, that m three out of the seven
now organized, constitutions have alreany been
framed with a view to their admission into the
Union, on an equal footing with the other States
of the Confederacy. The President, in the dis-
charge of the obligation which the Constitution
imposes upon him to recommend for our consid-
eration such measures as he may judge necessary
and expedient has not found it in the line of that
a\  -a>Jnu"r, «... j — j ,
ubrait to the Topeka usurpation, or adopt the necessary
measures to establish a constitution under the authoiitv of
the. oiganic law of Congress :
And he answers approvingly, that the Territo-
rial Legislature passed a law cieating a conven-
tion to frame a constitution; and that the conven-
tion thus created did, by virtue of the authority
vested in them by that act, frame the Lecompton
constitution. And he concludes in these words:
u From this review it manifest that the Tjeenmpton con-
vention, according to eveiy principle of constitutional law,
was legally constituted, and was invested with power to
frame a constitution."
And that the constitution and State government,
the work of that convention, lias been framed " in
strict accordance with the organic act "
This proposition is the foundation of the Pres-
ident's whole argument; and all the other con-
siderations urged by him are built upon this. If,
therefore, this proposition be not true, then the
whole foundation of the message fails, and it falls
baseless to the ground. The inquiry, therefore,
becomes a pertinent one, whence comes this legal-
ity 5 and from what source does this constitution
derive the authority of law ?
The Lecompton convention is the creature or
the Territorial Legislature. It derived all its au-
thority and power from that Legislature. IN o one
ever claimed font that it derived any power from
the people outside of the form ofterr oriallav/;for
to do that, would be to go to the same source from
which the Topeka convention derived its author-
ity. And if it be " treasonable "for the one to drink
at that fountain, it cannot be ''legal" for the other
to partake of the same poisonous draft. If, then,
the Lecompton convention derived all its power
and authority from the Territorial Legislature,
the question next arises, had the Legislature
itself the power to clothe this convention with,
authority to form a constitution and State govern-
ment? Now, the Territorial Legislature derives
all its power from the organic act. It can derive
power from no othersource; else it, too, will find
itself goingfor authority to that treasonable source,
the people, where the men of Topeka were de-
bauched. In the organic act will be found both
the creation and the measure of all legislative
power in the Territory. And that act has defined
and set limits to the power of the Legislature
which it creates in express terms, beyond which
it cannot go, in these words — section twenty-
fourth of the act:
"The legislative power of the Teiritory shall extend to
all iiirhtful subjects of legislation consistent with the Con-
stitution of the United States and the provisions of this act."
I observed some time since, that the gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Lamar,] in an otherwise
able argument which he addressed to us upon this
point, when quoting this section, omitted the
clause limiting the power of the Legislature by
the provisions of the organic act, as well by the
Constitution—an omission, in my opinion, fatal
to his whole argument. This is his language in
the Globe:
'■111 section twentv-four, it is further enacted that the
legislative power of the Territory shall extend toall rightful
subject's of legislation consistent with the Constitution."*
But, sir, this section not only limits the power
of the Legislature by the Constitution, but it im-
poses the further limit that all legislation shall also
be consistent with the provisions of the act that
created the Legislature. The one is just as clear,
just as express, as the other. Every legislative
act which conflicts with the organic law, is here
made void for want of power in the Legislature;
just as much, and for the same reason, that it
would be void if it conflicted with the Constitu-
ion. The organic act is here made a part of the
constitution of the Territory, and is supreme over
its Legislature. And this must have been so in
the nature of things, in the absence of any pro-
vision in the organic law upon the subject. For
either the organic act, or the Legislature, must be
supreme; both cannot be. But the organic act
created the Legislature, and could not therefore
clothe it with greater power than itself had, and
could not make it supreme over itself. But enough
for us is the express limit found m so many words,
and entirely overlooked, not only by the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Lamar,] but by the
President himself.
Now, the organic act nowhere provides for its
own subversion or for the substitution of an-
other government in its place. It is the charter
of the Territory, and is to be annulled only by
the power which created it, acting upon it directly
by repeal or modification, or indirectly by the
admission of the Territory into the Union with
a State constitution, which is itself a repeal. It
needs no argument to show that the Legislature
could not delegate to a convention powers which
it did not itself possess. Nor does it admit of
any greater doubt that to form a constitution and
State government is to act inconsistently with the
organic law. It is an attempt to transfer the exec-
utive and legislative power, the whole machinery
of the government into new hands, and if put in
operation would subvert all territorial authority.
1 have the authority of the President for this po-
sition, if there were room for question. He says
an attempt has been made to set up a Topeka
constitution which is revolutionary and subversive
of the territorial government; and adherence to
it is on that ground called " treasonable perti-
nacity. " And the only reason why he does not
find the Lecompton constitution in the same cate-
gory is, that in his opinion it has legislative sanc-
tion. I am inquiring whence that authority comes,
and 1 deny its existence; for the Legislature is
expressly prohibited from its exercise.
There is another clause in the organic act, often
quoted, from wluch it is thought by some that
authoritv is derived to form a constitution and
State eoVernment without any further enabling
act. That clause is the celebrated one which
" leaves the people thereof perfectly free to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their
* Since the delivery of this speech, Mr. Limsk lias in-
formed the speaker that the abpvc omission was entirely a
clencal one.
