wm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
the bill be amended so as to make this a payment
to Commodore Jones for gallant services rendered
to bis country in former days, I will vote for that;
for I know enough of the past history of Com-
modore Jones to vote such an appropriation most
cheerfully. But, sir, I want to do a right thing
in a right way, and not in a wrong: one. I there-
fore, with the proviso in the bill, and with the
allegations in this memorial, cannot vote for the
passage of the bill in its present form.
Mr. MASON. Commodore Jones was in com-
mand of the Pacific squadron 011 the coasi of Cal-
ifornia, before California was admitted into the
Union, and while that Territory existed in the
anomalous state that it main tained for a considera-
ble time; and we all know that not in the Navy
alone, but in the Army, it was supposed in many
quarters that very great irregularities had taken
place in the conduct of the military government,
and by many in the conduct of the naval govern-
ment. I was one of those who thought there were
manyand great irregularities in the conductof the
military rule in California. The charges against
Commodore Jones, which were investigated by
the court-martial, related to irregularities that were
charged on him in his conduct of the naval ser-
vice. The court found him guilty of the charges,
and suspended him for five years, one half of the
time to be deprived of his pay. It was a very
severe sentence. The President, after the lapse,
I think, of two and a half years, remitted the sus-
pension from active service, which exhausted the
power ofthe Executive, as the President believed.
That was done by President Fillmore. Commo-
dore Jones now applies to Congress to remit so
much of the sentence, for it is a substantial re-
mission, as deprived him of his pay for the two
and a half years. In his memorial, which has
been read, he places it upon the ground that in his
judgment, and, as the memorialist alleges, in the
judgment of eminent counsel, the court did err in
admitting ex parte evidence, and committed other
informalities and irregularities which were charged
upon the court.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut says
tha committee have not found that that is true,
because they have put a proviso to the bill which
excludes such a conclusion; but it does not follow,
by any means, that that involves a question of
veracity between the petitioner and the commit-
tee that acted upon his petition. It is certainly
very natural that one, goaded as Commodore
Jones was by the proceedings of that court, and
by the censure of the court, advanced in years,
conscious, as doubtless he was and had a right to
be, of a great deal of self-reliance from his great
experience in the public service as a sailor and in
command of our ships, should take a different
view of the action of the court; and he says—and
I have no doubt with truth, for he is a man of
truth—that counsel sustain him in it. But when
he makes that the groundwork of his petition, it
does not follow, that because it may not be the
case, he has departed from the truth. There is a
difference in the judgment of the two parties.
Mr. FOSTER. I certainly did not mean to
make an issue of veracity at all—not by any
means.
Mr. MASON. I did not so understand, in its
strictest sense. There is a difference in the judg-
ment of the two parties, and, as an impartial ob-
server, I should say, without having a knowledge
of the facts, that the court is far more probably
right than Commodore Jones; for the court is to
be presumed to be impartial, and Commodore
Jones not, it being his own case. But it is very
natural, and not only pardonable but commend-
able, that an officer of his service, of his age, and
of his condition before the country, in asking re-
dress, should place it on such aground that, if
relieved at all, would, in his judgment, relieve
him, and all who came after him, from the im-
plied censure of the court.
That is all he has done; but the committee and
the bill place it on a totally different ground. I
was surprised, therefore, to hear the honorable
Senator from Michigan insist that if we pass this
bill, we affect the judgment of that court. I need
not say to that honorable Senator that when you
look into the reasons of a law, you look to the
law itself, and no further. If thisbillshould pass
.  tsd go on your statute-book, none can know what
igdncfcd the passage of the law, either in fact or
Mgallyj bat what appears on the face of the law.
What will appear there ? Nothing more than that
the accounting officers are directed to restore to |
Commodore Jones the pay of which he was de- i
pnved by the judgment of the court; and lest it \
should be considered that that was any implied !
censure on the court, or any purpose to revoke, |
or in any manner to affect the action of the court, .
the proviso excludes that conclusion. ]
I will not argue the legal right, so strongly en- j
forced by the honorable Senator from Vermont, [
and the honorable Senator from Delaware, but I :
will put a case—one which was passed over the ;
other day—in regard to which such a ground, as :
far as I recollect, was never suggested, and, I pre-
sume, not entertained. Congress passed a law, ,
some three or four years ago, appointing a board
to revise the Navy. Under the action of that board i
a number of officers were deranged from their po-
sitions in the Navy, and by the law assigned to
inactive service, and the pay of those officers was,
by that law, not suspended, but actually reduced.
They were put upon reduced pay by the terms of
the law. Some two years afterwards, Congress
passed another law authorizing those officers to
appear before courts of inquiry, and giving au-
thority to the President to reinstate on the active
list all such as might pass those tribunals. And
that law did—what? That law required that all
who were thus replaced should have paid to them
the difference between the pay they were receiv-
ing when they were deranged, and the pay they
were receiving on the retired list. No objection
was made then that Congress had not the con-
stitutional power to do it. It was done, and, as I
am informed, those officers who were thus retired
have received under thatlaw, not only the arrears
of pay, but they have received the increased pay,
which was the difference between the pay they
were receiving when they were retired, and the
pay they received afterwards.
I shall not detain the Senate further. I hope the
vote will be taken.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I was not here in the
beginning of this debate, but I wish to refer the
Senate to another instance in which this power
has been exercised, and a very strong one, in the
case of Matthew Lyon, a case I well remember.
Judgment was passed against him by a court. He
was fined, the fine paid, and went into the Treas-
ury of the United States. Congress passed a law
ordering it to be repaid to him with interest. I
have not been able to find the case, though I have
the statute-book before me; but that is the fact.
It is exceedingly difficult to find anything of the
laws in th<f Statutes at Large. It is the worst book
I ever saw.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am sorry that I cannot on
this occasion agree with my friend from Con-
necticut, as I almost always do. I do not know
that it is of any consequence; but I will tell him
why I am going to vote for this bill. Commodore
Jones, I believe, is the man who took the Peacock.
Mr. FOSTER. That was Jacob Jones.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This Commodore Jones,
I will inform the Senator from Rhode Island, was
the captain of the fleet of gun boats that defended
the city of New Orleans in the war of 1812.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe I know them both;
they are gallant men.
' Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly. Commodore
| Jones was wounded in battle there,
j Mr. SIMMONS. These men have done meri-
torious service. They have been deprived of their
pay. They stand up to be shot at for our benefit.
We do not mean to deprive them of their money.
If they do not act properly in another capacity, we
j may censure them for that, but let us give them
! their pay. I do not think it is any reflection on
! the court. I think the proviso to the bill is very
' proper. When we come to pay a man, I do not
want to reflect on those who judged him. This
man places his claim 011 different grounds from
those on which we can afford to place it. I place
it on the ground that he is a gallant man; but he
does not want to say that himself when he peti-
tions here.
Mr. FOSTER. I said before, and repeat again,
j if the honorable Senator will move to amend the
I bill by striking out all after the enacting clause
j and inserting a provision pajing this amount to
I Commodore Jones for gallant services, and 110
j more than this, I will vote for it with great cheer-
1 fulness.
1 Mr. SIMMONS. So far as I am concerned, I
! will agree to pjit in the preamble that he is a gal-
i lant man, and let the rest of the bill stand as it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to postpone the bill indefinitely.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
|l —yeas 11, nays 29; as follows;
|i YEAS—Messrs. Big"*, Broderick, Poster, Green, Ham-
!j !in. Harlan, King, Slidcll, Stuart,Trumbull,and Wade—11.
!| NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bisler,
■I Biovvn, Clark, Coilamer,Crittenden,Dixon,Doolittlf, Dur-
i kee, Fessenden, Fitch, Foot, Givin, Hammond, Hou.-,ton,
1' Iverson, Jones, Kennedy, Mallorv, Mason, Polk, Seward,
; j Simmons, Toombs, Wilson, and Yitlee—39.
j So the motion was rejected.
Mr. BIGGS. I am unwilling that the vote shall
'j be taken on this bill without stating, and I pro-
i| pose simply to state, the reasons which influence
my own vote. I deeply regret that I cannot vote
! for it conscientiously on a principle involved in
' the bill. A court-martial of competent authority
i; suspended Commodore Jones from his command
; for five years, and from his pay for two and a half
i of those years. A portion of that sentence, two
!i and a half years suspension, was afterwards re-
I: mitted by the President, and this bill is to allow
!j to Commodore Jones two and a half years' pay
\ as commodore; to allow him compensation as an
;j officer, while he was suspended from command.
ii I do not put it on the ground assumed by some
11 gentlemen—I do not think the case presents that
jj —that this is compensation for meritorious ser-
ii vices, for gallant services as an officer. That is
!: ignored by the bill itself. It cannot be put on the
1 ground assumed by the Senator from Delaware,
; that the money has been paid into the Treasury
and we have a right to pay it back; for, if I un-
derstand the case, during the time we now pro-
pose to pay him, he was not engaged in the pub-
lic service at all.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Chair-piust ask
the Senator to suspend his remarks. The hour
has arrived for the consideration of the special
order.
Mr. BIGGS. I will not trespass on the Sen-
ate.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senate will, by unan-
; irnous consent, allow the vote to be taken.
' Mr. BIGGS. I have 110 idea of interfering with
1 the vote on the bill. I merely desire to put myself
! right, and regret that I am under the necessity of
I voting against the bill. I will not extend my re-
j marks further. I hope the vote will be taken.
| The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
I and the amendment was concurred in. It was or-
j dered to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
j third time, and passed.
I KANSAS LECOMPTON CONSTITUTION.
j The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
i surned the consideration of the bill (S. No. 161)
; for the admission of the State of Kansas into the
1 Union.
! Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I do not often
| trespass on the patience of the Senate: I do so now
j from no personal inclination of my own. Indeed,
but for the obligation which is imposed upon ma
j, by the people whom I represent, I would forego,
J, on the present occasion, any suggestions which I
ii might deem it proper to make, and give a silent
I, vote upon the views which have been presented,
| and shall be presented, by other Senatois, upon
; the question now pending. The importance of
: the question, however, is such as imposes an ob-
ii ligation upon me to speak in vindication of the
| rights of the people I represent. The magnitude
j; of the question is a sufficient apology.
[j Since I have held a seat in this body, indeed
in the history of the whole country, 1 think no
j: question has been presented to us fur our delib-
/ eration and consideration, equal m importance
!j and magnitude to that which is now before us. I
! j regret, sir, I deeply regret, the aspect in which it
! is presented. In all this body, were I to put the
' question, " how many are there who approv the
1; act, which is about to be consummated here, n>
' j their judgment.'" how many of all that hold seats
Ij here, could give an affirmative answer? The ty-
I ranuy of party, the despotism of party, com>. s
' m to the rescue; and men here are about 10 do an
| act which m their judgment and in their hearts
1 they disapprove. There is nodespotism on eaith
Ii like the despotism of party and party assooa-
| tions. I once felt its bonds, but thank Ged I am
: a freeman now.
