1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
institution that carried along with it blight and
mildew; and your eloquent Pinkney, of Mary-*
land,-told you that it scorched the green earth
upon which its footsteps fell.
Under that view of the case, the ordinance from
the brain of Thomas Jefferson was adopted. In
the precise f^rm in which it passed into a legal
enactment, I know it came from Nathan Dane,
of New England; but the idea was that of the
South; the principle was originated by-Thomas
Jefferson; and the only distinction between the
restriction of Jefferson in 1784 and Dane in 1787
was this: Jefferson proposed that slavery should
he prohibited from all your territories then be-
longing to the United States, and all that should
be acquired. The proviso of Dane restricted it
in the territories then belonging to the United
States, and provided that fugitives from service
should be surrendered. If the doctrines of Jeffer-
son had been maintained as presented in 1784,
there would have been quiet in the country, and
none of the agitations which we have witnessed
would have occurred.
This was the doctrine of the South, then; she
presented it to us for our approval and our adop-
tion. #How stands the South to-day? She has
repudiated the doctrines of her fathers, and comes
here asserting thatour Governments founded on
the great principle of human servitude—a system
that degrades the white man who labors beside
the slave. Who have kept their faith? "The
South has never violated its faith: we can repose
on that faith which has never been violated," wc
are told by the Senator from South Carolina. But,
sir, as I travel along in this record, I want to bring
ir home a little more direct to South Carolina. I
say, up to 1841, South Carolina had recognizcd
these positions. In 1841 what had been the long
practice of the Government was not only recog-
nized but indorsed by South Carolina, and through
her own distinguished Senator on this floor, Mr.
Calhoun. We all remember what was the position
which that State had assumed prior to that period
of time. They had gone off and worshiped false
gods. They had attempted to inculcate the doc-
trine of nullification; but when Mr. Van Buren
was elected President of the United States they
gave to him their adhesion; and upon what ground?
Upon the ground that he had pursued a policy
which was satisfactory to the South—a policy
which recognized the rights of tiie South.
What was the history of the time ? Mr. Van
Buren had addressed a letter, preceding his elec-
tion, to citizens of North Carolina, which I have
i by me, in which he laid down the doctrine that
it was inexpedient to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and that it ought not to be done
without the consent of the slaveholders; but that
the power of the United States over the District
of Columbia was precisely that which originally
* belonged to Virginia and Maryland. Mr. Van
Buren, in his inaugural address—I will not quote
his language—declared that he would not approve
any bill for the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia, without ample remuneration to the
slaveholder, and that the Government of theUni- i
ted States had no power over slavery in the States, j
That is the doctrine of Mr. Van Buren, and upon i
that doctrine South Carolina comes into the Sen- |
ate and gives to him an earnest and a generous !
support. The doctrines of nullification were for- j
gotten. Mr. Preston, who was then a member of !
the Senate, I think, did not quite come up to the i
progress of South Carolina m these events; and '
in the resolutions which the Senate of South Car- 1
olina saw fit to adopt on that occasion, they ap-1
plauded John C. Calhoun; they had no words of f
approval for William C. Preston. I will read one j
of the resolutions adopted by the Legislature of j
South Carolina, in 1841: |
li Resolved) That the genera! principles and policy of the
administration of Martin Van Btuenare approved by this
Legisiatuio, and are well calculated to preserve the per-
p-.'tuiiy of the Union, by an equal and just piotection ol the
rights, of cvoiy section ; thus avoiding the necossity of any
State resomng to hei own means of self-defense, to secure
unimpaired her institutions and her rights."
Now, what is the fair deduction to be drawn
from the language used by Mr. Van Buren, to
which I have alluded ? He denied that the Gov-
ernment of the United States had any right to in-
terfere with slavery in the States: so say we all. ;
He denied the expediency of abolishing slavery
in the District of Columbia, except by the con-
sent of the slaveholders, and compensation made.
Now, by fair deduction, will any lawyer say that ;
he did not hold to the power to abolish slavery j
in this District? His own language is before me, 1
in his answer to the letter to which I have al-
luded, that it was not expedient to do the thing.
Consequently, I say that, we cannot avoid the
conclusion that he held to the power.' Fie held,
also, that Congress had no power to interfere with
slavery in the States; so we hold; but he is per-
fectly silent in relation to the power of Congress
in the Territories. The inclusion of the power
named is the exclusion of the power not named.
Is it not a matter of fair inference, is it not an in-
ference from which we cannot escape, that while
he undertakes to limit the power of Congress, '
and to prohibit it in the States, wc have a right
to exercise it in the Territories, taking along with
it the fact that for more than sixty years that i
power has uniformly been exercised? I think it ;
is irresistible. :
Here, then, if I am right in my conclusions,
is the indorsement of the sovereign State, as it
is sometimes called, of South Carolina, approv- ;
ing of the Administration of Mr. Van Buren, :
whose policy was clear and distinct, to wit: that
we should not interfere with slavery in the States;
that we should not abolish slavery in the District
of Columbia without the consent of the slave-
holders; but that wc had the same power to doit !
that Virginia and Maryland had; and leaving irre- 1
sistibly the conclusion that we had a right to ex-
ercise our power over the Territories of the coun-
try. In 1841, then, the State of South Carolina
comes up to a recognition of the doctrines that
we demand. Now we are told by the Senator
from that State that the plighted faith of the South
has never been broken.
Mr. President, I come now to another point
which, in my judgment, implies vastly more than
legislative faith. I come to the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise. Whose measure was that?
From what section of the country did it come ?
By whose votes was it imposed upon the country ?
Every man knows—itis historical—that the Mis-
souri compromise was a southern measure. Its
passage was celebrated by public meetings all over
the South. They held it as their peculiar meas-
ure. It was, in truth, the suggestion of Mr. Mc-
Lane, from a southern State; and it was adopted
finally upon the suggestion of Mr. Pinckney, a
Senator from a southern State. His life shows
the fact. The letter which he wrote upon the oc-
casion states that, in the committee of conference
between the two branches of Congress, he sug-
gested it. Upon his suggestion it was adopted;
and then public meetings were held through all
the South, and they were jubilant over its suc-
cess. Now, sir, one of their own men declared
thatitshould be an actirrepealable. Ido notcon-
tend that it was such except in good faith. The
Missouri compromise line was, therefore, the act
of the South; and m that act the North had al-
ways acquiesced. Who abrogated the restric-
tion? It was adopted by almost all the votes of
the South; and only here and there a man from
the North to support it, and who were known no
more forever, as <vill be those at the North who
support this measure. It was a southern measure
in essence and in substance. The North did not
vote for it. Why ? Because it was a partial de-
parture from the original design of the Govern-
ment; because it did not come up to the doctrine
of 1787. But after it had been adopted the North,
for more than a third of a century, acquiesced in
it. After the South had secured, under that com-
promise,-all theadvuntage thai could accrue to her
and her peculiar institutions, she comes into this
Hall, and she asks, she demands, and she obtains,
a repeal of all that was beneficial to the North. !
We are told by the Senator from South Carolina ■
that we can rely upon the South; that her plighted !
faith has never been broken! Sir, I will not quote :
what is so familiar upon my lips in relation to the !
South, but I will quote it as to what they call the j
Democratic party: "their faith is Punic, and i
branded to a proverb." '
But, sir, it is not in a party aspect alone that I 1
propose to view this question. A broader and a !
wider view is before me. It is not the South as .
a party, and in a party aspect, that has violated :
this time-honored compact, and I say has vio-
lated her faith; but she has extended her power to i
the court below. I think, on the whole, " the
court below" is an appropriate term. She seized :
j upon the Executive and bound him m her mana-
I cles. She holds the Government in all its depart-
| ments. You have got the legislative power in
your control; you have got the executive in your
control; you have got the judiciary in your power.
How you got the two latter I do not precisely
undertake to say-^-by political complicity and col-
lusion anyhow. Search all the records of your
country, examine all the messages that have ever
been presented to us, and not one can be found
where an Executive has undertaken to foreshadow
the opinions of the judiciary, until you come to
the inaugural address of the present President of
the United States—not one; and in that political
collusion and complicity, I affirm that the object
was to rob the people and the States of the rights
that belong to them.
Now, sir, with how much grace, or with how
much truth, can the Senator from South Carolina
affirm that the plighted faith of the South has never
been broken? This opinion of the court—mark
the word I use; I do not call it the decision of the
court, for I regard it only as the opinion of the
judges individually—is given upon a question
which they tell us gravely is not before them.
They erect a structure for which they have no
foundation. They gravely and judicially tell us
that they have no jurisdiction of the matter, and
then they volunteer an opinion as to what they
would decide, if the question was before them.
That is all there is of it; there is nothing more.
I concur with Justice McLean, who said that he
would treat it as no decision at all. There is not
a lawyer in this body, there is not a lawyer in the
country, who does not know that when the court
determine that they have no jurisdiction in the
matter, they have no right to determine the ques-
tion which lies behind the issue of jurisdiction. I
regret, sir, 1 deeply regret, that that court should
have gone outside of its appropriate jurisdiction
for the purpose of seeking an occasion on which
to issue or make public their private opinions. I
had before looked at that court with high respect;
but I hold that they had no more right to decide
upon that question than we have to decide for
them. Itwas a political question purely; and it
is one of those questions* in regard to which
Thomas Jefferson so early and so ably warned
us against judicial interference. But why quote
Thomas Jefferson ? He is obsolete on the other
side of the Chamber.
They had no more authority to decide a polit-
ical question for us, than we had to decide a ju-
dicial question for them. Keep each branch of
tjie Government within the sphere of its own du-
ties. We make laws, they interpret them; but
it is not for them to tell us what are the limits
within which we shall confine ourselves in our
actio.n; or, in other words, what is a political con-
stitutional right of this body, any more than it is
for us to tell them what is a judicial right that
belongs to them. Of all despotisms upon earth,
the despotism of a judiciary is the worst. It is
a life estate. When that court shall make the
decision foreshadowed in this opinion, they will
be regarded on the pages of history as exceeding
in infamy the famed Jeffreys, of England. His
decisions did not undertake to grasp the liberties
of a people, but were confined to individuals. Our
court, broader in their grasp, undertake to usurp
the rights of a nation. Jeffreys will be forgotten
when the opinions of this court shall have grown
into a judicial decision. Sir, that will never be.
There is a peculiar fact that belongs to that court:
I have been unable to find a decision contravening
the party in power. While I am no prophet, I
can read when <k coming events cast their shad-
ows before.3' We are to have the power; we are
to restore the Government to what our fathers
made it; we are to place it upon its original
basis; and the court will come back to the original
basis.
When Texas was admitted into this Union, I
was a member of the other House of Congress. I
think I have a just appreciation of the influences
that operated at that time. I see other men here,
not members of this body, who, if they could
speak, I am satisfied would corroborate what I
am about to say. Texas was admitted by no vote
of mine. I was willing to admit her; I so stated;
but I wanted a fair compromise between the North
and the South. I wanted a justand equitable di-
vision of that territory. Wo had adopted the
Missouri compromise of 1820 as an equitable
