1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1005
division of the territory acquired from France. I
was willing to admit Texas upon the same basis.
I voted for a line which made a fair and equitable
division of that territory. There were some thirty :
or forty or fifty—I do not remember precisely ;
how many—of the members from the North who I
went for it. The South laughed us to scorn, i
Texas was admitted, and it was admitted upon j
the basis of the Missouri compromise line. The
territory which we acquired from France, known
as the Louisiana Territory, embraced a certain
area. Congress in its wisdom saw fit to run a
line through it on the parallel of 36° 30' as a fair !
division of that territory. Was it a fair division ;
of another territory which might lie*all south of ]
that line ? An arbitrary line, as a matter of just
equity between the parties, could not apply to dif- \
ferent territories. We of the North asked only j
that there should be a just, a fair, and equitable ;
distribution,and we would go for it. They would i
not give it to us, and we went against the meas- |
ure; but Texas was admitted, and it was admitted !
upon the basis of the Missouri compromise; and j
without it, I affirm here to-day, it could not have j
been admitted. That line as a compromise was ■
offered. The amendment which finally prevailed I
in the House of Representatives, was offered by j
Mr. Brown, of Tennessee. He incorporated into !
that amendment, I think at the suggestion of the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] that all the
Territory of Texas lying north of the parallel of
36° 30' should be admitted as free States, and all
south as slave States. Then we were told,grave-
ly told, that north of that line we could have two I
free States, while south of it there would be three !
slave States. Onthatbasis it was introduced, and j
the bill was passed. What is the state of the case j
to-day? In 1851 you obliterated every right which
the North had to secure free States north of that !
line, and you come up here to-day and tell us that j
slavery is the hnsis of this Government, and while i
it remains a Teiritory (citing the opinion of the
court) we have no right by act of Congress to ex-
clude slavery, or to authorize the people of a Ter-
ritory to exclude slavery.
Was it good faith—ay, sir, far above legislative
faith—.was it good faith on the part of the South
having asked of the North to admit Texas m that
way,\Mr. Calhoun, in his famous letter to Mr.
King, then our Minister at the Court of Prance,
affirming that it was done for the sole purpose of
securing the interests of slavery,) to obliterate
that line which you said gave us two free States?
You did it by the act of 1854. I do not deny that
the act of 1S20 was legislatively repealable; but
there is a sense of honor, there is a sense of right,
there is a sense of propriety, that ought to gov-
ern men, which ought to rise superior to the mere
exercise of power. "Vou repealed that line, and
for what purpose did you repeal it ? I may dis-
cuss that proposition in another branch of the sug-
gestions which 1 propose to make. Tl oil repealed
it for the sole purpose of extending human slavery.
I do not mean to accuse Senators individually with
that motive. I mean to speak of public acts; and
I form my opinion of those public acts from that
which is their necessary and inevitable result.
The faith of the North has never been broken;
where are your specifications? The faith of the
South is inviolate; has always been kept! So
says the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. President, in all parties there is some par-
ticular interest that couti ols their action. In other
words, while party associations are formed, there
is in the association, whatever it may be, a con-
trolling influence and direction to that party as it
exists. Whatare the influences that control what
is called the Democratic party—1 say called—yes,
sir, called; and it is a burlesque indeed to speak
of that party which controls upon the othet side
of the Chamber, as a Democratic party. It adopts
none of the maxims of Democracy, none of the
maxims winch we suppose belong to a Demo-
cratic party—a free Government, a liberal Gro\ -
eminent, in which the rights of the people are to
be paramount. No, sir, it does no such thing;
and it is therefore a burlesque. Besides, it is a
party in the leading-strings of its old political op-
ponents. Here is the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Bcxjamix-,] whose social relations with
myself are, I think, kind, at least; there is the
Senator from Georgia, who sits on his right, [Mr.
Toombs]—old, tried, and trained warriors in the
Whig party, when there was a Whig party, able
and eloquent. What you call the Democratic
party to-day in this Senate is under their lead.
The other side of the Chamber bows to their be-
hests, and well it may. They are the brains, as
well as the eloquence of the party. Go to the
other Chamber, and you will find the distinguished
member from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] and an-
other member from North Carolina no less dis-
tinguished, [Mr. Clingman,] as the leaders of
modern Democracy there. Trained in the school
of the ancient Whig party, they come up each as
an Ajax Telamon of modern Democracy. Indeed
the Senator from Georgia says that the Whigs at
the South, with generosity, came in, in great
numbers, to the support of the Democratic party.
I repeat that it is a burlesque; it is supremely
ridiculous to talk about a Democratic party as
being the present organization of a party known
by that name. What is it? That is my purpose
to show. It is, I think, clear and demonstrable
that the Democratic party to-day is the embodi-
ment, the refinement of what comes from South
Carolina.
All parties, I have said, are directed more or
less by certain influences within their organiza-
tion. The Democratic party, so called, is in the
control of South Carolina. I remember when Mr.
Calhoun offered his resolutions here, only a few
years ago, in relation to the powers of Govern-
ment over slavery in the Territories—I refer to
the resolutions which he offered about the days
of the compromise. The Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] remembers how they were laughed
and scouted from the Senate. They are in the
Senate to-day; they are the basis of your Demo-
cratic party; they are now triumphant in every
branch of the Government; they are triumphant
here; they are triumphant in the other branch
of Congress, one of its very worthy and distin-
guished members beingitsPresidingOfficer. They
are here by your action, and you fasten your
power upon the Executive at the other end of the
avenue. Democracy in 1858 means the nullifica-
tion doctrines of South Carolina in times gone by.
It is so. I say you have the Senate, and you have
the Congress. I have no earthly doubt as to what
is to be the fate of this measure in this branch of
the Government. I have no doubt as to what will
be its fate in the other House. I affirm, therefore,
that you have got this branch of the Government.
That you have the Executive is clear. While he
told his subordinate, the Governor of Kansas,
that he must insist upon the submission of the
Lecompton constitution to the people for their
vote of approval or rejection, he has yielded all,
and tells you now that you must adopt the con-
stitution, notwithstanding there is ten thousand
majority against it. You have the Supreme Court,
because they say in their opinion that—
" For more than a century before the adoption of the fon-
siitunon they had regarded negroes as beings of an micnor
order, and possessed of no rights"—
mark the words—
 « which a white man was bound to respect."
Is there a beast that toils in any State—I speak
ofbeasts—where legislation has not thrown around
it a protecting care that it shall not be abused by
its owner? Is there a slave State where slavery
exists intensified, where your Legislature have not
protected the rights of person in the slave? It is
an inhuman expression. It is historically untrue
besides.
But, sir, what you call the Democracy have im-
proved upon that doctrine. If you pass this bill,
(and who doubts that you will?) they come to the
same conclusion; and they go further; for, while
the court decide that colored men have no rights
that you are bound to respect, they affiim that
majorities of white men in theTerritories have no
rights that the Democratic party are bound to re-
spect. That is the conclusion. It is the logical
conclusion from your acts. The court,I thought,
went a great way. It is a revolting—I repeat once
more—it is an inhuman expression. They said
that was the sentiment of the revolutionary times;
I mean to quote them correctly. I say it is his-
torically incorrect. But improving on that doc-
trine, that black men, for a century before the Con-
stitution, had no rights thata white man was bound
to respect, modern Democracy claims that a ma-
jority of free white men in your Territories have
no rights that it is bound to respect. _
Mr. DTJRKEE. That is the doctrine of prog-
Mr. HAMLIN. That is the doctrine of prog-
ress, as my friend says. Yes, sir, it is the doc-
trine of progress; but such a progress ! I think
1is that kind of progress that the boy made in
' going to his daily toilsat school. There had been
snow and rain, and the ground was very slippery,
and he arrived at a very late hour. On being rep-
rimanded by his instructor for not getting there
earlier, he said that on taking a step forward
he always fell two steps behind. " Then pray,
sir, how did you ever arrive?" " Why, after
struggling a long while I turned around and went
backwards." [Laughter.]
This doctrine, I think, is modern Democracy,
intensified and explained by the Senator from
South Carolina. I pass now to the discussion of
another position which he has assumed. He told
us, " the poor ye always have with you." That
is true; there is no denial of the fact. There is,
however, another maxim of the same good book,
which he might have quoted with just as much
! propriety, and just as great truth: " Do ye unto
| others as ye would that others should no unto
! you, for this is the law and the prophets.'.' Does
j poverty imply crime? Does poverty imply serv-
itude? Does poverty imply slavery? I join is-
sue with the Senator there. In all climes, in all
countries, and in all ages, there are poor. Be-
cause men are poor, does that imply that they
are to be placed on the same basis with persons
who are subjugated, and who toil in the chains
of slavery? I deny it. There is a prompting of
the heart, there is a principle of Christian benev-
olencc, that tells you, and tells me, and tells^ us
all, that if there are poor, it is our duty to alleviale
' their poverty, and to remove their distress—not,
I because they are poor, to class them in the same
I condition with negro slaves. I grant that poverty
1 necessarily produces a greater degree of depend-
I ence of the poor upon other classes, than would
! exist in another state of circumstances; but be-
! cause a man is poor, docs that discharge you from
J the obligations which you owe to him as a fellow-
, citizen? Because lie is poor, does that relieve
you from the obligation which you owe to him
as a citizen of the community, and as a Christian ?
Surely not; and that dependence does not create,
slavery. Look over the world, and you find that
! poverty is produced from a variety of circum-
1 stances. It may be by misfortune; generally, I
think, by improvidence. It may be by devastat-
ing elements. It may be by causes over which
! the individual has ntfcontrol. No matter what
! are the causes, if they operate upon the individ-
I ual he is entitled to your sympathies and to your
Christian bcnevolenco; and God forbid that you
| should class him with the slave that toils only to
| live, and lives only to toil. It may be, sir, that
I the influence of slavery is calculated, if not de-
1 signed, to produt^ that state of things; but if its
tendencies are to produce that state of things,
! still, to place the poor on the same basis with the
' negro slave, who does not own himself, is unjust
: and illogical.
1 But, sir, while the Senator charges us with hav-
j ing, m all our large cities, a very considerable
1 number of persons who obtain alms frombeggary;
> while he asserts that there are more paupers in the
: streets of New York than are to be found in the
| whole South; still, is it not true that in all cities,
! in all large placcs, you witness always the trap-
! pings of wealth, and that misery which is inci-
dent to poverty? Is it not as true of the South as
of the North? While we have large hordes of
, that class of men in the great cities of the North,
is it not true that vast portions of them come oven
from theSouth, and congregate there and ask alms
. at our hands?
; It is true " the poor ye always have with you.
; It is the fiat of the Almighty. You have them at
I the South, we have them at the North. I do not
i believe that in the North, outside of our cities, and
exclusive of those who come from foreign coun-
! tries, and who are poured out upon us to some
extentfrom foreign alms-housesand prisons, there
is among our people as much of poverty as there
is in the South. What are the facts in relation to
this matter ? I have very- little personal know l-
' edge as to the state of things in the South, but t
' choose to quote the authority of some southein
I men for the purpose of showing what is the con-
' dition of their poor. I think 1 am justified in
! doing it. Go abroad amidst our rural population,
: and you will find that to the great mass of our peo-
