1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1607
of mounted volunteers for the defense of the fron-
tier of Texas, and to authorize the President to j
call into the service of the United States four ad-
ditional regiments of volunteers, on which the gen-
tleman from Virginia .[Mr. Faulkner] was enti-
tled to the floor.
EXCUSED FROM SERVICE ON COMMITTEE.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia to yield me the floor for a
moment. I understood, from the reading of the
Journal yesterday, that I was appointed to serve
on the Alatteson special committee. I hope that
the House will excuse me from serving on the
committee.
The question was put, and agreed to.
PROPOSITIONS TO INTRODUCE BILtS, ETC.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to yield me the floor that I may intro-
duce a bill, of which previous notice has been
given.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope that by unanimous con-
sent, half an hour's time may be set apart for the
introduction of bills of which previous notice has
been given.
Mr. CLINGMAN. For the introduction of
bills and resolutions.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a very great press
for the floor in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and I am anxious that we
should go into committee as soon as possible, so
that gentlemen may proceed with discussion there.
I would be very glad if my friend from Virginia
would allow me to move to susnend the rules, and
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. QUITMAN. I object to everything ex-
cept the regular order of business.
Mr. HARLAN. I am very anxious that States
should be called for bills and resolutions. If that
be consented to, I have no objection; but t do ob-
ject to this process of individual members having
special privileges.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr Hickey, one of their assistant clerks, inform-
ing'the House that the Senate had passed bills of
the following titles:
An act (S. No. 91) to continue a pension to
Christine Barnard, widow of the late Brevet Ma-
jor Moses J. Barnard, United States Army;
An act (S. No. Ill) to alter the times of hold-
ing the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the district of Vermont;
An act (S. No. 173) for the relief of Mary
PeAn5act (S. No. 185) for the relief of Anna M.
E. King, Louisa M. King, Cordelia E. King, and
Sarah J. DeLaunoy; and
An act (S. No. 122) for the relief of Captain
Thomas Ap Catesby Jones; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
BILL TO RAISE VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. FAULKNER. It would at any time, and
under any circumstances, be a matter of regret
to me to find myself compelled to differ on a ques-
tion of military policy with the distinguished
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman',]
and with that committee over which he has the
honor to preside,and of which we are both mem-
bers. It is especially so at this juncture wnen I
believe that the necessities of the public service
demand some increase of our military force, when
I observe not only the apathy, but, I might al-
most say, the aversion, that has been shown by
Congress, to yield to these necessities of the pub-
lic service, and when it becomes all who believe
that the interest and honor of the country de-
mand some increase of the military establishment,
should harmonize their views, and not frustrate
a common object by divisions among ourselves.
1 say, therefore, sir, that if I could conscientious-
ly support the bill that has been reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs, 1 would do so;
but I cannot give it my support. I do not believe,
sir, that this bill comes up to the full ideas of the
chairman of that committee of what the interests
of the country at this juncture demand. 1 am very
certain that there are at least some members of
that committee who cast the weight of their in-
fluence in favor of the recommendations of that
committee, and in opposition to the opposing
scheme of policy, who will be found, upon this
floor, when they come to record their votes, as
hostile to the one as they were to the other.
! Sir, I believe that the interests of our public
! service at this time demand an increase of our
military force. In all that the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Q.uitman] has said upon that
' aspect of the question, I entirely concur, as I do
in the view that there is no power vested in the
■ President of the United States, under the act of
: 1795, at all adequate to the present emergency in
, our affairs. But, sir, I dissent wholly from that
i gentleman in the conclusion which he has an-
i nounced to this House, that the description of
force, which is neither regular nor militia, but
; which partakes of some of the qualities of both—
| the volunteer—is the description of force which is
! most proper for our present service.
!| Mr. Speaker, I do not stand here to make Rny
|! disparaging reflection upon the volunteers. My
;■ knowledge of tlieni, and my own feelings would
': forbid such a course. The annals of our country
have been too often illustrated by their valor and
1 their patriotism, and, I will say, by theirefficient
action in the field, to justify me in any general
denunciation of them as an occasional resort of
I our mihtary policy. For the purpose of national
! defense they are invaluable. They.have intelli-
gence, patriotism, spirit, and ardor. Foraquick,
. brilliant, rapid campaign, they surpass any other |
; description of force. Yet, sir, they are liable to
! all the objections which, m the very nature of
; things, mustapply to an untrained, undisciplined,
inexperienced soldiery. There are exigencies of
war to which the volunteer is the best adapted.
> There are other exigencies to which he is not
suited; and there, sir, is the point of separation
between the gentleman from Mississippi and iny-
' self. I do not regard the volunteer as the proper
description of force for the exigency which has
now arisen in the Territory of Utah. 1 do not
| look upon him as the proper force to send to that
I Territory. I think that no untrained, undis-
: ciplined, inexperienced soldieiy should be sent
ji there. It never was designed or purposed, m my
conception of things, that volunteers should be
sent Oil such service as that now contemplated in
that Territory.
No military authority in this country has called
upon you for a volunteer force; and I much ques-
tion whether, if you place them at the disposal of
the Executive, he will find use or occasion for
them. Nay,sir; I may hazard the opinion, per-
haps, with diffidence, that the prominence which
the idea of volunteers now has in this country and
! before Congress, is to be ascribed more to some
outside popular pressure than to the dictates of a
; sound military policy.
! Sir, I believe that the exigencies of the country
j require the addition of five regiments to your reg-
1 ular Army. I presented that proposition to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and I ant soriy
to say it there met but little favor or encourage-
i mem. I am still of that opinion, though I am dis-
' posed, in deference to the views that have been
! expressed in the other branch of Congress, so fai
'i at least, to modify my {imposition as to bung it
: within the range of its possible passage by Con-
, gress. I know some gentlemen will say that we
j should legislate without reference to the views
' and action of a coordinate branch of the legisia-
I tore. I admit, that in every question involving
ir principle, we should do so; but, in mere matters
l; of expediency I am not prepared to assert that
r such a position is proper. I go for something
1 practicable. I go for that which is the best I can
get under the circumstances. I find that body has
voted down the five-regiment bill. 1 find tnat it
lias, with almost equal unanimity, voted down
the volunteer bill. I have therefore sought to ob-
tain some proposition that might combine and
harmonize the views of those who believe that
some increase of the present military force of the
country is necessary. .
But, sir, L mean to throw upon this body its
proper responsibility in regard to tnat
1 shall bring forward that bill, and I shall ask this,
bod v to vote upon the recommendation of the i_.x
efutive in regard to the five additional regiments.
If "that is voted down, I will then ask that the
bill which I have presented, and which has been
printed, may be adopted as a substitute for the
bill presented by the Committee on Mihtary Af-
fairs.
Mr. Speaker, there is a very extensive miscon-
ception as to the true actual strength of our Army.
That misconception arises from confounding the
authorized strength of the Army with its actual
real strength, and from a failure to consider the
large size of our staffs which, under an idea sug-
gested by Mr. Calhoun, is adapted for an army
of greater magnitude than any we may expect
shortly to have.
Sir, the authorized strength of our Army is
seventeen thousand nine hundred and eighty-four
men. Its actual strength is fifteen thousand seven
hundred. From these you are to deduct the staff,
embracing a large number of ordnance men, and
the result is an actual strength of thirteen thousand
five hundred-and seventy-five men. If you deduct
from that number those who, according to the
statistics of the sanitary condition of our Army,
are unfit for active service, you will have left less
than thirteen thousand men for all the purposes
for which we want this force in the field.
Now, sir, what is the field of operation^of this
little Army of thirteen thousand men ? What are
the duties which are imposed upon them.! They
are scattered over an area of three million square
miles. It isa military police upon which you de-
pend to guard your two Indian frontiers, the one
extending east of the Rocky Mountains, from the
Lake of "the Woods to the Rio Grande; and the
other extending on the western slope of those
mountains, from the British possessions on the
north to the Gulf of California, embracing withm.
that limit, according to the report of the Secretary
of the Interior, two hundred and forty-three thou-
sand hostile Indians, or those who, at any mo-
ment, may become such, and who are in-a C0P"
dition and temper of feelings to become such,
whenever any prospect of advantage may tempt
I them to aggression.
| This force is also your military police to guard
1 your line of communications between the Pacific
j ocean and the Mississippi valley, covering some-
! thing like nine thousand miles of emigrant route.
It is scattered among one hundred and thirty-eight
military forts and posts, there being little more
than one company to each military post, and not
one soldier to two miles of your emigrant and
frontier routes. And yet, sir, this is the Army
which we are told is too large, and which has
swelled beyond the necessities of the nation. Sir,
is this Army kept in idleness? Does this Army
consume the substance of the people without af-
fording an equivalent in service? What are we
told by those who have some right and some
authority to speak upon a question of this land ?
Winfield Scott, who has not only achieved for
himself a reputation as the first captain of the age,
but who has, by his whole life, shown his capa-
city to estimate and a heart to feel for his compa-
triot in arms—what does he say r Look at his re-
port for the last two years. Not a single report
has emanated from hiin in which he has not called
the notice ofCongress to the extraordinary suffer-
ings, toils, services, and fatigues, of that small
Army. Let me call the attention of this House
to one paragraph m his last annual report, lie
tells you:
" For vnar-' I hey have been almost constantly in pursuit
of hostile Indians, through swamps ami mountains, m heats
and snows, and with no inconsiderable lossot hie tiomfre-
qSent S,its%nd a Stdl greater mortality frmn
\ ihor deprivation, and disease. In ot.icr war* tho e hard
ships'are occasionally Inoken hyrest anc'
unknown to nine tenths of our troop,and a mher
great evil—the numerous desertions winch dailj turn tneir
raultc-.'1
In other services, it seems, there is a respite
i from toil; there is some occasional moment ot
I repose; but in our Army, he tells you that they
are under a continuing, wearing operation of fa-
tigue and exposure, that destroys, and must break
down, the small body of men who are thus com-
pelled to endure these fatigues.
i What says General Jcsup, one of the best in-
formed mihtary men in this country? In his last
report he tells you that this little Army performs
more duty, and carries on more extensive opera-
tions, than any one hundred thousand men m
any other service in the world.
Well, sir, look af the general orders which are
issued every year, as a record of the acts of Uis
atmv You will there see that during the last
year there were twenty-eight conflicts with oui
Indian foes, in which were exhibited an amount
of suffering and exposure which troops have been
