X008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
very rarely called upon to endure. Talk to me
about any want of capacity in the regular Army
of this country to meet the requirements of the
public service, when I see in these Army orders
that, they have traveled more than one thousand
miles in pursuit of Indians, marching in seven
days three hundred and fifty miles, and in a sin-
gle day eighty miles! Tell me of the want of
capacity to endure the hardships of a military
life, when you see them stretched, night after
night, upon the frozen snows of the mountains,
and feeding upon the horses they have been com-
pelled to abandon, and suffering for days without
Water! Talk to me of the want of vigilance,
when you find, by referring to these Army orders,
that in one day a single party surprised and cap-
tured three Indian encampments!
Well, sir, do all these services of this band of
men enable you to discharge that highest and
holiest duty which a Government owes to its peo-
ple—the protection of their lives and property?
Sir, I beg to call the attention of this House to
what I regard, under the circumstances, as a sol-
emn declaration and a solemn admonition from
the executive department of the Government to
this body. I read from the last report of the Sec- ■
retary of War: i
" If there is a higher duty than another devolved upon a
well-regulated Government, itis to afford perfect protection
to its citizens against outrage and personal violence ; yet i
this great obligation is not performed by the Government of \
the United Slates. For a large portion of the year, scarcely j
a week elapses without bringing to us intelligence of some i
Indian massacre,or outrage more shocking than death itself; 1
and it most frequently happens that these acts go unpunished 1
altogether, either from the want of troops tor pursuit, or '
torn their remoteness from the scenes of slaughter, which .
renders pursuit useless."
Here you have, from that branch of the Gov- j
ernment upon which, emphatically, the Consti-;
tution has devolved the duty of protecting the j
lives and property of the people of the country, i
the startling fact announced that this Govefnment j
does not perform the high duty which it owes to '
its citizens; and you are earnestly importuned, by
every obligation which you owe to your people,
to provide the means of that protection which is
their right, and which you have so far failed to fur-
nish.
I say, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that, without the
slightest reference to our relations with Utah, it is
the duty of Congress to increase the military force
of this country. Gentlemen suppose that these
recommendations which have come from the Pres-
ident, from the Secretary of War, and from the
Commander-in-Chief, calling upon Congress to in-
crease the military force, have reference alone to
our relations with' Utah. It is not so, sit-. They i
have, reference to the defenseless condition of the I
Indian frontier; and they have further alluded to j
our relations with Utah as another matter worthy [
of the consideration of Congress. You are, there- ;
fore, to regard the Mormon rebellion as another i
element to be considered in addition to the exist- i
ing military necessities of this country. •
Sir, I am not disposed to spend much of the J
time of the House in adverting to this Utah ques- 1
tion. It has been sufficiently discussed already '
in the newspapers and in this House. As to the |
cases of individual wrong and injustice that are |
supposed to have occurred in that Territory, I 1
have nothing to say. They are asserted upon the j
one side and denied upon the other. They are
not elements in the decision of this question. ;
With their soeia! and religious institutions—as '
abhorrent as they are to the dignity of human na- >
ture, to sound morality, and to the principles of '
the Christian faith—this Government has nothing ;
to do. But there is an aspect of their relations to
us, upon which we not only have a right to act,
but on which it is our solemn duty to act, and to
act promptly. ThatTerritory,sir, was purchased
by tile blood and treasure of the people of these :
States. It was freely held out as'a home and an
inheritance to every man who chose to go there, ,
and acknowledge the supremacy of our laws and ;
the binding character of our institutions. It has
now been settled by a population who deny their |
obligations to this federative system, who repu- !
diate the authority of our laws, and trample un- i
der foot the supremacy of our Constitution. They :
have, by proclamation and by their acts, placed ;
themselves in an attitude of armed rebellion against '
•your authority. Professing some wild and trea-
sonable ideas of the doctrine of "popular sover- !
efgjnfcy," they assert their right to elect all their
own officers, and to manage their own affairs, in
utter contempt and defiance of the authority of
this Government. They are carrying out these
ideas practically. It is not simply the edict of
Governor Young; he is sustained by the Legis-
lative Council recently assembled in that Terri-
tory. They have denied admission to our civil
officers and employes; they deny admission into
that Territory to your troops; they have waylaid
your trains, and plundered and robbed them; and
they stand before you now in the attitude of hos-
tile defiance to this Government. Is there a man
upon this floor who will, for a moment, tolerate
such an invasion of the rights of this nation? I
am sure, sir, there is not one; there is not a heart
in this Hall that will not respond to the demand
of the Executive to maintain the supremacy of
the law and enforce the rights of our Government
in that Territory.
Then, Mr. Speaker, the real question, as I ap-
prehend it—a question upon which every gentle-
man here ought to desire information—is what
amount of force do the necessities of the country
now require, and what should be the character of
that force? Should it be, as recommended by
the Committee on Military Affairs, volunteer; or
should it be an increase of our regular force? In
the determination of this question, there are eco-
nomical and political considerations as well as
military considerations, to be weighed by this
body. Sir, this is the 9th of March. More than
three months have passed since the Executive of
the United States has called the attention of Con-
gress to this pressing exigency in our pitblic af-
fairs. You have known from the reports of the
agents, on your table, the unsettled, unquiet, pre-
carious condition of the Indian population. You
have known for three months that Utah has been
in armed rebellion againstyourGovernment. You
have known that the small advance corps that was
sent there last summer is now within one hundred
and thirteen miles of Salt Lake City—a force so
small as to invite,by your apathy, in addition to
the paucity of its numbers, aggression from the
overwhelming forces of the Mormons and their
Indian allies. Well, sir, to give to that advance
corps the assistance that the Executive felt it was
his duty to give them, to deter these Mormons
from the rash attempt of attacking this foiee be-
cause of the paucity of its numbers, he has frit
compelled, under his high constitutional obliga-
tions, to converge from Texas and the northwest
an army which he intends shall move from Port
Leavenworth in the month of May next for Utah.
These scattered forces are concentrating at that
point with a view to take up their march against
the Utah Territory. That was a proper and ne-
cessary decision of the President. Hostilities
from the Indian tribes were possible, nay, prob-
able; but here was a certain, definite contingency
which left the Executive no discretion. He has
therefore ordered the frontier troops from along
the line of the eastern Indian frontier to place
themselves in a condition to march to Utah with-
out delay. And now the question for this body
is—a question which presents itself in a form that
cannot be disregarded—what will you do with the
Indian frontier ?
Mr. MARSH ALL, of Kentucky. What was
the date of the President's determination to con-
centrate the United States troops at Fort Leaven-
worth ?
Mr. FAULKNER. It is not in my power to
state the date of the Executive action on the
subject. I only state a fact which is known to
me, and is sufficiently authenticated by the news-
papers, speaking of the march of the Army from
Texas, Arkansas, and other points, where they '
have been recently stationed.
Now, the question, I repeat, which forces itself
on the consideration of every gentleman in this
Hall is: what is to be done with the Indian fron-
tier, thus necessarily stripped of the force essen- ,
tial for its proteetron ? How is this vacuum to J
be supplied ? Is it to be supplied by regulars or j'
volunteers? Would volunteers engage in that r
service ? Would volunteers be indebted to any !!
gentleman who would place them on any such j]
service as that? Will you refuse an addition to j'
the regular force? Will you refuse both, and j;
throw upon the Executive that responsibility jj
which will devolve upon him under the law of i,'
1795, to call out the militia for the protection of !!
the frontiers—the most expensive and least effi- ;!
cient force that can be applied, necessarily so on
account of its short term of service ?
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is obvious that volun-
teers would not be of any material service for the
exigency to which I allude, to fill the vacuum
created by the withdrawal of our troops to Utah.
But, suppose it was necessary to organize an in-
crease of your force, in addition to that army
which will leave your western frontier in the
month of May, to go and vindicate the laws of
the land in Utah. What should it be, a regular
force or a volunteer force? Sir, it is made an ob-
jection to the regular force, that it becomes a per-
manent addition to your Army, and a permanent
source of expenditure; whereas itis said that vol-
unteers may be disbanded at any moment when
their term of service expires. I deny the force of
; any such argument. I say it is in your power,
t and it is so provided in the bill now before you,
! to discharge this regular force, now to be orgnn-
J ized, at the end of two years.
i But, sir, there is a military aspect of the ques-
i tion of more importance than that. If you bring
out volunteers for the Utah service you must
! send them there. They volunteer for that scr-
j vice. Itis for that that they come under ron-
I tract with the Government, and untrained and un-
disciplined as they may be, there they must go.
Whereas, if you make an addition to your regu-
lar Arrny, the practical operation will be, that you
take these raw recruits and send them to your ln-
dianfrontier, while you can subtract just so many
veteran, experienced troops, for the service in
Utah. I repeat it, if you take volunteers, raw and
undisciplined as they may be, you must march
them on to Utah. That is where they have con-
tracted to go; and nowhere else would you think
of sending them. Well, sir, that is a march of
one thousand two hundred miles at the very start.
| Is thata march for raw and inexperienced troops?
I And again, sir, for what service is it that you
j want them? Why, sir,for the most delicate ser-
| vice that has ever arisen under this Federal Gov-
I ernment. It is to subdue a refractory Territory
| to obedience to your lo.ws. So far, with all their
I rebellion, not one drop of human blood has vet
i been shed in that Territory. So far, from the
1 foundation of this Government, not one drop of
j human blood has been shed in maintaining the
j supremacy of the Constitution and laws. And t
i say, God forbid the day should ever arrive when
! this Government is to be sustained by shedding
1 the blood of its citizens. You want for this ser-
| vice a force free from passion, free from exeite-
i ment—such a force as a wise Government will al-
I ways resort to for the maintenance of its power,
j A regular soldier is an unimpassioned mstru-
! meat of war. He is a machine m the hands of
' higher intelligence. He is the child of obedience.
| Obedience is the law of his existence. He is ready
to march or countermarch; to go into cantonment's
or go into the cannon's mouth, as his supeuor offi-
cer may order him to do. You want a soldiery
which will be under the perfect control of its offi-
cers. You want no soldiery that can or may con-
trol its own officers. You want such a force—if
the prejudices of some gentlemen will excuse me
for making the comparison—as this Government
has had in the Territory of Kansas for the last
two years; where, amidst the wildest ravings of
the social and political tempest, it has succe. tied
in preserving law and order without shedding one
drop of human blood. That is the sort of force
you want in Utah. You do not want that force
which a leading Virginia editor, in a paper that I
received yesterday morning, says you do want.
| He says, recommending volunteers, that it would
j be best to send a body of men to that Tern;.,ry
^ iyho would go inspired by religious repugnances
, of the abominations of Mormonism. This has
I been too much the language of the public press.
: I do not condemn the sentiment of opposition to
the abominations of Mormonism. I only con-
demn it m connection with an appeal to the mili-
tary power of this country to put them down. I
fear that much of the impulse given to volunteers
has sprung from this sentiment of hostility to the
religion of the Mormons.
Sir, too much has been urged in this country in
favor of this expedition as a movement against
the religion of the people of Utah. I ti ust'tin-ru
is to be no religious war stimulated from these
halls of legislation. We have nothing to do with
the religion of that people, repugnant and degra-
