1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
1. The power of Congress in the premises.
Whatever power Congress possesses must be de-
rived from the Constitution. Through it the ori-
ginal thirteen independent and sovereign States
formed a federative league or Union. AH the priv-
ileges and prohibitions contained in it were im-
parted to, and equally obligatory upon, the States
which might be admitted into the Union. Th e Fed-
eral Constitution is a compact between sovereign-
ties; and Congress, being the creature of the Con-
stitution, is endowed only with such powers as
the Constitution has conferred upon it. Gouver-
neur Morris, in a letter to Lewis R. Morris, dated
December 10, 1803,uses this language;
The Constitution (Federal) was a compact, not be-
tween solitary individuals, but between political societies;
the people, not of America, but of the United States; each
enjoying sovereign power, and, of course, equal rights."
The exercise of power by Congress is limited
to enumerated cases; and to exclude the general
discretion which might follow grants of politi-
cal power, it is also nemmed in by prohibitions.
Where a general power is given, because of the
inability to specify the particular and shifting ex-
igencies to which it is intended to be applied, it is
walled in, as much as practicable, by prohibi-
tions. Whatever power, then, Congress has to
initiate a new State into the Union, or inspect its
application, is derived from the Constitution.
What power has Congress? Only the power
granted in the third and fourth sections of the
fourth article of the Constitution: " New States
may be admitted by the Congress into this
Union;" and, " The United States shall guaran-
ty to every State in this Union a republican form
of government." When the requirements of
these clauses are fulfilled, the power of Congress
is exhausted.
" New States may be admitted by the Congress
into the Union." What is a State? Apolitical
community, organized with all the privileges,
rights, and immunities of sovereignty. The ad-
mission of a State is her admission into a Union,
founded, in the language ot'Gouverneur Morris,
upon a " compact between political societies, each
enjoying sovereign power, and, of course, equal
rights." The right to admit new States is aright
to treat with an equal for a specific purpose, viz:
her admission into the Union. It excludes the
very idea of inferiority or subordination. It gives
110 power, ns has been contended, to rear, train I
up, and prepare infant societies for political ma-
turity. It gives no power to breed States out
of nascent communities or territorial pupilage.
This clause of the Constitution does not endow
Congress with the duties and attributes of the
proletaries of antiquity, whose vocation was to
breed children for the service of the State. No,
sir, the genesis of States is not found in this arti-
cle of the Constitution.
The distinctive feature of a PederalUnion is the
equality of the parties to it. The amount of power
granted in our Constitution being specific, and
being made up of equal contributions by all the
parties to it, an exact equality must exist among
them. In a constitution containing general grants
of power, subject to particular limitations, the lim-
itation on the power must be shown by those who i
contest its exercise. But in our Constitution, there !
is a delegation of powers, limited by enumeration;
and the positive grant must be shown by those
who exercise a disputed or doubtful power. The
power, then, to admit new States, being only a
power to treat with equals, is exhausted when the
treaty is made.
What power, now, does the fourth section,
obliging Congress to guaranty to every State a
republican form of government, confer? This
must be answered by solving the question, what
constitutes a republican form of government? A
republican form of government consists in the
distribution of it3 powers. The central forces
"Congress shall guaranty to every State are-
publican form of government." It can inspect a
constitution no deeper than its form. If the or-
ganization of a State be republican; if its machin-
ery be similar to the political machinery of any
one of the original thirteen States, the duty and
the power of Congress, under this clause of the
Constitution, are discharged. Is not the form of
I government in Kansas republican ? Is not all
1 power divided between the legislative, judicial,
and executive departments ? Are any of the pro-
hibitions of the Federal Constitution violated?
Defects in a State constitution, which attach to the
form of the government, are within the inspection
and control of Congress; defects not of this partic-
ular character are beyond its reach. Congress can
look only to the political character of the consti-
tution; beyond this it cannot look.
The form of government in Kansas being re-
publican, the requirements of the fourth section of
the fourth article of the Federal Constitution are
fulfilled. The constitution of Kansas, then, amply
meets and discharges the powers of Congress in
the premises.
The second branch of the proposition is, the
character of the procedures in Kansas. The dis-
tinctive feature of the Federal Government is, that
it is a union between political societies. Its powers
touch, and its functions apply to external objects.
Municipal or interior affairs are within the juris-
diction of State authority. To the guardianship
of the Federal Government are committed our
! general relations with foreign nations, and certain
j interests common to the several sovereign States,
I in virtue of their sovereignty, or in consequence of
I stipulations in the Federal Constitution or treaty.
I The interior relations—the relations between man
land man, in the same political community—are
I within the absolute and exclusive control of the
States.
The Federal Government acts simply upon
political societies. Itdoes not know the political
rights of the mere individual; itdoes not know
the existence of unorganized masses. The Fed-
eral Government did notcreate political societies;
it is itself the creature of them. A treaty, or
league, must be between organized communities.
A State constitution may be the product of agree-
ment between individuals. A Federal constitu-
tion is the product of agreement between preex-
isting organized communities. In other words,
individuals make a State; States make a confed-
eration. Individuals are the constituents of the
one, States of the other. The Federal Govern-
ment, then, knows only political entities—the con-
crete forms through which the aggregated com-
munity acts upon other concrete forms in which
other political communities are tangibly embodied.
To bring a Federal Government to act upon the
political rights of mere individuals; to take polit-
ical cognizance of masses of men unorganized,
and in their primary condition, would be to sub-
vert its foundations and erase its federal features.
It is a confusion of words. The Federal Govern-
ment, then, being founded upon a compact be-
tween political societies, being limited in its juris-
diction to organized systems, we are confined in
our examination of the application of Kansas for
admission into the Union, to the proceedings of
j the legal bodies in Kansas.
I What are the legal bodies there ? The consti-i
; tuted territorial authorities? I pretermit any dis- j
j cussion of the proposition, whether Congress has !
; power, from the Constitution, to exercise acts of
! legislative authority over a Territory, and say that
whatever power Congress has is restrained by the
) distinctive and elementary character of the Con- !
. federacy, namely, the equality ofthe States. The
fact is true, however, that Congress has initiated
political society in Kansas; arid our examina-
, tions now must begin from that starting point, i
. Congress, then, organized a legal body in Kan-'
of apolitical community can only be appropn- , sas, and invested it with competent authority over i
ately divided between the legislative, judicial,and ! the Territory. No act which has not the sanction '
executive branches. This distinct division of , of the territorial authorities is legal. The first
power brings the government within the generic question then is: is the constitutionof Kansas the i
term republican. Impress it with this form, and
Congress cannot look into the minor details of
the constitution, or the character of the constit-
uency. If the constitution impugns individual
. rights, the judiciary affords the redress; if it af-
fects the political principles which have been corn-
product of a legal body? That depends upon
whether the convention which framed the consti-
tution had the sanction of the regular territorial i
authorities. Did it not have that°sanction? The 1
' Territorial Legislature, by law, submitted to the j
electors, at the ballot-box, whether or not. they
mitted to the custody of the General Government, would have a convention to organize a State gov-
ttjen Congress steps in and applies the remedy, j' ernmeni. They decided that tfiey would. Aeon
vention was then called, with the usual legal
forms and ceremonies. I have omitted to discuss
the necessity of an enabling act by Congress, be-
cause it is contended that an enabling act is con-
tained in the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and especially
because no objection is founded by the leaders of
the Opposition, upon the absence of an enabling
act.
The convention,then, was the legitimate product
of the legal territorial authorities. What is a con-
vention called to frame a State constitution ? Itis
the incarnation, the embodiment of the people.
The essence of sovereignty—the metaphysical
idea of sovereignty—is a unit; but sovereignty is
practically exercised through its attributes, and
these attributes are susceptible of delegation. In
a frame-work of government, radically and essen-
tially founded upon a representative system, the
whole people are resolved into a convention called
to frame and settle their organic system. Itis not
a committee, a subordinate instrument; but it is, in
theory, the people, clothed with their power, their
majesty, and their political omnipotence. Polit-
ical society must have a starting point; it must
have an initial existence. In a mere democracy
it takes it from the mass; in a representative sys-
tem it takes it from the representative body. A
mere democracy never has existed; but if it could
exist, it would be only within a city. All society
is founded upon subordination; and subordination,
in a political system, involves, necessarily, more
or less of representation. Representation is an
element in all political systems which have ever
been devised and enforced; but the discriminative
feature in our republican system is, that the peo-
ple is a constituent element of representation. In
a popular representative system, then, the whole
organism rests upon the supreme representative
body;namely, the convention. If this werenotso,
j government might not begin; all might continue
anarchy and confusion. It is indispensable that
government be started; afterward, its amendment,
modification, or abolition, is practicable. There
is a fundamental difference between a mere democ-
racy and a representative system. The first begins
with the mass, and operates through the mass;
the latter begins with representation, and operates
through representation. The one is a coarse, the
other a refined system—the one engenders society,
the other frames government.
Society is the normal condition of mankind,
therefore men float into it naturally; and masses
of men, rough, rude, unchastened, even belliger-
ent, engender society. Government is the con-
cretion and culmination of society, and must pass
through a refining and secreting process. Gov-
ernment is an instrument to preserve and perfect
■ society; and to do this, it must collect and use in
: its ministrations, elements of virtue, intelligence,
and wisdom, above the mass which makes up
I society. In a republican government, the theory
of representation is the secreting and refining
those elements of society, which steady, pre-
serve, and dignify it. The very conception, then,
of a representative system, the higher reaches of
i its ministries and munificence, rest upon the sov-
1 ereignty of the convention, embodying the ma-
jesty and grandeur and power of the people. So-
! ciety, in its very existence, negatives the idea of
j individual sovereignty. It is itself founded upon
the sacrifice of the independence of the individual,
| and draws to itself the rights thus lost or abdi-
] cated by these various moleculae. In the social
system there is no organ through which this sover-
eignty can be expressed; and, therefore, society,
culminating m government, fixes its residence
somewhere in the political organization. In a
representative political system, it is fixed and em-
bodied in the highest representative body—the
convention to frame a constitution.
Every political system is founded upon forms;
lives, and is expressed, through forms. You
might as well attempt to express an idea without
a medium, as to possess the spirit of a system ex-
cept through forms. We cannot clutch spiritual
essences; nor can we grasp a truth utterly disem-
bodied. Media are necessary in all the pursuits
of life; and we can only know the spirit of gov-
ernment through its forms. Society itself is but
an immense form, in which a community of in-
dividuals live together, and throuffh which their
wills arc expressed. Government Itself is another
but higher form, in which society itself lives,and
through which it is expressed. The iridepend-
