1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
States; and it has been the earnest wish of my
heart to sustain him in all things; and to that end
I have waited patiently and listened attentively,
hoping that some fact might be developed, or
some argument presented, that would enable me
to carry out his views in regard to this question,
as I hope to do in reference to all others.
But, sir, all the facts and arguments presented,
all the speeches I have listened to here, have only
gone to show that the technicalities of the law
may he on that side; not equity and justice. I
thought it was the business of statesmen in the
councils of-the nation to look to great politi-
cal pacts, and that the quibbles and technical-
ities of law belonged to lawyers, and were mainly
used to defeat the ends of justice. Sir, the great fact
which stares thewhole country in the face, and which
no fair man can deny, is that the Lecompton consti-
tution does not embody the toill of the people of Kan-
sas, and that they do wtwish it imposed and fastened
upon them as their organic law. Sir, this is a fact,
known of all men; and all this special pleading
to evade it, because the technicalities of the law
are supposed to be on the other side, partakes too
much of the spirit of a Shy lock, who exacts his
pound of flesh because " it is so nominated in
the bond." Thewhole country knows that a
very large majority of the people of Kansas are
opposed to that constitution; and this being so,
are we to lend our aid in fastening it upon them,
because there have been some irregularities there,
and some culpable failures on the part of a por-
tion of the people to exercise the right of suf-
frage? This I conceive to be a substantial state-
ment of the question.
But it is said that the delegates to the conven-
tion were fairly chosen; and that, because the free-
State men abstained from voting, therefore Kan-
sas ought to be admitted under the Lecompton
constitution. Well, sir, let us see how much fair-
ness there was in this election of delegates; and
I will premise by saying that I have seen two
statements touching this subject, one signed by
a certain H. Clay Pate, who will be remembered
by a portion of ray constituents as the same shal-
low Pate who made a speech in Jeffersonville on
the night preceding the congressional election in
1854, denouncing the Democracy, urging a union
of the Republicans and Know Nothings, and in-
citing them to keep foreigners away from the polls
by force, if necessary—advice which was literally
carried into execution. Sir, I have no confidence
in his statement. The other is the statement of
the ex-Governor of the Territory, and is so en-
tirely corroborated by other evidence, that I think
it cannot be successfully controverted. In speak-
ing of the Lecompton constitution, he says:
tl That convention had vital, not technical dcfccts, in the
very substance of its organization under the territorial law,
which could only be cured, in ray judgment—as set forth m
my inaugural and other addresses—by the submission of the
constitution for ratification or rejection by the people.^ On
reference to the territorial law under which the conven-
tion was assembled, thirty-four regularly-organized counties
were named as election districts for delegates to the con-
vention. In each and all of these counties it was required
by law that a census should be taken, and the voters regis-
tered ; and when this was completed, the delegates to the
convention should be apportioned accordingly, in nineteen
of these counties there was no census, and therefore there
could he no such apportionment there of delegates, based
upon such census; and, in fifteen o£ these counties, there
was no registry of voters.
<k These fifteen counties, including many of the oldest
oiganized counties of the Territory, were entirely disfran-
chised, and did not give, and (by no fault of their own) could
not give a solitary vote lor delegates to the convention. This
result was superinduced by the fact that the Territorial Le-
gislature appointed all the sheriffs and probate judges in all
these counties, to whom was assigned the duty by law of
making this census and registry. These officers were polit-
ical partisans, dissenting from the views and opinions of the
people of these counties, as proved by the election m Oc-
tober last. These officers, from want of funds, as they al-
lege, neglected or refused to take any census or make any
jegistry in the*e counties, and therefore they were entirely
disfranchised, and could not and did not give a single vote
at the election for delegates to the constitutional conven-
tion. And here I wish to call attention to the distinction,
which will appear in my inaugural address, in reference to
those counties where the voters were fairly registered and
did not vote. In such counties where a full and free op-
portunity was given to register and vote, and they did not
choose to exercise that privilege, the question is very dif-
ferent from those counties where there was no census or
registry, and no vote was given, or could be given, however
anxious the people might be to participate m the election
of delegates to the convention. Nor could it be said these
counties acquiesced; for wherever they endeavored, by a
subsequent census or registry of their own, to supply this
defect occasioned by the previous neglect of the territorial
officers, the delegates thu^ chosen were rejected by the con-
vention.
" I repeat, that in nineteen counties out of thirty-four
there was no census. In fifteen counties out of thirty-four
there was no registry, and not a solitary vote was given,or
could be given, for delegates to the convention in any one
of these counties. Surely, then, it cannot be said that such
a convention, chosen by scarcely more than one tenth of the
present voters ofKansas* represented the people of that Ter-
ritory, and could rightfully impose a constitution upon them
without their consent. These nineteen counties in which
there was no census, constituted a majority of the counties
of .the Territory, and these fifteen counties in which there
was no registry gave a much larger majority at the October
election, even with the six months' qualification, than the
whole vote given to the delegates who signed the Lecomp-
ton consutution on the 7th November last."
But suppose, for the sake of argument, that (
the election of delegate^, and everything up to
that time, were all fair and proper: does it follow
that the action of such delegates was to be final,
without being submitted to the approval or dis-
approval of the people? Now, I am a firm believer
in the sovereignty of the people, but I am not one
of those who hold that sovereignty is inalienable,
or, at least, that the people may not confer'power
and authority upon delegates to act for them, and
bind them by such action; but, then, I hold that
this is a power not to be exercised upon a mere
implication; and that if it is not expressly granted,
it is a power reserved by the people. A constitu-
tion is not like an ordinary act of legislation. It
is the highest political law of the State, and the most
important and solemn act of human government; and
therefore the one in which the power of the peo-
ple to pass judgment upon it before beingput into
execution, ought to be the most carefully guarded;
and, if I understand the spirit which pervades the
Constitution of the United States, and whidi un-
derlies all our republican institutions, it is, that
powers not expressly delegated, are reserved to the
people, and that they are the true source of all
political power.
Now, in this case, if we should even admit the
legality of the Legislature calling the convention,
and of the election of the delegates, the question
still remains, what were these delegates authorized
to do ? If I understand the question, it is not at
all as some gentlemen.here seem to suppose. It j
is not as to the absolute necessity of an enabling j
act, nor as to whether the people may not dele- |
gate to representatives the power to make and put ]
in operation a constitution, without its being sub- j
mitted to a vote of the people; but it is whether j
they did delegate that power, and if not, whether
there is satisfactory evidence that they approve
or acquiesce in the assumption of that power by
the convention ? Admit the Lecompton delegates
were authorized to form a constitution: were they
authorized to give that constitution vitality, and
fasten it upon the people, without their ratifica-
tion and against their will ? Was not the right to
ratify or reject a power reserved to the people?
If the members of the Lecompton convention pos-
sessed any such power as is claimed for them,
show me when, and where, and how, it was con-
ferred. Sir, the sovereign people of Kansas con-
ferred no such power. They expected nothing
of the sort; nor did the people of the States, the
President, or his Cabinet. On the contrary, the
President's instructions to Governor Walker, and
the Governor's repeated declarations, were to the
effect that " the constitution" (not apart of it only)
ought to be, and would be, submitted to a fair
vote of the people. The whole country expected
it. On the 7th of July last, the Washington Union
stated that—
There can be no *uch thing o<? n^rcrtaini/i^, fleetly ami
without doubt* the v ill of the people of Kansus, in any way
except by their oicn direct expression of it at the polls. A con-
stitution nob subjected to that te^t, no matter uhat it contains y
will never be acknowledged by its opponents to te anything
but a fraud."
Many of the delegates publicly pledged them-
selves that it should be submitted. Here is one
of the pledges published before the election. Read
it, and then say whether, under all the circum-
stances, the refusal of that convention to submit
, the constitution to the people was not a trick and
a fraud which just men everywhere should con-
demn and refuse to carry into execution r
'■ To the Democratic T'oten of Douglas County :
"It having been stated by that Abolition newspapei, the
Herald of Freedom, and by some disaffected bogus Demo-
crats, who have cot up an independent ticket, for the pur-
pose of securing the vote of the Black Republicans, that the
regular nominees of the Democratic convention were op-
posed to submittinz the constitution to the people, tee, the
candidates of the Democratic party, submit the following
i evolutions, w hich were adopted by Hie Democratic conven-
tion which placed ul in nomination, and which wc fnlb; and
heartily indorse, as a complete refutation of the slanders
above referred to.
John Calhoun, A. W. Jones,
W. S. Wells, H. Botcher,
L. S. Bollxkg, John M. Wallace,
Wm. T. Spicely, L. A. Pratiier.
"Lecompton, Kansas Territory, June 13,1857."
" Resolved, That we will support no man as a delegate to
the constitutional convention, whose duties it will be to
frame the constitution of the futuie State of Kansas and to
mold the political institutions under which we, as a people,
are to live, unless he pledges hirmelffully, freely, and with-
out reservation, to use every honorable means to submit the
same to every bona fide actual citizen of Kansas at the proper
time for the vote being taken upon the adoption by the peo-
ple, in order that the said constitution may be adopted or re-
jected by the actual settlers in this Territory, as the majority
of the voters shall decide."
Sir, if the delegates at that convention were
empowered to act at all, it was only to prepare
the constitution, and report it to the people for
their ratification or rejection, and not to fasten it
upon them, without any reference to their will.
We daily refer subjects to committees of this
House, to be considered and matured, because it
is more convenient and practical to consider a sub-
ject by a few men than by a large body of men;
but we do not regard the action of such commit-
tees as final. If they report a bill, we pass it or
reject it, as seems to us best for the public good.
Sir, your convention is but a committee, chosen
for convenience sake by the sovereign people,
(and, in this instance, by only a small minority
of them,) and charged with the preparation of a
constitution for consideration only, and not to put
it into execution, unless that power has been con-
ferred in express terms. True, if the power should
be assumed by the convention, the people may ac-
quiesce in it; and I know there are instances where
constitutions have been adopted without being
submitted to a direct vote of the people, and where
no express power to bind was conferred upon the
delegates; but in every one of these cases, the con-
stitution clearly embodied the public will; the ac-
quiescence of the people was notorious, or else,
from their silence or other cause, their approval
was fairly to be inferred. How different these
cases from the one under consideration ! Besides,
when these examples occurred, restrictions upon
theexpression of the will of the people, in the shape
of provisoes and Missouri compromises, were
much more in vogue than they are in this day of
light and knowledge.
I am not aware of any such example since the
passage of the compromise of 1850, which was the
beginning of a new era—the overthrow of restrict-
ive legislation, and the inauguration of the great
republican principle, since adopted and confirmed
in the Kansas-Nebraska act, of the sovereignty
of the people of the organized Territories, and
that Congress should only interfere to the extent
of securing to such people the free exercise of
their just rights, and of carrying into execution
their will. When admission is asked into the
Union, Congress should inquire whether the con-
stitution presented is the act of the people of such
Territory. If it is not the act of her people, and
does not embody their will, it is not republican;
i for republican governments, as we are told in the
' Declaration of Independence, must derive their
just powers from the consent of the governed.
What is the correct method of ascertaining the
will of the people of a Territory? The 4< correct
| principle" is embodied in the act passed at the
I last session of Congress, requiring that the con-
I stitution of Minnesota should be submitted to a
j fair vote of the people. This is the opinion pro-
1 claimed in the annual message of the President to
Congress, at the beginning-of the present session.
The President says:
" I trust, however, the example set by the last Congress,
; requiring that the constitution of Minnesota' should be sub-
| ject to the appioval and ratification of the people of the pro-
j posed State,5 may be followed on future occasions. I took
it for granted that the convention of Kansas would act in
I accordance with this example, founded, as it j>, on coirect
; principles ; and hence my instructions to Governor Walker,
; in favor ot submitting the constitution to the people, were
' expressed m general and unqualified terms."
; Now, to this sentiment of our worthy Presi-
dent, that constitutions "shov.ld be subject to the
: approval and ratification of the people1 give my
> most hearty concurrence; and I am at a loss to
| know why gentlemen on this floor are unwilling
to apply it to Kansas, " founded as it is on cor-
j rcct principles.'* Why shouldnot " correct prin-
I ciples" be applied to Kansas as well as to Min-
nesota and the other Territories ? In what has
