1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
ted and adopted by the people of Pennsylvania,
in 1838, two hundred and fifty thousand one hun-
dred and forty-six people voted for Governor, and
yet the new constitution was adopted with only
one hundred and thirteen thousand nine hundred
and seventy-one voting for it.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Had all the people the
right to vote in the case of Kansas ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I know of none who were
excluded from voting.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. There were nineteen
counties in Kansas that had not the right to vote.
Mr. PHILLIPS. That is begging the question.
My colleague knows that those who do not choose
to exercise their rights have no rights.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. They had no right.
Mr. PHILLIPS. It is very well to find a pre-
text when one wants to find fault.
Another instance has occurred in Pennsylva-
nia, since my colleague has been a member of this
Congress. While there were three hundred and
sixty thousand votes polled at the election in 1857,
for Governor, the highest vote polled both for and
against the proposed amendments to the constitu-
tion was less than forty per cent, of that number.
For one of the amendments the highest vote cast
was one hundred and seventeen thousand one
hundred and forty-three, and twenty-one thou-
sand four hundred and twelve against it. One
hundred and thirty-eight thousand five hundred
and fifty-three out of three hundred and sixty-
thiee thousand and eighty-one voters in Pennsyl-
vania adopted those amendments; and under those
circumstances I have no doubt my'colleague will
acknowledge that the amendments have been
adopted and are a part of the organic law of Penn-
sylvania.
Now, in the case of Kansas, if the election was
a legal and a lawful election, those who stayed at
home, as Go\errior Walker says, authorised those
who did go to the polls to act for them. The con-
vention having submitted to the people the only
question m issue, and the people having voted
upon it, it remains a part of the constitution.
I have thus shown, I trust, that there is no law
requiring the constitution to be submitted to a vote
of the people. If there is any such, I have not
been able to find it. All principle, precedent,and,
I was going to say, very much of practice is
against it. ...
Now, let us consider what the constitution is.
In the first place, is there a doubt that the peo-
ple may wipe away every provision of it as with
a breath? What is a constitution ? A State con-
stitution differs very materially from the national
constitution. Gentlemen who cite the Federal
Constitution, though upon the side I am endeav-
oring to sustain, are in error. The Congress of
the United States can do nothing which the Con-
stitution does not authorize. Our powers are lim-
ited; our hands are tied; and for what we do we
must find our authority in the Constitution. In
regard to a State constitution,exactly the reverse
islhe case. The members of a State Legislature
may do every act of legislation which the consti-
tution does not restrain nor prohibit. There can
be no doubt about that; and I need cite no prece-
dent for such a plain and recognized principle.
When we came to form a Federal Constitution, it
was accomplished by the surrender of certain pow-
ers by the States themselves. Not so, however,
with a State constitution; it is a restraining instru-
ment; and, if the constitution of Kansas has re-
strained either the people at any time, or the Le-
gislature until after 1864, I have been unable to
discover it. I say, too, if the restraint does ap-
ply, as the gentleman from South Carolina
Keit r] undertook to show, the constitution would
not be republican, according to my notions.
Mr. Chairman, this clause of the Constitution,
so much talked about, it seems to me has not been
rightly applied. There are two or three clauses in
the constitution of Kansas which we must look at
in this connection. The clause which prohibits
an alteration of the constitution until after the year
1864, operates only upon the Legislature; and it
interferes in no manner with that other clause by
which the right ofthe people is expressly reserved
and recognized. I should contend for the right of
the people atall events; butwhen gentlemen stand
here and say that they are opposed to th^ admis-
sion of Kansas because the constitution is not a
;<Tood one*, when they arc willing that this strife
Lliuuld continue in Kiuiuus: I w ant to *>av to 'hem
—not that I expect to convince anybody, for I fear
that we rush too blindly to conclusions on political
matters for that—that there is in this constitution
of Kansas an express recognition of the people's
right to change their constitution when they please.
Those gentlemen who undertake to say that they
are restrained from doing so until 1864, fall into
an error in confounding the application of that
section with the section which applies solely and
exclusively to the people. This right of the people
is recognized everywhere. It is recognized in the
Declaration of Independence, which declares the
self-evident truth:
"That all men are crcatcd equal; that they are endowed
by their Creator with certain inalienable right*; thatamong
these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That
to secure these rights, governments are instituted among
men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the
governed; that whenever any form of government becomes
destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter
or abolish it, and to mstnute a new government, laj ing its
foundation on such principles, and organizing Us powers in
such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their
safety and happiness.'5
The constitution of Kansas recognizes it in the
fullest possible manner, and that clause which re-
lates to 1864 is operative only upon the Legisla-
ture, and in language so plain that no man can
doubt, except those who choose willfully to do so.
Now, sir, those two clauses are not inconsist-
ent. The one applies to the people and the. other
to the Legislature. This enumeration of rights
, says the constitution shall not be construed to
deny or disparage others retained by the people.
1 Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
ask my colleague a question, for I really feel some
interest in his opinion upon this point. I under-
stand him to say that the clause of the constitution
, forbidding a change bnlore 1864 applies to the
Legislature. I understand him to say that an- i!
other provision of the constitution provides for a  !
change by the people before 1364, or after, as the <
case may be. ;
' Mr. PHILLIPS. Yes. sir.
, Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. Now, sir,
■ what I propose to ask my colleague is in the w ay ;
I of a practical question: I find that the resolution ;
; of the Democratic convention of our own State, j
; which has just adjourned, contends for this same ;
; power, and says the people have it by " regular |
: piocess." Now, I want to know from him how j
he would propose that the people should exercise j
j the power? j
I Mr. PHILLIPS. I will tell the gentleman, j
They shall petition the Legislature, who shall au- j
1: thorize them to have a convention. ;
< Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. But the Le-;
i' gislature have no powei beloie 1864. ;
Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentleman is wrong. f
I: The Legislature have no power to propose legis- >
lative amendments before that time, and the restraint ^
| upon them is only of that kind. I have a number j
of precedents upon that point. The constitution j
■ of Pennsylvania imposes a similar restraint upon j
■ the Legislature;and yet my colleazuc will not rise j
here and tell us that Ike people of Pennsylvania j
! aic so restrained, and cannot have a convention.
'■ Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I contcnd
! that they are not restrained. They have a high
' revolutionary right to change their government,
just as the people of Kansas have; but it is not a
1 right by " regular process.'' .
Mr. PHILLIPS. Well, I contend for the right
: by regular process. I want to put down the exer-
cise of these revolutionary rights in Kansas. I
;! want to substitute regular process for the strong
!' arm of violence, with which the Territory has
'' been too Ions; governed.
I; Now, I wiU'reter my colleague to a precedent.
!| In 1776, Pennsylvania had a convention, over
j: which Benjamin Franklin presided, and they
I framed a constitution which contained a clause m
j reference to the right of the people, in similar
< phraseology to the clause in the constitution of
Kansas. And it contained another clause ten
:: times as strong as the one in the Kansas consti-
1 tution, which provided tiiatthereshould beacoun-
I, cil of censors, two thirds of whom should propose
! amendments to the people. (Appendix B.) WcH,
the censors met and would not propose amenu-
ments to the people. A majority were in favor
of it; but not the requisite two thirds. They ad-
journed over till another year. The people then
. j —to have their constitution amended by
The constitution was defective in many things. It
had some good things in it, but it was imperfect,
and its radical defect was that it provided for but
one branch of the Legislature. Well, when the
council of censors refused to call a convention to
propose amendments, or to propose amendments
themselves, themajority of that council addressed
the
tried again I
the people, and, speaking of those who opposed
the measure, said, " Their sullen no in this coun-
cil cannot rob you of your birthright."
They did not consider it a gift, an acquired
right; they claimed it as a born-right, a birth-
right, of which they could not be deprived, espe-
cially by a clause operative only upon that coun-
cil and ineffectual upon the people.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. That was
revolution.
Mr. PHILLIPS. No, sir; it was not revolu-
tion; it was regular process. It was put upon the
ground that there was a reservation in that con-
stitution similar to the one here, and that that re-
servation was to be construed as I am contending
that this ought to be construed now. The Legis-
lature took the same ground. It was opposed then
as it is opposed now. It was insisted that the
" regular process" was the process of the council
of censois. But the Legislature overruled that,
and said, "You gentlemen who compose the coun-
cil of censors may propose amendments, but the •
people have, at the same time, the right to amend
or reform the constitution at their pleasure;" and
the Legislature declared,and the people exercised
this right. A constitution was framed in 1790;
it had in it no clause providing for its change or
amendment. Yet wlm dared to dispute the right
I of the people to have a change when they desired
: it ? They have the right either to make an entire
■ constitution or to amend the existing instrument.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what is this clause in the
constitution of Kansas ?
" Sfc H After the year 186-i, whenever the Legislature
shall think it nece«saiy to amend, alter, or change tluseon-
siuution, they shall lecommend to the electors at the nest
general election, two thuds ot the members of each House
conouiring, to vole for or against calling a convention ; ami
if it shall appear that a majority of all citizens of the State
have voted /or a convention, the Legislature shall at its nest
icgular session cail a convention," &c.
Now, can any gentleman upon this floor con-
tend that that section interferes with the other
clause, giving to the people the right to amend
their constitution ?
Mr. ST .A NTON. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether he holds that,
where a power is granted, and the mode of exe-
cuting it is preset ibed, it can be exercised in any
other°mode except that prescribed?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Of course not; but I tell the
gentleman from Ohio that there is express power
granted to the people, and that there is no restric-
tion upon the Legislature until after 1864. When
you undertake to restrain a legislative body, and
1 to deprive them of rights, you say it in words that
' cannot be misunderstood. 1 have theauthority
i here, which the gentleman will recognize, of the
' Topeka constitution. [Laughter.] The lopeka-
. ites knew how to restrict the Legislature, when
| they wanted to do it.
I I have said that this clause is operative upon
j the Legislature; but I mean to show that it is not
! operative until after 18b4. Will the gentleman
! from Ohio, [Mr. Stantox,] a good and eminent
! lawyer as he is, undertake to say that he is not
i familiar with law after law beginning, that after
' such a day such and such shall be the law ? And
wili he rise here and assort that such will be the
i law until the day specified arrives' I will show
the gentleman tile language which is used when
1 the object is to prohibit anything being done be-
. fore or up toagiven day. 1 read from the Topeka
i constitution, this Republican instrument which it
■ is insisted shall be the basis of the admission of
: Kansas:
i " See. 4. No convention 1'or the formation of a new con-
stitution shall be callcd, and no amundinent to the consti-
tution shall he, by the Geneial Assembly, made hefoie the
year 1865, nor moie than once in five years therealter.-
i They recognized the difference between the two
' —the people and the Legislature. When conven-
, ttons want to prohibit the exercise of that power
they use language that cannot be misunderstood,
j If any one takes up the statute-books of the Um-
i ted States he will find hundreds of laws beginning,
d after a particular day there shall be.
iSrZ of SfM: !! IKS surely no member will argue before
