MJ20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
this body that before the time specified the lawis
operative or in force. I say that t hiss clause in the
constitution of- Kansas is not of any effect what-
ever till 1884s although it may not have been so
intended. The Topeka constitution is very differ-
ent. It prohibits the amendment of the constitu-
tion effectually before the year 1865. If this clause
was intended to have a different effect, its framers
havfe overreached themselves. If it was intended
"for good, I can very well understand the argument
that, having made anew constitution, and infalli-
bility not being allotted to man, legislative amend-
ments should be encouraged up to 1864; so that,
by that time, experience might show its merits or
defects. If the motive was bad, then these men
have signally overshot their mark. I say you
cannot take up the statutes of State Legislatures,
or theacts of Congress, without finding hundreds
of laws enacting that from and after a day such
shall be the law; and if that has been construed
to mean that the law should not go into effect
till that time, I want to see the judge who would
construe differently a restriction contained in this
clause upon the legislative power.
I hold to the doctrine that the Legislature of
a State has all the sovereign power, except such
as is for necessary purposes reserved, either ex-
pressly or by implication, to the people. It is not
new doctrine that I am enunciating here; but I
have been astonished at the ground taken by some
members in this matter. I do not know that they
want, willfully, to pervert the condition of things;
but the idea is absurd that, because a certain clause
in a constitution declares that the Legislature
shall be restricted, after a certain lime arrives,
from amending it, except in a particular way, that
it is to be construed so as to restrain their action
before that time arrives. Until after 1864 it is
inoperative, as though it had been said that the
clause should not be inserted in the constitution
till that time arrives.
I quarrel with no man because he differs in opin-
ion with me. I agree with the gentleman who
last spoke in not deeming it essential whether this
is made a party test or not. I believe that this
constitution has been framed with all the require-
ments of recognized law; and 1, for one, will never
sanction the lebellion that created resistance to it
from the moment of its inception. I have given
the highest authority, among the opponents of
the admission of Kansas, to show that it was
regular in everything, down to its submission to
a vote of the people. I have pointed gentlemen to
the case of the constitution of my own State made
in 1790, which was not submitted to the people,
and it remained unaltered for forty-eight years.
I have referred thetrt to State after State, whose
constitutions were not so submitted. The State
of Indiana had a provision in her constitution that
it should only be amen4ed every twelfth year;
but a new constitution was made in another year,
and was accepted without a murmur of illegality.
The man who would attempt to restrain the ex-
ercise of sovereign power by the people, would
meet that doom which every public man would
want to avoid.
Now, what do we gain by admitting Kansas
with this Lecompton constitution3 In the first
place, do we violate any principle? If we do, I
will not vote for it. Popular sovereignty! A
great respect the professed majority in Kansas
can have for popular sovereignty when they come
here with their Topeka constitution,and say that
the people of Kansas cannot and shall not amend
their constitution for eight or nine years ! Sup-
pose this is a bad constitution ! Suppose that
it admits slavery, and that the people do not
want it there! I do not believe that slavery cjn
exist there; I have not an idea that it can; and as
it cannot exist there as an institution, I should
rather see it out of the constitution. I do not ob-
ject to the existence of slavery in a State where
the people desire it. I do not want it in my State;
but I do not object to the fullest enjoyment of it
in a State where the people desire its existence.
But whether it is the slavery or any other clause
that is obnoxious to the people, I put my finger
on the clause that the people may alter their con-
stitution when they think proper; and I challenge
gentleman to point to any clause which any plain,
unlettered man would read, and say that ir, pro-
hibits the amendment of the constitution at any
ywfe^inimedUtelyt if the people choose it.
: J Tftefce are the views that f entertain. Unlike
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. English] who
preceded me, I have no apology to offer for avo w-
ing the principles adopted by the party to which
I am proud to belong—that party through which
alone the harmony of the country can be pre-
served. To me, it is immaterial whether this act
shall, or shall not, be accompanied by a decla-
ration or condition by Congress that the people
shall have, at all times, the-right of altering their
constitution. You might as well declare that the
sun shines; the two propositions are equally plain,
without the declaration of them. I will vote for
such a declaration, for it asserts expressly only
what is there by necessary implication; and be-
cause, if there be any room for doubt, it will
remove that doubt. I will vote for it in any way;
either as a declaration, a proviso, or a condition;
although I believe the right is there already. Rec-
ognizing the right of the people of Kansas to alter
their constitution when they please; and recog-
nizing the right of the Legislature, at any time,
to propose amendments, if the people do not wish
to go through the form of having the entire con-
stitution changed, and if they are only dissatis-
fied on one clause; and entertaining the belief that
the admission of Kansas into the Union is a meas-
ure of national peace, and that the strife which
would follow its rejection would envelop and af-
fect every man in the country; I most earnestly
trust that calm counsels will prevail, and that the i
matter may be putin such a shape as the gentle- \
man from Indiana has just hoped it might be, to
command the votes of himself and others. I hope !
there may be no dissensions in a party on which i
depend tfte success and quiet of the country; and ;
I promise gentlemen that, if that is done, there '
will be no more disaffection; because I do not be- ;
lieve that the people of Kansas are so suicidal or .
so fratricidal as to continue dissensions and dis-
cords when the Federal Government shall have \
removed its forces from the Territory, and re-
lieved it from territorial dependence. If that be !
the result, Mr. Chairman, I am sure that all will ;
be satisfied who have contributed to bring it i
about. [Here the hammer fell.] j
[APPENDIX. ;
(AO
Resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania. j
u Resolved, That in the opinion of thi&Jlouse. it is expe- j
dient and proper for the good people of this Commonwealth |
to choose a convention for the purpose of reviewing and. if i
uujy see occasion, altering and amending, the constitution
of this State.
c" JiesoU-ed, That in the opinion of this House, a conven-
tion being chosen and met, it would be expedient, just, and
reasonable, that the convention should publish their amend-
ment.* and alterations, for the consideration of the people,
and adjourn at legist lour months pievious to confirmation."
Protect of William Lewis.
" I dissent, because, although \ admit, in the fullest nx-
i tent, that it will be piopor fofthe convention to submit to
| the consideration of the people the plan of government
j which may bo lormed, and, although J fervently wwli that
\ sutfieient time will be afioided them to deliberate thereon,
i I am so far from being satisfied of the right of this House to
! enter into any resolutions respecting it. that I cannot but
j consider them as unwarrantable assumptions ofpower. The
I resolution agreed to must be intended to have some weight
[ and influence with the convention, or it would not have
| been proposed ; and as that weight and influence, so far as
j they operate, must tend to pi event the unbiased exercise of
j their own minds, in a matter submitted to them by'the peo-
i pie, and not by this House, they mu*t be highly improper.
, An adjournment by the convention is a thing tn itself so
| desirable, that were its members to be appointed by this
■ House, and to deiive their authority from it, I should not
only be for recommending, but directing the measure. But
the convention mustbeehosen by the people, in whom alone
tiie authority is lodged, and will derive all theii powers from
t them. They will sit, and they ought to act, both as to ad-
j- journments, and in ail othei lespects, independent of this
ij House, and should not in the one case, any more than jn
!, others, be influenced by it. Being to be "chosen by the
II same people with ourselves, it is rather assuming in us to
jj suppose that their wisdom, vntue, or discretion will be less
i than our own, and unless we distiust their prudent exer-
! cise thereof, it does not become us, to whom the business
■ dues not appoit'un, to dictate to those to whom it belongs.
, Thov will doubtless receive from their constituents and duly
' re«pf*ct such instructions and recommendations as they may
| think proper to give, but ought not to receive any fioni us*,
i who, as a body, have no light to interfere, and who, as in-
dividual, will have a voice with other membeis of the coiu-
i munity.
i "The people may think that an adjournment of four
j months is too long 01 too short, and hmj recommend as
I they may think proper; but we have no right to think or
| to act for them. Jf we have a right to resolve that an ad-
, journment is proper, we must have an equal right to re-oive
' that it is. improper ; or that any matter in the formation of
the government is right or wrong, according to the prevail-
ing ideas in this House. In our resolution respecting the
election and the meeting of the convention, we are author-
ed by the wishes of the people, manifested to us; but we
have no authority of our own, and are not warranted by
them to proceed Anther. When the convention meet, they
will look to the source of their authority for instiuctiom- and
recommendations, both as to adjourning, and to other
matter*, and act with a prudent discretion therein; and as
that discretion ought not to be biased by any supposed in-
fluence ot this Iloine, 1 dissent from the re>olution, as be-
ing calculated to intifucb on the right-, of the pioplc: and
on the free deliberations of their representatives in conven-
tion, and have recorded my reasons in justification of my
conduct."
From the Constitution of Pennsylvania, of I77G.
"In order that the freedom of this Commonwealth may
be preserved inviolate forever, there shall be chosen by bal-
lot, bv the freemen in each city and county respectively on
the second Tuesday of October, in the year one thousand
seven hundred and eighty three, and on the second Tues-
day in October, in every seventh year thereafter, two per-
sons in each city and county of this State, to be called the
Council of Censors, who shall meet together on the second
Monday of November next ensuing their election ; the ma-
jority of whom shall be a quorum in every ca«?e, except as
to calling a convention, in which two thirds of the whole
number elected shall agree, and whose duty it shall be to
inquire whether the constitution has been preserved invio-
late m every pan; and whether the legislative and execu-
tive bianches of government have performed their duty, as
guardians of the people, or assumed to themselves, or exer-
cised, othei or greater powers than they are entitled to by
the constitution ; they are also to inquire whether the public
taxes have been justly laid and collected in all parts of this
Commonwealth, m what manner the public moneys have
been disposed of, and whether the laws have been duly ex-
ecuted. For these purposes they shall have power to &end
for persons, papers, and recotds; they shall have authos itv
to pass public censures, to order impeachments, and to rec-
ommend to the Legislature the repealing of such laws a-3
appear to them to have been enacted contrary to the prin-
ciples of the constitution.
'-These powers they shall continue to have foi and dur-
ing the spaee of one year from the day of their election,
and no longer. The said council of censors shall also have
•powjerto call a convention, to meet within two years after
their sitting, if there appears to them an absolute necessity
of amending any article of the constitution which may be
defective, explaining such as may be thought not clcarlv
expressed, and of adding such as are necessary for the pies-
ervation of the rights and happiness of the people; but
the articles to be amended, and the amendments proposed,
and &uch articles as are proposed to be added or abolished,
shall be promulgated at least six months before the day ap-
pointed for the election of such convention, for the pievi-
ous consideration of the people, that they may have an op-
portunity of instructing their delegates on the subject."
Reasons for dissenting from the cull of a Convention.
Becau-e we are of opinion that this House is not com-
petent to the subject. We are delegated for the spccuil
purposes of legislation, azrccahly to the constitution. Our
authority is derived from it and limited by it. We are bound
by the sanction of our solemn oaih«: to do nothmgmjunous
to it, and the good people of Pennsj lvania have, in the con-
stitution. declared the only mode in which they will exer-
cise 11 the right of a community to reform, alter, or abolish
government,' as being the manner most conducive to tiie
public weal.
"Because this measure at once infringes the solemn
compact entered into by the people of this State with e,ieh
other, to be ruled by fixed punciples ; will lender even foi m
of governmentprecarious and unstable ; encourage faction*,
in their begmningeontemptible for numbers, by a persever-
ing opposition to any administration, to hope"for succe4<;
and subject the lives and liberties of the good people of this
Commonwealth, and all law and government, to uncer-
tainty ; render everything that is dear subject to the caprice
of a factious and corrupt majority in the legiflatuie; de-
stroy all confidence in our government; and prevent for-
eigners from giving that preference to Pennsylvania an
asylum from oppression which we have hitherto expeii-
enced.'']
Mr. FOSTER obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, who moved that
the committee rise.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the gen-
tleman from Maine to withdraw that motion, and
allow me to make a motion for an evening ses-
sion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. No, sir. I am
opposed to evening sessions.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope that
course will be pursued. There are a number of
gentlemen who desire to speak upon this ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not think
there is any necessity of grinding out all these
speeches on Lecompton in two or three days. I
move that the committee rise.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Houston reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the Union gen-
erally, and especially House bill No. 6, making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th June, 1859, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon.
AiuUhen, on motion of Mr. JOHN COCH-
RANE, (ateleven minutes past four o'clock,) the
House adjourned.
