THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
its associates in magni licence of price. Five vol-
umes have been printed; four more are in the
hands of the Printer, The work alread y done has
cost $526,117; the balance is estimated to cost
§335,300 —making a total of §861,417; but the
reality in the end will probably reach over a mil-
lion.
•Captain Wilkes's report was the first of the
series of " splendid books" ordered by Congress;
and by what 1 have shown, it will be seen to have ^
been ft plentiful mother of costly books. Its cost i
I have not been able to learn. 'The expedition ;
wilder the command of that officer, which was j
conducted by him with great ability, was a fa- j
vorite with the country; and in their gratitude, |
the Congress of the United States seemed willing >
to let him print the book to suit himself, and, I
believe, to keep the copies when printed.
The Patent Office report has been a favorite of
the country; and, like all favorites, it has been
permitted to overgrow its proper dimensions.
Originally one small and interesting volume of
well-selected facts and tried opinions, it has be-
come three volumes; one devoted to agriculture,
and the others to inventions in the mechanic arts.
It should be condensed if its usefulness is to be
continued. Its cost for the year 1857 was §375,286.
It cost the Government seventy cents a copy, and
it can be bought in any number, I am told, in the
bookstores of this city for fifteen cents—a pretty
fair evidence that the number printed is much
greater than the country needs.
The whole system of printing books by Con-
fress I consider as wrong in principle, and pro-
uctive of no good.
All the works which have been distributed by j
the Senate and House of Representatives, if they :
possess value, would be sought by the enterprising j
publishers of the country, and furnished to the ;
people at much less expense. Beginning with !
Captain Wilkes's book, a rivalry has grown up
for books of that class, with expensive and often
worthless engravings, that no judicious private
publisher would allow to incumber his pages.
Officers now think injustice is done to them, if
Congress declines giving them authority to print
and publish without control.
Until within thelastfew years, Congress printed
only such matter as was necessary to the proper
understanding of questions before them.
The new system has brought about this city
and Congress a host of persons seeking this pat-
ronage; and the enormous sums expended have
become an evil and an abuse which is attracting
the attention of the whole country. The present
Committee on Printing in the Senate propose to
curtail the expenditure without at present inter-
fering with the system; and I earnestly hope it
will meet the hearty cooperation of this body.
Among the evils of this lavish expenditure for
printing is one, not among the least, in the labor
it imposes upon the members of Congress. It is
not known abroad how much of each member's
time is consumed in distributing this work. I
consume hours daily in replying to letters claim-
ing books, under the impression that they arc
furnished to us of all kinds, and without limit in
number. All the books I have enumerated, ex-
cept the Patent Office report, were distributed
before I came here, and I answer twenty or more
.etters a day, asking for Perry's Japan, Gilliss's
report, the Pacific railroad report, &c. When
by accident I have procured a copy, from some
friend or from the bookstores, to send among my
constituents, it has been followed by many appli-
cations from other persons having claims upon
my notice. No amount of printing could enable a
Senator, representing any one of the larger States,
to furnish each of his constituents with a copy of
all the works called for, and an attempt to dis-
criminate only gets him into trouble with his
friends. The impression abroad is, that we are
even more extravagant than we really are; and
this impression sometimes brings an amusing let-
ter. The other day, a good man wrote me that
his son, a "smart boy," was fond of reading,
and he hoped I would send him " some good sto-
ry-books." [Laughter.] To-day I have a letter
from a man who says he is a horse-doctor, who
asks me for books to teach him his trade. [Laugh-
ter.] My inclination is to be civil to all; but no
labor which I can perform will enable me to an-
swer all the letters received asking for books. It
time the whole system should cease to exist.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
proposed resolution and amendment read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed, in addition to the usual
number, ten thousand copies of the annua) report of the
Commissioner of Patents on arts and manufactures, for tile
year I?."', eight thousand of which for the use of the Sen-
ate, and two thousand for the Interior Department, for the
purposes of official distribution.
The amendment of Mr. Wilson is to add:
And that the Secretary of the Intenor be, and he is here-
by, directed to cause the annual report of the Commissioner
of Patents on mechanics, hereafter to be made to Congress,
to be prepared and submitted in such manner as that the
plates and drawings necessary to illustrate each subject
shall be inserted m'their proper places m the text, so as to
comprise the entire lepoitill one volume.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to amend my own
amendment by striking out the words " made to j
Congress," and inserting " made to the Senate." j
Mr. STUART. It would be better to limit the j
number of pages also. j
Mr. WILSON. I certainly have no objection ]
to that. On looking over the mechanical report !
for last year, I find that it contains seventeen hun- ;
dred and fifty pages. Now, I think the whole can
be put in one volume not exceeding seven hun- ;
dred and fifty pages. i
Mr. HUNTER. And less than that. j
Mr. WILSON. I concur entirely in the move- j
ment which has been made by the Committee on i
Printing. Members of Congress have come to be j
agents for the distribution of books, seeds, and ;
documents. The Senator from Pennsylvania has |
told us the character of some of the communica-
tions which he receives in regard to this distribu- |
tion of books in the country; and I may add that j
daily I receive letters asking for books, and some j
gentlemen are modest enough to ask for the whole i
list of all the works we have published for years
past. This takes up a great deal of our time, to
say nothing of the enormous expenses which have
been incurred during the past few years in the
publication of these books. I am ready to give
my voice and my vote to the policy inaugurated
by the committee, and I hope it will be sustained
by the Senate, and by the House of Representa-
tives. I am ready to begin here, upon a work
that is probably of more interest to my own State
than it is to any other State of the Union. I sup-
pose there are more persons in Massachusetts who
have an interest in this mechanical report, than
can be found in any other State of this Union.
The proposition is to make the reduction upon
this work. I am ready to begin here, where it
affects my own people. The agricultural report
is of great interest l.i every section of the Union,
and I suppose we shall be called upon from every
section of the country to publish a large number
of that work. That is in one volume; itisawork
of great and general interest to the whole country,
and we probably cannot stint that. But the in-
terest; in the mechanical report is confined gener-
ally to a few States. It is certainly a work of
interest; but I think labor ought to be bestowed
!| upon it, to condense its contents, and they will
then be of infinitely more value than they now
jj are, and the condensation will save a vast sum of
[j money to the country.
M I am in favor, therefore, of this reduction. I
!; might have preferred that the number should be
;i fifteen thousand instead of ten thousand; but I
; am ready to sustain the report of the committee,
though I hope the amendment which I have pro-
posed will be adopted by the Senate, and that the
example will be followed by the House of Repre-
sentatives. Then the mechanical reports, here-
after to be made, will be, by the appropriate offi-
cers, condensed and put in proper form, and we
i shall have a volume not exceeding seven hundred
j and fifty pages; which, I think, will be all that
I will be necessary, and be of infinitely more use,
i j even to the sections of the country wheie the work
! is regarded as of great value.
'! Mr. HUNTER. I desire to return my thanks
to the Committee on Printing for the judicious
effort which they are making to limit the expend-
itures which have heretofore been so wasteful.
They are striking in the right place, in my opin-
ion, when they strike at these books, which cost
a great deal not merely in printing them, but also
in the agencies which are necessary to collect the
materials. I thmk that if, in addition to limiting
the number of copies printed, they would accept
another suggestion which has been made, and re-
strict the number of pages, they would do a good
thing; and if they will only carry out the work
they have commenced, and restrain this enormous
publication of books, which has entailed on us an
expenditure that is now attracting the public re-
gard everywhere, I think they will do a great ser-
vice to the country. I shall vote with great pleas-
ure for the motion of the Committee on Printing
as presented by the chairman; and I hope he will
accept the other suggestion that has been made,
and limit the quantity of matter to be printed.
Mr. MASON. I agree entirely with my col-
league in recognizing the steps taken by the
Committee on Printing in diminishing the cost
of printing by reducing the number; but I should
be gratified to go one step further, and to print
nothing at all of the Patent Office report—not one
line. I do not believe we shall ever get at the true
disease in this matter until we extirpate the sys-
tem altogether. If we refuse to print, then it will
be proper for us to take away from the Depart-
ment the duties which devolve on it now to com-
pose the matter for printing.
The Patent Office report is a paper which is
much sought for in my country by the agricul-
tural community, and it is said to contain to them,
with a great deal of trash, now and then valuable
matter; and it is very natural that it should be
sought for, because it is not only gjiven to them
gratuitously, but carried to them without cost. I
do not believe that the people of any part of the
United States, who would be interested in any
printed document, would not very cheerfully pay
(they can well afford to pay) whatever it may cost
to acquire it. I think that the public mind would
not only be satisfied, but would be gratified, if
this gratuity—a very strange gratuity it is—should
be discontinued on the part of Congress. I do not
know that the motion will carry, but I think we
had better meet it at the threshold, and stop the
printing altogether of the Patent Office report, and,
in due time, the printing of other things that may
come before us, if we should think it advisable to
do so. I do not know any better mode to attain
it than by moving to postpone, indefinitely, the
consideration of the resolution and amendment,
and I make that motion.
Mr. GWIN. This nuisance of printing books
has grown to be almost intolerable; but I do not
think the Senator from Virginia has struck on the
right plan to accomplish a beneficial object. Ac-
cording to my view, this report ought to be print-
I ed; but the mode of distribu tion should be changed.
II I think it should devolve on the Departments of
jj the Government, and not on members of Con-
ij gress. I do not know how it is with others, but
j1 really I am borne down by applications for books,
'■ I seeds, and things of that sort, and if I do not send
them to every one who applies to me, it is a cause
of personal offense. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has said correctly, that if we send a book to
one person in a neighborhood, those who do not
get it think they are cheated out of their books.
If we prmt this report, and have it distributed by
the Departments, they will take more pains to
IJ distribute it so as to be useful, than members of
■ I Congress possibly can. I hope, therefore, that he
:! will not insist on his motion to prevent the print-
; ing; but will frame an amendment providing that
: when printed, it shall be distributed by a Depart-
ment of the Government. Probably, the Interior
Department is the best one. I shall not vote
against printing this document, for I think it val-
uable, and it may be useful; but I believe there is
great abuse in the manner of distribution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I differ entirely with the
j Senator from California m the suggestion he has
i made. I know there are inconveniences in refer-
! ence to this matter; but there is no other mode,
| and, he will allow me to say, no other possible
; mode, in which the agricultural report, and even
| this one, can be so understandingly distributed
. as by the members of Congress. It is perfectly
; idle to say that the head of the Department of
! the Interior would know how to distribute these
books understandingly to the people all over the
United States. The object that we seek for here—
economy—would not be promoted, I think, by
any such measure as that, because the result of
sending the distribution to the Department of the
Interior will probably be the creation of a new
bureau; or, at any rate, the employment of a
dozen, or fifteen, or twenty clerks for the purpose
; of distributing documents—a business which we
