
A powerful enemy threatening us in Texas, Lower Louisiana, from the Mississippi,and at Little Rock, weakens my means and circumstances me in my efforts to assist you. To make direct promises which I cannot clearly see the means of fulfilling would be unjust to you and your people. Success at some other point may soon place troops at my disposal, and enable me to drive the enemy beyond your borders.

General Bankhead has ere this joined General Steele. Two regiments and a battery are on the march from Galveston to Bonham. A battery goes from this point to your aid. The people of Texas are arming and organizing throughout the State,and General Magruder is pushing forward to the Red River frontier. General Steele will, I trust, soon be enabled to assume again the offensive.

What might have been done and has not is with the past; it is needless to comment upon it,and I can only assure you that I feel the importance of your country to our cause. I know the honest loyalty of your people; I have their interest at heart,and will spare no effort, with the limited means at my disposal, to establish them in their rights.

I am, sir, with respect and esteem,your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY, Camp on Middle Boggy, C. N., September 8, 1863.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER:

GENERAL: Your suggestion relative to sending Major [Israel G.] Vore up meets my views. With regard to any movement up the country, I am anxious to hear from General Bankhead before I determine what move is to be made. It is not practicable for Bankhead to move through the mountains,without wagons, and fall upon the command left near North Fork? If the Creeks can be induced to fall back to the point you mentioned, it will be equivalent to a decision as to which side they will take. I expect Colonel Scott up to-day or to-morrow. A letter from him,if he will not go in person, will be an assistance.

Your obedient servant,WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

[HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,] Shreveport, La., September 9, 1863.

Major General STERLING PRICE, Little Rock:

I will order it to you. It was near Opelousas. More than six weeks will elapse before it reaches Little Rock.

E. KIRBY SMITH.

HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION, September 9, 1863.

Brigadier General J. S. MARMADUKE:

GENERAL: My assistant adjutant-general addressed you as he did this afternoon through a misapprehension of my wishes and of our relative positions. It was very far from my intention to give you any order, or assume any authority not legitimately belonging to me. The

