
paper relating to the men about your train was intended to given you information which it was presumed you would like to know, and the one relating to corn was intended to be referred for your advice, as i did not know whether your pickets protected the field referred to or not. I regret that I should have been placed, even for a short time, in a false attitude toward you.

I am, general, very respectfully,

D. M. FROST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,September 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General MARMADUKE,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Price directs that you report here forthwith, with your whole command, leaving only a few pickets. Similar instructions have been sent to Colonel Thompson, to save time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[L. A.] MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, September 10, 1863.

Colonel E. C. CABELL, C. S. Army,

Jacksonport, Ark.:

SIR: Your letter of July 18, from Jacksonport, Ark., reached me a few days ago.

Your inform me that a certain party "desires to obtain proper authority from the Confederate Government to undertake the destruction of gunboats, transports, &amp;c., for such per centum of the value of the boats destroyed as may be offered," &c. There is no legislation of which I am aware that satisfies precisely the conditions required. The act of May 6, 1861, recognizing the existence of war with the United States, and providing for privateering, is not construed to permit privateering on inland waters. A reference to the law for the establishment of a volunteer navy, copy of which I inclose herewith, will show you that it cannot be made to embrace the parties to which you refer.

To facilitate organizations of parties to operate as you propose, in boats or otherwise, against the enemy on our Western rivers, they could be received into the Navy if they shipped regularly in accordance with existing laws, and then assigned duty under an acting master upon those rivers. In this case, however, they would form a part of the regular Navy establishment, drawing it spay and subsistence.

I infer from your letter that such is not the object of the parties in question; but that they desire to organize in small parties to operate as independent river guerrilla parties, under their own leaders, and to look to prize-money or reward from the country for destroying enemy's property to defray expenses, &c., using an appointment from the Government to secure to them the rights of prisoners of war, if captured.

Judging from what you say that you have not the acts of Congress at hand, I inclose copies of two acts, one of which possibly serves the desired purpose.

