
agents by which the operations of the Government in respect to this department are carried on. The respective States composing the department have organized governments, and it could not have been the intention of the Secretary of War do advise the commanding general to exercise civil authority which belongs to the States, they still having officers present ready to perform their respective duties and functions.

MERRICK,

Chairman.

Committee Numbers 1 made the following report; which was, on motion, unanimously adopted:

The undersigned, to whom was referred the consideration of propositions Nos. 1, 2, and 6, have had the same under consideration, and beg leave to submit the following report:

Since the commencement of the war, the department has labored under peculiar difficulties of a very embarrassing character. It has received but a meager share of the limited supply of arms and munitions of war under control of the Government at Richmond. Many are inquiring at present as to the causes which prevented adequate supplies from being sent west of the river. It is sufficient to say that the supply of arms and ammunition in this department has never been equal to the imperative demands of the army. This was true before the fall of Vicksburg. Now, since the enemy have entire control of the Mississippi River, and have the Gulf coast effectually blockaded, and the State of Missouri overrun and governed by military power, we are completely separated from our confederates east of the river, and must abandon all hope of the imperfect and irregular supply heretofore received from the Government, and at once and entirely rely upon our resources.

Beleaguered as we are by the enemy, the general commanding this department can neither transmit reports nor receive orders regularly from the capital. Hence the safety of our people requires that he assume at once and exercise the discretion, power, and prerogatives of the President of the Confederate States and his subordinates in reference to all matters involving the defense of his department. The isolated condition and imminent peril of this department demand this policy, and will not permit delay; and we believe that all may be done without violating the spirit of the Constitution and laws of the Confederate States, and without assuming dictatorial powers.

As to the temper of our people, we are compelled to report some disaffection and disloyalty and more despondency in all the States of the department. The great mass of the people are loyal to the Government of their choice, and have full confidence in the ability and integrity of the lieutenant-general commanding this department, and we believe they have maturely and considerately determined that no greater calamity can befall them than subjugation by our submission to the Federal Government.

Your committee must refer to the resources of the several States in general terms, because they have neither the facts nor time to arrange them, nor do we deem it important to do so, as the general commanding, through his officers, can obtain more copious and accurate statistics than we can possibly give in this report. It is thought that Texas can and will put into the field from 15,000 to 20,000 men; has grain, bacon, and beef enough to feed the army and her people for at least two years; has four gun factories, making eight hundred guns per month; has metal (copper and tin) to make one hundred cannon, and gun wagons for like number completed and in course of construction; is making

