HEADQUARTERS INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp on Middle Boggy, C. N., September 11, 1863.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD, Asst. Adjt. General, Little Rock:

MAJOR: Owing to the late numerous and continued desertions from the brigade commanded by General Cabell, many of them going to the enemy, I was forced to order this brigade in the direction of Fort Smith. My reasons for thus disconnecting, temporarily at least, the brigades were twofold: First, I found the demoralization pervading that brigade to be spreading amongst the other troops in the field, especially the Indian troops, who began to lose confidence in the determination of the white troops to defend their country; and, secondly, I desired to the white troops to defend their country; and, secondly, I desired to have a supporting force within convenient distance of Fort Smith (having, as before stated, left one regiment of infantry at that post). General C. [Cabell] was ordered to fall back so as to form a junction with the forces under my command, and on this road, in the direction of my sources of supplies. On the 23rd ultimo the enemy advanced rapidly upon me, while encamped on Brookin's Creek, about 4 miles from the Canadian, with a force of two regiments of cavalry, about 3,000 infantry, and two batteries of artillery. His infantry were transported in light wagons. My own effective force not exceeding 2,000 effective men, my ammunition being so very inferior as to render it difficult to induce my men to face the advance of the enemy, and having but three pieces of artillery, viz, two mountain howitzers and one 2.25-inch rifle prairie gun, I determined not to hazard a general engagement, but to fall back in the direction of Texas, in the hope of receiving General Bankhead's re-enforcements in time to hold the enemy in check. From the point indicated to a few miles on this side of Perryville the advance kept up a vigorous pursuit. At perryville the advance kept up a vigorous pursuit. At Perryville the advance of the enemy attacked my rear guard, and were repulsed with loss, the extent of which I am not informed with any certainty; my own loss being 1 man wounded. After a very severe and toilsome march, I reached this place, where I met General Bankehad with the advance of his force. I immediately ordered General B. forward on the Fort Smith road, fearing that, as the enemy had pursued me no farther than Parryville, they would turn in the direction of Fort Smith, as I had intimated in my communication to General Cabell. On the 31st ultimo, General Cabell reports that he was attacked by General Blunt, and, after some skirmish fighting, the advance of the enemy was repulsed. During the night, General C, retired on the road to Waldron, in the direction of Lanesport. On the succeeding day he was again attacked by from 1,500 to 2,000 cavalry and six pieces of artillery. After four hours' hard fighting, according to the report of General C., the enemy was repulsed, with a loss of from 40 to 50 killed and from 100 to 150 wounded, General C.'s own loss being 5 killed, 12 wounded, and 2 missing. General C. reports about one-half the brigade as having behaved disgracefully in front of the enemy, and as being saved from an utter rout by the desperate fighting of the other half. The last heard from General C. was from Waldron. When last heard from, General Bankhead was about 15 miles from the same place. In the event General Cabell did not pass down south before General B. reached W. [Waldron], a junction of their forces has ere this been effected. In such an event, orders have been forwarded to retire their forces in this direction, on the road leading across from the Waldron to the Fort Smith and Texas road, on which I am now encamped. My chief fear now is that General C. has been forces back below the intersecting road referred to, and that he will only be able to reunite his force with

