
up, embodying such information of importance as you are enabled to gather, as also such suggestions as circumstances may warrant.

The road leading south from Waldron is exceedingly rough, and the Towson road is almost impassable, even for light vehicles; being on either of these roads, therefore, should you be forced back by superior numbers, you could only regain this command by making a very circuitous detour via Red River.

A flour train has been sent forward, but will not go farther than Gaines' Creek, unless in communication with you.

J. F. CROSBY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,

Numbers 21. September 13, 1863.

This command will move to-morrow morning at daybreak in the direction of Arkadelphia, in the usual order, General McRae being in front and Colonel Clark in rear. Reveille will sound at 3 o'clock. The baggage train of McRae's brigade will start at 4 o'clock precisely, and the other trains each will close upon the one preceding it in order. Brigade commanders will be held responsible that their trains close in at the proper time, and will give such orders to their quartermasters as will secure that object. All men physically unable to march, except those carried in the ambulances, will be sent out of camp with the baggage train of their respective brigades, and each person so sent shall be provided with a written pass from his regimental commander, in default of which he will be stopped by the advance picket, and return to his command in charge of the guard.

By order of Brigadier-General Frost:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARKADELPHIA, September 14, 1863.

General MARMADUKE:

From present indications, how long will you be able to maintain your position at Rockport?

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROCKPORT, September 14, 1863.

Major SNEAD:

No enemy in pursuit that I can hear of. Cannot say now when I will be forced from this position. Will send scouts this evening in direction of Little Rock, Pine Bluff, and Hot Springs.

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp Watie, September 15, 1863.

Brigadier General W. L. CABELL:

GENERAL: No report has been received from you since your letter of 2nd instant, from Waldron. Acting General Bankhead was near Waldron

