
on the 7th, and had so far failed to communicate with you. Your movement in the direction you have taken, instead of to Riddle's, as directed, has rendered nugatory the measures taken for your assistance. If you have not returned to join the forces under the command of yourself and Acting General Bankhead, you will move by the shortest practicable route on to the road from Fort Smith to this place or Boggy Depot. You will cause all of the ordnance stores and tools, as well as such workmen as may be with you, and belonging to the Fort Smith Depot, to be sent to Fort Washita.

Your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

[P. S.]-Your letter of the 7th just received, since writing the above.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp Watie, C. N., September 15, 1863.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: You will occupy a line from Johnson's, on the Fort Smith road, to the vicinity of Perryville, keeping out small parties for observation. Nothing is known of the movements of Generals Bankhead and Cabell, to calculate upon with sufficient certainty. Home Guards and independent companies should be encouraged to organize and prepare for the occasion when their services will be required, but it is not deemed advisable to bring them into camps at present. Should a change of camp, on account of forage, becomes necessary, the line of Gaines' Creek, or near it, may be adopted, should the relative positions of opposing forces remain as at present.

By command of Brigadier General William Steele:

J. F. CROSBY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

EDEN'S, 25 MILES WEST OF WALDRON, ON THE LINE,

September 15, 1863.

[General STEELE:]

GENERAL: I marched from Waldron yesterday to this place. I heard on Monday night that the enemy was moving down in two columns to attack me-one by the Lookout Gap road, and the other by the Waldron road. Believing that I could take both, I marched out to Lookout Gap by daylight yesterday, and waited until 2 p. m. The enemy, however, failed to make his appearance, and I am inclined to believe that he has no such purpose, and has not the force at his command. I shall leave a small party here to gather up the cattle left by the herders, and move on to Holston's to-day. I inclose latest dates from Fort Smith. Mr. Eden informs me that the Choctaws are now in council, discussing a proposition from General Blunt. He thinks there council, discussing a proposition from General Blunt. He thinks there is division among them. I shall hope to receive further instructions at Holston's or Riddle's; and am; general, your obedient servant,

SMITH P. BANKHEAD,

Acting Brigadier-General.

