
ENGINEER BUREAU, September 15, 1863.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to send, in addition to the names specified in my letter of the 20th ultimo, the following list of men, who, by the wish of the honorable Secretary of War, are to be employed in your department on the special service of destroying the enemy's property by torpedoes and similar inventions, viz: E. C. Singer, R. W. Dunn, J. R. Fretwell, and F. M. Tucker. These men should each be enlisted in and form part of an engineer company, but will, nevertheless, be employed, so far as possible, on the service specified above. When the public interests, in your judgment, require it, details of additional men may be made, either from the engineer troops or from the line, to aid them in their particular duties, and they may be furnished by the military authorities with the necessary ammunition. Their compensation will be 50 per cent. of the property destroyed by their new inventions, and all the arms and munitions captured by them by the use of torpedoes or of similar devices. Beyond this they will be entitled to such other reward as Congress may hereafter provide.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED L. RIVES,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Bureau.

[Indorsement.]

Approved:

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., September 16, 1863.

Lieutenant CHAS. M. FAUNTLEROY, C. S. Navy:

SIR: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to instruct you to proceed, with the least possible delay, to Paris, France, and carry thither the dispatches intrusted to you. You will immediately, on your arrival there, report to the Honorable John Slidell, Confederate States commissioner, and if, after the fulfillment of your mission, there be no communications to be returned, you will report for duty to the senior Confederate naval officer in Europe.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI 							DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 44. Shreveport, La., September 16, 1863.

All papers required by the Regulations of the Army to be sent to chiefs of departments at Richmond, will in future be sent to the chiefs of bureaus of the respective departments at these headquarters.

By command of Lieutenant General E. K. Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

