
forward within supporting distance of General B., taking it for granted that he has pursued my directions. As soon as I am re-enforced, as I learn I am to be, and receive the battery sent me by order of Lieutenant-General Smith, I shall push my lines as far northward as circumstances may allow. This I feel to be the more necessary, as the occupation of the country of the Indians by the enemy is having a very ill effect with them. The terms offered them by the enemy have, and will continue to have so long as they are permitted to occupy their country, the effect of desertions from us. But few of the Indians, particularly the Creeks, are of much service to us as soldiers, but, armed and equipped as they can be by our enemies, they may do us much harm.

The importance of furnishing the lieutenant-general commanding with accurate information concerning the condition of affairs in this Territory, and the difficulties of communication with district headquarters, must plead my apology for this hastily written communication.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp on Middle Boggy, C. N., September 17, 1863.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER, Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: I am directed to order you to send forward to General Bankhead a company of Choctaws acquainted with the country in which he is now operating. You will also order [L. M.] Martin's regiment forward to General Bankhead. It will not be necessary for you to watch the Fort Smith road after Colonel Martin shall have gone forward. Colonel Martin will be ordered to take what flour he can carry from Johnson's Station. More flour will be ordered from Boggy Depot to Riddle's, when the train will receive orders from General Bankhead. I inclose reports from Generals Bankehad* and Cabell,+ which please return after perusal.

By order of Brigadier-General Steele:

J. C. CROSBY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp Watie, C. N., September 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General COOPER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your note is just received. General Bankhead has had several emphatic orders forwarded to him, to confine his operations in the main to the Fort Smith and Boggy Depot road; in other words, to move his force tot hat road, at or near Riddle's. Colonel Martin is expected to meet General Bankhead at that point. If not, he will be instructed to go no farther, but to communicate with General Bankhead. After Martin goes forward (presuming that General Bankehad, in accordance with orders sent him some days since, has returned to the Fort Smith road), it is the intention of General Steele that you will give your attention to the guarding of the Parryville road, according to the dictates of your own judgment. You are at liberty, of course, to extend your lines, as previously instructed, from the Fort Smith road to the

---------------

*See p. 1016.

+Not found.

---------------

