
(as all are reported to be) to Fort Scott. I deemed it better to reduce the proportions of a hospital in such an advanced position as soon as I could with propriety do so. Shall the sick and wounded of General Herron's command be sent to Springfield or remain at Fayetteville!

With respect, I remain, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAMP MORGAN, JACKSON COUNTY, MISSOURI,

February 7, 1863.

Major- General CURTIS, U. S. Army:

SIR: The troops of your command in this section of the country are committing outrages known only to barbarians, such as the killing of innocent and defenseless men, burning houses, and banishing men, women, and children, for no other cause than being opposed to the negro-thieving policy of the Administration, and they say that it is agreeably to your orders. Now, sir, I want to know if such is the case. And if, like the other Federals, you undertake to justify such conduct, under the pretext that your troops have been bushwhacked, I will let you know that there is not a bushwhacker in this county, nor has there been since Quantrill entered the Confederate States army, though I believe it is true that there are 100, more or less, Confederate soldiers in Jackson County that are often to use Federal phraseology, "compelled" to ambuscade your troops to save their lives, as there is no disposition to show them any quarter. Further, I would ask of you to inform me whether it is tolerated by you or not, this taking of Confederate soldiers and throwing them into prison, and, when they get sick, give them poison instead of medicine. This was done at Warrensburg. Another was taken and shot at Lone Jack; this one was a hospital nurse. Now, sir, if this is permitted, I will not only hoist a black flag, as Major Foster did last summer, but I will fight under it, and show no quarter to any claiming protection under the Stars and Stripes. If this is your mode of warfare, you will please inform me, by the publication of such orders in the Republican.

S. COCKERILL,

Colonel, C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

No. 12 Saint Louis, February 7, 1863.

I. District commanders are authorized to convene military commissions, the duties, purposes, and jurisdiction of which are set forth by Major- General Halleck, in General Orders, Numbers 1, January 1, 1862. But all sentences of such commissions, extending to loss of life, banishment, confiscation of property, or imprisonment exceeding the term of thirty days, must be confirmed by the commanding general of the department (or higher authority), and no case which, by the rules and articles of mission. Hereafter no punishment such as above mentioned will be imposed by any commander within this department except by sentence of a court martial or military commission.

II. District commanders, where their commands are equal to a brigade, may also (as commanding separate brigades) convene general courts-martial. Such commanders will select a suitable officer from those under their command (a lieutenant, if possible), to be detailed

