
North Fork road, General Bankhead, however, being presumed to occupy a position in your advance on the Fort Smith road. Your special attention is called to the North Fork road. In view of speedy and frequent communication between General Bankehad and yourself, you will establish your headquarters at such point as will the more readily effect this object. Judging from such orders as have gone forward on more than one occasion to General Bankhead, there can certainly be no doubt as to Martin's joining him (General B.) on the Fort Smith road. Colonel Martin's regiment has been sent forward to General Bankhead for temporary purposes only.

By direction, &amp;c., of Brigadier-General Steele:

J. F. CROSBY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp Watie, C. N., September 17, 1863.

Acting Brigadier-General BANKHEAD,

Commanding Texas Brigade, in the Field:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 13th instant was received this morning at 9 o'clock.

Your movements, prompt action, and the judgment displayed by you adds to the confidence the commanding general had already entertained. A company of Choctaws, having a knowledge of the country in which you are operating, has been ordered to be sent to you. Colonel Martin's regiment has also been ordered forward to join you. He will carry such supplies as he may have the means of conveying. More flour will be sent up from Boggy Depot to Riddle' as speedily as possible.

You must avoid the contingency of being forced off the Boggy road (the one we are now on); to do which it will be necessary to keep a vigilant watch on the Waldron road and on the Fort Smith road as far advanced from Riddle's as your judgment may dictate. Inform yourself as thoroughly as possible with regard to the various roads leading as well from Gibson southward and eastward as from Fort Smith in this direction. General Cooper has been ordered, after sending forward Colonel Martin's regiment to you, to confine his operations to the line of the Perryville road, keeping up constant communication with you. The commanding general does not propose to make a definitive movement with the main body of his troops, or hazard a general engagement with the enemy, until the arrival of the re-enforcements and battery he is advised of being en route.

By direction of Brigadier-General Steele:

J. F. CROSBY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHERMAN, GRAYSON COUNTY, TEXAS, September 18, 1863.

Brigadier General WILLIAM STEELE, Choctaw Nation:

SIR: There have been two Caddo Indians from Fort Bent, on the Arkansas, visiting the Reserve Indians now camped on the Washita, near Fort Arbuckle. They brought messages from the Federal officer in command, and from the chiefs of all the bands which left the reserve last year, viz, that they would be down this fall, and would give the Reserve Indians protection, and would have sufficient white force to

