
he will be forced up the valley of Red River, when, by the concentration and co-operation of your force with his, the enemy may be taken in detail and a decisive blow struck for the department.

Since writing the above, the courier from Houston brings the intelligence that Franklin's corps was, on the 17th instant, lading between Sabine Pass and Galveston. This only will see by General Taylor's letter was the day on which Grant's column was crossing at Berwick's Bay. I shall be ready to come on the receipt of your telegram, but, from the movements of the enemy below, can give you no assurances regarding the length of my stay.

We must present a determined front to the enemy, and give every evidence of holding the line of the Washita. The taking down of the telegraph line between Rockport and Camden I fear is injudicious. I repeatedly telegraphed to Mr. [L. C.] Baker, the superintendent, that I did not wish it done. Its removal discourages our own people, and may cripple our future operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

BONHAM, TEX., September 21, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS:

GENERAL: I hear nothing of the troops ordered to re-enforce me. I inclose herewith copies of three letters,* which are important, as showing the effect which is being produced upon the Choctaws. These people have been the most true to the South of all the nations, and their territory is contiguous to Texas.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Sabine Pass, September 22, 1863.

Brigadier General HENRY E. MCCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Magruder to acknowledge the receipt of your several communications, and to inform you that their subject-matter has been attended to. In regard to your advancing desire that you will, if possible, combine the forces of Generals Steele, Bankhead, Cooper, and Cabell, and retake Forts Gibson and Smith, if you deem it practicable. In regard to this frontier, affairs are in statu quo, though we are momentarily expecting a renewal of the attack with an increased force of the enemy. There are still six vessels off the bar. The recent stirring events in this quarter have prevented the general from replying to your communication more at length, and he instructs me to assure you that nothing else would have caused such brevity in his replies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

