
CAMP AT ----, September 22, 1863-3 p. m.

Colonel J. C. MONROE,

Commanding General Cabell's Brigade:

SIR: I have just got in camp, after riding 75 miles since I left your camp. I got in the rear of the enemy, and learned the following, which I think reliable: That Colonel Pace is in command at Benton; that he passed down Military road to Benton last Thursday with one regiment, not exceeding 500 men; last Sunday 168 more men reached him from Little Rock; yesterday 177 men returned from Benton to Little Rock. Colonel Pace had with him three pieces of artillery and two 12-pounder mountain howitzers, small carriage; one 6-pounder rifle gun. No infantry had passed down up the this morning at 7 o'clock. The above is reliable. Colonel Pace's men informed my informant that the Fifteenth Kansas was moving to Benton on the upper Hot Springs road. My informant does not know whether it is true or not. No troops have passed to Benton on South Military road, except one company from Pace's regiment, who took Camden road at Alyff's. Other sources, not so reliable, estimate their number from 400 to 800. Colonel, if your brigade was marched in their rear by the same route I traveled, then attack them in front with the whole cavalry, the whole party could be bagged with all ease. I could capture or kill every courier sent from Benton, in case an attack is made. They are passing every day in squads of 2 to 6 men. They appear to be very happy in their quiet glory; nothing disturbs their peace. I will learn more as soon as I rest. If you send a courier to me, direct him to Thomas Crowson's for information. If you need guides, [M. H.] Grogan and others of my company will answer.

G. W. BROWN,

Captain, Commanding Scout.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 225. Richmond, September 22, 1863.

* * * *

VIII. Brigadier General T. N. Waul, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, will proceed without delay to Shreveport, La., and report to Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, for assignment to duty.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp Watie, C. N., September 23, 1863.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER, Commanding:

GENERAL: General Steele, having determined to go to department headquarters, has instructed me to devolve the command of the troops in the Indian Territory upon you until his return. General Bankhead will be notified, and directed to conform to your orders. I am also directed by General Steele to advise you of such instructions as have been given General Bankhead from these headquarters; but as you have visited the headquarters of General Bankhead, I infer that you

65 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

