
are aware of their substance. The headquarters camp will be moved to Fort Washita until General Steele's return. The forage which has been collected here will be sent forward to your headquarters by Major Cabell. The express line will be continued to your headquarters. General Steele writes hat he is in possession of information tot he effect that emissaries have been among the Reserve Indians. They were from Bent's Fort.

General Steele expects to be absent ten days. No troops are on the way to Bonham that can be heard from. General Steele is under the impression that the troops en route to this Territory were stopped, owing to a demonstration made by the enemy on the coast.

By good enough to inform me of any matter of moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. CROSBY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP AT RIDDLE'S, C. N., 50 MILES FROM FORT SMITH,

On Overland Road, September 24, 1863.

Major-General MAGRUDER:

GENERAL: I send you a copy of an official communication received from General Price's headquarters. I suppose that I am transferred now to his command. On my arrival in the Territory, I was ordered up to support General Cabell, who was falling back before a superior force of the enemy, in the direction of Red River. I interposed my troops about 30 miles north of Waldron, in Scott County, Arkansas, but found the enemy going back to Fort Smith, and Cabell going southward. I remained at Waldron until I heard from General Cabell, informing me that he was ordered to Little Rock. Returning to this point, I received the inclosed from General price, and am waiting General Steele's instructions before taking up the line of march. I regret exceedingly to leave your district, and hope yet to serve under you in the field. I received your letter inclosing the order announcing the action of General Smith appointing me brigadier, but [E. J.] Gurley is not going to respect that. He protested to General Steele against my "assumption" of the command, and is here now, but not on duty. General Steele forwarded his protest to General Smith. His course has had a bad effect on the regiment, and I am in hopes General Smith will act promptly and settle the question definitely. Gurley's course is in subordinate, and in keeping with the general conduct of Texas officers and men. I think, however, from all indications, that my command, with General Price's, will very probably be forced back to Red River. If Price could not hold Little Rock, he will probably be forced farther back.

I am, general, your friend and relative,

SMITH P. BANKHEAD,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Arkadelphia, Ark., September 18, 1863.

Actg. Brigadier General S. P. BANKHEAD, Commanding, &amp;c.:

The major-general commanding directs that until further orders you act in connection with these headquarters, and under instructions from

