
them. He desires that you remain with your command at Waldron, Ark., where you now are, unless, in your opinion, by assuming another position, you can more effectually guard all the approaches tot his place through that section of country, which he earnestly impress on you the necessity of doing so far as lies in your power.

To keep up a constant and regular communication with these headquarters, you will cause to be established a line of couriers from your headquarters to this place, and you will endeavor to keep the major-general advised of the force and movements of the enemy. General Steele's position being not yet known, you will endeavor to discover and inform the major-general commanding.

By command of Major-General Price:

GEO. A. GALLAGHER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CABELL'S BRIGADE,September 25, 1863.

General J. S. MARMADUKE,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: A couriers has just arrived from Captain [G. W.] Brown, 13 miles this side of Little Rock. He states that re-enforcements camped on the night of the 23rd at the Fourche, and, from the best information he could get, sets down the force at 1,500 cavalry and four citizens they were going to Benton, and from Benton to Arkadelphia.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. MONROE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,

Numbers 43. Arkadelphia, Ark., September 25, 1863.

I. The undersigned, having returned from Shreveport, resumes his duties as district commander, and assumes immediate command of the forces in and about this place. Major General Sterling Price will resume command of his division, and Brigadier-General Frost will resume command of his brigade.

II. The general officers of the command will assemble at these head quarters at 11 o'clock a. m. each day, when practicable, Sundays excepted. The chiefs of the staff department will also assemble at 10 o'clock a. m.

THE. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding District of Arkansas.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,

Numbers 26. Arkadelphia, September 25, 1863.

Major General Sterling Price resumes command of his division this day. Brigadier-Generals Frost and Fagan will resume command of their respective brigades.

By order of Major-General Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

