
from these headquarters and assigned to duty at the headquarters of the district as judge advocate.

III. It will be the duty of the district judge-advocate to revise charges and specifications, and see that they are technically correct before submitting them for trial to a general court martial or military commission, and to draw up proper charges and specifications for trial in any case that may be submitted to him by his commanding officer. He will also report by letter, and from time to time, as circumstances seem to require, for instructions to the judge advocate at these headquarters.

IV. Commanding officers and provost marshals will make it a special duty to ascertain, as far as possible, all cases of violations of the rules and articles of war, and of the laws of war, in their respective districts or sections, such as of spies, disloyal persons, guerrillas, and individuals that have violated oaths of allegiance or paroles (in case there be such), and will report them to the commanding officer of the district, who will cause their arrest, imprisonment, and trial, as hereinbefore set forth. It is believed that a great number of persons within our lines are carrying on treasonable correspondence with the enemy, rendering him all the aid and comfort in their power, and themselves amenable to the articles of war as spies. Doubtless, also, numerous regularly employed spies of the enemy frequent our camps and cities. Such persons, whether male or female, old or young, will be brought to trial, and the strict severity of military law administered as soon as practicable.

V. As the rebel forces retire and civil authority resumes its proper functions, many offenses that are both military and civil, but the right to a more summary proceeding by military power cannot be relinquished during a state of war.

By command of Major- General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,

Helena, February 8, 1863.

The President of the United State, Secretary of War, and all the general officers of the army having issued orders against straggling, plundering, and marauding, and affixed to such offenses the penalty of death, therefore notice is given to this command that any soldier that straggles from his camp, or enters a private dwelling, or takes property belonging to a citizen, will be tried on the spot by a drum-head courtmartial, and its sentence be immediately carried into effect. The general commanding will not allow his troops to suffer while the citizens around them have plenty. He intends that, when necessary, they shall live off of the country, but that what they need shall be taken by proper officers, and vouchers for it given, to be paid upon proof of the loyalty of the owner.

This policy will make it an object for citizens to be loyal, and convince them that the Government intends only the suppression of rebellion and the restoration of order.

The commanding officer of the expedition to Yazoo Pass will have this order read to his command.

By order of Brigadier- General Gorman:

J. W. GORMAN,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

