
enemy. My letter from Arkadelphia* to the President is open; you can read, take notes, and seal up the envelope. A clear exposition of our affairs and the wants of the department can be got from the two letters. I may have made a gloomy picture, but believe have presented facts in their true light. The misunderstanding between Price and Holmes is greater than I imagine, nor do I believe they can serve long together. Whilst I respect and love General Holmes for his unselfish patriotism and purity of heart, I believe the public interests would be advanced by removing him to a command east of the river, and by sending Buckner with rank to command Price. If you agree with me, you can urge this upon the President, and I will write also and will inform General Holmes of my course and belief in the matter.

Mr. Pinson, who conducted Captain Lynch, with my dispatches to the President, safely within General Hardee's lines, has returned. I inclose you notes send back by Captain Lunch relative to Pinson.+ He may be of assistance to you, and will await you here, or will meet you, on any day fixed, at Vernon, Jackson Parish, or any other point you may determine upon. Can you not come this way? Answer me by return courier, who will receive and deliver your answer.

I am, colonel, sincerely, yours,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., October 2, 1863.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: On arrival I find affairs in Northern District of Texas involving difficulties beyond my expectation. Some 2,500 or 2,800 deserters, with arms, have collected in that country, and Bankhead's force is ordered there to prevent their organization being perfected.

Respectfully,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.

[HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,]

Shreveport, La., October 2, 1863.

General T. H. HOLMES,

Arkadelphia:

Lieutenant-General Smith directs that your order Acting Brigadier-General Bankhead to proceed forthwith his brigade to Bonham, Tex., and report to Brigadier-General McCulloch.

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHREVEPORT, LA., October 2, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I left General Steele's headquarters in the Indian Territory about the 15th ultimo, and arrived at this place on the 30th. My purpose

---------------

*See that of September 28, p. 1028.

+Not found.

---------------

