
in coming was to consult with General Smith in regard to Indian affairs. I shall visit the Choctaws again, which circumstances have rendered necessary, and then (about the 15th instant) will set out for Richmond.

Since July last, when I first reached the Territory, I have remained within its limits, engaged in the discharge of my official duties, except when visiting General Smith.

I regret to state that the Cherokee country is wholly in the possession of the enemy, and raids have been made by the into the Creek and Choctaw countries. Some dissatisfaction and despondency exist among the people of those Nations, but I have heard of no instances of disaffection. General Smith fully appreciates the importance of defending the Indian country, and is giving the Indians all the assistance and encouragement in his power. I have received no communication from the War Department since I left Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. SCOTT,

Commissioner of Indian Affairs.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., October 3, 1863.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

MY DEAR SIR: My letter of July 14 covers many of the point adverted to in your communication of September 11. Measures have been agreed upon with the Secretaries of War, the Treasury, and the Navy which, it is believed, will relieve your financial difficulties, and enable the draughts upon the several departments to be met.

The Secretary of War will write you fully with respect to the measures adopted to obviate the inconveniences to your military administration growing out of the difficulties of communication between your department and Richmond.

I have been gratified too perceive the evidences of the harmonious and cordial relations existing between yourself and the Governors of the Trans-Mississippi States, and appreciate the steps you have taken to promote this friendly feeling.

With best wishes for your health and successful execution of your difficult duties, I am, very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

OCTOBER [4?], 1863.

General J. S. MARMADUKE, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I dislike very much to begin, at the commencement of our connection with you, with complaints; but justice to the men under my command demands that I should clear them of the obloquy cast upon them, and prevent them from being imposed upon. Accusations have been made, or insinuated, at headquarters, that the Twenty-first Regiment has been shirking service and trying to get away to Texas; that we were committing extraordinary depredations on private property, &amp;c.

While we have been called on for details for more men than were fit for duty in the camps, we were picketing the Arkansas River at the time of the fall of Little Rock, with headquarters 20 miles below the Rock. We were left there without orders, when the army retreated, with

