
the distribution of your forces, much is left to your knowledge of the country and the habits of the hostile Indians depredating on the frontier. You will put yourself as early as possible in communication with the commanders of the minute companies referred to, and organize your force as rapidly as circumstances will admit.

By direction of Brigadier-General Steele:

J. F. CROSBY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp on Blue, C. N., October 9, 1863.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER, Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: General Steele directs that your order Colonel Martin to proceed with his regiment (Fifth Texas Parisan Rangers) to Bonham, Tex., where he will report to Brigadier-General McCulloch, commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas. The exigencies of the service require the use of these troops temporarily in that district.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

J. F. CROSBY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp Magruder, near Perryville, October 9, 1863.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your letter, dated September 1, 1863, relative to the question of rank between General Steele and myself, informing me that if I have not my commission it will be necessary to obtain it from Richmond, and, when forwarded to you, the question of rank will be determined and the senior assigned to command. I believe that in my former letter, inclosing copy of order from the Secretary of War assigning me to duty as Superintendent of Indian Affairs, you were informed that I had not received the commission. I also inclosed statements from Captain [J. D.] McCamant and Captain [W. H.] Wooten that about the middle of September, 1862, General Pike told them on Red River that I was appointed; that Captain [T. J.] Mackey, a member of his staff, heard the President say so, and that he saw the commission made out at the War Department. Honorable S. S. Scott, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, stated to me that he left Richmond on the 15th of August, 1862, and that Captain Mackey left that city prior to that date. General Steele's letter, which I forwarded, states that his letter of appointment bears date of 11th of September, 1862. It is, therefore, certain that I am General Steele's senior. I also stated to General Price, and requested the papers to be forwarded to you, that I had submitted to what I deemed a wrong, with the hope that the interests of the country would be advanced thereby, but having become satisfied such would not be the case, I insisted on my right of precedence. I did not, and do not, disparage General Steele's merits, and founded my opinion on what I saw after he took the field. His want of acquaintance with the people and the topography of the country satisfied me that his administration of affairs would be a failure. Subsequent events have,

