
instead of inspiring the thought or reconciling the feeling to submission, only fire their hearts with indignation and nerve them to sterner and undying resistance. The first effort of invasion, I am happy to see, has been most gloriously repelled at the Sabine Pass, and the expedition has returned, foiled and dismayed, to New Orleans.

The glorious victory recently obtained by our arms at Chickamagua, together with the further movements of our armies on this side of the Mississippi, will in all probability cause great diversion from the contemplated invasion of your department; and there is reason to believe that already large portions of the forces designed for the Trans-Mississippi have already been recalled and are being hurried to the rescue of Rosecrans.

With the favorable augury, inspired by the brilliant stroke at the Sabine Pass and the consequent encouragement of your people, and the lessening of the forces meant to overwhelm you with superior numbers, the confident hope is indulged that, through the blessing of a just God, under your skillful guidance, the formidable invasion of our insolent fores in your department may be hurled back with dire loss to them, and that at no distant day you may be prepared to retaliate by advancing to the rescue of the gallant Missourians from their present frightful tyranny.

With esteem, very truly, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN DEPARTMENT,Camp on Blue, October 10, 1863.

Brigadier General HENRY E. MCCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas:

GENERAL: Your letters in regard to the disposition of Colonel Bourland's command, the movements of Colonel Martin's regiment, and the arrest of Captain [J. D.] Young, were received per yesterday's express. Colonel Martin has been ordered to report to you with his regiment without delay. A special courier has been dispatched to Colonel Bourland, informing him that the troops in the counties indicated would be placed under his command, advising him (Colonel B.) to place himself in communication with the commanders of the minute companies, &amp;c. I have charged Colonel Bourland specially with the protection of the frontier on the line upon which he is now operating. Much has bee necessarily deferred to Colonel B.'s knowledge of the country and habits of the Indians who depredate upon that section of Texas. You are mistaken in regard to the commands a company in Colonel Martin's regiment, and will thus be within your jurisdiction very soon. I have not thought it prudent to give notoriety to the order of arrest.

Very respectfully, &c.,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

SIX MILES WEST OF TULIP, ON THE MIDDLE ROAD,

October 11, 1863.

Major HENRY EWING, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The enemy drove us from Tulip this morning about 4 o'clock. I have not yet ascertained their force; they have artillery. If forced

