
to fall back from this position, I will retire on the lower Arkadelphia road. I have but 200 men with me. I had about 70 men on picket and scout in the direction of Pine Bluff that have not yet come in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARCH. S. DOBBIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS,Jones' Plantation, on the Arkadelphia and Trenton Road,

October 11, 1863.

Captain C. C. RAINWATER,

Chief of Ordnance, Marmaduke's Division:

CAPTAIN: The colonel commanding directs me to say that Colonel Dobbin, after falling back to this place, pursuant to orders from headquarters to report in person, turned the command over to me.

The latest intelligence from the Federals at Tulip is that about sunrise they fell back, though the information is not very definite. They moved off on the Little Rock road. I am expecting momentarily information from my scouts.

By command of Colonel R. C. Newton, commanding brigade:

W. O. PEPPER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Jones' Plantation, October 12, 1863-4 p. m.

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: Colonel [Robert R.] Lawther has just arrived, and delivered me your order of this date, directing me to move to Arkadelphia with my whole command. My wagons are in the country after forage, and it is so far advance in the day that I could not very well move before dark. I will move at daylight in the morning, and be at Arkadelphia early in the day to-morrow. I send Lieutenant [G. D.] Worley forward this evening, in obedience to instructions, to learn the camp of the brigade.

Very respectfully,

R. C. NEWTON,

Colonel, &c.
HEADQUARTERS,Jones' Plantation, October 12, 1863.

Captain C. C. RAINWATER,

Chief of Ordnance, Marmaduke's Division:

CAPTAIN: The colonel commanding directs me to say that the information received from scouts is that "the Federals have evacuated Tulip, one regiment going to Benton and the other to Pine Bluff."

By command of Colonel R. C. Newton, commanding brigade:

W. O. PEPPER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

