
comply with his instructions to me, if you can see that it is at all practicable to spare these troops from your command. I fear that the force that General Magruder has below will not be able to meet the enemy successfully, and if it is possible to spare them any help, it should be done.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. MCCULLOCH,

Brigadier General, Commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp Brazil, October 24, 1863.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Adjutant-General of the Trans-Mississippi Department:

COLONEL: I yesterday overtook the troops of Cooper's and Bankhead's brigades at this place, General Cooper having moved the whole from a point west of the North Fork road to this place, after he knew of my return from Shreveport, with the apparent intention of attacking Fort Smith. As to whether or not it was his real intention to make the attack, I am in doubt. The movement has placed me in a situation of much embarrassment. Both brigades, General Cooper reports, will number about 3,000, of which number about 500 are without arms, leaving an effective force of 2,500 men, of which more than one-half are Indians without drill or discipline, and armed with all kinds of guns. The force of the enemy in and about Fort Smith is not less than 2,200, well armed and equipped. All, with the exception of the negro regiment, are white troops, most of whom have seen service. They have also more and better artillery than I have. To make an attack under these circumstances does not appear to promise good results. A defeat would open the whole road to Red River. On the contrary, the troops are expecting a fight, and it would undoubtedly have a bad effect upon them to retire; especially would it dishearten the Indians. The statement of the enemy comes from persons well known, who have from necessity been driven out of Fort Smith. Their information is in detail, giving names of regiments, strength, &amp;c., some of which they had counted while marching to and from parade. I have no doubt of its truth. They also say that Marmaduke had caused some commotion by coming as high up the Arkansas as Dover.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Numbers 172. Shreveport, La., October 24, 1863.

* * * *

V. Brigadier General R. M. Gano, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, will proceed to the headquarters of the District of the Indian Territory, and report to Brigadier General William Steele, commanding, &c., for assignment to duty.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

