
deficiency of $997. His expenditures, and those of his subordinate quartermasters, made by his direction, are, I think, extravagant. There has been no schedule of prices established, it is true, for the Indian Territory, as has been done in Arkansas and Texas, but the schedule of these two States fixes the price on different articles of produce at, in many instances, less than half that paid by quartermasters in the Indian Territory. General Steele and Major Cabell are of the opinion that impressment is not allowable in the Territory. I am unable to find anything in War Department orders, the treaty, or the intercourse law which makes an exception in favor of these people. On the contrary, the intercourse law prescribes that the "Congress of the Confederate States shall the impressment act no exception nor exemption is made. I beg leave to call the attention of the lieutenant-general commanding to these facts, and to respectfully recommend that some order be issued which shall determine the matter of the relationship in this respect existing between the Confederate States and the Indian Territory.

The troops of General Cooper's brigade are poorly clad, and unless some provision is made for them in this particular these will be much suffering among them this winter. They give as an excuse for their ignorance of drill that they have few or no officers among them capable of instructing them. I respectfully recommend that selections be made from among the officers on this side of the Mississippi who belong to commands in the East, and that they be ordered to report to General Cooper as drill-masters.

The chief commissary of subsistence is directed to make requisition on Major Lanigan for beef. These requisitions are filled from beeves purchased in and driven from Texas. This is a drain on the country which may become our only field of supplies. The beeves when driven several hundred miles are not so good as those on the native range in the Indian Territory, and which can be purchased at, at least, as low rate as in Texas. I consider it advisable to consume supplies in the country occupied as our frontier, and which we may be forced to abandon, reserving those in our rear for future use. There are many beeves in the country intervening between our lines and the enemy. General Cooper assures me that, if permitted to buy or take them, he could readily procure them by sending out small foraging parties for that purpose. The cattle in the country belong to the soldiers. Whenever a retrograde movement commences, these men go home to endeavor to gather together their stock and drive it to the rear. Thus the command is greatly diminished in numbers. If the Government purchased these cattle, the men would have no excuse nor desire to go home, and would remain with their regiments.

I forward herewith a condensed report in tabular form*

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. SCHAUMBURG,

Major and Assistant Inspector-General, Trans-Mississippi Dept.
HDQRS. TRANS-MISS. DEPT., Shreveport, La., October 28, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I send Lieutenant Colonel R. A. Duncan to you for the purpose of procuring arms for the Trans-Mississippi Department, and ask that you

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

