
at this late season with the intention of opening the campaign; they may be acting in connection with General Banks, and, by their movements in Arkansas, intend to prevent re-enforcements going to General Taylor. They will not attempt an advance beyond the Little Missouri if they find you in force on their front and any opposition is made to them. The first heavy rain will arrest any movement, and make their position critical. The question of supplies is more serious that they anticipate. Should you fall back, everything in the shape of supplies and transportation should be destroyed or removed, leaving only what is absolutely necessary in the hands of the people. Our own depots, if now withdrawn, should be entirely destroyed. I inclose you copy of the dispatch sent you in reply to yours. Keep me informed of all the enemy's movements, and, if necessary, I will join you. The enemy's operations in Louisiana make my stay at this point as long as possible desirable. General Taylor has successfully contested the enemy's advance; he has been daily skirmishing, averaging 20 prisoners. They have halted at Barres' Landing, the junction of the Teche and Cortableau, a position which still leaves their line of operations undetermined.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. PRICE'S DIVISION,Camp Bragg, November 1, 1863.

Major [L. A.] CAMPBELL,

Commanding Cavalry:

You will report without delay with your command to Brigadier-General Marmaduke, at or near Munn's Mill.

By order of Major-General Price:

[L. A.] MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp Hardeman, November 1, 1863.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: I shall to-morrow withdraw the Texas brigade to the rear for clothing and other supplies. You will dispose of your brigade in such a manner as to enable you to continue the system of annoyance now carried on by the Choctaws, harassing the enemy without risking an engagement of your whole force. You will keep me advised of any movements the enemy may make, in time, if possible (should he move south), to place Gano's brigade in his front. My opinion is that if any movement is made in the direction of Red River this winter, it will be by the Line road; it will be necessary to watch from a movement on that road. It is hoped that, by withdrawing a portion of the troops, a supply may be accumulated at different points for your future operations.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 2, 1863.

Brigadier General WILLIAM STEELE:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Smith directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 16th of October, 1863, inclosing

