
letter of Colonel Martin, and in reply to say he deems it best to organize the Indians of your command into two brigades, under Cooper and Stand Watie, respectively. The whites should form a separate and distinct brigade, and ought not to be associated with or put under the command of Indians. He further directs me to say that, after this arrangement is effected, he will send a brigade commander for the whites, to report to you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,Camp Bragg, November 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General FAGAN:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Price to give you the purport of dispatches received this morning from the outposts.

Captain [William] Woodson reports the enemy at Arkadelphia, 4,000 strong, with three four-gun batteries; that they are making a demonstration on Washington, with a view to draw off our forces from Camden, that they may occupy the latter place with their infantry.

General Marmaduke, who was at Munn's Mill, for want of forage moves on toward Little Missouri, and will stretch his command farther west.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[L. A.] MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp on Sugar Loaf Creek, November 2, 1863.

Captain W. H. WOOTEN,

Acting Quartermaster, Boggy Depot:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding directs that you make immediate arrangements to place upon the road from Boggy to Riddle's a supply of forage for General Gano's brigade, now en route in that direction. The command will number about 2,000 animals. Have the forage placed at convenient distances for day's marches. Also have a supply at your depot for at least three days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. CLINE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 4, 1863.

His Excellency H. FLANAGIN,

Governor of Arkansas:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 30th ultimo, asking arms, ammunition, and tents for your State troops. I much regret to say that I am unable to furnish you any arms at present, the capture of two vessels with their cargoes of arms and ammunition by the French having thwarted all my plans for supplying the troops. General Magruder reports 7,000 men in Confederate

