
service in Texas unarmed. By the utmost exertion I have not been able to arm them. I can give you ammunition of all kinds, and have directed issues on Major Sale's requisition. The tents I am unable to supply just now, but I hope soon to be able to let you have some, at least, as some are making by the clothing bureau.

Regretting, sir, very much that I cannot give a more satisfactory answer to your communication, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,Camp Bragg, November 4, 1863.

Major J. P. JOHNSON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General:

I am directed by Major-General Price to state to you that several of the regiments of Missouri infantry now in the Confederate States service are known by the same number, thus creating great confusion in designating them. The mistake arose from the fact that some were numbered here in accordance with the dates of their organizations, while others were numbered in Richmond, in the order their muster-rolls were received there. Nothing short of a special order from the War Department can correct the evil satisfactorily to all parties. I give you a table showing the dates of said organization, which will enable the Adjutant and Inspector General to have both data to govern him. He can choose either to guide him, but action is respectfully requested. The Adjutant and Inspector General has already been addressed on the subject by General Price, but without eliciting any reply.

List.-Jackman's regiment (Caldwell), now Lewis', was organized August 31, 1862; Hunter's, now Burns', September 15, 1862; White's, October 22, 1862; Steen's, now Pickett's, November 10, 1862; Clark's, November 16, 1862, and Mitchell's, January 23, 1863.

The battalions it is always best to designate by their commanders, as, if numbered, they will conflict either with a number of some regiment or their own number when augmented to a regiment.

It is well to remark that there are now six regiments of Missouri infantry east of the Mississippi, numbered, respectively, First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth, all having entered the Confederate service prior to the above, well identified with their numbers. These, and the list above given, are all the regiments of infantry now in the service from the State of Missouri, unless there may have been some organization in Richmond, of returned prisoners, not known here.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[L. A.] MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., November 5, 1863.

Colonel B. F. DANLEY,

Commanding Conscripts, District of Arkansas:

COLONEL: I am in receipt of your note of the 2nd instant, and in reply thereto have to inform you that Lieutenant-General Holmes has been

67 R-VOL XXII, PT II

