
condition, and I hope in my consolidated report to be able to report this arm of the service as efficient in every particular. Small-arm ammunition is needed, especially percussion caps. Other kinds of ammunition are being made in the department, but I don't believe in sufficient quantities to supply the wants.

The troops have not been paid since the 30th of April last, nor are there funds here to pay them. The Treasury Department has sent over to this department drafts on the Treasury at Richmond for sums so large that they are of no use, the smallest amount being for over $700,000. Other drafts have sent on the treasurer at Shreveport for large amounts (some $15,000,000), but, as the treasurer has no funds, it is impossible to make any of the drafts available.

I would respectfully recommend that Lieutenant-General Smith be given power to borrow money here, to be paid in interest-bearing bonds of the Confederate States. I believe a considerable amount can be obtained in this way.

It would also seem to me it would be well to have reissued the notes that have been funded at the depositories in the department. Money sent from Richmond to the department should be, I think, unsigned, and with such other marks as would make it worthless, if captured.

I shall proceed with my inspection as fast as a thorough investigation will permit.

Trusting that you may be able to obtain some information from this report, and that I shall be able to advance somewhat our cause in this department, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. JOHNSON,

Asst. Adjt. and Inspector General, Trans-Mississippi Department.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 30, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, in the hope that some measures may be adopted to procure drafts in reasonable amounts for the payments in the Trans-Mississippi Department.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HDQRS. TRANS-MISS. DEPT., Shreveport, La., November 7, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,Secretary of War:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of October 3. I know that the appointing power cannot be delegated by the President, but, under the peculiar circumstances of our situation in this department, I believe the public interests require that appointments provided for by law should be acted on here, subject always to the approval of the appointing power at the seat of Government. Under this head, besides promotions, elections, and examinations, are included brigade and regimental staff officers. These officers are provided for by law; are appointed on the recommendation of the regimental and brigade commanders, and, if disbursing officers, their being appointed and bonded is materially necessary to the efficiency of their commands. Believing that I was acting within the spirit of my instructions, I have since the organization of the quartermaster's and commissary bureaus been appointing and receiving the bonds of regimental and brigade disbursing officers. Inclosed is a copy of the form used,* which, after being

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

