
Immediately after an engagement, commanding officers are required to forward direct to the intelligence office, without waiting until their official reports can be made, a list of the casualties in their commands; giving, in addition to the name, the rank, company, and regiment, and the nature of the wound.

Upon application by Mr. Thomas, accompanied by surgeon's certificate of disability for field service, the requisite number of men will be detailed for clerks in the army intelligence office.

The quartermaster's and subsistence departments will furnish to Mr. Thomas, upon his requisition, such supplies as may be necessary.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 54. Shreveport, La., November 13, 1863.

I. All officers in the Trans-Mississippi Department whose commands are east of the Mississippi River, unless on duty under orders from department or district headquarters, will join their respective commands forthwith.

II. District commanders will, in their respective districts, relieve all officers belonging to commands east of the Mississippi whose services can possibly be dispensed with, and order them to join their proper commands without delay, reporting their names to these headquarters, and also the names of those retained, together with the nature of the services in which they are engaged.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, November 14, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

The arms, say, twenty five thousand, to be sent to the Trans-Mississippi Department, of which you have been advised, are now going forward. I must ask you to carefully consider the manner, time, and place of crossing the Mississippi, and to confer with General Smith, so that he may be fully advised, and provide for their protection after they reach the west side of the river. It would seem to me best that the arms should be sent in lost, and cross the river at several points, but simultaneously. Deserted houses will furnish material for the construction of ferry-boats. If you have an adequate force in the delta of the Yazoo, several points in that section may be found less hazardous than those below Vicksburg, but of this you must judge from the latest information possessed.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

MURFREESBOROUGH,

November 14, 1863-3.30 p.m.

Colonel [COLTON] GREENE,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: I have four scouts out looking for the enemy. Have not heard anything of importance since my last dispatch to General Marmaduke. One of Monroe's men reports that there were 200 Federals on the Chiney road, 12 miles north of this place, yesterday evening.

