
There are rifles, shot guns, and pistols here that can be used if we have the powder and lead. We have a small cannon here that we expect to use as a signal to call in our forces if needed, provided we get powder.

F. W. JOHNSON,

Captain Clarke County Union Guard.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL

OF THE IOWA AND MISSOURI BORDER,

Keokuk, Iowa, February 10, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

GENERAL: This will be handed you by C. E. Snow, esq., with whom you are acquainted.

Mr. Snow has for four months past been discharging the duties of provost marshal for Wapello County, and reporting to me.

The termini of two railroads being in that county, it is a kind of center for deserters, rebels, and contraband trade.

Mr. Snow's labors have been arduous and valuable. I deem it fortunate to have obtained the services of so good a man at that point. He can give you reliable information of the state of things along a considerable extent of the border. Mr. Gallagher, when he returns to Saint Louis, will confer with you in reference to the same matter.

I am, most respectfully and truly, yours,

J. M. HIATT,

Provost- Marshal- General,&amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 11, 1863.

Major General H. HALLECK,

General-in Chief, Washington:

GENERAL: Your telegraphic dispatch of yesterday, saying you are informed the "most of the rebel force have left Arkansas to concentrate on Vicksburg and Port Hudson, and that as many as 10,000 more men can be safely sent from your department against Vicksburg," is received.

My information, direct from Batesville, is that Holmes, Hindman, and Marmaduke are in the neighborhood of Little Rock, Marmaduke being on the south side of White River. It seems to me almost impossible for Holmes and Hindman to get through to the Mississippi at this centrated than formerly. If this be so, they must have at least 30,000 or 40,000 troops, while my forces, under Davidson and Schofield, are about 20,000 available, movable force. Davidson's force is near West Plains and Schofield's near Crane Creek, each extending down into Arkansas. These two forces can move so as to check raids into Northern Arkansas, and repress insurrections feared in Missouri. In my judgment they should be retained till gunboats can permanently assist in holding White River and Arkansas, when they should move down nearer the Arkansas, driving and holding the enemy below that river. If, however, the Arkansas troops have, as you suppose, gone to Vicksburg, Davidson's force can be moved to Saint Genevieve in about twelve days, and it will take ten days more to get them to Vicksburg. Snow, rains, and high waters make it very difficult to move, but I try to have

