
submitted, at my request, by Dr. S. A. Smith, upon the financial embarrassment of this department.*

After careful examination and thought, I feel convinced that only a partial and temporary relief will be obtained by the adoption of any plan other than the establishment of a branch bureau of the Treasury Department west of the Mississippi. The transmittal of funds, now difficult and uncertain, may at any moment become impracticable.

The settlement of the accounts of deceased soldiers is necessary demanded by their suffering and indigent families. The accumulation of moneyed papers is an evil each day growing more unjust and embarrassing to disbursing officers. These and other evils would all be remedied by the establishment here of the bureau of the Treasury Department. I would respectfully bring this subject to the consideration of Your Excellency, and request that the coming Congress be recommended to legislate for the wants of the people and department in this matter.

Should it be deemed advisable to place a citizen of this department at the head of the bureau, I know no one who, from his standing in the community, his financial and administrative abilities, and his integrity of character, would be better fitted than Dr. S. A. Smith, of Alexandria, La.

I have the honor to be, within highest respect and esteem, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp Sabine, November 15, 1863.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Upon your report (weekly) of November 8 instant, I observe that Colonel Martin's regiment is still reported as part of your brigade, absent at Bonham, Tex. The general commanding instructs me to say that you will drop Colonel Martin's regiment from your reports.

I have the honor to be, &c., very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. G. DUVAL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION, November 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General MARMADUKE,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Price to acknowledge the receipt of your two dispatches of the 15th instant, and to say to you that, while he will expect and be glad to receive your reports of your own movements and that of the enemy, he declines giving any instructions, as the absence of General Holmes is a mere rumor, not having been officially announced to him. Should an exigency arise, requiring immediate action, he will not hesitate to regard the rumor as true, and assume command of the district. Meantime he will be pleased to hear from you as often as you may deem necessary.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

[L. A.] MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

