
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 56. Shreveport, La., November 16, 1863.

All quartermaster's stores, clothing, camp and garrison equipage, or material for manufacturing the same, received at any point upon the Rio Grande, or through the Gulf ports of this department, will, until further orders, be distributed as follows:

For the troops of the District of Arkansas, Indian Territory, and Northern Sub-District of Texas, four-tenths. Depots at Bonham and Jefferson, Tex.

For the troops of the District of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, except the Northern Sub-District of Texas, two-tenths. Depots at San Antonio and Houston.

For the troops of the District of Western Louisiana, three-tenths. Depot of Shreveport, La.

For the department at large, one-tenth. Depot in charge of Major W. H. Haynes, quartermaster and chief of clothing bureau, at department headquarters.

All officers receiving quartermaster's stores, clothing, camp and garrison equipage, or material thereof, at any of the points designated, are directed to report at once to these headquarters the amount of each article received, and will forward the stores without delay to the depots herein mentioned. The officers in charge at the issuing depots will report each arrival of stores, in anticipation of requisitions, prepare them for issue to the troops.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 57. Shreveport, La., November 18, 1863.

I. The great abuse of authority by officers, in impressing wagons, teams, &amp;c., belonging to persons changing their homes, and the annoyance arising therefrom, demands the most stringent orders on the subject and their rigid enforcement.

Hereafter refugees, with their property, must not be interfered with or molested, in any manner whatever, until they have acquired a home.

Any violation of this order by an officer or agent of the Government will subject the offender to arraignment before, and trial by, a general court-martial.

II. Captain P. H. Thomson, assistant adjutant-general, is hereby assigned to duty at department headquarters.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., November 19, 1863.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge yours of September 20, and have noted your remarks on the condition of your department and its necessities. The Treasury Department long since sent out agents with authority and the requisite machinery to effect the ends which you desire in that regard. They were sent by sea, and encountered delay, but it is hoped they have since arrived, and will relieve you of the embarrassments mentioned in regard to finance operations. I have

