
had deserted from their commands. They mixed among these outlaws freely, and they, thinking that Captain Quantrill himself was not loyal to our Government, fully disclosed their condition and plans. Captain Quantrill thinks that in giving themselves up to you it has been simply their purpose to get arms and ammunition, of which they were in need, so that in the spring they can go north. This they are resolved to do. It is the opinion of the commanding general that these men are unreliable and should be trusted in nothing. He disapproves of your agreement with them, and thereby relieves you from all responsibility as to its fulfillment. The concession to them of the privilege of serving where they are, would increase the number of deserters and greatly demoralize the troops in the commands from which they have deserted. He therefore directs that all those who have already given themselves up be sent to their commands immediately. The horses of such as do not belong to the cavalry will be purchased for the Government in accordance with General Orders, Nos.37 and 53, from Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond. The horses of those who hereafter give themselves up, voluntarily, shall be similarly disposed of. The lieutenant-general commanding thinks that the only thing to be done now is to go vigorously to work and kill or capture all those who refuse to come in. The commanding general thinks the ringleaders should have no quarter.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Doaksville, C. N., November 19, 1863.

Brigadier General R. M. GANO,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge receipt for your communication of the 13th instant, written from this place, and to say in reply that he fully approved of your movement east to Shawneetown. In regard to furloughing the men, as suggested in your letter, the commanding general can take no action until he hears more definitely and fully of the intentions of the enemy, and in this connection he directs that you push forward a heavy scout in the direction of Fort Smith, with instructions to ascertain positively where the enemy is and what he is doing. Various reports have reached these headquarters, through unofficial channels, one rumor placing him at Waldron, another at Dallas, in Polk County, Arkansas, &c. He also desires that you place yourself in communication with the partisan force of Fitzwilliams, now operating somewhere in Polk or Sebastian Counties. There may be other companies of the same character as Fitzwilliams' in that country, whom it would be well to communicate with, they being generally in possession of the latest and most reliable information. The general commanding has ordered that five hundred suits of clothing be laid aside at Fort Washita for the use of De Morse's regiment and Howell's battery, and he wishes you to send forward transportation to that place for it, if you can spare the requisite amount. I would respectfully call your attention, general, to the necessity of sending to these headquarters a field return of the strength and condition of your brigade, at least every two days, as required by existing orders.

Very respectfully,

B. G. DUVAL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

68 R-VOL XXII, PT II

