HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Doaksville, C. N., November 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General GANO,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Your two communications of the 20th and 21st have been received. In regard to making a strike at the enemy, as suggested in your letter, the general commanding directs me to say that he wishes you to exercise, in a great measure, your own discretion, and avail yourself of any opportunity which you may consider a sure one of giving him a blow. The subject of supplying the unarmed men of your brigade with guns has already received the attention of General Steele. There is a lot of arms now on the way from Shreveport, which I presume will be here shortly. The invoices have already been received. The general commanding is using every exertion to obtain iron for shoes, &amp;c., but he is unable to say yet how he will succeed. There is a great scarcity of iron all through the district. From present appearances the headquarters of the district will most likely be at this place for some time to come. You will be promptly informed of any change.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. G. DUVAL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Doaksville, November 23, 1863.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Adjutant-General, Trans-Mississippi Department:

COLONEL: I have received intelligence that the enemy at Fort Smith has been further re-enforced, and that General Blunt is again in command, and that another force was pursuing Colonel Brooks farther down the Arkansas River. There is now in that command certainly the Second and Sixth Kansas, First and Second Arkansas, and Third Wisconsin Cavalry Regiments; the Thirteenth Kansas, First Arkansas, and part of the Second, the Colorado, the Eighteenth Iowa, and tow negro regiments, and some Indian troops, of infantry, with several batteries. Should these troops, or even the cavalry portion of them, move down the nearest road to Red River, there is no force to resist them, except Gano's brigade, of little over 1,000 men, with Howell's and Krumbhaar's batteries. The Indian brigade is scattered over the whole country.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Indian Territory.

DOAKSVILLE, C. N., November 23, 1863.

Brigadier General HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District:

GENERAL: I have received intelligence of the arrival of further re-enforcements at Fort Smith, with, it is said, Blunt in command. If such is the case, we shall in all probability hear from him soon. I would urge that all the troops you have be assembled in Red River County, in readiness to resist an invasion or a raid. They have already pushed forward a strong advance as far as Waldron, and smaller parties

