
so sent, appears to me to strike at the root of all discipline. I must enter my earnest protest against such proceedings. Captain Heiston came to my headquarters, but said nothing of his orders to go to headquarters Trans-Mississippi Department, or he would have been sent back. I inclose herewith copy of the first estimate for clothing which I have received from General Cooper's brigade.* You will observe that it is for over 6,000 men, which is much more than the number which he has had together at any time. I get to reports from that brigade except the tri-monthly field report and an occasional ordnance report; from the quartermaster and commissary no reports have been received. It appears to be General Cooper's wish to give the Indians all the pay and allowance they would be entitled to if they were regular troops and remained at their posts, and give them all the latitude of the most irregular troops. The following extracts from letters lately received will show that the clothing is to be used to coax the Indians together, and that a great cause of complaint is my having, before turning everything over to the Indians, set aside five hundred suits of gray clothing for De Morse's regiment and Howell's battery.

Extract from General Cooper's letter of November 18:

The two Creek regiments, together with the Chickasaw battalion, according to my instructions, have reported to Colonel Stand Watie; but as the former are very much scattered, I will direct their clothing, shoes, blankets, &amp;c., to be issued to them at their respective camps, which will be the means of bringing them together. I would respectfully ask what clothing has been appropriated for the Indian troops, and why a distinction has been made by reserving a large lot of gray uniform cloth for the white troops.

Extract from Colonel Chilly McIntosh's letter, dated Camp Muscle Creek, November 14, 1863, to General Cooper:

Permit me to remark that I think the best plan for getting my men together would be to order their clothing to this place. I would state that none of my men or officers had permission to go home, excepting those who were sent with expresses. The number in the First [Creek] Regiment is 87, and the number in the Second [Creek] Regiment is 77, inclusive of officers of all ranks.

At the same time that the above letters were received, I received a brigade report, in which no mention is made of the absentees without leave in the Creek regiments. As I am in a measure arraigned for not having supplies, I beg leave to refer to requisitions forwarded to Lieutenant-Colonel O'Bannon, dated September 1, 1863. Requisitions were sent to Major [J. B.] Burton, chief quartermaster, District of Arkansas, under date of March 26, 1863, and to Major [S.] Hart, who it was supposed would issue from supplies imported, under date of March 17, 1863.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of the Indian Territory.

[P. S.]-DECEMBER 22.-This letter has been delayed for date regarding clothing issued to the Indian brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 58. Shreveport, La., November 27, 1863.

I. Frequent instances having been brought to the knowledge of the commanding general of leaves of absence and furloughs being granted by subordinate commanders, hereafter no orders will be recognized separating

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

