
lieutenant-colonel and J. A. Dooley for major, and in the mean time I was successful upon several occasions in capturing many necessary articles, such as guns, ammunition, blankets, clothing, &amp;c., and, on the 21st of April, in capturing a company of McNeil's commanding that executed the orders to shoot the Confederate States prisoners at Palmyra, Mo. I also captured from his command arms, ammunition, horses, blankets, and transportation sufficient for a regiment; and on the 9th of July I proceeded to hold an election for field officers of the regiment, the previous one having been decided null and void by the colonel, Jesse Ellison for lieutenant-colonel, and J. A. Walker for major. I also, on the 6th of June, organized a company of artillery, the muster-rolls of which, together with two other companies, now under command of Colonel William G. Pheelan, I here present, having ordered the scattering recruits to report to the said Colonel William G. Pheelan.

Having now discharged the duties enjoined upon me, I respectfully submit the accompanying report, and await further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. CLARK,

Colonel and Recruiting Officer, P. A. C. S.

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, DIST. OF ARKANSAS,

November 29, 1863.

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I met with but small success in the way of clothing. Major Brinker informs me that no clothing for officers has arrived at Washington, as we had heard. I got 592 yards of gray cloth for officers; it left here yesterday. I will get a few staff buttons. No immediate prospect of any tents. Major Brinker has heard nothing of any being sent up here yet. He does not seem to admire my suggestion of redistribution; says he will refer the letter to General H. [Holmes]; hopes it may be referred to General Smith, and thereby do some good in waking up little. Captain [Andrew] Sigourney has not yet returned from Shreveport with pay funds. He is expected in three or four days. I shall remain until he comes. Major Brinker cannot now pay your claims, because he has not yet the funds. He hopes to get funds soon, and expects to commence paying old debts in January. I have urged your claims, but cannot move him.

I am, major, respectfully, &c.,

R. O. BOGGESS,

[Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Doaksville, November 29, 1863.

Brigadier General R. M. GANO,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of your letter of the 28th instant, in which you speak of a wish to change the location of your camp, for various reasons. I have referred the matter to General Steele, who directs me to say in reply that he has no objection whatever to the proposed change. He wishes the matter to be entirely discretionary with yourself.

