
[HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,]

Shreveport, La., December 10, 1863.

Lieutenant-General HOLMES,

Camden:

Lieutenant-General Smith will leave here on Saturday for your headquarters. He directs you to send the Texas brigade, which was to operate on the Mississippi, to re-enforce General Steele at once. Let the new Texas regiment, which has been formed, be sent also.

Respectfully,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., December 10, 1863.

Brigadier General WILLIAM STEELE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to state to you that Colonel Carter's Texas cavalry brigade has been ordered to you, and it is hoped that, with this re-enforcement, you will be able to hold the enemy in check for the present. A movement is now being made by our forces in the direction of Pine Bluff and Little Rock, and the commanding general will leave in a few days for the headquarters of General Holmes. He wishes you to keep him advised of the movements of the enemy in your front, and also of the strength and disposition of your own forces, and hold yourself to co-operate with him should it become necessary. The effect of this movement will be felt by the latter part of this month, and may, in the end, prove to be the most effectual mode of relieving you, if successful.

I remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WEST,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CABELL'S BRIGADE,December 10, 1863-12.30 p.m.

Brigadier General J. S. MARMADUKE,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The Federals were at Tulip yesterday at 11 o'clock, 1,500 strong, with eight pieces of artillery, I have just seen a man belonging to Rogan's regiment, in General Fagan's command, who gives me the information. He states that the citizens told him that the Federals stated that they were coming to Arkadelphia. I shall make every arrangement to receive them, and shall send my trains back direct to your headquarters, and shall fall back that road if driven back. I have not more than 350 men, besides the pickets and scouts that I have out. I think that your brigade had better move up to this side of the bottom. They may not come here, but I am confident that they are on the road now.

Respectfully,

W. L. CABELL,

Brigadier-General.

