
the receipt of the necessary information regarding the movements of your command. The advance of Holmes from Camden should, as near as practicable, be simultaneous with that made from Monroe. This will cover and be in advance of your movement, and as Holmes' weakness is understood, and as all his operations are fully known to the enemy, I am in hopes that he may be drawn out from Little Rock, and drawn into a general engagement before he fully knows the force brought against him. General Holmes does not yet know of your co-operation, nor does any one here but General Boggs, who will forward in cipher all important telegraphic communications. From information received here, I hear the enemy at Little Rock are weak, and are strengthening their position by works. It will be well for Major [H. T.] Douglas to accompany you. If he can by any possibility leave the defenses below in such train that the completion can be prosecuted by his subordinates, his services to us may be of great value.

Twenty-five thousand stand of arms have been forwarded, and are prepared for crossing the river to this department. Colonel Harrison has been intrusted with the duty of receiving and covering their shipment to Vienna. The copy of the instructions to him will be forwarded to you. The news from Texas is that the enemy have halted in their advance up the coast.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

[E. KIRBY SMITH,]

Lieutenant-General.

OFFICE OF INDIAN AFFAIRS, Richmond, December 12, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The inclosed communication from the leading men of the Creek Nation of Indians to the President has been referred to this office "for report." A copy of the same communication, it may be said, was also sent by the Creeks to me. With regard to the several averments therein set forth, I shall endeavor to state, in detail, the facts, so far as they have fallen within my knowledge.

1st. I told the Creeks in the interview had by me with them at Fort Smith, Ark., November 27, 1862, after they had recommended Israel G. Vore for the position of Creek agent, that I should make known their wishes on the subject to the President, who would, I was assured, give them due consideration. Their recommendations were submitted, as promised, soon after my return to Richmond. About the time of my departure from this place to make my late visit to the Indian country (the 24th of May last), the appointment of Creek agent was conferred by the President on Mr. Vore.

2nd. There are two regiments of Creeks in the Confederate service. They, as well as the Indian troops generally, are wretchedly armed, and, at the time of my arrival in the Indian country, were poorly supplied with ammunition and artillery. The condition of the Indian troops I made known to Lieutenant-General Holmes by letter dated August 8, 1863, a copy of which is hereto appended, and, verbally and much more elaborately, to Lieutenant-General Smith, at Marshall, Tex., in the latter part of the same month. I also submitted to General Smith, as an additional reminder to him of the wants and necessities of the Indian command, a paper similar to the one dated August 23, which accompanies this letter.+ General Smith appeared fully alive to the importance of

---------------

*See Inclosure No. 4, p.1107.

+See Inclosure No. 2, p.1098.

---------------

