HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Camp Turner Ashby, December 14, 1863.

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Marmaduke's Division:

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from General Marmaduke, and with an eye to the force reported concentrating at Waldron, I have moved my camp this morning. This was the only direction in which forage my could be obtained, so as to cover and protect Washington. So my location for the present will be in the vicinity of Nashville. I have 100 men at Paraclifta, under Lieutenant [W. H.] Ferrell, for the purpose of furnishing me information and preserving order in Sevier County.

I had 6 men in Major [J. F.] Pickler's camp, who reported to me yesterday that Pickler's men had gone over body and soul to General Cooper, and that they had left when Pickler was here bartering for their transfer to this command. Captains [John] Jarrett and Pool have reported with a corporal's guard, and been assigned to duty in their respective regiments. As I expressed to General Marmaduke, I still believe they are the men desirous of keeping out of the service, and made the arrest of Lieutenant Railey by Lieutenant-General Smith a pretext. I mention this fact so that General Marmaduke can adopt such measures as he may deem necessary. The men the other side of General Price's headquarters.

Very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Doaksville, December 15, 1863.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your communication of the 14th instant, reporting you arrival with Wells' battalion at Spencer Academy. The general commanding directs that, if it can be done without interference with the general hospital, you establish your headquarters for the present at Spencer, camping your men at some contiguous point where timber can be had conveniently for hutting themselves. Every exertion is being made to procure the necessary lumber for roofing, and I presume a sufficient number of tools can be obtained to do the work. Major the purpose of visiting several saw-mills on the other side of the river, where it is believed the lumber can be obtained.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. D. DUVAL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Camden, Ark., December 17, 1863.

Colonel JOSEPH O. SHELBY:

COLONEL: Your communication of December 12, 1863, declining to forward to division headquarters an official communication of one of the officers of your brigade, has been forwarded me to-day for official action. Contrary to my usual course, and actuated by the interest which

