
General J. H. Lane says Blunt and Herron are both made major-generals. They have disposed of Hindman's army, so far as the West is concerned. I expect it will now join Holmes somewhere near Little Rock.

My table is overrun with business, and I must not indulge my pen.

Colonel Colburn has joined my staff. Think he appears well disposed for duty. He and Carr have both served long in Arkansas, and both say the Arkansas River is a trap.

Give my regards to all my friends and my denunciations to my foes. I am told by a man direct from Arkansas that the rebels have included I am told by a man direct from Arkansas that the rebels have included me among those who are to have no quarter.

I am sorry indeed to hear of the loss of Mrs. Craig's house by burning. It was so beautiful, I feel as if it must indeed be mourned. Alas, this is war; although it was the negroes who did it, still, it is the result of war.

The President has, as you will see, issued his mandate declaring all slaves in Arkansas and Mississippi free. I hope there will be no further attempt to ignore my free papers in Arkansas.

All join in kind regards.

Very truly, your friend,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., January 3, 1863.

M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

Bearer of dispatches from Vicksburg left there Sunday noon. General Sherman was fighting his way back to Vicksburg. Steamer Blue Wing, with ordnance stores, taken by the rebels and carried up the Arkansas. I have urged that every transport boat should be armed with two small howitzers. Why not do it? Such a loss costs more than howitzers to arm to whole fleet. Can't this be done? It should be.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., January 3, 1863.

Major General H. H. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Grant has ordered all my force now at Columbus to Memphis. This strips the country about Cairo and New Madrid, leaving no reserve in this region. General Davies has stripped everything, got all I could spare for temporary purposes, taken my garrison from New Madrid, and then stopped a regiment I sent to resume New Madrid. General Grant cannot be apprised of these facts. Please check matters. At Columbus they need something.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 3, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Grant wants the regiment of heavy artillery at Saint Louis to hold the points on the Mississippi River while he sends more re-enforcements to Vicksburg. Can you not spare them for that purpose? There seems little necessity now for much force in Saint Louis.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

