
I feel in an officer who has heretofore behaved so gallantly, and has shown himself capable of doing so much good to our afflicted country at this time, I have concluded, before taking any notice of this communication, to address you an unofficial letter on this subject, advising you, for your own good and that of the service, to withdraw a communication so unmilitary in its character, and calculated to inflict so deep a wound upon your well-earned reputation as a soldier. You have violated the indisputable right of the officers and men under you to make known their complaints through their intermediate officers, and you have refused to do that which military law and every principle of justice requires you to do, and I do not hesitate to say that before any intelligent military court it would be impossible for you to escape conviction. I am the more interested in this matter as I have just recommended you to the President in the highest terms for promotion, and have succeeded in interesting the Congressional delegation in your favor, and have no doubt but that the application for your promotion will be successful. Under these circumstances, I have concluded to suspend any action in this matter until I receive a reply from you. In thus departing from my usual course, I am induced to do so from the kindest feelings toward you.

Very respectfully,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Doaksville, December 18, 1863.

Brigadier General R. M. GANO,

Commanding:

GENERAL: The commanding general has just received official information from department headquarters that a movement is now being made by your forces in the direction of Little Rock and Pine Bluff, Ark., and he has also been notified to hold himself in readiness to co-operate in this movement should it become necessary. He therefore directs that immediate and active steps be taken by you to place your brigade in such a condition as will enable him to meet the expectations of Lieutenant-General Smith. The effect of this movement, he is informed, will be felt by the latter part of this month. General Steele directs that you should keep this information secret.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. G. DUVAL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier-General Cooper).
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Doaksville, C. N., December 19, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have learned that an officer of an Indian regiment has lately started for Richmond as an envoy from a council of Indians, purporting to represent the different Nations in treaty with the Confederate States. This officer (Captain Campbell Le Flore, acting quartermaster) has left without proper authority, the whole object having been studiously concealed from my knowledge. His object, I learn from report, is to convey certain allegations against myself, and to demand that Brigadier General

