
of his duties whilst commanding the Indian Department. If he has not been successful, it must be remembered his means were limited and the difficulties encountered great. I do not regard the promotion of Brigadier-General Cooper as wise or necessary.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

Respectfully submitted to the consideration of the Adjutant and Inspector-General.

SAML. W. MELTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, March 14, 1864.

This matter has already received the consideration and action of the President.

H. L. C. [CLAY],

[Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Doaksvile, December 19, 1863.

Brigadier General R. M. GANO:

GENERAL: I have been informed that Carter's brigade has been ordered into this district. Should you hear of their approach, please inform the commander that I wish him to halt in your vicinity, and report by letter. In the mean time send up some of the Partisans, who know the country well, to learn the state of affairs at Waldron. It may be that the enemy has measured the strength of his force at that place with reference to your strength, and that the addition of another brigade may enable you to take it before it is known that you have been joined by other troops. You cannot be too cautious in keeping all knowledge of intended movements to yourself.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY

Doaksville, December 20, 1863.

Brigadier-General COOPER,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your communication of the 19th. The general commanding directs me to say in reply that he is not advised of the exact extent of the co-operation which is expected of him, nor of the point toward which the troops will move, should they be called upon. The object of my communication of the 18th was to apprise you of the probable movement, so that your brigade might be placed in a state of readiness for any contingency. General Steele does not desire that the troops operating in the direction of Gibson, or under Colonel Watie, should be recalled. It has already been directed that the Seminole battalion should report to Colonel Bourland, for frontier defense.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. G. DUVAL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

