
cavalry. This General Hovey protests against most bitterly. All these orders I have promptly obeyed and faithfully executed, and am on the kindest and most agreeable terms with General Prentiss and all others. You may rely, general, that Vicksburg can be attacked by the Navy only, until the water falls, and this may not occur until midsummer, and there do not seem to be two opinions on the subject, so far as my information goes. Most probably there will be a demonstration upon Little Rock and Pine Bluff. Is this, therefore, to be done by you in your own department, or by others out of it! I am ready to co-operate with anybody or any general in any department where we can have active service, and will do so heartily and cordially. I know of no rule but strict obedience to orders, without evasion or mental reservation.

I want to hear from you on this subject.

I am, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

W. A. GORMAN,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., February 14, 1863.

General CURTIS, Saint Louis:

Last night I received the following from Independence:

McFerran's order for five companies is here. I have discovered that the men of each company have passed resolutions to resist. I will do my best.

W. R. PENICK.

I sent a reply, which will keep them quiet for the present. I propose being in Saint Louis to-morrow night, if no instructions to the contrary are received.

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier- General, Missouri State Militia.

JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.,

February 14, 1863- 8.20 p. m.

Major [H. Z.] CURTIS, Saint Louis:

I suppose Colonel McFerran has issued orders on his own motion. By telegraph I have corrected existing errors, I hope. Serious danger apprehended at Kansas City on account of the assumption of the command there by Colonel Kersey Coates, Enrolled Missouri Militia. Union citizens are opposing him, and have telegraphed for assistance, which has been ordered.

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier- General, Missouri State Militia.
HDQRS. 8TH AND 9TH DISTS., DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,In the Field, Camp John Ross, February 15, 1863.

Major- General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I have just received instructions that a force of the enemy is on Arkansas River, at Clarksville, and a cavalry force at Ozark. Both of these points were occupied by my scouts a few days ago, but a rebel force of some size, with steamboats (eight reported going up), have moved up this way.

A Mr. Powell, living 45 miles southeast of Fayetteville, reports to

