
road without delay leading from there direct to Camden, which, I think, crosses the Little Missouri at its mouth, near Tate's Bluff. The Missouri, will, I fear, be too high to ford; if so, I learn there are two ferry-boats at Tate's Bluff. Both must be put in crossing condition. The horses can swim, the men and trains ferry.

I will reach Camden early to-morrow afternoon, and will most probably send Colonel Kitchen orders to march for Camden immediately, so that he can get into his permanent camp before the roads become impassable. My headquarters will join Colonel K. to-morrow night, it practicable. When your men keep up the courier line to Washington, this line had better be withdrawn and paid off immediately. The route from Kitchen's proposed camp (Davis Settlement), via Tate's Bluff, is the most direct, not more than 25 miles to Camden.

Perhaps you had better send this letter to Colonel Kitchen, and it will explain to him fully my views.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel Kitchen will read, act on same, and return to me.

Respectfully,

H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Doaksville, C. N., December 26, 1863.

[General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff:]

GENERAL: I desire to call your attention to the inclosed report of ordnance officer of this district.* An inspection of the report will show the men to be armed with guns of almost every variety, making it an exceedingly difficult matter to arrange an ordnance train for an engagement. Many of these guns are almost worthless. If the Indian troops are worth paying and feeding, they should unquestionably be so armed as to enable them to do good fighting, and this is peculiarly forcible here, where the Nation is to be protected, so far as practicable, and the enemy kept out of the great granary of Northern Texas, and the force so very limited that not a man can be spared out of a fight. I especially call your attention to these items, viz: Unarmed men, 1,084; unserviceable arms, 183.

The field returns of Gano's brigade, handed in this morning, show an effective total (for an engagement) of little over 1,000. It would be difficult to get at the effective total of the Indian brigade, part of it being here and part with Colonel Stand Watie in the creek country. Bourland's battalion belongs here, from which no report has been received, and is operating west, and could not be counted on in a fight with the Federal, as they are specially charged with looking after the wild Indians. Bass' dismounted cavalry are doing post duty at different points, and is the only body used as infantry here. Cavalry and artillery without infantry make a singular sort of an army. Certainly,if the guns are to be had, this limited force, from which so much has been expected, should be all armed and well armed. The movements of the enemy about Fort Smith, Van Buren, and Waldron indicate a

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

