
movement somewhere. I do not think it so probably Texas now as another point, in view of operations in Arkansas. I hope you will give this matter your early and favorable attention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-The only forces that could be safely counted on for a fight are Gano's brigade and the Indian brigade. I would call your attention to one other point, omitted in my letter, viz, Martin's regiment, belonging here, is in the conscript business in Northern Texas. It should be sent back as soon as it can be spared.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Camden, December 28, 1863.

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Marmaduke's Division:

MAJOR: The whole programme is again changed. I take my Missouri troops (Shelby's and Marmaduke's brigades) to operate on the Mississippi and Arkansas Rivers this winter; will encamp for the present on the west side of the Saline, near Warren or Mount Elba. The Texas troops, under Parsons, also go with me. I desire Marmaduke's brigade, if possible to cross the Washita above the mouth of the Little Missouri and encamp on the east side of the Washita, in a country where the men can be fed and the horses foraged. I learn there is plenty of forage near the mouth of Little Missouri, on the east bank of Washita. This brigade must occupy where I can readily move it to Warren. If it cannot cross the Washita near its present position, I desire it to march immediately to this place, where there is a pontoon bridge over the Washita; but to come by Camden to get to Warren would carry the brigade some 20 miles out of the way, and make it cross the Little Missouri and Washita both. After crossing the Washita, the brigade will remain on the east side some four to six days, awaiting the arrival of Shelby's brigade, ordered to this place. Colonel Kitchen will judge whether it be best to come by Camden or not. In case Colonel Kitchen crosses above the mouth of the Little Missouri, I desire him to report by courier to this place the exact locality of his camp and the resources of the country. The camp may be 1 mile or 10 miles in the direction of Warren from the Washita, my object being to hold that brigade in a position for marching by or before Shelby's arrives. Order Hughey's battery to report to General Cabell; the rest of the artillery to march with Colonel Kitchen. Caball and Brooks will be taken from my command, I suppose. Shelby's brigade will not be here under five days; till they arrive I will most probably remain here. I desire my headquarters to come immediately to this place. We will camp near the town, as no quarters can be had. Say to Major [C. C.] Rainwater that I have had stopped all his ammunition wagons, &amp;c., till he arrives. He must make some disposition of his ammunition and gun shop at Washington; to do as he thinks best with them. Shelby will come through Washington; [William M.] Dunn must provide for them en route. They can draw the flour there. The beef-cattle for them had better be put in charge of Major King, a special detail, and kept, to be turned over to them when they join Marmaduke's brigade. Tell Dunn to continue getting in beef from Texas.

