
RICHMOND, VA., December 28, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I hope you will not think me intrusive in asking your attention to the important business with which I am charged. I was made the bearer of important papers from the Confederate Indians in relation to matters of deep interest to them, upon which, indeed, they think their existence as nations depends. I left Fort Washita October 28, 1863 and arrived at Richmond on the 1st instant, and at the earliest day possible laid the paper, as instructed, before His Excellency the President, since which time I have been waiting an answer.

While I am fully impressed that, where there is so much to engage the attention of the different departments of the Government, there must of necessity be delays, yet, sir, as I am informed the above papers must of necessity be delays, yet, sir, as I am informed the above papers are before you, I hope you will allow me respectfully to request your earliest attention to them of which your convenience will admit.

Owing to the great difficulty of communications reaching the Indian country from Richmond, it was the special request of the Indian people that I should bring the answer back with me, and especially that they may know, at as early a day as possible, on what to depend in this time of peril. I have thus delayed, though many urgent reasons call me home. Not the least is the danger of the country west of the Mississippi becoming impassable should the season become wet.

Should you desire to communicate with me, you can do so through the Sentinel office, or a letter sent to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs would reach me.

I have the honor to be, yours, very respectfully,

JNO. C. ROBINSON.

P. S.-I will remain at the office of the Commissioner until 3 p.m.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,San Bois, C. N., October 19, 1863.

SIR: Inclosed you will find copies of memorial and communications from the different Indian tribes and members thereof to yourself and others, setting forth the condition of their country, and desire for a change of commanders in the Territory. The originals have been heretofore forwarded, but communication between this and Richmond being uncertain, and nothing having been heard from you, it is presumed they miscarried, and having an opportunity of sending them by J. C. Robinson, copies are forwarded by him for your information. The communication from the Creeks, dated August 17*, was written at the request of Colonel S. S. Scott, Commissioner of Indian Affairs.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL G. VORE.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

TISHOMING, CHICKASAW NATION,

April 16, 1863.

General E. KIRBY SMITH:

SIR: It seems there have been reports put in circulation that the citizens of the Indian country are dissatisfied with General D. H. Cooper

---------------

*None of that date found.

---------------

