
as commander of the Indian brigade, and wish him removed. As far as my knowledge extends in regard to the feelings of the Chickasaws toward General Cooper, they could not be better satisfied with him; no one stands higher in their opinion than he, and whenever it was understood that General Cooper had been placed at the head of the Indian brigade, it seemed to put new spirit into the Chickasaw battalion, as being an efficient, brave officer and a good man, one upon whom they placed their utmost confidence. Whatever reports may be in circulation intended to lower the standing of General Cooper in the eyes of the Confederate Government, to cause his removal from his present position as commandant of the Indian brigade, it cannot emanate from the Chickasaw people, but would rather that he should be retained, and that more troops be placed under his command to defend this Indian Territory than has been heretofore. And as for his popularity as an Indian agent, I can say that I have been acting as his interpreter for several years, and was, therefore, the principal channel by which all national and individual feelings were frankly expressed on either side, but I do not remember having heard a Chickasaw express any unsatisfactory language toward General Cooper since he was appointed as their agent.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JAMES GAMBLE,

Captain Company B, Chickasaw Battalion.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

TISHOMINGO CITY, April 17, 1863.

General E. KIRBY SMITH, through General HOLMES:

GENERAL: With feelings of deep regret, we learn that false representations have been made to you or to General Holmes as regards the feelings of the Chickasaws toward General D. H. Cooper.

That there are designing office seekers we doubt not, who, on the altar of private interest, would sacrifice public national good, and to whose machinations the sterling, staunch integrity of General Cooper offers an unwelcome barrier which they would eagerly remove, even though they resort to falsehood to accomplish it.

In testimony of the estimate which we put upon General Cooper, we beg to inclose a copy of an act passed by our Legislature, May 25, 1861, and which we this day fully indorse.

Having, then, the utmost confidence in General Cooper, both as an Indian agent, than whom no one can stand higher in the opinion of the Chickasaws, and as a general whom they have unanimously placed at the head of their forces to be raised in defense of their country and the South, we pray that no malicious or designing misrepresentations may deprive us of the service of the man of our choice, or cause General Cooper to be removed from the position which he how occupies.

W. COLBERT,

Governor.

WM. F. HARRISON,

National Secretary.

JAMES GAMBLE,

Captain Company B, Chickasaw Battalion.

CYRUS HARRIS,

Ex-Governor.

WILSON LOVE,

Judge of Probate Court.

