
[Sub-Inclosure.]

Be it enacted by the Legislature of the Chickasaw Nation, That in consideration of the faithful services of D. H. Cooper, in guarding the interest of the Indian people during his connection with them as agent, and to secure his services in future, he be adopted a member of the Chickasaw tribe of Indians, entitled to all the rights, privilege, and immunities of a citizen, according to the eleventh section of general provisions of the constitution of the Chickasaw Nation.

Passed the house of representatives May 25, 1861.

A. ALEXANDER,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

J. E. ANDERSON,

President of the Senate.

Attest:

C. CARTER,

Clerk of the House of Representatives.

JAMES N. McLISH,

Clerk of the Senate.

Approved May 25, 1861.

C. HARRIS,

Governor.

I hereby certify that the above is a true copy of the original now on file in my office.

WM. F. HARRISON,

National Secretary.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

[MAY 18, 1863.]

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of the Confederate States:

We, the chief ad headmen of the Creek Nation, and officers of the First and Second Creek Regiments, do respectfully represent to you the unprotected, defenseless, and sad condition of our country and our people.

In the treaty made and concluded between the Confederate States and the Creek Nation or tribe of Indians, July-, 1861, it was stipulated and agreed that the said States would afford ample protection to our people and country against our enemies; that we would raise one regiment (we have raised two) to assist in defense of the Indian country; that they should be armed by the said States, and should receive the same pay, clothing, and allowances as the officers and soldiers who were citizens of said States. We have also promises, given or implied, that the Indian country should be a separate department. It was in fact made so.

General Cooper (then colonel), commanding the Indian Department, by his own exertions succeeded in raising two regiments Texas cavalry, two Choctaw regiments, and one battalion Chickasaws, to serve in defense of the Indian country. General Pike raised one regiment Arkansas infantry and two artillery companies, and procured five batteries, arms, ammunition, clothing, and funds to supply this department. Arms, ammunition, clothing, and funds failed to reach it; it was attached to Arkansas, and what was provided for us was soon distributed among the other troops, we receiving but a very small proportion.

