
artillery for field use, with ammunition enough for present purposes and arrangements to manufacture what will be required.

Chief of Medical Department.-Hospitals in Shreveport in good condition, and the officers seem to be attentive to their sick. I refer you to the returns of Surgeon Haden, medical director, for list of medical officers, marked H.*

Signal Corps.-I refer you to papers marked I,* Signal Corps.

Number of Troops in Department.-In the District of Arkansas, total present for duty, 10,354; aggregate present and absent, 25,623. In the District of Western Louisiana, total present for duty, 10,657; aggregate present and absent, 21,808. In the District of Texas, present for duty, of Confederate troops (as shown by returns made out by myself), 7,574; aggregate present and absent, 12,992; State troops present for duty, 1,529; aggregate present and absent, 3,960. (It is proper to state that all the State troops I did not inspect, some being on detached service.)

The total number of State troops will be seen by reference to papers marked State troops, J.* It will also be seen that the returns signed by myself differ in number and regiments from the returns furnished me by assistant adjutant-general of Major-General Magruder. I have not been able to account for it satisfactorily, as I made out the returns signed by myself after I had left the district, and found it varied so much I deem it proper to submit both. I called the attention of the lieutenant-general commanding to it. It is also proper to state that Brigadier-General Green's command had been ordered to Texas, and were in that district when I left the department.

In the District of the Indian Territory, present for duty, 1,666; total present and absent, 8,885. Reference to returns from this district will show that General Maxey had arrived and taken command. It is believed he will restore confidence and excite a proper spirit in the troops. The total aggregate present for duty in the Trans-Mississippi Department is 31,780; aggregate present and absent, 73,268.

It is believed that, with small arms sufficient, the "present for duty" can be increased, with the conscripts to be enrolled and brought into the service, to 60,000 men. Ten thousand of the "present for duty," as shown by the returns, are very poorly armed; indeed, 2,000 are without arms. I would respectfully refer you to full returns, marked K.#

Chief of Engineer Corps.-Seems to be an officer of merit and great energy.

Conscription Bureau.-I refer you to papers marked L.## General Greer seems to be an officer of energy and capacity; his office well arranged. I was not able to obtain as full information as I desired of the number of conscripts in the department, but I do not consider it a large estimate to say, with the repeal of the exemption and substitute laws, that 15,000 new troops can be brought into the field.

Cotton Bureau.-This bureau has been established by the lieutenant-general commanding, and is inn the hands of excellent business men, and will accomplish great good if properly supported by his district commanders. The former system worked great injury to our cause in the Trans-Mississippi Department, and the unrestricted trade that was carried on with Mexico, while it was demoralizing to our people, tended greatly to depreciate our currency, and brought us in return but few supplies for our army, and seduced the people into speculation. I refer you to the reports of the Cotton Bureau, with accompanying orders and papers, inclosed in envelope marked M.## They are worthy of great

---------------

*Omitted.

#Not found.

##Printed in Series I, Vol. XXVI.

---------------

