
consideration. Also to report of Mr. Sorley, depositary,marked M. M.* He is experienced merchant of the highest character.

REMARKS.-I would respectfully suggest that as full power as possible, subject to the approval of the President, be delegated to the lieutenant-general commanding as will enable him to correct abuses and render efficient his army. The great distance and the increasing difficulty of safe communication with Richmond render it important that this should be done. The great regard of the lieutenant-general commanding for law, his ability and lofty patriotism and devotion to our cause, would be a guarantee against all improper use of the power given him. The morale and patriotism of the army and people are excellent, and they have an unshaken confidence in the patriotism of the President and his ability to conduct this revolution to a successful termination.

DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, Lieutenant-General Holmes Commanding.- This officer impressed me with the purity of his motives and his great devotion to our cause. He is temperate in his habits; the reports circulated against him in this respect are without the slightest foundation. The dissatisfaction with him, both in the army and among the people, is very great, and I fear has become so firmly fixed that his usefulness as the commanding general of this district is greatly impaired.

Assistant Adjutant-General's Office.-In good condition; competent officers. For a list of the staff, reference is called to returns marked K.#

Inspector's Office.-Very good condition; much zeal manifested on the part of the officers.

Commanders of Divisions and Brigades.-Major-General Price is attentive to his duties; his division in good condition. His brigadier-generals, Parsons, Tappan, Drayton, and Churchill, are excellent officers, and take great interest in their commands. Brigadier-General Fagan, who commands his own brigade and several regiments of State troops, is a fine officer, and has his command in good condition. They are all sober and faithful officers. Brigadier-General Marmaduke, commanding cavalry, is a safe, reliable officer. If wanting in any quality, it is in dash.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Officers of Division, and Brigade Commanders.-The condition of these officers reflects great credit on the officers in charge; especially is this the case in the assistant adjutant-general's office of Major-General Price. I refer you to papers marked N# for a list of his staff officers; also to a letter from Major Maclean, assistant adjutant-general.## I expected a complete list of all the staff officers in the district, and regret that I could not get it before leaving, but was informed by Lieutenant-General Smith he expected to forward a complete list of all the staff officers in the department to the adjutant-general's office as soon as he could have it properly made out.

Troops.-The morale of the troops good; tolerably well clothed, and have plenty of beef, corn, sugar, and molasses. The drill and general efficiency good. The excellent condition in which they keep their arms reflects great credit on the officers and men. Horses of the cavalry in tolerably good condition. For number of troops, I refer you to returns of the district, marked K.# It will show that there is in the district an infantry force present for duty of 6,045; aggregate present and absent, 15,166; cavalry present for duty, 4,309; cavalry present and absent 10,457; total present for duty, 10,354; total present and absent, 25,623.

---------------

*Printed in Series I, Vol. XXVI.

#Omitted.

##In reference to designation of Missouri regiments. See p.1057.

---------------

