
Inspectors of Division and Brigades.-Excellent set of officers. They take great pride in the performance of their duties.

Quartermasters of the District.-I was not able to discover any errors in cash or accounts. Indeed, in the selection of these officers, as well as all others, the lieutenant-general commanding the district has been exceedingly fortunate.

Transportation. Ample and in good condition.

Commissariats.-Attentive; books, money, and accounts appeared correct, and the general satisfaction of the troops satisfied me that their wants in this respect were attended to. But in this, as well as throughout all the disbursing officers of the department, I found not one-half them officers properly bonded or commissioned.

Ordnance Officers.-Seem to be qualified and attentive. Ordnance stores well kept, and plenty on hand for immediate use; all the small-arms in the hands of the troops. Artillery getting in good condition.

Medical Officers and Hospitals.-Attentive set of officers, and the hospitals in good condition, showing great care and attention on the part of the officer. Dr. C. M. Taylor, medical inspector of hospitals of the district, is one of the most attentive and efficient officers I ever met.

REMARKS.-The lieutenant-general commanding is exceedingly fortunate in the organization and officering of his army. I inspected his district with great gratification and pleasure. The sentiment of the people I found true and devoted to our cause. It is said that there are a few traitors inside the enemy's lines, but I am satisfied that it only exists among a few discontented, unreliable, disappointed politicians, whose influence will avail them but little with the people, who are nearly all sound, and seem each day to be more deeply impressed with the conviction that it is better for every one in the Confederate States to perish than for us to fail in this struggle.

DISTRICT OF TEXAS, Major-General Magruder Commanding.-He is energetic in the discharge of his duties, and possesses to a considerable degree the confidence of his army and the people; but there is a great want of system pervading his district, caused by the great number of orders he issues, and in some instances their clear violation of law; but when his attention was called to it, I have found him ready and anxious to correct all errors.

Adjutant General's Office.-In tolerable condition; his assistant adjutant-generals are attentive officers to their duties. Papers marked O* will show the number of staff officers in district.

Inspector-General's Office.-This duty has been greatly neglected, and I could not learn of any thorough inspection having been made by district inspector. Colonel McNeil has been placed upon the major-general's staff as inspector since I made my inspection. When I inspected the troops he was in command of a regiment, so I was informed, in Louisiana.

Division and Brigade Commanders.-The District of Texas has been divided into three sub-districts, Brigadier-General Slaughter commanding in the Eastern Sub-District. He is a good officer, and, if his health continues good, will render valuable service. Brigadier-General Bee,commanding in the Western Sub-District, is an excellent man, but has seen but little service. Brigadier-General McCulloch, in Northern Sub-District, has but few troops; is said to be a good officer. The troops were just being newly organized into brigades, and would be commanded by senior colonels. I did not find a single brigade in the district com-

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

