
in this branch of the service. Not half of the officers are properly bonded or commissioned from Richmond. I refer you to papers marked S.*

Ordnance Officers.-I found the ordnance well kept; officers attentive, and in their books, cash, and accounts I was not able to discover any errors. I refer you to papers marked T.* Artillery ample for the service, and fast becoming efficient.

Medical Department and Hospitals.-I do not feel myself competent to judge of the qualifications of the surgeons, but the bad condition of the hospitals in the district impressed me unfavorably. I called the attention of the major-general commanding to it; also Dr. Benjamin, medical inspector, sent out by the Surgeon-General. He informed me he had been doing all he could to correct it,and I am satisfied he had. I also felt it to be proper it, and I am satisfied he had. I also felt it to be proper for me to call Lieutenant-General Smith's attention to condition of the hospitals. I found no inspector of hospitals for the district. I refer you to papers marked U* for list of medical officers in the district.

Engineer Officers and Fortifications.-This department is admirably conducted, and the fortifications at Valasco, Quintana, Galveston, and Sabine Pass reflect great credit on Colonel Sulakowski and his associates. Papers marked V* will show plan of fortifications at Galveston and drawings of Sabine Pass. I refer you to Colonel Allston's inspection reports, marked A,* for full description of the forts and number of guns mounted. It agrees fully with my own inspection, made a few days afterward. I refer you to papers marked X* for a list of engineer officers in district.

REMARKS.-The necessity of a few more good field officers in the district is very important to render the army efficient. I found all the officers but poorly supplied with the military laws and orders. The cotton office established in this district, at Houston, by the direction of Lieutenant-General Smith, will accomplish much good. The effect of the cotton trade via Brownsville and Mexico, as formerly carried on, did much to demoralize the people and depreciate our currency. The work-shops at Houston are able to repair all the small-arms, and the magazines contain ample supply of powder. There is plenty of lead and caps for present use. I did not visit San Antonio, as orders were issued for the removal of stores from that place, and there were no troops there to inspect. The order for the removal was afterward revoked. The people of Texas are confident and sound,with but few exceptions, and their confidence in their Government at Richmond unwavering.

I have the honor to submit this report and accompanying papers for the consideration of the Adjutant and Inspector General of the Army of the Confederate States.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. JOHNSON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 19, 1864.

Major Johnson has exhibited unusual diligence and energy in his inspections, and, in this report, puts the department in possession of

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

