
much valuable information. He states that he procured the much-needed rolls and rosters, but, under the advice of General Smith, concluded that it was impracticable to transport them. Two inspectors have been recently sent out for this special purpose, with orders to make every effort to accomplish the end.

The exhibits accompany this report, with the exception of the returns, of which I am making consolidated copies. The exhibits will be copied and furnished to the bureaus to which they pertain, so soon as the honorable Secretary can return them to this office. It was my purpose to make a synopsis of these papers, and they have been retained several days with that views, but my other duties have not permitted. An inspector-general, to take charge of such duty, is much demanded.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

By order:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure B.]

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER OF THE TRANS-MISS. DEPT.,

Shreveport, La., January 19, 1864.

Major J. P. JOHNSON,

Assistant Inspector-General, P. A. C. S., Shreveport, La.:

MAJOR: As requested this morning, I have the honor to report that I have on hand $16,804,894.20. Of this amount, only $12,350 is in money; the remainder, $16,792,544.20, is in drafts on Mr. H. J. G. Battle, Confederate States depositary,at this place, and on the Treasury at Richmond. This large amount is absolutely unavailable, as it is impossible for me to have any one of the drafts cashed. I have called upon Mr. Battle time and again for money, but have invariably been informed that he had no funds on hand with which to meet the drafts I hold. The want of funds to meet the necessities of the army embarrasses to a great degree the efficiency of my department.

The quartermaster's bureau recently established in the Trans-Mississippi Department is yet its infancy, but I have reasonable hopes of having it soon in good working condition, and will then be able to correct, to a great extent, the many errors to be found in the returns of the various quartermasters in this department. In fact, much has already been done to effect this much to be desired end.

It will afford me pleasure to make you a report more in detail, should you require it,or to show you in person the workings of both the offices of the quartermaster's bureau and the office of chief quartermaster of the Trans-Mississippi Department.

The press of business on my hands (having the duties of two important offices assigned to my charge) must be my apology for this summary report.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. W. O'BANNON,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, Trans-Mississippi Dept.

[Inclosure C.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,CLOTHING BUREAU,

Shreveport, La., January 18, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a memoranda of the principal articles issued and manufactured at my office during the year

