
ending December 31, 1863. I have called for reports from the different officers charged with the manufacture and issue of clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and when received will submit a report of the entire transactions of this bureau throughout the department. With reference to arrangements for this year for providing clothing, camp and garrison equipage for the troops, I will remark that arrangements now exist for the delivery, monthly, at this depot, Jefferson and Tyler, Tex., of from 9,000 to 13,000 hats, at a cost of from $3.25 to $5 each. There are manufactured at this depot, Washington, Ark., and Jefferson, Tyler, Houston, and Austin, Tex., about 10,000 pairs of shoes per month; and, by an arrangement with the Huntsville penitentiary, the clothing bureauis to receive, within twelve months, from that institution 1,200,000 yards of cloth, Osnaburg, cotton jeans, woolen plaids, and woolen jeans. In addition to this, it is expected that the machinery sent to Tyler, Tex., when put in operation, will turn out in the same length of time at least 200,000 yards woolen jeans. With the foundries at Jefferson and Hempstead, Tex., the army can be supplied with cooking utensils; and if ten good molders, ten first-class blacksmiths, and a few Numbers 1 machinists can be obtained, I can have manufactured axes, nails, and many other articles required by our army. These mechanics cannot be obtained from civil life, and I suggest that inquiry be made throughout the army for them.

While I was in Houston I caused Captain E. C. Wharton to furnish Lieutenant Colonel W. J. Hutchins, chief cotton office, with a statement of such articles as our army would need for the ensuing year, and that officer informed that the most strenuous efforts would be made to obtain the supplies. I have entire confidence in his ability to do so, provided the route by Eagle Pass is kept open.

Major Charles Russell left for Eagle Pass some time since, with authority to negotiate for and introduce the articles required. I am further assured that General E. B. Nichols has a very large quantity of army supplies, such as we need, at Matamoras, and, with pledges from the cotton office of payment being made in cotton, will introduce them into the country. General Nichols' well-known character is a sufficient guarantee that the goods will be introduced as promised. Major Hart is also sanguine of furnishing a very large quantity of clothing, camp and garrison equipage within this quarter. My transactions have been confined mainly to the limits of the department; the memoranda exhibits, in part, what I have done. During this year I expect to do much more, having every reason to believe that the army can be supplied from home products with 108,000 hats, 40,000 jackets, 40,000 pairs of trousers, 100,000 shirts and drawers, 120,000 pairs of shoes, 3,000 tents, and cooking utensils to meet pressing demands. To accomplish this, however, it will be necessary to keep me amply supplied with funds (I have a very small amount on hand at present) and an efficient officer sent to Tyler to put that machinery to work. I respectfully suggest that Major J. J. Busby be ordered on that duty.

Respectfully,

W. H. HAYNES,

Major and Quartermaster, C. S. A., Chief of Clothing Bureau.

