
amounts shown in this memorandum will be somewhat increased when my papers are closed up, so that I can arrive at the true amounts.

---- ----,

Major and Quartermaster, P. A. C. S.,

Chief Clothing Bureau, Dept. Trans-Miss.

This paper, by accident, was not signed by Major Haynes; but I submit it, for information, to the proper department.

J. P. JOHNSON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[Inclosure D.]

OFFICE OF CHIEF PAYMASTER, TRANS-MISS. DEPT.,

Shreveport, La., January 19, 1864.

Major J. P. JOHNSON,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Trans-Miss. Dept., Shreveport, La.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the condition of the pay department:

The troops in the department have all been paid to include August 31, 1863, and the officers to a much later period, probably to date these payments were made from funds obtained from the Confederate States depository, by order of the lieutenant-general commanding, and a portion of them was received from the quartermaster's funds by a similar order.

The balance on hand, after these payments, is $518,621, which will scarcely be sufficient to meet the current expenses of the department and to pay the paroled prisoners from Vicksburg and Port Hudson, now reporting to General Allen, at Shreveport, La., and to General Dockery, at Washington, Ark.

Estimates for funds required for the pay of the troops in the department to December 31, 1863, were forwarded to Richmond, Va., on the 12th of September, 1863, but as yet no notice has reached this office of the arrival of the funds. I have also just forwarded, through the chief quartermaster Trans-Mississippi Department, estimates for the pay of the troops for the six months ending June 30, 1864.

The possession of the Rio Grande and Mississippi Rivers by the enemy renders it impossible to calculate, with any certainty, upon the receipt of funds in this department.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. E. CARR,

Major and Chief Paymaster, Trans-Mississippi Department.

[Inclosure E.]

OFFICE CHIEF OF SUBSISTENCE, TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPT.,

Shreveport, La., January 20, 1864.

Major J. P. JOHNSON,

Assistant Inspector-General:

MAJOR: In answer to your verbal inquiry of this date, I beg to make the following statement:

Reports from the chief commissaries of the districts, showing the amount of funds received, disbursed and remaining on hand, and quantity of stores received, issued, and remaining on hand, are required to be made monthly to this office; also reports of persons employed of the various classes. These reports are received regularly from Major

72 R-VOL XXII, PT II

