
Embracing documents received too late for insertion in proper sequence.

UNION CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., September 30, 1863-5.45 p.m.

General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Following dispatch just received:

UNION MEN DRIVEN OUT OF MISSOURI.

LEAVENWORTH,

September 29, [1863.]

Governor Gamble having authorized Colonel Moss, of Liberty, Mo., to arm the men in Platte and Clinton Counties, he has armed mostly the returned rebel soldiers and men under bonds. Moss' men are now driving the Union men out of Missouri. Over one hundred families crossed the river to-day. Many of the wives of our Union soldiers have been compelled to leave. Four or five Union men have been murdered by Colonel Moss' men.

Please look to this; see if true, in whole or part; put a stop to it.

A. LINCOLN.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

LITTLE ROCK, April 11, 1863.

Mr. WILLIAM REENAN HILL:

MY DEAR SIR: On the opposite page* you will find a copy of a letter from me to Colonel Sappington, which is "approved" by the chief quartermaster of this military district, from which you will see that every inducement which can be asked for bringing supplies into our lines are offered. The prices offered and paid for army supplies are very remunerative. On an order given to another party for specific articles, a profit of 200 per cent. on what the articles cost in Confederate money in Memphis is allowed, and the Government to pay in addition the cost of transportation to point of delivery. You may rely on 200 per cent. profit on original cost in all cases. On some articles (bulky, heavy, and cheap articles) a much larger percentage will be paid; but the clause in my letter authorizing him to retain and sell to other parties such articles as the Government does not want, or for which it will not pay a satisfactory price, gives special and invaluable privileges. Under it you may introduce anything you choose, with certainty of protection and of selling at remunerative prices.

---------------

*Inclosure following.

---------------

