
LITTLE ROCK, April 11, 1863.

The bearer, Captain W. F. Moore, is hereby authorized to procure from beyond the enemy's lines supplies for the army, to be delivered to me or my agent at any point, within our lines, on the White or Arkansas River.

All officers and men of the army in this department will furnish him protection for self and supplies and his transportation, whether boat or otherwise, and such assistance in the execution of this authority as they can give consistently with the discharge of their other duties.

W. H. HAYNES,

Major, and Q. M., Chf. Clothing Bureau Trans-Miss. Dept.

Approved:

By order of Lieutenant General T. H. Holmes:

JNO. B. BENTON,

Major, and Chief Quartermaster District of Arkansas.

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

Little Rock, April 12, 1863.

Colonel THOMAS C. JOHNSON:

DEAR SIR: The department here is very anxious to get supplies for the quartermaster's department; so much so that it is giving out contracts to various parties for unlimited amounts. It is in great haste to get them, and I have sent three messengers to Major Hunt, in the Mississippi Bottom, within the last ten days, to hunt him up; and the last person I sent was Captain Moore, and he has full authority from the department here to get the goods and bring them through the lines, with permission to purchase boats or anything that may be necessary.

If you have a contract, you had better do what you can immediately, as other parties have contracts, and the object will be to get ahead of them. The department here is open for almost any contract in the way of quartermaster's stores, if they can be delivered in a short time.

Respectfully, yours,

ISAAC BRINKER,

Major, Chief Quartermaster Price's Division.

(Same to Major Thomas H. Price.)
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, April 14, 1863.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding District of Arkansas, Missouri, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 12th has been received. I cannot too strongly express my approbation and admiration of your course since the opening of the campaign, and acknowledge the skill and judgment with which you have conducted the operations of your command, and the promptness with which you have carried out the general plans. Assistance is on the way to your support, and I believe, under God's mercy, that the general results will be great and gloriously successful.

