
ized by the War Department. The officers appointed by the President for these regiments have all reported to me, according to their instructions, and will be ordered to report to you as soon as I can hear from below. I expect to leave in a few days for Fort Scott, and will make ample preparation for transportation and supplies for your command.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

No. 13. Saint Louis, Mo., February 23, 1863.

The Army of Southeastern Missouri being now within the District of Saint Louis, Brigadier General J. W. Davidson will assume command of the whole.

Brigadier General E. A. Carr will report for duty to General Davidson.

By command of Major- General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

No. 14. Saint Louis, Mo., February 24, 1863.

I. No leaves of absence or orders will be given to officers to come to this city, or leave their districts proper, without permission from the commanding general; and, without such permission, commanders of districts and armies are forbidden to absent themselves from their commands, except in those cases of sickness or wounds provided for in General Orders, Numbers 22, series of 1862, and of officers stationed in the District of Saint Louis, acting under the orders of the commander thereof.

II. The commanding officer District of Saint Louis will cause the above order to be complied with (so far as officers coming to this city are concerned), arresting and returning summarily to their commanding officers, under charges, any and all officers who disregard the provisions of the order. He will also advise commanders of other military departments, weekly, of all officers belonging to their commands visiting this city, giving dates of arrival and departure, and their authority for being absent, and, at the request of such commanders, will cause the arrest and return, as above specified, of such as do not conform to their regulations and orders. Unauthorized persons found in the uniform of officers will be arrested and tried as spies, or for violation of military law.

III. Provost-marshals(and other officers) will arrest as deserters of spies all amen wearing the uniform of soldiers at their posts or stations, or in their districts, without proper passes, orders, or discharges. If their regiments or corps can be ascertained, they will be sent to the same, or to the next military post in route, and turned over to the commander, as is done in forwarding recruits; but deserters will be kept under guard or in irons, until delivered over to their proper command. Company commanders will cause the names of deserters to be published in the States where they are from, so that their friends and the proper authorities may induce their early return to duty.

It is enjoined on all officers on recruiting or other duty, and on leave of absence, and all provost marshals and detectives,to arrest and return deserters to their command; United States marshals, sheriffs, and constables are requested to do so likewise, and quartermasters within

