
at once, and authorize the regiments which are to be retained to recruit up to the required standard. It can be done at less expense and with less trouble than it will take to force these men into an unwilling service. This much for suggestion.

Upon the theory that the regiment is broken up, which is accepted as an existing fact, the following statement is made:

Companies A, B, and C are broken up, and the men are to be distributed among the companies of the First Regiment. Companies D and E are to be added as companies to the First Regiment. Company E is at my headquarters in Jefferson City, and must remain there for the present. Company D is the only organized company that will be left in Jackson County. This is insufficient. At least three companies of the First, or some other regiment, must be sent here before the companies can be safely broken up or ordered away. In my opinion, it would be very desirable that Colonel McFerran, if retained (see letter of even date on the subject*), should be assigned to duty in this county. I find the county in a most unfortunate condition. The Union element here is divided, and is assaulted continually by the bushwhackers from within and by the "Red Leggins" from Kansas; and, strange as it may appear, these extremes meet and fraternize in the common object of despoiling honest men of their property, and in disturbing the public peace. The citizens here require as much protection from the "Red Legs" of Kansas as they do from the bushwhackers from within and by the "Red Leggins" from Kansas; and, strange as it may appear, these extremes meet and fraternize in the common object of despoiling honest men of their property, and in disturbing the public peace. The citizens here require as much protection from the "Red Legs" of Kansas as they do from the bushwhackers of Missouri. Colonel McFerran, I am satisfied, will use every exertion of which his nature is capable to properly punish the "Red Legs, " whilst the remains of the Fifth Regiment will delight in continuing the destruction of the bushwhackers. Indeed, I think, in consideration

of the changes proposed, that a radical change in stationing of troops in this district would be most desirable. Without at present going into detail as to all the changes that should be made, I think it would be best to assign to the First Regiment the duty of guarding the border on the Kansas line, with its headquarters in this county. Colonel Hall should make the headquarters of his regiment at Sedalia, and Colonel Catherwood's headquarters might be made at Liberty or Richmond, with a battalion of the Sixth Regiment, when filled, retained at Lexington. In the mean time, with your approval, I will order Colonel McFerran, with three of the companies of his regiment, now at Lexington, to Independence, with instructions on arriving there to relieve Colonel Penick and assume command. In the present condition of affairs at Lexington, the three companies that will remain will be sufficient to protect that post for the present.

You will please send instructions to my headquarters in Jefferson should you disapprove the change as above proposed, as my adjutant, in pursuance of instructions, will issue the necessary orders to effect the change unless you direct a different course.

I would respectfully suggest that as above proposed, as my adjutant, in pursuance of instructions, will issue the necessary orders to effect the change unless you direct a different course.

I would respectfully suggest that as soon as the reads become practicable you will order the section of [H. B.] Johnson's battery at Palmyra and the section of Wachsman's battery at Rolla to Sedalia, where I will order the remaining sections of the two batteries, for the purpose of consolidation and re-equipment. As to Company I, of the Fifth Regiment, broken up and ordered to be distributed among the companies of the Ninth Regiment, I would respectfully ask that you make such orders as will best accomplish the purpose intended.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier- General, Missouri State Militia.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

