HDQRS. 8TH DISTS., DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,In the Field, Camp Blunt, February 26, 1863.

Major- General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

SIR: Owing to the depth of mud, and the fact that Colonel Harrison was only able to furnish 100 men, in addition to those 400 from my command, the expedition I sent under Major Wright to Clarksville returned without having accomplished its object. I regretted it, and am making arrangements which I think will enable me as soon as the stock is rested to take a command in person, so as to accomplish the same and other still more important objects.

The rebels have had recruiting officers and parties here after deserters. They have suffered pretty severely from us of late. Besides a number of them being killed, I have some 30 of them in the guard house. I will not liberate them here, but send them to Springfield or Fort Scott, as they would undoubtedly go to work again even if paroled. Lieutenant Phillips was shot through the arm and thigh; both flesh wounds, but severe. It was done in a personal encounter between Lieutenant Phillips, U. S. Army, and Lieutenant Maizo, of the rebel army, a few miles south of Pea Ridge. Maizo was killed. I find that numbers of rebel soldiers are drifting up this way from toward Little Rock, as guerrillas. I shall try and get my Indians to clean them out in the next day or two, before I go forward. I have a number of parties. These I must move forward on the river in the next two weeks, or before the rebels can drive the stock from the Canadian. I have heard nothing about the additional wagons for commissary transportation. I should have desired to know about it, so as to accommodate matters to it. I certainly think that the interests of the service and the Government could be furthered in no cheaper or better way than in clothing and feeding the Choctaws and Creeks, who can be relied on and desire to turn over. I receive no instructions from you, and for the general orders- the result of recent courtmartial- all cases affecting commissioned officers I have forwarded to you, as you might desire to revise them, and as they throw some light on the Indian command. I desire to have the general order printed as it comes from you.

Very respectfully,

WM. A. PHILLIPS, Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Springfield, Mo., February 27, 1863.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Third Division, Finley Creek:

COLONEL: It is reported that Marmaduke is in the vicinity of Salem, Ark., with a considerable force of cavalry, perhaps intending to make a raid upon Rolla, or upon our trains along the Rolla and Springfield road. You will please move your division eastward to some point on the headwaters of the Gasconade, Big Piney, or Big North Fork of White River,where forage can be obtained, and from which you can watch the enemy's movements. Send scouts and spies to Marmaduke's camp frequently, and endeavor to keep yourself thoroughly informed of his movements. You will act, according to circumstances, to meet any movement he may make, keeping me advised of everything. You may delay your movement until the 1st of March, with a view to the mustering of your command to-morrow, and to allow the commissary train, now

