
Loan in your place before that time you mention, and he will confer with General Guitar and all of you without feeling himself involved in the troubles that have incensed many of our Union men in Saint Joseph.

I am, my dear sir, your friend and servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., March 2, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK.

General-in-Chief:

Have ordered Nebraska regiment to report at Sioux City. They are located- two companies at Fort Kearny, balance in eight other places in the Territory. If all go, General Crig telegraphs, the northwest will be left without any protection, and will probably stampede. May I direct two or three companies to remain west of the river!

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major- General/

OMAHA, NEBR., March 2, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in- Chief:

The order for cavalry regiment organizing in this Territory to report to General Cook, Sioux City, will leave a large portion of the frontier settlements, that have contributed half their men, unprotected. Regiment not yet full, and wholly unprepared to move. I request suspension of order until you receive further information from Governor Saunders, now in Washington.

A. S. PADDOCK,

Secretary and Acting Governor of Nebraska.
HDQRS. 8TH AND 9TH DISTS., DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,In the Field, Camp at Bentonville, Ark., March 2, 1863.

Major- General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I received and acknowledged your telegraphic dispatch. I shall maintain myself as well as possible, but it is injurious to the stock, as the forage in all this country, and in Missouri adjoining, is about exhausted. But for your telegraphic dispatch correcting me, I would have marched forward to-day, my design being to get on the grass in the Arkansas Valley, and take some of the boats loaded with corn, with which they expect to organize their force. They are just making the attempt to reorganize their forces now at Fort Smith. I deemed it extremely desirable to demolish all the force up the river before others got to them, and I could have kept my stock and mules from starving in the valley. I mention this, as I deem it necessary that you should know the condition of affairs here, but will obey orders to the best of my ability.

I inclose an order I sent to the rebel hospital at Cane Hill. They have abused their privileges all the time. I have had two companies stationed at Hermansburg, 8 miles southwest of Cane Hill, and prevented the dishonor of the hospitals, by sending an ex-rebel in to attend a friend.

