
The chief rebel surgeon gave him dispatches to Fort Smith, under the impression he was going there, informing them of my movements, and how to scout up the Arkansas River, and cut up the Arkansas Union forces before I could reach them. The uneasiness of the Arkansas troops gives me a great idea more confidence in the Arkansas forces.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. 8TH AND 9TH DISTS., DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,In the Field, Camp at Bentonville, March 2, 1863.

CHIEF SURGEON,

In charge of hospital, Cane Hill, Ark.:

SIR: I have just learned that you have abused the privileges of the flag of truce under which you have been permitted to retain a hospital at Cane Hill. Although it is no more than my duty to arrest you promptly and make your whole establishment prisoners of war, I prefer to adopt a different course for the present, and notify you:

1st. That the hospital at Cane Hill must leave our lines and recross the Arkansas River within five days of the receipt of this notice.

2nd. That no communication of any kind must be sent from the hospital at Cane Hill, except a notification for transportation to the commanding officer at Fort Smith, which must be submitted to the inspection of the officer(Captain Anderson) who carries this dispatch.

3rd. All wounded or sick persons unable to travel without risk of life (and bed-fast) must be left to the care of the citizens of Cane Hill, and their number and names immediately reported to me, with the amount of subsistence and medical stores left there,

In order that you may understand the nature of your offense, I will state that you intrusted one of your military dispatches to the commanding officer at Fort Smith to one of our soldiers, formerly in the rebel service, and this was the means of detection of what, there has been too much reason to believe, has flagrantly been done for some time.

I have the honor to remain,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp on Finley Creek, Mo., March 2, 1863.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Army of the Frontier:

COLONEL: I am directed by the colonel commanding to inform you that the Third Division will move this morning at 8 o'clock in an easterly direction, and, according to present arrangement, will go to what in known as the Mountain S	tore, in Texas County, a distance of 35 miles from here.

The colonel will move forward, in advance of the infantry and transportation, with the most effective force of cavalry, leaving a sufficient force of cavalry back with the main command. When he will arrive at the Mountain Store, he will send out scouting parties from there until

