
the infantry and transportation comes up, which will be at least four days, with the present condition of the roads.

I received reports from the forces left at Forsyth, pursuant to General Orders, Numbers 13, very late last night, which are in very awkward shape and not correct, but it would be almost impossible to get another return if sent back from here, which accounts for their being forwarded in such shape.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. McQUEEN,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans., March 2, 1863.

Information having been received at these headquarters of such a character as to leave little doubt that there is an organization in this State for the ostensible object of protecting themselves and loyal persons against the enemies of the Government, but whose real design is to engage in a system of illegitimate and indiscriminate plunder, rendering property, and even life, insecure, and exempting no class of persons from the operation of their piracy, all such persons are therefore notified that ample opportunities are allowed to manifest their zeal for their country and punish her enemies in a legitimate manner and under proper authority, and that it is the determination of the general commanding that all lawlessness shall be suppressed. Peaceable and loyal citizens must and shall be protected in their property and lives, and the offenders, whoever they may be, punished according to law. To this end all commanding officers within this district are hereby directed to be vigilant and prompt in detecting such offenders, and aiding the civil officers in causing the arrest of all persons engaged in a violation of the civil law. When the civil authorities have no place of safety to hold such offenders in custody, they will be received by the commanding officers of Forts Scott and Leavenworth, to be held until demanded for trial.

By order of Brigadier General James G. Blunt:

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Lieutenant- Colonel and Chief of Staff.

HDQR. 8TH AND 9TH DISTS., DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,

In the Field, Camp Bentonville, March 3, 1863.

General BLUNT:

SIR: The forces in the district are at present located as follows: Third Brigade, Army of the Frontier, her; First, Second, and Third [Regiments], except two companies, at Fort Blunt, near Fort Wayne; five companies of Third Indian at Neosho, Mo., and one company of First at Waters' Mill.

The Third Battalion Tenth Illinois was gone to Cassville, under some telegraphic orders from Schofield, no notice being sent me. I stopped them until some order in proper shape, and through the proper channel, had been sent, but they got out of the district before I had notice or time. At the post Fayetteville is the First Arkansas Cavalry, in poor condition; First Arkansas Infantry, 400 present, absent, sick, &amp;c., and a battery (50 men without guns), the latter two forces being of no conse

