
FORT RILEY, KANS., March 4, 1863.

Lieutenant LORING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the detachment of Company I, Ninth Kansas Volunteers, whom I informed you were in pursuit of the Pawnee Indians, were compelled to fall back, not being strong enough to risk an engagement, and that I have sent a re- enforcement of 60 men, under command of Captain Read, who I have no doubt will give a good account of himself.

Last night two citizens arrived here, giving a most fearful account of the ravages of Indians on the Solomon River. The settlers were stripped of everything- cattle, horses, food, clothing, bedding, &amp;c., and all their arms they could get. I have dispatched every available man to their assistance, retaining hardly sufficient for post duty, and it may even be necessary to send what are remaining. In such a case, would it be proper for me to call upon the citizens to guard this post, if I left a commissioned officer here, and should I be justified in issuing rations to citizens thus called in! An early reply will greatly oblige.

I have the honor to be, yours, respectfully,

JOHN E. STEWART,

Captain, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp Mountain Grove, Wright County, Mo., March 5, 1863.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Springfield, Mo.,

The colonel commanding the Third Division [directs me] to inform you that the scouting party which was sent a few days [ago] to West Plains returned last evening, and brings reliable information of the rebel force under Marmaduke being encamped a short distance below Batesville, Ark., and is shoeing his horses and getting his command in good condition; also [that] Burbridge's command is in and around Salem, but has no permanent place, but keeps moving about as circumstances may dictate. The scouting party came close upon a party or independent company, who keep skulking through the mountains in this vicinity, dressed in the Federal uniform, numbering about 100 men, but did not capture any of them.

I inclose a copy of a communication* sent to these headquarters by Lieutenant Colonel D. Kent, commanding the Nineteenth Regiment Iowa Infantry, at Forsyth, in reference to casualty which happened to some of his men while crossing the river; also his opinion about the practicability of crossing on said boats.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. McQUEEN,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DIST. OF ROLLA, DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,

Rolla, Mo., March 5, 1863.

During the two years' war and rapine which has reigned within the limits of this district, the military authorities of the United States have exercised great clemency and indulgence toward rebels and their sympathizers, while they, regardless of civilized customs, enlightened laws,

