
and their most solemn oaths, have done all in their power to annoy and maltreat loyal citizens, and to murder and waylay the soldiers of the Union. Such outrages will no longer be tolerated. Guerrillas will be dealt with in accordance with the established military laws of civilized nations and with orders issued from the general commanding the department. Citizens uttering disloyal sentiments, or aiding either by word or deed the enemies of the Government, will be escorted without the limits of the district under guard, and if found again within its lines they will be promptly arrested and dealt with as spies. Citizens must be wholly loyal or through traitors. There is no middle ground to occupy, and, while extending protection to Union men, no leniency will be shown to those who are rebels.

S. H. BOYD,

Colonel, Commanding District.

[Indorsement.]

Sharp, but probably all right.

SAML. R. CURTIS.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Carch 6, 1863.

Major- General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: A young man (of Benton County), representing himself as a deserter from Hindman, surrendered yesterday. He imparts the following information: Marmaduke is just across the river from Batesville; his force is 3, 000. Holmes and Hindman at Little Rock; strength, 10, 000. Colonel Coffee was acquitted by the court-martial; is now in Missouri on recruiting service. A large number of officers and privates of Hindman's army are sent to Missouri to bushwhack and recruit; mostly gone north of the river. Colonel Porter died near Batesville; Jeff. Thompson takes his place. The Third Division, Army of the Frontier, is at Mountain Store.

I have thought proper to hold Houston Post a while longer. Glover has sent all the wagons from here there, to call them in. If the Third Division proceeds in a southeasterly direction, it appears warrantable in holding Houston as an important intermediate, &amp;c.

General, I deserve your severest censure for furloughing some of my men without asking your permission. I confess my guilt and shame, and ask you to attribute it to my precipitancy of feeling in their behalf. It is the first act of my life for which I am justly guilty of disrespect and disobedience; it shall be the last. After and since doing so, I have undergone severe punishment in mind and feeling of no ordinary measure. A great many refugees, mostly females, are her destitute. I am registering them, and think proper to notify the aid society of their wants.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. H. BOYD,

Colonel, Commanding Post and District.
HDQRS. SECOND MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Bloomfield, March 6, 1863.

General DAVIDSON,

Commanding Saint Louis Dist. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Large supplies of corn are being collected at Chalk Bluff. Couriers have been sent to Marmaduke, who was expected there last

10 R R- VOL XXII. PT II

