
night with his whole command and nine pieces of artillery, My company, left in the rear to bring up the two howitzers, has not arrived, and I can hear nothing of them. I have sent a messenger to look for Colonel Lindsay, and hear nothing of him. Can you re-enforce us with a good regiment of infantry and a battery! We made a dash for Thompson on the 5th and 6th, going to Clarkton, where his force was reported; captured all his pickets, which extended for 30 miles up the road; killed 9 and captured 27. Thompson dropped down the point, trying to get me far enough from this post to put it in the power of his force at the bluff. I fell back for the protection of Bloomfield. Will make a dash at Chalk Bluff as soon as my howitzers come up.

JOHN McNEIL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp Mountain Grove, March 6, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier:

GENERAL: We will be obliged to leave this point, on account of scarcity of forage, within five days, which will be as soon as the horses and mules will reach us from Rolla. We can obtain no forage this side of Spring Creek, some 40 miles southeast of this point.

Marmaduke is said by my scouts to be below Batesville, shoeing horses, &amp;c., preparing for a move in some direction. Burbridge is reported as being below Salem, Ark., with 1,000 men. There are small scouting parties of the enemy between Salem, Ark., and West Plains, Mo. I have a scout of 75 men at or near West Plains.

Unless otherwise ordered, I will, when we move again, take the cavalry belonging to the division and move on Salem, Ark.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel, Commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., March 7, 1863.

Major- General HALLECK, General- in- Chief:

General Davidson reports that Colonel McNeil encountered forces of Jeff. Thompson below Bloomfield; killed 9 rebels and took 20 prisoners; also considerable live stock. Marmaduke is reported near Chalk Bluff with his force from Nebraska. General Crig reports the Ute Indians stealing horses on stage line; were pursued, and stock recovered. Lieutenant commanding badly wounded. Fifty of troops under Colonel Collins, Ohio cavalry, going to relief of Fort Halleck, caught in snow storm and badly frosted. Two frozen to death.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Springfield, Mo., March 7, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM F. CLOUD,

Commanding District of Southwestern Missouri:

COLONEL: It is impossible for me at present to give a very satisfactory answer to your inquiries about the positions and movements of my

