
command, but I have none at my disposal for that purpose. I shall leave here on the 12th and be at Fort Leavenworth on the 15th instant.

I desire to call your attention to the payment of the Indian regiments, as their families are very destitute and dependent upon the soldiers' pay. If there is any lack of funds at Saint Louis, I think that Major Hunt, at Fort Leavenworth, has sufficient to pay them to the last of February, and he might be directed to send a paymaster for that purpose, as it will be now convenient to send an escort this way, as it will be on the line of communication for supplying that command. I think the rolls of the last muster have been sent to Fort Leavenworth.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 114. Washington, March 10, 1863.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

XVIII. Major General E. V. Sumner, U. S. Volunteers, having been assigned to the command of the Department of the Missouri, will proceed to Saint Louis, Mo., accordingly.* The quartermaster will furnish necessary transportation for his horses.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., March 11, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS:

The Tennessee Forts Henry and Heiman, transferred to the Department of the Cumberland, were evacuated, by order of General Rosecrans, yesterday, and occupied by the rebels to-day. General Sullivan's forces are all withdrawn to Jackson, leaving open the way for the rebels either to Paducah or Columbus. I embark with troops to retake the fort, and would request you to re-enforce Columbus for the time of my absence with two regiments of infantry and one light battery. Please answer.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, March 11, 1863.

Commanding Officer Cape Girardeau:

I have just received information from General Asboth, commanding at Columbus, that the scouts from New Madrid have discovered Marmaduke in the neighborhood of Bloomfield with a large force. Inform General McNeil by express at once. Cape Girardeau may also be threatened, but, with the infantry you now have, you ought to whip ten times your numbers of Marmaduke's men. Warn McNeil to be on his guard, as, if Marmaduke's force is very heavy, he may have to retire upon Girardeau. Keep me advised by telegram. Troops are at hand if wanted.

DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-This must be acknowledge from Girardeau to-night. Let me know if the First Nebraska has got down.

---------------

*General Sumner died on March 21, 1863.

---------------

