
III. Surg. Madison Mills having been relieved from duty in this department, Surg. D. L. Magruder is assigned to duty as medical director, to date from the 5th instant.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH IOWA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Forsyth, Mo., March 14, 1863.

General [SCHOFIELD]:

I have the honor to relate that our forage train has been attacked, about 20 miles from here, be about 400 of the enemy. The messenger coming in after re-enforcements informs me that they are being held in check by the escort to the train, composed of about 70 cavalry and 50 infantry. I have just dispatched all the wagons I had loaded with infantry (only six), with about 25 cavalry (all in camp), to their relief. From several scouts, and from other sources, I learn that we shall be attacked at this place before many days by a combined force under Coffee and several other leaders, and would respectfully suggest that you send re-enforcements immediately, composed in part of artillery.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. KENT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Lebanon, March 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN,

Commanding Second Division, Camp on Elk Creek:

GENERAL: I am informed by General Curtis that he has information, via Helena, to the effect that McCulloch has re-enforced Marmaduke at Batesville, and contemplates a movement northward toward Pilot Knob or Rolla. I have instructed Colonel Geiger, commanding Third Division, to watch the enemy's movements and inform you, as well as me, of all that may occur, so that you may re-enforce him, if necessary. If you receive information from Colonel Geiger of any movement of the enemy, such as to require your action, you will please move at once, without waiting for instructions from me, join the Third Division, assume command of the combined force, and act according to your judgment. I do not think an advance of the enemy at all probable, notwithstanding the report, but give these general instructions in view of possibilities. I will join you if future information corroborates that just received. I inclose dispatch to Colonel Geiger on same subject. Will you please forward it to his camp? He was at Mountain Store when last heard from; may have gone to Houston, West Plains, or Salem, Ark.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Lebanon, March 15, 1863.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Third Division:

COLONEL: Information received by way of Helena is to the effect that McCulloch has joined Marmaduke at Battesville, making their combined force about 6,000 men, and that they design moving north, either

