
disposed portion of the population would guarantee protection to trade but if cotton and commerce are kings all subjects must obey.

The rage for cotton speculation seriously embarrasses all military operations in this region. The trading boats land men at all the ports, and send the mas runners through the enemy's country to hunt up and drum up cotton. The loyalty of such runners cannot be relied upon; every movement of the army is known and spread by them over the enemy's country. While there, they tell all about our army, to protect themselves from arrest, and avow themselves the best of Southern men; when they return, they tell all about the rebel army, and avow themselves the best of Union men and thus they are spies in a double sense. Every facility ought to be given by the Government to get out the cotton in exchange for money, except gold. Provisions and family supplies ought to be given for wood only, as it is highly important to our army transportation.

Write me privately on this subject.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. GORMAN.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN MISSOURI,

Warrenton, Mo., January 3, 1863.

GENTLEMEN: I am directed by General Merrill to instruct you that no orders from any competent source have been given to stop the assessment in Northern Missouri, and that no such order will be made at any future time, except it be by some authority of an officer superior to himself, and then it will be against his hearty protest. You will accordingly proceed with your work as rapidly as possible, in order that the amount assessed may be collected at once. Should any order stopping the assessment be made by proper authority, you will be at once notified. I am directed to state, in addition, that, in this matter, you are not under the control of any local military commanders, or subject to any orders, except those from General Merrill. Neither are you subject to any control from the Governor or any officer of the Enrolled Militia of this State in regard to the matter.

By order of Brigadier-General Merrill:

GEO. M. HOUSTON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., January 4, 1863.

Gov. HAMILTON R. GAMBLE, Jefferson City:

GOVERNOR: I have yours of the 29th ultimo, in regard to relying on the Enrolled Militia, and proposing a conference on the subject. The demand for troops below had induced me to send out almost everything, so there is only Merrill's regiment of United States troops remaining north of the river. This is only partially armed. We must, therefore, rely mainly on the Enrolled Militia. If the matter be prudently managed, I have no fears. The Enrolled Militia are everywhere, and act, therefore, as sentinels in each neighborhood. Hindman's complete rout must disable him, so he is not likely to come again with a large force. The only trouble will be the return of rebel deserters to their homes in Missouri. To prevent new organizations of bands from this

