
wheel for provisions all the time. He is most respected gentleman, and I have the highest respect for him as such, but to this regiment he is a rheumatic incumbrance that it should be rid of.

I dispatch you a telegram, and will do so as I am better posted. I now feel safe in holding these counties.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Lebanon, Mo., March 17, 1863.

Colonel W. F. GEIGER,

Commanding Third Division:

COLONEL: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that these headquarters will, on to-morrow, the 18th, be removed to Waynesville, to which point please send all communications for the same.

Lieutenant Thatcher will go at once to Rolla, from which point all mail matter for your division will be sent.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., March 17, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I transmit inclosed a letter which General Curtis has forwarded to me,* and invite your attention to it. The statements contained in it are, I have no doubt, true, as they came to me through other reliable sources. The condition of things set forth as obtaining in the southern counties of Iowa is to be found in less, but increasing, degree both in Wisconsin and Minnesota. The same reports are also sent to me from Dakota, but the presence of a military force in the Territory will be sufficient to prevent any serious consequences. I think that the state of affairs in the Northwest, in the particulars referred to in the accompanying letter, is grave enough to engage the serious attention of the Government. It is, doubtless, impolitic to take any present action on the subject, but matters should be so arranged that the necessary steps can be taken as soon as the emergency arises. Some well-considered system to meet the condition of things which is likely to obtain in this department as soon as it is attempted to execute the late conscription act should be determined on in advance, and the necessary means be placed in readiness to carry it out. I am not prepared to say how much or how extensive the danger is from these sources, but that organizations are being made in various parts of Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota to resist, by force, the execution of the conscript law, I do not doubt, and I therefore consider it proper to invite the attention of the Government to the subject in time to provide for any contingency.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Gallagher to Curtis, with inclosures, pp.104-107.

---------------

