
WAYNESVILLE, MO., March 18, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER:

Dispatch received. You need not go to Forsyth unless you receive information from that place showing it to be necessary. I have heard nothing from there since my order for you to march, and hence infer the danger cannot be so imminent as was represented. I would like you to occupy, if possible, a position from which you can support the force at Forsyth in case of danger. I hope in a few days to be able to know the difficulty under which we are laboring. Do the best you can for forage.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp Springs Valley, Texas County, Mo., March 18, 1863.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Frontier:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding directs me to inform you that the Third Division will leave this place this morning at 7 o'clock and march to Gladden Valley, which is near the line of Shannon and Dent Counties. We find but very little forage in this section, and are informed that Casto Valley, 6 miles north of here, is more destitute than this, as the troops from Houston have foraged through here. You will find a note inclosed from Captain Burrows,* who was sent on a road south of the one the main command traveled on, which will give you an idea how forage is in that section. From the best information we can obtain, there is sufficient forage in Gladden Valley to subsist the command ten days or two weeks, unless the natives' "right smart chance" turns out as it does through here. Roads good; transportation gets along very well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. McQUEEN,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, March 9, 1863.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

MAJOR: In answer to your communication of yesterday,* I have the honor to inform you that the following-named regiments and battery and detachment, with their commanders, have left this district for Major-General Grant's army: Brigadier General E. A. Carr, Brigadier General William P. Benton; Eighth Indiana Infantry, Colonel David Shunk; Eighteenth Indiana Infantry, Colonel H. D. Washburn; Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry, Colonel C. L. Harris; Thirty-third Illinois Infantry, Colonel C. E. Lippincott; Ninety-ninth Illinois Infantry, Colonel G. W. K. Bailey, Twenty-first Iowa Infantry, Colonel S. Merrill; Twenty-second Iowa Infantry,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

11 R-VOL XXII, PT II

