
Colonel W. M. Stone; Twenty-third Iowa Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel [Samuel L.] Glasgow; First Indiana Battery, Captain M. Klauss, and detachment Third Illinois Cavalry, Captain [John L.] Campbell.

I am, major, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. 8TH AND 9TH DISTS., DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,In the Field, Camp Moonlight, Ark., March 19, 1863.

Major-General BLUNT:

I am in camp 20 miles east of Hildebrand's Mill, east of Camp Babcock, in supporting distance of Fayetteville and Hildebrand's, where I have made a post. It holds all the upper part of the Nation. The only good mill, and where I can saw pine lumber for bridges and boats. The Indians are very impatient to have the refugees home, and go into the Nation. Colonel Ross writes me an imploring letter from Neosho. Is the train furnished by the agents, or has it started? I am ignorant of the movements of the other troops. Advise me. The enemy intended to take Fayetteville, and moved on Clarksville and Ozark for that purpose. I made my dispositions to fight them at Elm Springs, but they found out I was on hand, and backed out. They still have forces on the river, but do not pretend to come above Clarksville on this side, except temporarily. The Arkansas River is falling; fordable, but deep, above Webber's. There is grass, so that stock could live in Arkansas Valley. I have been directed not to go on the river, but expected to hear from you for a week. My stock has suffered some, but not so much as I expected. The First Arkansas Cavalry can only furnish me 100 mounted men, and I have had to escort their trains, partially, from Cassville. My mule teams are nearly as good as when I got them, but that was poor; horses poor; very difficult to scout far with my stock. Could take Fort Smith any moment that I was permitted to do so. Rebels have begun to feed destitute Indians south of Arkansas River, in imitation. We ought to be there. Magee and train started to Fort Scott two days ago.

Respectfully,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. 8TH AND 9TH DISTS., DEPT., OF THE MISSOURI,In the Field, Camp Moonlight, Ark., March 19, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

SIR: Camped midway between Hildebrand's Mill, Cherokee Nation, and Fayetteville, Ark., in supporting distance of the latter; made post at the mill and run the pest hospital 1 mile from there.

Occasionally a new case of small-pox in camp, but have kept it down very well so far. Sent starving refugees, who have come to camp from the Nation, to the mill; also stock, disabled and poor, to pasture on Illinois cane bottoms. Grass in Arkansas Valley' Arkansas River falling; fordable, but deep fording, above Webber's Falls. Rebels are trying to furnish corn for Indians south of the Arkansas River, and also to drive stock from there and the Canadian River. Rebel Indian

