
purpose of attacking Forsyth in the rear. This would be comparatively easy, now that the Third Division has moved east. It will be necessary for you to watch that region of country carefully.

You are authorized to move your division for forage whenever it shall become necessary, and in whatever direction you find it expedient, keeping in view, however, the necessity I have mentioned of guarding the passes between the position you may occupy and White River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp Gladden Valley, Mo., March 21, 1863.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Frontier:

COLONEL: I am directed by the colonel commanding the division to inform you that he has taken all the available cavalry force of the division, and started after the party of whom Lieutenant Colonel J. McNulta speaks in the inclosed report.* Also three pieces of artillery, and six days' rations for the men, in wagons.

After joining with the different scouting parties now out, his whole force will be between 700 and 800. It is the intention to attack the party of rebels said to be on Spring River, and to gain more definite information of Marmaduke's whereabouts.

There are indefinite rumors in circulation that the force left at Forsyth have been attacked by a party of rebels, with artillery, &amp;c., from the opposite side of the river, killing 12 or the Nineteenth Iowa, and sinking all the ferry-boats. If such is the case, the presumption is that you have been informed of the fact ere this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. McQUEEN,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. 8TH AND 9TH DISTS., DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,In the Field, Camp Tom. Moonlight, March 21, 1863.

Major-General BLUNT:

SIR: I have so far heard nothing from you since your first general letter of instruction. From Dr. Gillpatrick I have not heard. The refugees at Neosho send heart-rending appeals to me. Twice the Indian officers have signed an earnest appeal. I read your first letter to them, and, after waiting two weeks, they sent a most earnest protest against Major Harlan and the Indian Department (which I forwarded). The trust is, something has got to be done promptly, or the interest of the Government in the Indian Nation will suffer. So far, their confidence in me has made them wait, but it places me in a condition at once critical and embarrassing. I think I can keep the most of them all right, but our interests south of the Arkansas are suffering. Hours are precious. I am now near Illinois River, midway between Faytteville and Hildebrand's Mill. I am able to-day to clean out Fort Smith, and all above it, and hold Fort Gibson, reaching into the Creek and Choctaw Nation. I wait orders to move, and am willing to take upon myself all the responsibility. I sent Captain Anderson with the pay-rolls to

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

