
He represents that a majority of the people are of the opinion that the Confederacy has played out, while others are enthusiastic over the expected return of Price.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. CLOUD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. 8TH AND 9TH DISTS., DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,In the Field, [March 22, 1863.]

Major-General BLUNT:

I inclose a very singular set of documents, being part of negotiations entered into by Colonel Harrison. It is needless to add that I have quashed the thing. So far I have been able to keep very good relations with these Arkansas fellows, but they have miscounted my civility into fear. Harrison is a man I think probably well of, but a little weak. I think he can be got to do good work. I inclose it for your information.

Very respectfully,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosures.]
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., March 4, 1863.

Commanding Officer United States Forces at Faytteville:

SIR: The bearer of this letter, Captain J. F. Crosby, assistant adjutant-general, goes to your headquarters, under a flag of truce, with certain communications. He is fully empowered to make arrangements with reference to the matters treated of. I commend him to your favorable consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. 8TH AND 9TH DISTS., DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,In the Field, Camp Moonlight, Ark., March 21, 1863.

Memorandum of an agreement entered into between Colonel M. La Rue Harrison, U. S. Volunteers, commanding at Faytteville, Ark., and Captain J. F. Crosby, assistant adjutant-general, C. S. Army, as the agent and representative, under a flag of truce, of Brigadier General William Steele, C. S. Army, commanding Department of the Indian Territory, viz:

1st. On the application to the proper authorities, families are permitted to remove without the lines of either force, provided that, when an election has been made to so remove, such removal shall be deemed permanent.

2nd. Families availing themselves of the privilege herein granted shall be permitted to carry with them their personal effects, and all articles (not being contraband of war) necessary for their convenience and comfort, subsistence, &amp;c., while en route from one line to the other. They shall be allowed to purchase or hire the necessary transportation for the purposes herein indicated, and all hired transportation shall be permitted to return.

