
3rd. For the protection of such families, their effects, and transportation, a safe conduct from one line to the other, in all cases, shall be given.

4th. A public notification of the agreement hereby shall be given at the respective headquarters herein represented within three days from the singing thereof.

Entered into this 17th day of March, 1863, at Faytteville, Ark.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel First Arkansas Cav., Commanding Post at Faytteville, Ark.

J. F. CROSBY,

Asst. Adjt. General, C. S. Army, Department of the Indian Territory.
HDQRS. 8TH AND 9TH DISTS., DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,In the Field, Camp Moonlight, Ark., March 21, 1863.

Colonel M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Commanding Post, Fayetteville, Ark.:

SIR: Your messenger last night brought me your negotiation between you and rebel officers. If it had been proper to enter into such negotiations at all, it would have been the correct course for you to refer all communications affecting such matters to these headquarters, as commander of the post at Faytteville, subject to my orders. I regret that you should have complicated any portion of my command with proposals so dangerous to the interests and dignity of the Government.

In the first place, the rebels are evidently preparing for a stampede to Red River, and it can be no part of the policy of a Government officer to permit disloyal citizens to crowd into Texas after them, with their property, to strengthen their tottering cause. Neither do I believe for a moment that they would permit loyal men in South Arkansas and Texas to bring their families and property here unmolested. They are holding them now in an despotism, and the proposal is as treacherous as it is unfair.

While the Government of the United States has recognized the rebel army as having belligerent rights to negotiate exchanges, it is utterly inadmissible for any one assuming to be the representative of the Government to authorize persons to cross and recross any boundary line, whether it be the Arkansas or Red River, and permanently remain as two distinct nationalities on either side. Of this insidious attempt at a geographical demonstration, I am happy in being able to assure you that the Government has never, for a moment, authorized any military officer in this district to make or receive a proposal so dangerous. Our duty is in the field. The so-called "articles of agreement," with my indorsement on them rejecting them, you will send back to the commanding officer at Fort Smith.

I regret that you should again have permitted rebel officers bearing a flag of truce to come within your lines. I distinctly notified you when it occurred before that it must not be permitted to occur again.

In reference to your other negotiations for the exchange of prisoners, I inclose you a copy of the cartel adopted [illegible] Landing, which governs it. When you have prisoners to exchange you will notify me, and I will give the commanding officer of any Confederate forces in the vicinity who has exchanges to make an opportunity from time to time to exchange at such places in the district as may be suitable for them and for me. The negotiations which you have thought proper to make for the district are sent back rejected. I shall cheerfully furnish all proper facility to exchange prisoners, but can never consent to parole

