
The First Regiment was originally infantry, but, when mounted, two companies of the Second were transferred to it, leaving me with but eight companies and one battery. The officers being appointed by myself, makes us somewhat independent of the Governor, and, I think, disposes him to do us no more than justice.

Major Fillmore, paymaster, brings a report that all my regiment is ordered to the States, but I am informed that General Curtis has ordered one of my companies to Fort Garland and one to remain at Fort Lyon. This, I hope, General Sumner, will not be allowed by you. I wish my regiment together, if the good of the service does not require it to be separated. And should you require good mounted troops, I can assure you will find the mountain men of the Second Regiment Colorado Volunteers as good material as any to make them from.

You will also find the quartermaster's department out here also a little mixed. Captain [S. H.] Moer, of the Volunteers, was the assistant quartermaster when General Curtis took command of this department. He was relieved by Lieutenant Anderson, of the First Colorado Cavalry, but he, I believe, did not give satisfaction to the Department, and Captain Alley, of the Third U. S. Infantry, who has been here for nearly two years as general disbursing officer of the War Department, has been ordered to relieve him. If so, the Government may be saved thousands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

Colonel, Commanding Second Colorado Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, March 23, 1863.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

MAJOR: By direction of the general commanding the department, I report briefly the location and employment of the troops in my district: One regiment of infantry guarding Pacific Railroad; one regiment of infantry guarding Iron Mountain Railroad; one regiment of artillery, garrison of forts of Saint Louis; one regiment of infantry, provost and prison guards of Saint Louis City; at New Madrid, a fort and heavy guns, and one regiment of infantry; at Cape Girardeau, four forts and heavy guns, and one small regiment of infantry; at Pilot Knob, and operating from that base, Third Iowa Cavalry (part of a regiment), Third Missouri Cavalry, Tenth Missouri State Militia, and part of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, and one battery of four guns, on the west side of Saint Francis River to the State line; on the east side of the Saint Francis River, General McNeil's troops, consisting of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, First Wisconsin Cavalry, Second Missouri State Militia, and one battery.

Two columns are necessary, one on each side of the Saint Francis, owing to the swamps extending along the river, every path through which is known to the enemy.

I do not believe any of the above troops can be spared, except, probably, the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, after McNeil's operations are over. I say the Fourth Missouri, because the other troops are more familiar with the country.

The troops at Benton Barracks make a great show on paper, but they

