
are paroled men and incomplete regiments that are sent off as fast as their organization and equipment is made.

Appended are telegrams, showing necessity of operations now going on and need of troops in my district.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosures.]

BARNESVILLE, March 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON:

James H. McChord, a painter by trade, and originally from Indiana, coming from Pocahontas, Ark., has just entered our lines. He left Pocahontas on the 16th instant, and crossed Current River some 10 miles above Van Buren. He reports Reves' and Carter's band to be about 250 strong, combined. They are now infesting the country lying between Doniphan, Greenville, and Martinsburg, and are principally engaged in enforcing the conscript law. Reves' men are all dressed in Federal cavalry coats. Colonel Greene, with 400 or 500 men (conscripts) stationed at Pocahontas.

Marmaduke's force, including Colonel Burbridge's regiment, is estimated to be 2,000 strong. His headquarters are now at Alton, Oregon County, Missouri, and his command is scattered along Spring River down to Batesville, Ark. Marmaduke is said to have six pieces of artillery.

Will send McChord, under guard, to Pilot Knob.

THEO. HARTMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, March 22 [21?], 1863.

General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding District:

General McNeil sends me dispatch to-night, stating that Marmaduke's advance camped at Cane Creek, 7 miles from Poplar Bluff, last Wednesday night. He sent his adjutant, with 50 men, to reconnoiter on Thursday noon, but has not heard from him since. He calls very anxiously for my regiment to defend the crossing of Castor River, and fears the enemy may cut off his supplies and communication with this place. He says there is nothing in the nature of the ground to prevent this. Cane Creek is south of Reeves' Station.

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

PATTERSON, MO., March 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON:

This a.m. my vedettes, on the Doniphan road, reported rumors of rebel cavalry, in large force, advancing from below Doniphan on that place. Report is confirmed by the statement of one Penny, a British subject, refugee from White County, Arkansas. Substance is, he passed, March 20, with three battalions and three pieces of artillery, under Burbridge, on the Pocahontas road, en route for Doniphan. There are two companies west of Van Buren, at Eleven Points, 10 miles from Van Buren; does not know if it is part of Burbridge's force; thinks not. He could learn nothing of the point Burbridge wished to strike. This is

