
I can there hold three times my force. I have sent a company of the First Wisconsin, with a good officer, to repair bridges, culverts, and mend the roads, that we may get there with least possible delay when the time comes. If he entertains any ideas of crossing at Chalk Bluff, I will soon put an end to them.

I inclose you copy of report of Lieutenant-Colonel Pomeroy,* and am, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 23, 1863.

Major-General POPE,

Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: Your letters of the 12th, in regard to condemned Indian prisoners, and also requesting that additional brigadier-general be sent to you, are received.

Your letters in regard to the Indian prisoners have several times been laid before the Secretary of War, and always with the same result. The Department of the Interior refuses to take charge of the, or to furnish any means for their support. We, therefore, have no alternative but to guard and feed them until the President sees fit to otherwise dispose of them.

Brigadier-General Sibley has been reappointed, and is for duty in your department; as also General Smith, formerly of your staff. General Roberts will be sent to you as soon as he can be replaced at Harper's Ferry. Probably another will also be sent. But three brigadier-generals are a full proportion for the number of your troops. In all the departments brigades are commanded by colonels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 24, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: Pursuant to your letter marked official, and directed to the late General Sumner, as commander of this department, I have directed a change in the destination of the Fourth Missouri and First Wisconsin Cavalry, from General Grant to General Rosecrans. I have sent the Marine Brigade, under General Ellet, and eight regiments, under General Carr, and three Iowa regiments, parts in Iowa and parts in Benton Barracks, await the union contemplated in their orders to move if transports can be secured. I have only sent infantry and artillery, supposing these arms were most available for General Grant; and transports being insufficient for the whole, I send these forces first. Every order or request requiring troops from my command has been filled with all the promptness possible, and to the full extent of your meaning, and whoever "reports" to the contrary, gives you false and pernicious representations. There is an effort, as you know, to get all the Federal force out of the State (a communication devoutly desired by me), and those who cater to this idea may make a showing of the sick,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

