
[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 28, 1863.

Respectfully referred to His Excellency Governor Gamble, inviting his attention to the matter of the Enrolled Militia and the insecure condition of the State arms. Many similar letters have been received, and much apprehension exists concerning this matter among the people of that vicinity.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 30, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS:

The intention of the preparation for renewing the war in Missouri is new to me. I had information of a band in Illinois, and am preparing to demand the leader a fugitive from justice, with the hope that Governor Yates will arrest the band.

Governor Kirkwood informs me of fugitives, but has not furnished me with names. I send you a copy of the letter in reply to his.*

In view of possible trouble in Northern Missouri, I have ordered the organization of four regiments of picked men, Enrolled Missouri Militia. I send copy of order issued to one of the district generals.* Similar order issued for Northwestern District.

In respect to arms, I have directed Colonel Wood, one of my aides, to proceed through Northern Missouri, and cause all public arms to be collected and sent to depots to be established at posts where a strong force is always kept. This direction was given in the latter end of last week. The purpose has been to send home all the Enrolled Missouri Militia, except the regiments selected and organized as provisional regiments. There will be an earnest co-operation with troops of the United States in putting down any uprising.

If you approve of the organization and calling out of these selected regiments, you can held me very much by recommending to the President to furnish the required funds for their expenses.

H. R. GAMBLE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 4, 1863.

Respectfully returned, and attention invited to indorsements.

By command of General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 25, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER,

Commanding First Division, Camp near Mouth of King's Fork:

Your dispatch of yesterday is received. The troops at Forsyth are temporarily attached to your division, and you will assume command over them accordingly. You will so dispose your troops as to hold Forsyth securely against any probable attack. If it the necessary, on account of forage, cross a part of your division over the river and occupy

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

