
ordered him "to make everything secure" at New Madrid, and advised him that it was an "important place to keep."

Colonel Scott has deserted the limits of my command with his whole force.

I would, therefore, respectfully recommend to the major-general commanding that he recommend to the General-in-Chief to cause the arrest of General Davies and Colonel Scott and have them held for trial.

I will make out the formal charges as soon as I can obtain the exact dates, amount of property destroyed, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

SAINT LOUIS, January 5, 1863.

Respectfully referred to headquarters, Washington.

So far as General Davies is concerned, he made the proper report to me, and I have expressed my regrets to him. His apprehensions induced the order, and his immediate commander will be the proper officer to determine whether further action should be taken.

Colonel Scott should be arrested for neglecting orders which I directed General Carr to communicate to him, and sent with his command back to my department to answer in the premises.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLUMBUS,January 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General GORMAN, Commanding Helena:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that no troops have been halted at this post by my order alone, but by authority from Major-Generals Halleck and Curtis. The troops are being forwarded now as rapidly as transportation can be procured. A battery left yesterday for Memphis, and two regiments will leave to-day.

I am, general, very respectfully,

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, U. S. VOLUNTEERS,Columbus, Ky., January 5, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have my entire command in readiness to ship as soon as transportation reaches us. I yesterday forwarded, by steamer Black Hawk, Schofield's battery. They are ordered to Helena, though General Grant's order is to stop us all at Memphis. I am this day loading the Twenty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry and Thirty-third Missouri Infantry on steamers Swallow and Florence. I shall go to Memphis in person to-night to drive by and away from that point the troops from your department. My adjutant will remain here and conduct the embarkation. I have traded the Twenty-first Missouri Infantry to General Davies for the Fortieth Iowa Infantry. Colonel Moore is a valuable man for post duty; is not good for field service, as he has but one leg. His

