
every exertion to fill up their ranks. Price is writing everywhere that he will move north as soon as grass grows. Marmaduke has sent a party of some thousand men to Vera Cruz, Mo. The boldness with which the guerrillas hang around my camp, coupled with information received, and the behavior of the secession inhabitants, all convince me that we had better prepare for another invasion. Of course, movements of our armies elsewhere being unknown to me, may change this programme. I find forage in great abundance as yet, and can remain in this country for some time. I want more cavalry just now. The Arkansas troops would be invaluable if over here, so that I might throw them out south. Prisoners state Marmaduke's forces were to assemble at Yellville on the 1st of April. I sent a party in that direction while we were over attacking the rebel camp at Crooked Creek. They had two reconnoitering parties examining my camp. Vegetation here is very forward; animals can live now upon the grass. I am thrashing corn, so as to deposit it at Forsyth. Let us make the fight that is approaching in Arkansas. If we gain a victory, we have the State. Marmaduke can now be bagged if some force is moved against his front. I take him in the rear.

Yours, respectfully,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. WEST. ARK. AND IND. T., DEPT. OF THE MO.,In the Field, Camp Park Hill, April 2, 1863.

Major-General BLUNT,

Fort Scott, Kans.:

SIR: The refugees arrived here two days ago. I appointed a committee to allot land districts, and they have gone to work. The Cherokees are greatly rejoiced. A considerable portion of my command is at Fort Gibson. The enemy are trying to concentrate on the other side. I wish they would, as it would save us the trouble of hunting them up. They seem determined to resist the crossing of the river. I moved into the Nation toward Lee's Creek, within 30 miles of Fort Smith, and would have crossed there and driven them from Fort Smith, but the river was too deep to ford. No boats would come up, and I had to come up here to organize matters. We drove a lot of stock from the Arkansas Valley to keep the rebels from getting it. Had a fight at Webber's Falls, killing 7 of the enemy and driving the rest into the river; some wounded, drowned, and taken. The enemy are coming up toward Gibson. A force on the opposite bank; good thing if they will only stay. I go to Gibson with the rest of my command. The Department of the Interior notifies me, through its agents, they intend to subsist the refugees as soon as they can get bread here. I have to turn over some flour now, but will be relieved from the burden as soon as they get it down. I had to furnish them an escort to go up with the train. I have Captain Spring Frog's company making salt at Alberty's Lick. Everything is in excellent shape. As soon as I get a crack at the rebels on the south bank I can recruit the two regiments. Some of the officers are here. Pomeroy is sick at Faytteville. I will do the best I can for them, but I wish they could do more for themselves. Colonel Drew sent over terms of peace, but he had only 40 men, and they will come any how. I have issued orders for all irregularities to cease, and those who desire to be loyal to move in. The enemy are afraid of the recruiting, which is the reason they are so nervous about my getting over the river. They paid

