
off all the rebel Indians lately, deserters and all. They die hard, but I think they will only fall into my hands by venturing to remain. I am most anxious to hear from you. I telegraphed you from Fayetteville.

Very respectfully,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTS. WEST. ARK. AND IND. T., DEPT. OF THE MO.,In the Field, Camp Pomeroy, April 2, 1863.

Colonel HARRISON,

Commanding Post, Faytteville, Ark.:

SIR: Your dispatch of the 31st received, and contents noted with regret. You will see that your command is called in and kept at the post. You will throw up such earthworks as you can speedily construct, without delay, using the soldiers, and keeping several hundred men constantly at work. I shall leave the plan of defenses with you, putting these defenses into shape. During one week Fort Blunt has been rendered so strong that a small force can hold it against three times their numbers.

I sent telegrams to General Curtis about your outfit. I desire you to see that your men are put in effective shape as soon as possible. In the mean time make their present position strong. I regret that you are unable to aid me, and urge that the most active exertion on the part of your whole command be made, so that you do not embarrass me. The honor and best interests of the Government imperatively require action on my part, and I shall act as rapidly as possible. I move to Cincinnati to-morrow, where I may camp for some time. I desire that daily communication be kept open between us. When the train goes up to Cassville and Springfield, the escort ought to be of footmen chiefly. Send up your battery and one infantry company to be outfitted, and arm them temporarily. Send a few mounted men. It will be out of the question for my command to guard your trains longer. In fine, colonel, the time for active service has fully arrived. I regret that it should have found your command in such condition. My own is far from being as well equipped as it should be, but time is up, and I am going to use it. I may be compelled to delay a little, but shall delay as little as possible. I hope you may get your outfit, so that you can garrison Fort Smith soon. I should say, leave for Springfield in person; but I am going farther away from you, colonel, and I have confidence in your judgment with your peculiar command, and if you can get your outfit, I should rather have you stay at present. Telegraph and importune! I will. It is already the 2nd of April.

Very respectfully,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-Inform me immediately the moment the wires commence working.
HEADQUARTERS POST,

Fayetteville, Ark., April 2,[1863.]

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

GENERAL: Since writing the inclosed letter to you, I have received one (a copy of which is on this sheet from Colonel Phillips.) I sincerely

