
reply to all my entreaties is that stores are to be had, but transportation is so scarce that they cannot be forwarded.

The state of the country is this: Livingston, with 800 guerrillas, is in Southwestern Missouri, watching for an opportunity to pick up forage and subsistence trains. One or two bands are in Benton County, Arkansas, and on White River, War Eagle, and King's are several more. A large band frequents Sugar Creek Bottom, north of Elkhorn, and another Cross Hollows; they fire upon our mail riders and telegraph repairers, and destroy the wire daily; they attack all stragglers from train escorts, and many have been taken to the brush, robbed, and turned loose, while others have been killed. The want of horses has complicated this evil, for I have been obliged to send dismounted escorts or depend on the Indian Brigade. South of this the rebel bands are scouting the Boston Mountains constantly. Cabell, now in command, has about 1,500 men between Clarksville and Fort Smith, which can be concentrated in a few hours, and they are all mounted on the best of horses.

I am obliged to depend mainly on spies for information, though I keep constantly one dismounted scout in the neighborhood of Frog Bayou, Mulberry, or head of White River. Not less than 800 men can safely be left at this post, and none of them can be mounted, for, in case of a movement, I must take every mounted men with me, and then not have enough to do half the duty that will be required of them. Our line of transportation will be increased, so as to require about eight additional days to each trip. To make a successful movement on Van Buren or Fort Smith, we need no new troops, but supplies of all kinds should be furnished to those already here, and especially should horses enough be had, so that we can furnish quick and effective escorts to our supply trains. I have 800 revolvers in Springfield, which cannot be forwarded for want of transportation, and the repeated requisitions for ammunition have been ignored for the same cause. Could I be allowed to go to Springfield for a few days, I think I might at least manage to get our supplies as far as Cassville, where in a short time we might get most of them. It is absolutely necessary that some one should see to this matter in person. Will you try and help us?

I remain, general, your most obedient servant,

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel First Arkansas Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. DIST. WEST. ARKANSAS AND INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp Pomeroy, April 2, 1863.

Colonel HARRISON,

Commanding, Fayetteville, Ark.:

Dispatch of 31st received and regretted. Call in the command, and keep it at the post. Throw up earthworks as speedily as possible. Defend yourselves as you see fit, but lose no time. Sent telegram to General Curtis about the outfit. Put your men in effective shape. Make their position strong. Exert yourself so as not to embarrass me. Action must be had as rapidly as possible. Shall move to Cincinnati to-morrow and camp there for some time. Daily communication should be kept up between us. Trains up to Cassville and Springfield should be escorted by footmen. Send up one battery and one company of infantry to be outfitted. Arm them temporarily. I cannot guard your trains longer. Shall delay as little as possible. I should say to you, leave for Springfield in person, as I am going away still farther, and have

13 R-VOL XXII, PT II

