
The other clause in his instruction, affirming that the ordinance requiring the Enrolled Missouri Militia to be governed by the Army Regulations does not include the new article, because it has been subsequently enacted, is not clearly erroneous. It is entirely a State question, as the Enrolled Missouri Militia are State troops. As a lawyer, however, I differ with the Governor. When a soldier enters the service, he swears he will obey the rules and articles of war, and he is not to be sworn for every change or addition subsequently made by Congress. Yet it is clear the convention would have hesitated if the new article had been one of the rules, as they would not like to bind the Enrolled Missouri Militia not to return fugitive slaves.

I hope your troops have avenged that infernal slaughter on the Sam. Gaty. I suppose the people of Sibley and the officers of the boat may not be culpable. Still, the people of Lexington-some of them-must have known the matter was going on. General Vaughan said to me he heard such talk, but did not heed it. It would be well now to find out who in Lexington engaged in such talk and the nature of the talk, for it seems to be admitted the guerrillas followed the boat a long distance, and some of them may have gone from Lexington. That place is far from being void of secession. I get no letters as to any determination of this command. The President assures my friends he has no fault to find with me. Lane says it was necessary to remove me, because I did not perceive that the Government should extent the Southwestern Branch of the Pacific Railroad, while Henderson told Blow he demanded my removal because I differed with Governor Gamble.

Mr. Bates is convinced that no Federal troops are needed in this State, and I have written the President that if he entertained these views I think he ought to change the commander.

I have written enough for one time, and remain, yours, very truly,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Rolla, Mo., April 3, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I arrived on Tuesday and assumed command Wednesday morning. The Third Division I found camped 13 miles from this place, on the Elk Creek road; the Second Division on Spring Creek, but under orders to move in this direction. The latter camped last evening about 20 miles from Rolla. There is no forage in the country east of the Telegraph road and south from here to the State line. Under the circumstances, therefore, nothing can be done but to supply them from this post, for a southward movement cannot be made until the grass is up.

I think it is unfortunate that the divisions are so far away from Springfield, or rather from that section of the State. Between Carrollton and Yellville, along the Crooked Creek Valley, forage can be had in abundance, while the task of watching Marmaduke would be much easier, and our line better protected. At this distance it is almost impossible to get correct information about the movements of the enemy, or to keep posted as fully as we should. While I believe, therefore, that your ideas and intentions could be best carried out by having the whole force south of Springfield, I see no way of moving it from here until spring is further advanced. From Yellville we could watch the roads to both east and west, and prevent any movement of rebel troops

