
north. With Phillips on the line of the Nation, and the First Arkansas Infantry and First Arkansas Cavalry at Faytteville, I believe that section of country to be perfectly secure. From that point they can control the roads east to Huntsville. They will never, in my opinion, attempt to move north again, as far west as Fayetteville, and we may only look for movements along the White River.

On March 25, General Schofield telegraphed Colonel Weer, commanding the First Division, to move in the direction of Forsyth, and, if necessary to procure forage, to cross White River. By a telegram received yesterday, it seems he had crossed, and is now at Carrollton. He was to leave his main force there, and, with cavalry, advance and attack a band of guerrillas on Crooked Creek. That county is inhabited by the most desperate villains on the face of the earth, and Weer can do good service by making their number less.

Should Marmaduke make a movement from Batesville to get in the rear of Weer, I can only relieve him by the troops at Springfield under Cloud, and for that it would require your order. It would be an utter impossibility to move the troops from here at the present time, over the desolate country intervening.

I am getting the Second and Third Divisions in condition for a new campaign by trimming everything down to the lowest extent. Ten wagons to the regiment is my order. General Vandever has been assigned to the Second Division, and, if Orme comes up, as I hope he will, I propose to give him the Third. There are, in the three divisions, about 10,000 effective men.

I should very much like to have your ideas about the new campaign of this spring, and know whether the Army of the Frontier is to occupy the Arkansas River as a new base of operations. General Halleck, I know, is somewhat opposed to it, but the movement can be made, and it would have a good effect.

Will you please write me in regard to matters?

I am, very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,]

April 3, 1863.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding, Rolla:

You must support his rear. There is danger of Marmaduke moving up on the east side of White River. Forsyth and the ferry must be carefully held while he is down there.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

ROLLA, MO., April 3, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER,

Commanding First Division, Carrollton, Ark.:

Your telegram of March 31 received. Remain in the country and organize companies as you suggest, being careful, however, into whose hands you put arms. The place is a good one, and we can effectually hold Northern Arkansas by it. You can strengthen yourself by these organizations and hold that section for awhile. Send to Springfield for arms and ammunition to distribute. I have issued an order for some to

