
will find none of these Indians within our own territory. I am going up to Saint Paul in the course of a couple of weeks, and shall instruct Generals Sibley and Cook to pursue these hostile Indians who have committed depredations within our lines, or whose usual homes are in our country, wherever they may go, regardless of boundary lines. These orders will be carried out unless I am otherwise instructed by the Government. Otherwise the result will be that the Indians, having a secure place of refuge, will be at liberty to resume hostilities whenever a favorable occasion present itself, and all expeditions against them must fail of success. This result will involve the necessity of keeping the large force in this department constantly on the frontier until the Indians choose to close their hostilities. Unless they are followed into the Selkirk settlements, or anywhere else they may choose to go, the campaign against them must of necessity be a failure, unless, indeed, they choose to risk a battle. If they are not pursued, as soon as our forces are withdrawn to Minnesota and Missouri, the Indians will follow them up and renew their attacks upon defenseless settlements. Unless thoroughly punished this summer, there will be constant difficulty with them for years to come. If the Government do not desire me to push into the British possessions in pursuit of any hostile Indians, I respectfully request to be informed of it as soon as possible.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Rolla, April 5, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER,

Commanding First Division, Carrollton, Ark., via Forsyth:

I learn that Marmaduke is at Batesville with 3,000 cavalry and six pieces of artillery, his advance (200 strong) being at Salem, Ark. It may be the intention of Price to re-enforce him by small detachments, and, when strong enough, to attack you. I want you to stay in that section as long as possible, but not to let Marmaduke slip up on the north side of the river. Keep a good lookout. Have you received my telegrams of the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th instant?

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,

No. 24. Helena, Ark., April 6, 1863.

I. Major General C. C. Washburn, having been assigned to duty in West Tennessee, by orders from department headquarters, is relieved from command of the forces at Helena.

II. Brigadier General A. P. Hovey, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the United States forces at Helena, and will take charge of the defenses of the place.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of Major-General Prentiss:

JAMES O. PIERCE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

