
[DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,]

April 6, 1863.

General BLUNT,

Leavenworth:

To prevent confusion, General Loan suggests that your troops coming into Missouri should report to Colonel King, now scouring the country in La Fayette. I also enjoin on Kansas troops operating in Missouri not to take contraband property from one State into the other. If spoils of war be taken in Missouri, let them be retained with our troops on this side. The people are glad to be under your command, but they wish to avoid grounds of complaint.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, April 6, 1862-9.30 a.m.

General HERRON,

Rolla:

I feel much anxiety about Weer's division. It is too far from support. You must remedy this as soon as possible. It seems to me he should get on this side of White, in connection with Springfield. Give your whole attention to the troops. I fear Marmaduke may get between Weer and Springfield with force enough to overpower Forsyth and Weer.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, April 6, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: In reply to your telegram of the 3rd instant, I have the honor to say that the utmost prudence and caution will be exercised by me in regard to the management of affairs in the border counties of Missouri. Missouri troops will be used as far as available for that purpose. If additional troops are needed, I shall send such as are reliable, and the whole, so far as Jackson County, at least, is concerned, will be under the immediate control of Colonel Penick, who I understand is an efficient officer.

Upon reaching here, on my return from Saint Louis, I learned that the Eleventh and Tenth, a part of the Sixth Regiments, and the First Kansas Battery had arrived near Fort Scott, and a part of the men had been sent home for thirty days. This was done by Colonel Weer, and, as I understand, with the approval of General Schofield. Colonel Weer himself went with a part of the Wisconsin Third and the Wisconsin Ninth in the direction of Forsyth. Before leaving the Kansas troops, Weer made an inflammatory speech to them, in which he declared that he (Weer) and General Schofield were their only friends, and that he would take the responsibility of sending them home. He also denounced me to the troops in the most disrespectful and violent terms. For this and for many other acts of insubordination he should be dishonorably dismissed from the service. I shall have the matter put in proper shape and forwarded to you for your action. I shall get the troops together again as soon as possible, at least by the time there is sufficient grass to make any movement south, as there is no forage south and east of Fort Scott, but there is plenty of corn in the immediate vicinity of that place.

