
Phillips has sufficient force below to hold all the country we have occupied unless a larger rebel force is massed in front of him than seems probable at the present time. As soon as there is sufficient grass to subsist animals, I hope to have the stock recruited, which at present is in bad condition; also have the scattered troops together, and be in readiness to move in any direction you may direct; and I would suggest that, in consequence of the condition of the stock and scarcity of forage in Southwestern Missouri, as much time be given them to recruit as possible, unless some demonstration should be made by the rebels in force toward Springfield or Rolla that would require them to be sent in that direction.

Has the Thirteenth Regiment been ordered to report to me, as was talked of when I was in Saint Louis? I am quite anxious that this should be done, for the reason I then assigned. General Lane is very solicitous about the matter.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Rolla, Mo., April 6, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I learn to-day for the first time from Colonel Ewing, who has just arrived, that Weer did not take his whole division with him. It seems he took two regiments and one battery, and sent Colonel Ewing with the balance to Fort Scott. I can find no authority in any of General Schofield's orders or dispatches for such a movement, so he must have done it on his own responsibility. I have been acting on the presumption that he had his entire division with him. Yesterday I telegraphed him, and send with this a copy of my dispatch.* On learning to-day the truth, I ordered him back to Forsyth, where, with the Nineteenth Iowa, he can give marmaduke fight. I cannot believe Marmaduke's force is over 3,000, and five pieces of artillery. All accounts agree in this. I have instructed Cloud to support him, and have also ordered the First Divisions are so far away from there, but it will be impossible to move them down now, without carrying forage from here. I have ordered Colonel Ewing back to his command. He will call at Saint louis and explain the actio of Weer in dividing the First Division. I am annoyed at being so far away from the scene of operations. The divisions here are rapidly getting into shape. I am giving the closest attention to matters, and will endeavor to keep things straight. General Vandever and myself inspected the Third Division to-day. He will assume command of the Second Division to-morrow.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp on Long Creek, Ark., April 6, 1863.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Rolla, Mo.:

Your dispatch of 3rd instant is received. It reached me while on the road from Carrollton to Forsyth. I had started because of the representations

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

