
of Lieutenant-Colonel Kent, that forsyth was in danger of attack by Marmaduke. Your order requiring me to take a position at Tabot's Crossing has caused me to change my programme. I will leave the Forsyth road at this point to-morrow morning, and endeavor to move down Bear Creek and establish a camp intermediate between Fosyth and Talbot's Crossing. I notify Lieutenant-Colonel Kent of this change of march so that in case of danger he may promptly inform me. I have scoured the country thoroughly, but have no tidings from Marmaduke, except through Lieutenant-Colonel Kent. He states to me that he is encamped in North Fork of White River, some 60 miles from Forsyth, with 7,000 men. I have had some 200 men toward Yellville for three days, whom I decided to march to Forsyth. I sent a party of 10 men to order their return. They were cut off and compelled to come back; they report the main detachment as having gone to yellville, killing some rebels. I have heard nothing from it directly. A small party previously sent to Dubuque, on White River, returned and report nothing special. My forage trains having been repeatedly fired into by bushwhackers at a certain locality on Osage Fork of King's River, I have destroyed some forty buildings, including dwelling-houses. I offered the women and children wagons to move their effects and subsistence in my camp, all of which was very contemptuously refused. I have already notified General Schofield, and would here repeat that, in consequence of the reputed absence of forage in this country, I sent one of my brigades back from Crane Creek. It is now near Fort Scott, recruiting its animals and supplies which could not be obtained at Springfield. Forage, however, I find abundant and grass very forward. The Army of the Frontier could easily subsist on Crooked Creek. From all the signs in the country, I am of the opinion that the enemy will shortly make a demonstration in this direction. Allow me again to suggest that the Arkansas troops at Fayetteville be sent into this region; they would be invaluable here.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp Totten, Mo., April 6, 1863.

Major WILLIAM HYDE CLARK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of the Frontier, Rolla, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions, I am now encamped with the cavalry and artillery of my division at and near the first crossing of Little Piney, from Rolla, on the Relfe road, and 10 miles distant from Rolla.

I shall be happy to receive the visit from the major-general commanding, and my successor, Brigadier-General Vandever, and will try to make the same as pleasant as circumstances will permit. If the major-general commanding desires to review the troops, I would request previous notice. Ground is very scarce for such a ceremony, and would need considerable preparation.

The infantry under Colonel Dye will be here at an early hour this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. WICKERSHAM,

Colonel, Commanding.

