
PILOT KNOB, April 6, 1863.

Colonel J. M. GLOVER,

Commanding Sub-District:

William R. Johnson, forty-nine years old, lived in Texas; is going to Iowa. Says he lives in Dallas County, Texas, and left there with the ostensible purpose of coming to Missouri, but wished to go to Iowa. Was stopped in the Choctaw Nation by Albert Pike. He had about 400 Indians and a few Texans. Was also stopped by Hindman, 15th of January, 1863, at Dardanelle, on Arkansas River 80 miles below Fort Smith. Was stopped by marmaduke 1st of February at Batesville. Marmaduke was then encamped beyond the river. Heard then and since his intention was to come to Pilot Knob. He had about 4,000 men, all mounted on very poor barefooted horses, and nothing with which to feed or shoe, them, except what they took. His commissaries had provided provisions for his force as far as Powhatan, Ark. He had six pieces of artillery, that I saw. Price was at our near Little Rock, moving or about to move north. I heard, about six days ago, from a conversation between Colonel [W. M.] Ponder and Marmaduke, that Price was to come up the White River, thence to Sallem, thence to Rolla. He is reported to have 14,000 men, one-third being mounted. They are all scarce of ammunition; they expected a supply from Vicksburg, but it has been refused because of the siege of that place. They intend to take our outposts, with the expectation of getting ammunition.

Mr. Johnson thinks Price will have to move his artillery with oxen.

Very respectfully submitted.

JOHN F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding Pilot Knob.

[Indorsement.]

SAINT LOUIS, April 11, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Headquarters, Washington, for information.

Price is, no doubt, going to move heaven and earth to raise or mass forces in Arkansas. He ought to be attacked from Helena before he gets far in this scheme; his popularity in Arkansas and Missouri will enable him to do much mischief.

As now situated, Eastern Arkansas is under General Grant's command. I am obliged to stop sending more troops from Southeastern Missouri until I ascertain the whereabouts of Marmaduke.

SAML. R. CURTINS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 7, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Blunt telegraphs from Leavenworth as follows:

Major Ransom, Sixth Kansas informs me that he has destroyed Hicks' band of guerrillas, in Jackson County, Missouri, killing 17, and hung 2 engaged in the robbery of the Sam. Gaty. Also recovered some of the contrabands, and captured 21 of the bushwhackers' horses and seven guerrilla camps, with all their equipage, ammunition, &amp;c.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

