
WASHINGTON, April 7, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Brigadier-General Schofield will report to Major-General Rosecrans, Nashville, Tenn.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 7, 1863.

Major General JOHN POPE, Milwaukee:

GENERAL: Yours of the 4th instant, asking me to furnish four companies to escort boats up the Missouri, is duly received. I am stripped of every possible man for every adjoining department, and Price is trying to raise a new army to give new life to the rebels about me. I cannot tell what may be my necessities when your boats arrive. I can assure you, general, I will do the best I can. I think, however, it would be safest for you to pick up such force in Illinois as you come through, for I am obliged to send out escorts every day, and very likely I may be stripped so bare when you come I cannot make such a detail. As to artillery, I cannot furnish it; and from your letters I do not understand that you expect me to do so. If you had two light pieces of artillery on each boat it would be better, and less infantry would be required. With two guns you can keep up such a fire as to prevent as Indian charge, which might be made while a single gun was loading. I have been trying to arm all the boats that run on all the Western waters, but cannot procure the sort of guns necessary.

I am, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

ROLLA, April 7, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis:

Colonel Cloud informs me that a scout is just in from Talbot's Ferry, east of yellville, and that no force is on the north side of the river. Schnable has 250 men at Yellville. Nothing from Forsyth. There is nothing to confirm the reported approach of Marmaduke.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., April 7, 1863.

General HERRON, Rolla:

Colonel Cloud cannot leave Springfield, and I do not think much of Weer's standing to fight anybody. It is not best to risk a battle by a single division; such a force is only fit for a reconnaissance or foraging expedition. Weer should avoid a battle, and so should the troops at Forsyth, as all reports place Marmaduke's forces at 4,000 to 7,000 with several pieces of artillery.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

