
about the 15th ultimo. General Schofield goes to Rosecrans. He wants to take battalion of First Missouri Cavalry. Had they best go? Does Major Banzhaf wish to go?

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Forsyth, Mo., April 8, 1863.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding Army of Frontier, Rolla, Mo., or at his headquarters:

Reached here to-day. Your dispatch ordering me to reconnoiter both sides of the river determined my coming here, as I could not do so, being on the south side. Have not received dispatches of 2nd and 4th instant. I understand Orders, Numbers 27, Department Headquarters, is out, in regard to furloughs and muster; have not received it. Please give me instructions, as I am best with applications. My party sent to Yellville, under Captain Derry, of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry, has returned to Carrollton; absent some days. They drove the enemy everywhere; killed some, took prisoners, and only lost 2 horses. The bands in that region may be regarded as having fled to Marmaduke. He learned at yellville that Marmaduke was at Batesville, 5,000 strong. Two other parties are yet out. Union families are all leaving the neighborhood of Carrollton. Allow me again to suggest the moving of the Fayetteville troops eastward. Let them be stationed at Huntsville, Carrollton, yellville, &amp;c. Two companies at Jasper have held their own very successfully. Those troops know the by paths. Their presence would aid and encourage Union organizations; as it is, their horses are dying at Fayetteville for want of forage, and doing no duty. Colonel Phillips' Indian and white troops are certainly ample to guard all approaches south of White River. I can assure you of an abundance of subsistence for animals. If the Second and Third Division move south toward Batesville, could I not move down the north side of the south toward Batesville, could I not move down the north side of the river? The force at Forsyth was the Nineteenth Ohio Infantry and two squadrons of the First Iowa Cavalry. I have now added to it the Ninth Wisconsin Infantry, Twenty-fifth Ohio Battery, and six squadrons of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry. The Second Kansas Cavalry, at Springfield, could do good service down the river. The Ninth Wisconsin Infantry was not paid last payment, because certain allotment rolls were with some other paymaster. They are suffering, and request a paymaster sent, ordered to pay regardless of these rolls.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

ROLLA, MO., April 9, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Colonel Harrison informs me that a spy has just reached him, direct from Batesville, with information that Marmaduke crossed the north side of White River, on March 30, with 3,000 men, and intended on entering Missouri near Black River. It may be his intention, by a dash, to damage our railroad, or he may locate at Pocahontas, to carry out their conscription act. I have sent spies to West Plains and east

