
of that. If I could get 1,000 cavalry horses at once, and he should move in this direction, I would try and prevent his returning to Arkansas this season. My cavalry horses are used up, and it is absolutely necessary that I have a new lot. I could not follow the enemy 10 miles with what cavalry I have now.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., April 9, 1863.

Major-General HERRON, Rolla:

Scout named Glenn, employed by Captain Pierre, just arrived, via Gainesville; left Batesville on 3rd instant. Marmaduke, Burbridge, Shelby, and others, in all eight regiments, all mounted, seven pieces artillery, including one 24-pounder, at Batesville when he left; plenty of ammunition, but transportation scarce and poor. Intend to move on Pilot Knob or Cape Girardeau, forming junction with Jeff. Thompson, who is now in vicinity of Crowley's Ridge. Confirms Price's arrival at Little Rock, but it is not certain whether he or Marmaduke will command the expedition into Missouri. Their movements each with a view to co-operating with Copperheads of Southern Illinois, so they say.

Respectfully,

W. F. CLOUD,

Colonel, Commanding.

ROLLA, MO., April 9, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER,

Commanding First Division, near Forsyth:

All information here agrees in one thing, viz, that marmaduke crossed to the north side of White River on March 30, and moved in some direction with 3,000 men and five pieces of artillery. You had better locate your infantry and artillery as near as possible to Forsyth, and with your cavalry keep a lookout to the east and southeast. A scouting party occasionally to Talbot's Ferry will be better than a permanent camp or picket. Keep me fully informed as to your location, and any news you get.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,Cincinnati, April --, via Fayetteville, Ark., April 9, 1863.

General JAMES G. BLUNT:

Main command here; force at Park Hill; post at Hildebrand's Mill; Fort Bennett being fortified; Captain Spilman with refugees, moving into the Indian Nation. He camped at Fort Wayne last night. Shall march below Evansville to-morrow; there I expect to get wheat or corn enough to give two quarters a day to battery and cavalry horses; feed ponies on grass; move on Park Hill to meet refugees; have issued orders and directions to farm in Cincinnati and Arkansas. Troops at Fayetteville not able to move in this direction; have ordered them to fortify rapidly. Rebel scouts were pushing this way from the river before I came down; were driven back. Loyal refugees coming from

