
south of Arkansas River and Texas. Have got wheat, and made 500 sacks of flour in two weeks, but will need supplies when they get here. Has the train started? I shall be on the Arkansas immediately.

Respectfully,

WM. A PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 10, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I thank you for the order sending me to the Army of the Cumberland, and for your efforts to secure my promotion. There is a powerful combination of military and political aspirants in this department, whose success requires my removal from any important command here, and sufficiently unscrupulous to resort to any means that might be necessary to accomplish it. I was aware of my inability to withstand such attacks as might be expected from these men, and hence desired t be separated from them before it was too late. I am as willing as anybody to be sacrificed when any god is to be accomplished by it but do not like to be slaughtered for nothing. Had General Summer lived to take command here, I should have been glad to remain here; as it is, it would be deep humiliation to me, without any probable chance of good to the service.

I make these remarks because of a letter just received from professor Barlett, in which he mentions having received one from you containing a reference to a letter you had written me a few weeks before. I did not receive the letter you refer to.

Please accept my hearty thanks for the kindness you have always shown me.

Your sincere friend,

J. M. SCHOFIELD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 10, 1863.

Major General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Leavenworth, Kans.:

GENERAL: Yours of the 6th was duly received. I have directed Weer to be arrested. Send on your charges. General Ewing's report corroborates your statements.

Efforts are made to confound the "Red Legs" with our Federal troops, and prejudice your command of a part of Missouri. I therefore sent the telegram to which you refer. I told everybody you would be better able to put down the "Red Legs." As to moving the Thirteenth, that must be delayed until we get back some of the troops end away by Weer. I have also news of a movement by Marmaduke, and we cannot tell where he may turn up. He gave out that he was moving against Pilot Knob, but he may be going quite a different way. It is pretty certain he has moved over to this side of White River and moved north. It is also pretty certain that Price is trying to muster forces for a movement northward. Our troops must be completely fitted for a fight, and you must get all the new recruits you can. I am trying to get a complete outfit for a battery which has been mustered at Fayetteville. Harrison informs me that Johnson's regiment is full, and they have commenced

