
raising another. It is time to increase our infantry, as cavalry will soon be almost useless, for the want of forage in the country where we will have to operate. Grass will not do for moving armies in the South; there is not enough on the ground. I do not see how Price can equip and feed an army in the Arkansas Valley. I hope we will be able to drive him down into Texas, but even there grass grows very thin on the ground. The great fight at Charleston is now the absorbing topic. I have no doubt our troops will make great efforts to beat down those terrible batteries, but they have a work of giants before them. Keep me posted, general.

I remain, very truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Rolla, Mo., April 10, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Colonel Cloud telegraphs me that one of my spies has just arrived at Springfield from Batesville, which place he left on the 3rd instant. Marmaduke, Burbridge, Shelby, and others were there with light cavalry regiments and seven pieces of artillery, including one 24-pounder. Had plenty of ammunition, but scarce of transportation. The intend moving on Pilot Knob or Cape Girardeau, and forming junction with Jeff. Thompson, who is said to be in vicinity of Crowley's Ridge. This agrees with other information that I have to about the same effect. Price arrived at Little Rock on the 25th of March. Kirby Smith is also there beyond any question. The rebels say the movement of each is with a view to co-operate with the Copperheads of Southern Illinois.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Forsyth, Mo., April 10, 1863.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding, Rolla, Mo.:

Your dispatch of the 9th instant is received. My scouting party from Yellville has returned this evening. They were under Captain Derry, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, and have done excellent service, killing and capturing another party under Major Schroeling. Same regiment has also returned, coming up White River, by way of Dubuque. They have done similar execution. This morning I started a party of 10 men from the First Iowa Cavalry down north side of White River, to Talbot's Ferry. Enrolling men, under your authority to raise independent organizations, has commenced. I have a lot of prisoners, among them one who left Marmaduke's command the 1st of April. I have also letters taken from bodies of killed. I can only give you my conclusion. It is, that Price intends to invade Missouri. He and Kirby Smith are at Little Rock with 20,000 and sixty pieces of artillery. Marmaduke's command moved from Batesville last Sunday, but for a short distance. He has Shelby's and Shallen's [Shaler's?] brigades and Elliott's battalion, with six pieces of artillery, all iron save one, which is a brass piece they claim to have captured from Springfield. His men are in fine spirits; were

14 R-VL XXII, PT II

