
paid to last December, and have unbounded faith in "old Pap." He has received supplies from below by two steamboats, Blue Wing and Tom Suggs. The river is getting low, and his late move was simply to place himself at the had of navigation. He can easily be captured if you will move toward his front, and let me go between

him and Little Rock. I can see no escape. White River is a humbug; it can be crossed anywhere. Unless a movement is made offensive, my opinion is that he will fall back to Little Rock and escape us. A splendid foraging region is below us. To-morrow I will commence arranging defenses for my artillery; but in all candor I must say to you that I feel that my place is nearer the enemy than where I am. You may have better information than my own; but I feel it a duty to say to you that an army is organizing in our front; that we can destroy that army by detail. In the man time I shall faithfully obey your instructions.

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding Pos.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., April 11, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS, Fayetteville, Ark.:

You are directed not to cross the Arkansas River with the view of holding a position there until further orders. But these instructions are not to be construed to prevent you from making a dash upon the enemy upon the other side of the river, when it can be done with advantage and safety. But any arrangements to occupy a position there permanently must be deferred for the present. Keep your forces within supporting distance, and do not suffer the enemy to mass their forces and attack you in detail.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ROLLA, MO., April 11, 1863.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have 3,000 cavalry here, but poorly mounted; probably one-half that number fit for service. If my requisitions for horses were promptly filled, I could have the whole force ready for duty. They will all be needed soon, and the horses should be sent me without delay. Urge the matter, for I desire to follow Marmaduke in his proposed movements.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., April 11, 1863.

Captain WILLIAM HYDE CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Rolla:

I have cavalry posted as follows: Two regiments at Pilot Knob, two battalions at Batesville, one regiment at Patterson, and two regiments at Bloomfield. From these I have outposts at Centreville, Van Buren, Greenwood Valley, Reeves' Station, Poplar Bluff, and Chalk Bluff, and from these outposts the line of Black River is picketed. I send you this information, so as to action can be [taken] and in concert.

DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

