
FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., April 11, 1863.

Major-General HERRON,

Commanding Army of the Frontier:

A man is here from Little Rock. Lieutenant-Colonel Bishop knew him at Elkhorn last fall, and thinks him truthful. He says Price made his speech at Grand River on the 26th to about 8,000 troops. He saw three pieces of artillery shipped to Brooks' command, which is at Ozark, for the ostensible purpose of attacking Fayetteville. He overheard General Fagan asking Colonel Gunter if they could subsist in Madison, Washington, and Benton Counties. Gunter said yes. Fagan says General Kirby Smith's plan is to send the main army to Devall's Bluff, and attack Weer's division that way; then attack Fayetteville with the cavalry and some artillery. This man says three men have told there in his hearing that our fighting force is from 10,000 to 12,000 men, which is about correct, as some are always out on scouts and for forage. I think a raid is intended next week, and have requested Colonel Phillips to assist in breaking up th Ozark command before he does anything else, but have no reply. You know our fighting condition. We should be re-enforced by some, at least till we get our won artillery and arms.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., April 11, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

We understand that the Second Nebraska Cavalry has been ordered to cross the Missouri and report at Sioux City. If this order is carried out, it will leave the whole frontier of Nebraska, as well as the emigrants' stage and telegraph to the mountains, unprotected. In our opinion these troops should be left on the west side of the river, at least for the present.

ALVIN SAUNDERS,

Governor of Nebraska.

E. CREIGHTON,

Superintendent Pacific Telegraphed Company.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 11, 1863

Major-General POPE, Milwaukee, Wis.:

The President directs that under no circumstances will out troops cross the boundary line into British territory without his authority.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. DISTS. W. ARK. AND IND. T., DEPT. OF THE MO.,In the Field, Camp at Park Hill, Cherokee Nation, April 12, 1863.

Major-General BLUNT, Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: We have swept this side of the Arkansas River clean. A considerable portion of my force holds Fort Gibson. I shall move the whole command there, except a small force to guard my hospital, which is here, and the people who are here.

