
increase the strength of the Union cause. What a desire is that the men who wish to enter the organization will enroll themselves under some person of their own choosing, and report the names to me. I will turn over to such persons, so selected, arms and ammunition. I will expect that the companies thus equipped will take care of themselves, and play themselves out of secesh. They will be under no orders save their own as long as I am in the country. I will help them when hard pressed. Perhaps the best way to accomplish the end desired is to send to me all persons, refugees from Arkansas, who are wishing to take up arms in defense of their homes, when I will give them such information as may be in my power.

Your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver City, Colo., April 12, 1863.

Captain J. C. DAVIDSON,

Commanding Company C, First Colorado Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the colonel commanding to say to you that, on the morning of the 11th, Lieutenant Shoup captured an entire band of 3 [?] guerrillas 10 miles east of the head of Squirrel Creek. Riley killed, Waggle wounded, and Way taken prisoner. There were 7 together the day before, but only 3 in camp at night. There are in all about 90; they are yet scattered, but will be most likely to rendezvous at or near Gray's Ranch, on the Purgatory. Captain Kerber is at Canon City, with Company I; Captain Backus, with Company L, at Pueblo; Lieutenant Shoup at Colorado City, with 25 men, and Captain Robbins at Russellville, with Company K; and we will give them a lively turn. We must catch and exterminate these villains. They are not honorable combatants, but sly thieves and cold-blooded murderers. They have already killed 3 men and stolen much stock. Give us all the information you can get, and let me know your wants.

Captain Logan is down the Platte after the Indians. Can't tell what will come next.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

S. S. SOULE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo., April 12, 1863.

Lieutenant GEORGE L. SHOUP,

Commanding Detachment Company L, First Colorado Cavalry:

LIEUTENANT: I am directed by the colonel commanding to say to you that he highly appreciated your energy and sagacity in the capture of the entire band of guerrillas. Hopes you will be able to catch more of the same kind, and, if they show any resistance, that you will not give yourself much trouble with them. They are not honorable combatants, but miserable, sneaking thieves and murderers, and deserve to be treated accordingly. Your course is fully approved, and commended to others. You must close in on and exterminate these wretches and villains

