
before they gain confidence and strength, or they will be very formidable in this mountains and thinly settled country. The colonel will send a detachment down after the prisoners, so that your force may not be weakened too much, and your horses, already reduced, may have the better chance to recruit. Let your wants be known at these headquarters, and, if in the line of possibilities, they shall be met. The man you sent will remain here to rest a day or two, and will return to your command. Have the prisoners put in irons, so they may be sure not to escape.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

S. S. SOULE,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP DOUGLASS,Utah, April 13, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,,

General-in-Chief:

Unless immediately re-enforced with cavalry, the Indians, urged on by Mormons, will break up the overland mail and make the emigrant route impassable.

P. EDWD. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 13, 1863.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK, Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: Your favor of the 9th, by your good wife, has just been received. I have also had a long talk with her about matters. It must be deeply mortifying to you and all our troops to come out of that pass, but I am rejoiced to know that you are out. I believe I wrote you my misgivings at the first. I ma glad to hear also that the troops are in pretty good health. They are no doubt much needed somewhere, and I hope somebody will make better use of them in the future than in the past six months. This is rather harsher expression than I usually indulge in, but everybody seems to be coming down on everybody, and I may as well begin. I am going to send your wife to Washington on the matter of your return to this city. I think she can see the officials when others may not be able to do so. I am not able to promise you the Saint Louis District, but you will have enough to do at headquarters, if not elsewhere, and in the mean time you can take care of other interests outside of military matters, and very important to the safety of our country. I am glad to hear you are in good health. The success of the negro enrollment is a triumph for me. I hope they will be made good soldiers. It will be well to keep the public posted on this matter. The Democrat this evening has a letter giving the result of the meeting at For Curtis. These things will return to our troops and increase the enthusiasm. I shall do all I can to keep the ball a rolling. Then, if our Government will conscript, so as to fill up the old regiments, we can put down the rebellion very soon. I got a good letter from Noble yesterday, but the Yazoo squirrels which he kindly forward were both lost in the Father of Waters. Tell him I will write soon, but at present I unite with him in mourning their untimely end. Keep me posted as

