
well as ye can. I have been always anxious to hear everything about the Yazoo move, but now that it has signally failed, i suppose no one will become its historian. I have written the President that I will be pleased to have him consummate his effort to relieve me from a very difficult command, but I got no response. It seems that the idea was to get the matter more under the influence of State authority and State troops, and Attorney-General Bates was backed by the Missouri delegation in this effort. If they wish to try it, I want to step out. Indeed, I have weakened my force so much I can do very little. Meantime I toil on and ever, and remain, very truly, your friend.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Rolla, Mo., April 13, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I am at a loss to know how I stand with the First Division of the Army of the Frontier. Since assuming command I have not received any order detaching them from this corps, but they have moved into General Blunt's district, and do not report here, with the exception of that portion under Weer, at Forsyth. If they are attached to this army, I would like to organize the division and get it into shape for operations. General Ewin stated that he would like that division for his command. With Weer under arrest, the command devolves upon Salomon, an officer in whom I have not much confidence. Will you please inform me in regard to this? It is said that Colonel Boyd's regiment goes to Springfield, and that he will have command of the Southwestern District. If such is the case, I would like to have Cloud, and he also desires to go with me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Forsyth, Mo., April 13, 1863.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding Army of the Frontier:

I have in my camp prisoners captured and deserters from Little Rock, Texas, Bragg's army, and Marmaduke's. The sum of the information furnished is as follows: In Texas every one available is being conscripted. Marmaduke has moved to Pocahontas. Price is to be there on the 15th instant. Missouri is to be invaded n its eastern portion. At Little Rock are twenty regiments of infantry, averaging about 400 each. A battery was sent to Marmaduke about the 20th of March. At Pine Bluff is a large force, under McCulloch. The Missourians at Vicksburg are to join Price at Pocahontas. The rebels are badly pushed for subsistence, so far as I can understand. I can find nothing worth mentioning. My command has spread terror through the whole country. Allow me again to suggs that an offensive movement on our part will prevent an invasion of Missouri. If this movement be not correct, the enemy is manufacturing a well-planned lie. It requires my utmost efforts to forge this small command. I could do it far easier, and

