
LEAVENWORTH CITY, KANS, April 15, 1863.

General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding District of Kansas:

SIR: The city of Leavenworth is now quiet. The citizens generally have confidence in the administration, and believe it for the best interests of our city to abolish martial law. I therefore request you to do so, as I am confident that, with the police force I have, the lies, persons, and property of loyal citizens will be fully protected. I would ask you to permit Captain Killne's company to remain here for the present, subject to my order when needed to protect the peace or execute the laws, and to do such duty in the surrounding country as you may deem best.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. R. ANTHONY,

Major.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Rolla, Mo., April 15, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: It is evident from the rebel movements that a demonstration will soon be made on some point in Southeastern Missouri, and that, under cover of it, the balance of the rebel force will be moved from Little Rock to Batesville or Pocahontas. How well General Davidson is prepared to receive them in the southeast I do not know, but it is a question whether we should not make some effort to cut off or capture Marmaduke's force, while it is so far from the main body. I think it might be done, and his artillery captured. Generals Price and Kirby Smith are working all their infantry force at building fortifications on the Arkansas River, between Little Rock and Arkansas Post. Marmaduke in the mean time hovers on our front. They will not make another effort in Western Arkansas, and by adopting the proper plan I think we can hold that portion of the State, even to the river, with Arkansas troops. I have studied the matter thoroughly, since my arrival here, and as the time is rapidly approaching when we can move, it would be well that we have a consultation in regard to matters.

There are also many things connected with the First Division that I am unadvised about, and can't tell what to do. They are matters that devolve upon you to settle. As yet the First Division is not organized to suit me.

I would report the Second and Third Divisions in good condition, ready and anxious to move. Our only want is cavalry horses, and these I think Captain Bradley will have in a few days.

I think, in order to have a full and complete understanding, it would require a personal interview.

With kind regard, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 16, 1863.

Major General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding District of Kansas:

GENERAL: Yours of the 11th instant, concerning the disposition of the First Kansas, is duly received. All our forces must be held ready

