
to act in reference to the progress of affairs on the Mississippi and Arkansas Rivers. At present the troops are well located at Saint Joseph, where our Union people fear trouble from surrounding traitors. I fear the troops in Northwestern Arkansas are too far from supporting forces; they must not be so far from reserves as to be caught. Price and Kirby Smith are active in their efforts to strike a blow somewhere. Colonel Harrison has fears that he may by caught at Fayetteville. No such point should be regarded as worth the hazard of a siege or battle against superior numbers, but be ready to fall back, if necessary.

Very truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., April 16, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis:

Colonel King report having surprised a guerrilla can on Snip; killed 6, and routed the band; captured their horses, carbines, and revolvers. Had 1 man wounded.

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., April 16, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

I have new to April 1, direct from Little Rock. Price is there with from 6,000 to 8,000 men. No fortifications; very little artillery. Is evidently hesitating how to act until decisive results at Vicksburg. All the cavalry are said to be ordered to join marmaduke. he expects to have 10,000 cavalry for a raid into Missouri. Guerrillas are joining him, taking every horse fit for service that they can buy or steal. Horses ore in good order. Reports say 20,000 Missouri troops are expected to come west of the Mississippi, and come near New Madrid. This lacks confirmation.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, April 16, 1863.

Colonel BELL, Commanding, Barnesville, Mo.:

Keep your patrols well to the front. Don't let any force get in between you and Patterson. If the enemy comes up in force, move back to Pilot Knob, via Lastrville and Centreville, recalling the detachment at Centreville. Organize good spies, and send them out in your front.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, April 16, 1863.

General JOHN MCNEILL, Commanding, Bloomfield, Mo.:

You will concentrate all your troops at once at Bloomfield, calling in all your detachments except the ones at Poplar Bluff and Chalk Bluff

