
I hope some stop will be put to it immediately. Colonel Colburn will ascertain the facts, and I hope you will give him all possible assistance.

I am grieved to hear of the death of Colonel Wyman. He was a noble-hearted friend to his country.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FAYETTEVILLE, January 6, [1863.]

Major-General CURTIS:

I have reorganized the Kansas Division, making the Third Brigade consist of the three Indian regiments and some howitzers, under Colonel Phillips. I propose to send Colonel Phillips' brigade into the Indian Nation; to leave the Arkansas cavalry here, and move eastward with the main forces. The Second and Third Divisions are on the march to-day. The First will march on the 8th.

I ask your attention to General Blunt's letter, dated December 26, [1862,] relative to supplying his division from Springfield, and ask your decision of the question whether that portion of the Kansas Division which moves east with the main command shall still be supplied from Fort Scott. You, general,certainly cannot be accused of being governed by the motives which General Blunt attributes to those who have controlled military affairs in the Southwest, although he claims, probably thoughtlessly, your ordering the Second and Third Divisions back into Missouri as a part of the disgraceful scheme. I have made no order on the subject, but simply proposed it to General Blunt, at the request of Colonel Haines, and asked his opinion, as also to yourself.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., January 6, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS:

My latest information, which seems reliable, is that Hindman, with at least the main part of his command, has crossed the river at Spadra Bluff, and was three days ago in the vicinity of Clarksville. It was generally believed a week ago that he was going to Arkadelphia, but this seems to indicate that his destination is Little Rock or some point below. If he remains at Clarksville, I can strike him in a few days. Cooper is a few miles south of Fort Sith with about 1,300 men. His Indians have all deserted him, and, it is said, desire to make peace. What instructions shall be given Colonel Phillips as to their treatment? I would leave the matter to General Blunt were he here. My arrangement to send Colonel Phillips is in accordance with General Blunt's views, as I understand them.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., January 6, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

SIR: Some days [since]* I had the honor to transmit to headquarters Department of the Missouri the statements of certain officers con-

---------------

*December 18, 1862. See Part I, pp. 844-850.

---------------

