
your approval. It will nearly consume the time of their furloughs to await starting until your approval reaches them here. Paymaster has not arrived. News from Little Rock is that Kirby Smith commands the department, Holmes the District of Arkansas, Price that of Missouri. Woman just in from there, seeking the exchange of an officer, her husband, with letter from Holmes on subject, directed to the commander at Springfield, where the husband is confined. She left on the 6th instant. No movement then made.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT NINTH Regiment KANSAS VOL. CAV.,Humboldt, Kans., April 16, 1863.

Major General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding District of Kansas:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the 10th of April, I sent a detachment of my company to the Cottonwood country in search of contraband property, agreeably to your orders of the-instant. About 40 miles from is mouth, the detachment came up with a herd of about 1,000 head of cattle, in charge of about 40 Delaware and Shawnee Indians. The Indians resisted, and the detachment (of 6 men) were unable to take possession of them, the Indians being armed and mounted. The above information I got to-day. Under the present circumstances, it is impossible for me to send a force sufficient to take the cattle. I have in heard here or near here about 550 head of cattle, which I have been unable to send to Fort Scott, for the reason that I deem it unsafe to do it without an escort of at least 20 men, for the following reasons: About one week ago a party of bushwhackers made a raid on Lightning Creek, capturing a large amount of stock, and committing other depredations; and a few days previous to that a raid was made, I think by the Osage Indians, in the same vicinity, who murdered a very worthy citizen, about sixty years of age, and his son. I am also informed that there is much dissatisfaction among the Osages, and that they are holding secret councils, and have about come to the conclusion that the whites are so divided among themselves that they can make a successful fight against us. To-day one of my pickets was taken prisoner; his horse and arms taken. Other reliable reports lead me to the belief that the enemy are in force some 40 miles below, on the Neosho. I have detachments out in pursuit of them, and, as soon as they report, I will report the result to you at once. I must, from necessity, keep a force on the Verdigris, in order to enforce your orders of the --- instant. Taking all the facts into consideration, I would respectfully suggest the propriety of sending at least two companies more here, not only to protect the citizens from outrages of Indians, but to carry out your orders above referred to, and to protect the Government from depredations in stealing stock by the Indians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. DOUDNA,

Captain Company G, Ninth Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

P. S.-I presume it is unnecessary for me to add that I feel that I am in a very critical situation, and feel the importance of re-enforcements at the earliest possible moment. Livingston and the Osages, I am informed, have had consultations.

