
Knights of the Golden Circle. I have a man who joined some time since in Missouri for certain purposes. He has been for some time with Todd's band of guerrillas in Jackson County, and is well posted in the working of the order, and the purposes for which they are organized. I expect to make a descent upon one of their lodges a few nights hence, and, if successful in taking them in, I think I shall hang all I catch. There are about 800 of them in Kansas and 10,000 in the State of Missouri. They are all sworn to support the Southern Confederacy, and are secretly procuring arms, and are confident that Price will succeed in invading Kansas and Missouri. Recruiting officers from Price's army are constantly arriving, and a regular correspondence by rebel mail is carried on between here and the rebel army. The plan of Price, as revealed by these Knights of the Golden Circle, is to make a feint with a small force in the direction of Springfield or Rolla, while with his main force he will move up the Arkansas, and through the Indian country upon Kansas, while the troops for the protection of this line re diverted for the protection of Rolla. Thus, in addition to being the most desirable plan for them-for there is no State they would so much like to devastate as this-it is the most feasible plan; for, leaving Fort Smith with ten days' supplies of rations, they could reach Fort Scott through a country well provided with grazing, provided there was no force to oppose them; whereas they cannot move a large army up through Arkansas, for the want of grass. Besides, there is nothing to attract them in Missouri, or supplies to sustain them, except the Government stores at the posts, which could be easily destroyed by us if necessary, while Kansas would furnish abundance of supplies after reaching her south border. We should not suffer ourselves to be deceived in regard to their anticipated movements. Whatever I may be able to learn through the "order" I will keep you posted in. The telegraph should not be used in making mention of the Knights of the Golden Circle. General Ewing has received orders from General Herron to join his command with the Kansas troops now in this district. I shall retain them in my district unless I receive orders from you to the contrary, as I believe that all of men and many more will be needed here before long.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS G. BLUNT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 18, 1863.

Governor SAUNDERS, Omaha, Nebr.:

It was the opinion of military officers in the West that the Nebraska cavalry could be spared to operate against hostile Indians up the Missouri River.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH AND NINTH DISTRICTS,Fort Gibson, C. N., April 18, 1863-Evening.

Colonel HARRISON,

Commanding Post, Fayetteville, Ark.:

SIR: I am here, and operating in the Creek Nation, south of the river, to raise the new Indian regiments. With the pledges given by other parties and Government agents, it would be difficult to carry the Indian

