
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,

Numbers 10. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., April 18, 1863.

I. Martial law is hereby abolished in the city of Leavenworth, Kans., and the troops on provost duty relieved.

II. The provost-marshal will turn over and account for all property in his possession to the proper department.

Contraband stock, &amp;c., will be turned over to Major L. C. Easton, quartermaster, Fort Leavenworth, on a special order from these headquarters.

By order of Major General J. G. Blunt:

THOS. MOONLIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

BLOOMFIELD, April 20, 1863.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding Saint Louis District of Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose you report of Major [Hiram M.[Hiller of his expedition into Arkansas.*

All probably was accomplished by that expedition that could have been done, but it is easy to see the depressing effect that the mutinous spirit displayed at Chalk Bluff must have had on the command. I have 42 mutineers in arrest, working them on the defenses of this pace, and it is not supposable that the arrests indicate the full proportion of this mutinous spirit. I have every reason to believe that this objection to moving out of the State originated amongst commissioned officers. I have directed inquiries, but may not be able to report evidence sufficient for conviction before a court, although abundant for our moral conviction of their guilt. Examination as to military capability before a proper board would rid the service of their country by State lines.

I shall move a reconnaissance in force toward Doniphan to-night, under command of Colonel La Grange, who, with a truly honorable spirit of enterprise, desires the assignment to that duty. Due care has been had to keep us advised of what is doing within the enemy's lines.

The First Wisconsin are encamped 4 miles on the other side of the Castor, where I can hold them for any move. I have commenced works of defense, plans, of which I will forward as soon as I can get copies, and have been felling timber and making abatis.

I shall keep fully in view, in every move I make, the importance of covering and protecting Ironton, by falling back on Patterson, if necessary. In doing this, I will afford what protection I can to Cape Girardeau, and at the same time seek to harass and cut off the communications of the enemy. I pray you not to be apprehensive about my keeping my little force compact and in hand. If you hear of my allowing enterprising moves by detachment, be sure I am proceeding on well founded information of the enemy's weakness in that quarter, and I shall endeavor not to sacrifice the chance of a victory over an army by minor enterprises, however tempting the opportunity.

I am still keeping 40 wagons here loaded with commissary supplies. I left Major Crnace at the Cape, and expected him here yesterday. I regret this delay, as we might have been paid while waiting, and no time lost.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

