
We succeeded in capturing the quartermaster of Colonel Kitchen yesterday, and also received a prisoner from Captain Hulse, at Chalk Bluff, whom papers, captured with him, denote to be a lieutenant in the rebel army.

We have captured 2 men who were engaged in taking our couriers on the Ironton route. One of them, in attempting to escape, was shot dead.

All communication by telegraph has been cut off for three days. I hope to have it right soon.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN MCNEILL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 20, 1863.

Major General F. J. HERRON:

GENERAL: Yours of the 15th is duly received. I suppose you have seen the dispatch from Fayetteville, reporting our successful repulse of the rebels. My information from Little Rock is not very recent, but all accounts concur in showing that Price is there or on this side, trying to rally an army. I cannot ascertain the whereabouts of Marmaduke, but some circumstances induce me to think he is still near Batesville. I hope to go and see your troops, and could then confer with your personally. I shall determine in a few days (two or three), and if I cannot go, you must come. I hope your horses are now being well fed and improved, ready for marching. My orders all tend to the idea of holding on until boats go up the Arkansas River. If you get news of the enemy in front, give me immediate intelligence. I have just seen your dispatch to Colonel Chipman, which this letter sufficiently answers. I do not see that I can say anything more in regard to your First Division. I leave it to your own discretion as to its command and movements.

Forsyth is an important crossing, which we may desire to use, and I therefore require a good ferry to be arranged. I hope it may be convenient to preserve it.

I am, very truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,]

April 20, 1863.

Major-General HERRON, Rolla:

Your cavalry should move forward. Marmaduke is driving the Patterson pickets toward Pilot Knob.* The enemy is said to be 4,000 strong, and your force may be of great use before we are through with him. Other forces might be advanced to Salem to support your cavalry. General Davidson is massing troops in this district.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Marmaduke's expedition into Missouri, April 17-May 2, 1863, Part I, pp. 251-306.

---------------

