
that place. I have ordered the balance of the First Division to join you without delay. Supply yourself with any quartermaster's stores that can be had at Springfield. I send with this a message for Colonel Ewing. Have it forwarded to him by the quickest possible mode.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

ROLLA, MO., April 20, 1863.

Colonel THOMAS EWING, Fort Scott, Kans.:

You will move that portion of the First Division near Fort Scott across the country north of Springfield to Houston, in Texas County, where the balance of the division, under Colonel Weer, will be found. Leave an energetic officer at Fort Scott, to bring up any of the command not back in time to move with you. You will please move the command to the place named without delay. Report to me, by return messenger, what route you have taken. Take with you from twenty to thirty days' rations.

F. J. HERBON,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., April 20, 1863.

Colonel SALOMON:

DEAR SIR: General Herron consents that the infantry be moved to Springfield. You will, therefore, start them as soon as possible, including your own regiment and the Nineteenth Iowa. The cavalry will carry out the programme already made known to them by me. They, however, should be paid before you start, and bring with you the paymaster. Let the cavalry go south, and return by way of Hartville, where they will probably find us. Let them inquire for us all along from White River north, as we may be in the south part of Wright County. Captains Shaw and Off should join Lieutenant-Colonel White, if practicable. If they have not arrived before you start, some word should be left with the inhabitants to that effect. Arrangements should also be made with the paymaster to deposit their pay here for them.

You will remember there are some one hundred guns and ammunition, intended for arming independent organizations in Arkansas. If any well-known, loyal, and responsible man, leader of a company, will receipt for them, you may turn them over to him, or any portion of them, taking his receipt and the names of his men; it not, bring them with you. Let the idea be circulated that this class of men can get arms by calling upon me anywhere. If the cavalry do not hear of us at Hartville, they will have to come to Springfield. Bring away the ferry-boat rope, and secure the boats by hiding them, if possible.

Yours, truly,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

P. S.-The rebels made a dash at Fayetteville and got whipped. No important news from east.

