
cerning the late expedition of the Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers into Missouri, and the difficulties which arose between the officers of this regiment and officers of the Missouri State Militia. Since that time I have examined the statements of these officers with some care, and fail to find any sufficient cause set forth therein which, in my estimation, would justify the holding of Colonel Adams and Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, of the Twelfth Kansas, longer under arrest. As this course is of manifest injury to the best interests of the regiment, I would most respectfully recommend that these officers be released from their arrest and ordered to duty forthwith.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. WEED,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., January 7, 1863-5.30 p.m.

Honorable B. GRATZ BROWN,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

Yours of to-day just received.# The administration takes no part between its friends in Missouri of whom I, at least, consider you one, and I have never before had an intimation that appointees there were interfering, or were inclined to interfere.

A. LINCOLN.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp at Huntsville, January 7, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Commanding:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 6th instant was received early this morning, but I had neither pen, ink, nor paper to return a written reply. In accordance with the instructions, I have the division at this place, with one brigade camped a short distance out on the road leading southeast, and the other camped a little northeast, both, however, within one-fourth of a mile of the village. There was no point between the head of Richland and this place where the division could be camped to secure the different objects you desired. Had I remained in Richland, it would have interfered with the foraging of the post of Fayetteville and the Second Division, but from this point we can forage east. The thoroughfares from south lead directly into Hunstville, and from here can be well picketed. Major Anderson, whom I sent out from Fayetteville on Sunday night in command of a scout to look up a rebel force said to be on King's River, has just returned. The only troops that have been in that section lately were a band of jayhawkers, under Jackman, and they left for the mountains several days ago.

The country about here is full of conscripts, and also many volunteers, who have deserted. They report Hindman as having told them to look out for themselves, and not objecting to their departure. The Texas troops left Hindman several days ago and started for Red River in a body. If their statements are true, he cannot have over 5,000 men left.

I would respectfully inquire what fort of summary punishment I can

---------------

*See Chipman to Blunt, January 15, 1863, p. 46.

#Not found.

---------------

