
that every exertion is used to make the most of the limited time which will probably intervene before taking the field for active service. Fifteen days' rations will be carried by the wagons, and, if not on hand, must be at once procured.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. BREWSTER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

PILOT KNOB, MO., April 20, 1863.

General DAVIDSON, Saint Louis:

I understand Colonel [Edwin] Smart has fallen back to Stony Battery, and is fighting like a hero. The rebels have two pieces of artillery. Marmaduke undoubtedly commands. He (Smart) wants assistance. The last report says nothing of the number of the rebels. Can I dismount the 32-pounder guns in Fort Curtis and bring the 24-pounder howitzers up here and put them on the hill above the depot? I will go out to meet the rebels if they come, and I have half a chance, but would like to help Smart, if you say so. Please answer immediately, for I am making my arrangements now. The mutineers of Stange's battery say they will man the guns if there is to be a fight.

JOHN F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

PILOT KNOB, April 20, 1863.

General DAVIDSON, Saint Louis:

A messenger from Colonel Smart says the rebels, under Marmaduke, are fighting with about 4,000 men and artillery, partly heavy. Our men were only about 300, the others being on scouts. Colonel Smart is falling back as fast as he can, but fighting as he comes. I think it would be best to order Colonel Bell and the troops at Centreville to concentrate at this place, that our forces may be hurled against them in a mass. Advise me early. I will be ready here.

JOHN F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 20, 1863.

Colonel TYLER:

You stay where the depot is and protect that. The rebels are fighting for supplies. Bring the 24-pounder howitzers up to the depot and place them in position. Hold on to Fort Curtis; it covers the entrance to Bellevue Valley. Send the Third Iowa to cover Smart's retreat. Concentrate your troops in good position at the depot.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OMAHA, NEBR., April 20, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

A part of our troops can and ought to go up the Missouri. None, in my opinion, should cross the river. If they are taken from the west

