
side, Kearny, Laramie, Halleck, telegraph and stage line, and the frontier will have less than 400 troops for protection. Pope's demonstration in the north will drive hostile tribes upon our frontier.

ALVIN SAUNDERS,

Governor of Nebraska.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 21, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Colonel Smart, commanding a picket at Patterson, was approached by a large force yesterday at 12 o'clock. He fell back, bringing away or destroying supplies. Skirmishing continued 8 miles. Our loss about 50. Forces are being concentrated at Pilot Knob, and General Davidson and General Vandever will probably unite a sufficient force.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 21, 1863.

Colonel TYLER:

Have the Third Iowa and the Third Missouri Cavalry and Stange's battery put in marching order immediately, ready to move the moment Glover and Caldwell come down. Say to Colonel Glover as soon as he comes down that he must pursue Marmaduke with great caution and advise us where he had gone or is. He ought to be able to cut up Marmaduke if he has only 1,500 men. After his fight I shall telegraph Glover to move at once. Concentrate Smart's regiment and your infantry at the depot; same with Morton's troops and the battery as soon as they come down. McNeil is moving up to re-enforce the Knob.

Have you heard from Bell? You must have cavalry patrols in every direction for 20 miles out, watching the movements of the enemy.

Telegraph freely everything.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,

April 21, 1863-11 p. m.

Major-General HERRON, Rolla:

The following dispatch just received:

PILOT KNOB, April 21-10 p. m.

From a reliable man, who this day came in from Patterson, I understand that Price, with a very large force (reports say 20,000 men), was early this morning at McKenzie Creek, 8 miles west of Patterson, and was moving this way. One of Colonel Smart's men, who was on picket at Patterson, left behind, and just returned, says he saw about 10,000 troops and counted nineteen pieces of artillery.

JOHN F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

This is probably an exaggerated account, but I have no doubt but that there are from 6,000 to 7,000 troops at or near Patterson, and that Price is there in person. I shall go down to the Knob in the morning. I have sent out to communicate with Vandever. As yet we do not know where the enemy's main force is. I can hold the Knob with my

