
at Barnesville, he is instructed to go down by way of Centreville. Glover had better be notified of his approach, and, if possible, open communication with him.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Rolla., Mo., April 21, 1863.

Brigadier General W. W. ORME, Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: You will have the First Iowa and Eighth Missouri Cavalry in readiness to move at 12 o'clock, without wagons, and with five days' rations in the haversack.

The enemy are moving on Pilot Knob, and all our cavalry force, under General Vandever, will move to that point without delay. General Vandever, will move to that point without delay. General Vandever will send orders to the commanding officers of the regiments at what hour and by what route to move. The balance of your command will be prepared to move forward at such time as may be necessary to co-operate with the cavalry. Compel the regiments to turn out as many men as possible.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, April 21, 1863.

Major General F. J. HERRON, Commanding, Rolla:

Your dispatch, in regard to moving to Houston, received this morning. Your dispatch to Colonel Ewing was sent by me to Fort Scott early in the day. My transportation and battery are all here, and will start to-morrow morning to Houston, via Hartville. The infantry, no doubt, left Forsyth this morning, as I sent a messenger through last night. I will remain here until they arrive and go on with them. I would call your attention to facts, as I learn, that the other part of my division is about to be paid in Kansas. This is contrary to my programme, and, if persisted in, will lead to delay in their moving. Paymasters here say that they have plenty of money, and will pay them on sight. I have so written them. Please ask General Curtis to stop their payment in Kansas. I would not mention the matter had I not heard things here that render me somewhat suspicious. My scouting parties to West Plains and Talbot's Ferry got to Forsyth last evening. The whole cavalry enemy of importance; nothing but guerrilla bands. The whole cavalry and two mountain howitzers left there to-day for the South; will meet me at Houston. They will take a considerable journey in Arkansas.

WM. WEER,Colonel, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans., April 22, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have information that some 2,000 or 3,000 rebels are collected on the Canadian River, for the purpose of making a raid into

