
the settlement of Southwestern Kansas. Raids by advanced parties have already been made. Large herds of stock are being driven from the Indian country, in the direction of Pike's Peak, by bands of them. The Osage Indians, on the southern border, are also becoming troublesome, and a part of them, no doubt, are allied with the rebels. I have not sufficient mounted force to meet the emergency. It is quite evident to me that the demonstration made upon Southwestern Kansas, as well as that made in Southeastern Missouri, is to create a diversion of our troops, to let the main rebel force come up through the Indian Territory, upon the border of Kansas and Missouri.

In my opinion there is not half troops enough in your department to meet the coming crisis.

The Knights of the Golden Circle are becoming bolder here every day. They are evidently posted, and understand the movements of the rebel forces.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ROLLA, MO., April 22, 1863-10 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS:

I will move my entire command to Salem to-morrow, and encamp 5 or 10 miles south of that place, awaiting news from Vandever. I have ordered the First Division to Houston, but to-night received a letter from Ewing, stating that Blunt said he would not permit any of the troops to move without an order from you. The sending of the First Division to Fort Scott was part of a scheme to get them detached from this army. Will you please issue an order from them to move?

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 22, 1863-10 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

I wish Major [E. D.] Major, Alton prison, exchanged for Major McConnel, taken and paroled by rebels yesterday. McConnel has important intelligence to disclose after exchange. Immediate answer is desired. Rebels 10,000 strong in South Missouri. They hope to co-operate with forces raising in Illinois. Much excitement at Pilot Knob, but the enemy seems to move toward Camp Girardeau or Dallas, to cut off Bloomfield forces. Their move seems daring and confident.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

ROLLA, MO., April 22, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Davidson has telegraphed me that latest information. Should Price come up farther, I would like to move over and attack him. My infantry is ready to march whenever ordered, but Colonel [Franklin D.] Callender's refusal to send carriages for [David] Murphy's battery may leave me short several pieces of artillery. I think he should be ordered to furnish me the new carriages at once, as the want of them might prove serious. I have ordered the First Division to move from Fort Scott across to Houston, and will concentrate it at that point

