
Should a strong move be made in the direction of Pilot Knob, our whole force will be needed. General Vandever is near Centreville this morning with 2,500 cavalry and six pieces of artillery. I had to send heavy guns with him, not having howitzers. General Davidson can communicate with him from Pilot Knob.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 22, 1863.

Major-General HERRON, Rolla, Mo.:

There is no time for changing your carriages. If a strong force is at or near Pilot Knob, your whole available force should be moving forward to support Vandever. Reports are extravagant as to Price's numbers, but your forces at Salem or Houston would be in better position if occasion requires help. Move forward, and keep me advised. Will post Davidson.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Springfield, Mo., April 22, 1863.

Major General F. J. HERRON, Rolla:

One of my scouting parties to Talbot's Ferry reports that Price is moving up the Arkansas River. I can hardly credit this intelligence. I have a number of officers promoted from ranks, and men who need service of a mustering officer. Please inform me if you will send on to Houston, or shall I send them to Rolla. Paymasters refuse to pay until they are mustered in. Will you also give me the necessary authority to take the paymaster to Houston? Infantry left Forsyth this 6 a. m. Cavalry went south yesterday. All my transportation left here this morning for Houston.

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

ROLLA, MO., April 22, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER, Springfield, Mo.:

Your telegram received. Move your command to Houston with as little delay as possible, notifying me of the time you start from Springfield, and of your arrival at Houston. You can communicate with me at Salem from Houston. Keep a strict lookout to the east and south, for Marmaduke's cavalry will be in front of you. I will regulate the paymaster. Get what quartermaster's supplies your command needs from Springfield. Reduce baggage, and do not draw any tents. Shelter tents will be sent here and issued to this army. Do not start the battery and transportation until the infantry comes up. It would not be safe.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT., General 'S OFFICE,Numbers 183. Washington, April 22, 1863.

* * * *

VII. Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of the Tennessee, and will report in person,

