
AN ACT making appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the Government for the year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and for other purposes. Approved March 3, 1863.

* * * *

SEC. 25. And be it further enacted, That every judge-advocate of a court-martial or court of inquiry hereafter to be constituted, shall have power to issue the like process to compel witnesses to appear and testify which courts of criminal jurisdiction within the State, Territory, or district where such military courts shall be ordered to sit may lawfully issue.

VIII. The laws of war apply equally to all portions of our country while war exists, and they will be obeyed in all parts of this department. To secure prompt trial and punishment, district and crops commanders will have courts and commissions always ready to act summarily when occasion requires prompt punishment. Courts and commissions may be designated to accompany detached expeditions; the persons composing such courts not to be excused from field duty, except when actually trying a cause. When it is expedient, criminal will be turned over to the civil tribunals; but civil tribunals must not be used to embarrass or prevent military operations. When officers or soldiers transgress, they should be reported to superiors, who are required to redress wrongs inflicted on loyal and peaceable citizens, by turning the transgressor over to civil or military authority.

IX. Where are oath of allegiance is to be administered by the military authority, the following, and no other form, will be adopted:

I solemnly swear I will bear true allegiance to the United States, and support and sustain the Constitution and laws thereof; that I will maintain the national sovereignty paramount to that of all State, county, or Confederate powers; that I will discourage, discountenance, and forever oppose secession, rebellion, and the disintegration of the Federal Union; that I disclaim and denounce all faith and fellow-ship with the so-called Confederate armies, and pledge my honor, my property, and my life to the sacred performance of this my solemn oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States of America.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this ---- day of ----, 1863.

DESCRIPTION.

Age, ----; height, ----; color of eyes, ----; color of hair, ----; characteristics, ----.

When a bond is required the following form is prescribed:

Know all men by these presents, that we, ----, of ----, in the county of ----, and State of ----, as principal, and ----, as sureties, are held and firmly bound unto the United States of America, in the sum of ---- dollars, for the payment of which, well and truly to be made, we hereby bind ourselves, our heirs and assigns, firmly, by these presents. Sealed with our seals, and dated this ---- day of ---, A. D. 1863.

The condition of the above obligation is such that whereas the above bounden --- has been arrested on the charge of ---, and has been discharged from imprisonment upon his ---- and this bond.

Now, if the said ---- shall carefully and truly observe all the terms and conditions of said ----, abstain from all words or deeds tending to aid, encourage, or promote the existing rebellion against the authority of the United States, or to disturb the existing Government of the State of Missouri; and shall not, directly or indirectly, furnish information, arms, money, provisions, or any other commodity whatever to, or hold communication with, any person or persons engaged in hostilities against the Government of the United States or the State of Missouri, then this obligation is to be void. It is else to be in full force. And it is hereby understood and agreed that in case said ---- shall be found guilty of violating the conditions of this obligation or said ---- by any military commission or tribunal, appointed under orders of the commanding general to try such offenses, then any officer in the military service acting under orders from the department headquarters may seize and sell, or otherwise dispose of, any property of the above-named obligors, to an amount sufficient to satisfy the amount above named.

---- ----. [SEAL.]

---- ----. [SEAL.]

---- ----. [SEAL.]

Uniformity in these matters is enjoined.

