
X. All proceedings of military court will, as soon as practicable after confirmation, or necessary action by the convening authority, be transmitted though intermediate commanders to the judge-advocate at these headquarters.

XI. All newspapers within this department will give one insertion of this order in their columns, and forward a copy, with reasonable bill, to the assistant adjutant-general, at these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SAINT LOUIS, MO.] April 23, 1863.

General HERRON, Rolla:

Send three infantry regiments by earliest trains. Nothing new, but I want to strengthen Pilot Knob, so as to take initial with cavalry from that point.

[SAML. R. CURTIS,]

Major-General.

[SAINT LOUIS, MO.,] April 23, 1863.

Major MCKEE, Cassville:

I have directed the Fayetteville force to fall back to Springfield. You will fall back with them as far as Crane Creek, taking a commanding position on this side of the stream.

[SAML. R. CURTIS,]

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 23, 1863.

Major-General BLUNT:

GENERAL: Yours of the 17th instant,* and also your telegram of yesterday+ concerning armed expeditions in southwestern portions of Kansas, is received. I also received a copy of your order concerning matters in the western their of counties. The instructions go a little further than my Orders, 12, as you will perceive, and may do much good without your transcending my order in practice. A formidable [move] is made by Marmaduke in the southeastern corner of the State, which I find it very difficult to find a competent force to repel. Phillips is entirely too far off for support, and I have so telegraphed him. I am ordered to especially avoid remote Arkansas movements at present, and if Fayetteville forces had been overpowered somebody would have been severely reproached. The troops that properly belong to the Army of the Frontier must come under the command of General Herron as a necessary movable force, to be kept as a reserve, to to be used to garrison posts. The temporary use in your command cannot be delayed, as I need that army strengthened for immediate repulse of rebels now mustering in Arkansas and moving north. A considerable emigration is preparing to go to the mines. This is to be expected as the result of new gold discoveries, and the disorder and conscript laws which will be more active in the settlements. I fear, as you do, that such gathering may be somewhat disloyal, and they may commit some thefts and other villainies. Still, I do not believe the matter connected with the Knights of the Golden

---------------

*See p. 223.

+See p. 234.

---------------

