
Circle, so as to make a formidable matter of it. However this may be, we have too much to bear from organized, armed, and equipped rebel forces now to allow our forces to range far from central positions, where succor can be certain, and effective resistance secured. Phillips must come back, and, I think, Harrison also, at least until they can be more fully equipped, and a reserve force is more completely massed in a central position. It is very difficult to supply a mass of troops anywhere except on some of our railroads, and, therefore, Rolla and Sedalia must be important places to gather forces. I am particularly anxious to get the two or three regiments sent away from the First Division of the Army of the Frontier, and General Ewing was specially directed to collect what he had helped to scatter of the division. It is also necessary, in order than I may carry out my agreement to favor Colonel Cloud's regiment going west, as I promised you and General Loan I would do. I am embarrassed, of course, by the great demands which I have had to fill in sending troops to Generals Grant and Rosecrans, but I shall try to do all in my power to preserve the peace of all parts of the department when Vicksburg is taken, and I shall hope to have help from that quarter. In the mean time we must keep closer within our circumference.

Very truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 23, 1863.

His Excellency Gov. HAMILTON R. GAMBLE:

I desire to strengthen my forces on the Southwestern Branch Railroad, and also on the Iron Mountain road. A formidable rebel force has entered Southeastern Missouri, which must be immediately repelled. I desire you to call out three or four regiments of Enrolled Militia on each of these roads for thirty days' service, and that three regiments may be added to the strength of this city.

I have the honor to be, Governor, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., April 23, 1863.

General HERRON, Rolla:

Remain at Daylight. McNeil is safe at Cape Girardeau. The enemy, it seems to me, must fall back from Fredericktown, as I have pretty strong forces on two sides of him.

SAMUEL. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 23, 1863.

General HERRON:

The enemy seems to have moved east from Patterson. Halt your columns, and have three regiments of infantry at railroad ready to move, with only camp equipment. Nothing from Vandever.

CURTIS,

Major-General.

