
SPRINGFIELD, MO., April 23, 1863.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

Major Eno, commanding at Newtonia, reports having surprised and broken up two rebel camps within the last week, killing 8, wounding 10, and capturing 15 horses and mules, and scattering the guerrillas in every direction.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. F. COULD,

Colonel, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 23, 1863-2.40 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

All exchanges must be made under the cartel. Only two modes are provided, one by delivery at the points named and the other at the points agreed upon in the field. Exchange requires actual delivery across the lines. If necessary to act in Illinois, along the Mississippi River, you will do so without regard to department lines.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., April 23, 1863.

General CURTIS:

Can we be re-enforced, and that immediately? We can never hold this place without artillery and horses. There is no use in disguising the fact. Last night I was positive that Cabell and the Fort Sixth Indians had combined to attack me at daylight. My men stood under arms from midnight until after sunrise. Such an attack is brewing, and will come in force in a few days. We have no stores here; we have nothing to eat, and cannot get our trains, with good luck, till the 28th. Must we starve, and then have all the conscripts surrender to an overwhelming force, that will shoot them as deserters? We haul forage 45 miles, and weaken our command be large escorts. We can make no reconnaissances nor scouts for want of horses, and could not protect our rear and flanks in a retreat. The enemy are splendidly mounted. The men are brave, and have achieved a splendid victory, but we must have help or fall back. Answer immediately what I shall do. Colonel Phillips is about 90 miles from here, and of no use to us in case of an attack from Fort Smith. I should have to face the enemy's artillery all the way to get there.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

CAIRO, April 23, 1863.

General ASBOTH:

I will dispatch the first gunboat at my disposal to Cape Girardeau.

S. L. PHELPS,

Lieutenant-Commander of Station, pro tempore.

