
over the river. If I get Colonel Harrison's command will mine, we can take care of Cabell, Steele, Cooper, and all, unless Price re-enforces them. He must bring a heavier force than I think he can bring for a month to come, to drive us back. I do not know what the condition of Colonel Harrison's supplies are. When I order him to move, I will direct that his commissary trains be sent from Springfield (from which their supplies, I have been informed, are to come), via Newtonia, Maysville, Hildebrand's, &amp;c.; a little farther than Fayetteville, but not very much. I want to know whether their transportation will warrant me in moving them this way. Evansville, for instance, leaving a garrison in the fort here when I complete it.

The Creeks urge that they have been promised to get back to their Nation. Lieutenant-Colonel Dole thinks moving them from here would have a bad effect. I have no doubt but taking them to Arkansas would be very difficult.

This Indian command and the Government's interests here involve many delicate questions, as you are well aware, requiring prudent management. I do not fear keeping it in shape, but I beg of you to consider the pressing embarrassments that surround it, and the difficulty or impossibility of my keeping this command in Arkansas, until I have secured some degree of safety for the people brought in here.

I am, with respect,

W. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 25, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General McNeil telegraphs from Cape Girardeau that he expects an attack to-day. Is approached by two forces-one from the west (Marmaduke's) na done from the south (Burbridge's), the latter force 8,000 strong. Our force about 3,000. I wish you could send some re-enforcements from other department. Immediate answer requested.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., April 25, 1863-1 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Last night rebels attacked Scott Bridge and cut the wires this side of Pilot Knob. Were repulsed. They also appear on river bank this side of Cape Girardeau. I have forces at both places, but not strong enough to attack Marmaduke, who is near Fredericktown in force. Am trying to raise militia to help drive them back. Can I issue clothing and guns when the Governor thinks it necessary, to induce them to take the field?

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Scott, Kans., April 25, 1863.

Major General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding District of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 22nd instant, directing me to send all the mounted forces of Fort

