
Scott that can be spared to Humboldt and points west and south of that place.

I received also, a few days since, a dispatch from Captain Doudna, and a letter from Mr. Thurston, of Humboldt, asking from assistance and re-enforcements. The tenor of these letters showed considerable alarm, but upon questioning the express messenger I was inclined to think that perhaps their apprehensions had somewhat exaggerated the danger, as but 6 or 7 persons had ben seen, and they seemed to be engaged in a sort of stealing and robbing expedition. But whether the danger was imminent or not, I could not render any assistance. Of the three cavalry companies stationed here, I could only raise about 130 or 140 mounted men as an escort to the train. I started to Colonel Phillips on the 8th instant, and the escort was not as large as it should have been, especially in view of the fact, ow show, that the train will have to go to Fort Gibson. I have to a mounted man left. I tried to mount 3 men to send out for deserters, a few days since, but could not get horses. There is, to be sure, Captain Stevens' company at Morris' Mill, on Drywood, numbering some 50 or 60 men for duty, but that is such an important outpost that I do not think it safe to weaken or break it up. They also are short of horses, and cannot mount probably more than 40 men. They are all that could be sent, and they cannot be spared. I trust you will let me know your wishes in the matter as soon as possible; meantime hold me blameless in not sending off this company until I know you certainly desire it. I inclose to you a letter* from Dr. Dodge, who resides on the Osage, near McNeil's. It seems to me that a company of the Ninth in that region would do good service, not only to the loyal citizens there, but to the troops elsewhere, in the information they would be able to furnish of the movements of the wandering bands of bushwhackers that infest the border. Major Henning promised me he would urge upon your favorable consideration the importance of increasing the cavalry force at this post. It is utterly insufficient for present purposes. Last summer the headquarters of the department were here, and the enemy was concentrating for a decisive blow against your entire force. Now he is demoralized and scattered, he will split up his forces into small bands, and as there is nothing here but the garrison, it will be impossible to give such protection as should be given to exposed citizens without additional force. We should be constantly engaged in scattering, for as soon as the leaves are out the bushwhackers will be swarmably, and let me have the additions as soon as practicable.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Major Second Kansas Cavalry Volunteers, Commanding Post.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 25, 1863.

General HERRON:

The enemy is reported close on Cape Girardeau. Can you force be moved by rail to this place quickly? Is it near the depot?

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

