
APRIL 25, 1863

General DAVIDSON:

My strength is as follows: Twenty-third Missouri, 140; Thirty-fourth Iowa, 240; Twenty-fourth Missouri, 74; First Missouri State Militia, 125. I can turn out about 100 men from the different cavalry regiments left behind. The rest of the Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers is on the railroad mutineers; [?] 56 with my cannon. Colonel Whitely telegraphs from Mineral Point there are 200 rebels near Caledonia. Major Barnes says the rebels have retreated toward Dallas. They may go around toward Bangor and come back on me.

JOHN F. TYLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 25, 1863.

General BLUNT:

Spend the Colorado troops by rail to this place. Marmaduke is near Cape Girardeau; expected to attack General McNeil to-day. All quiet in other parts of the country; but the road between Cassville and Fayetteville is infested with guerrillas watching for a train, which we will not send, as Harrison will fall back.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

ROLLA, MO., April 25, 1863.

General CURTIS:

I have only two regiments of infantry and one battery left. Can have them ready to move in three hours, if cars are here. My First Division is in the southwest. I would like to go down there with the balance of my command and try Marmaduke. Will see about the cars. Answer.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., April 25, 1863

Colonel CALLENDER,

Commanding Arsenal, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding district to notify you that I take command of the troops going to re-enforce Cape Girardeau, and that you will, without delay, ship the regiment you send from the arsenal on board of steamer conveying this letter to you, and now lying at the wharf of he arsenal.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Infantry,

Commanding Troops en route to Cape Girardeau, Mo.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., April 25, 1863.

Major-General HERRON:

General Vandever has arrived at Fredericktown. Marmaduke left there last night and went toward Cape Girardeau. Vandever will

