
move after him in the morning. McNeil reports from Cape Girardeau that the enemy are within 12 miles-on two roads. He is ready for them. Gunboats assist him. Colonel Glover, Third Missouri Cavalry, is with Vandever.

Respectfully,

L. O'REILLY.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Rolla, Mo., April 25, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Leavenworth, Kans.:

You are hereby assigned to command of the First Division, Army of the Frontier. Colonel Weer, with his portion of the division, is at Houston, in this State. You will at once move that portion of the command now at Fort Scott to Houston, taking a route north of Springfield to secure forage. I have ordered the paymaster to meet you at Houston. Leave a detail of cavalry to accompany Allen's battery, and issue orders for its completion at the earliest possible time. Take with you twenty days' rations from Fort Scott, and have all unnecessary baggage left. Important movements are on foot, and require quick action on our part. Answer.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp near Bloomington, Mo., April 25, 1863.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding Army of the Frontier:

SIR: I reached here to-day with all the command that was at Forsyth, except a portion of the cavalry, which I expect to find at Hartville to-morrow. I would have made greater progress to-day, but a heavy rain came up this morning, which made the roads almost impassable. Some of my wagons will not get up to-night. I propose to camp at Hartville to-morrow night, and will push on to Houston as rapidly as possible. I have thus far been able to get forage by dragging it from under beds and other hiding places. Though my animals, from so much continuous service, are losing flesh fast, I shall have to rely, I presume chiefly on grass for subsistence. The horses of the Twenty-fifth Ohio Battery are failing fast; they are part of the unserviceable lot sent from Saint Louis as few weeks ago, and are utterly worthless for that kind of service. It would be a public benefit if substitutes could be found for them. Otherwise, with some slight repairs and outfitting, the battery would be very efficient.

The Nineteenth Iowa are in great need of shoes, and the Third Wisconsin Cavalry of clothing. It is generally understood that at Houston we rid ourselves of a vast amount of baggage, including tents. This will give a great abundance of transportation. I presume, and have so said, that all the surplus baggage will be sent to Rolla from Houston, and the necessary quartermaster stores received from there.

Allow me, general, to again call your attention to the question of pay. The Nineteenth Iowa, Twenty-fifth Ohio Battery, and Ninth Wisconsin have not yet been paid. The latter has been eight months without pay, and they are receiving accounts from Wisconsin of suffering in their

