
families for want of it. Necessity drove us from Forsyth; the paymaster present. The men expected to be paid at Springfield, but the want of forage there (Colonel Cloud ordered his quartermaster not to furnish me any) compelled a hasty departure from there. It is difficult to get me to be reconciled with what to them appears a running away from the paymaster. I have assured them, upon the faith of your telegraphic dispatch, that they will be paid at Houston. There is still, however, some murmuring aggravated, no doubt, from the fact that they have for two days been marching in rain and mud; and to-morrow before starting, I propose to talk to them, collectively, upon the matter, renewing the assurance above mentioned. Major Jones, senior paymaster at Springfield, informed me that his subordinate paymasters have plenty of money; that Major Adams who had commenced the payment at Forsyth, could as well go with us as not; that he had force enough without him to settle with the troops in that district; but he felt unauthorized to send Major Adams with us, as we were going into another district. He remarked that a telegraphic order from Major Brown, at Saint Louis, would remove the difficulty. Allow me to beg you, general, to obtain this, so that we may meet the paymaster and a mustering officer at Houston. We will hardly reach there before some time on the 28th. The men paid, I would have a thoroughly satisfied command, and certainly this part of the division deserves some extra attention, as they have had no rest since the battle of Prairie Grove. I have heard nothing as yet from the troops near Fort Scott,but presume they are on the way. They, no doubt, will be looking for payment.

Nothing is known on my route thus far as to the enemy. Thieving bands have been through this country, among others Quantrill and some 30 men.

Upon reaching Houston, I will, if you have no objections, call upon you at Salem.

A small advance of my cavalry occupy Hartville to-night.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

[DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,]

April 26, 1863.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

Dispatch received from General McNeil, dated 12 m. Two gunboats had arrived, our troops in good spirits. General Vandever left Fredericktown this morning with strong cavalry force to attack rebels in rear. Fifty miles to go, but will travel night and day. The firing heard at telegraph station (Jonesborough) has just ceased.

[SAML. R. CURTIS,]

Major-General.

[DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI.]

April 26, 1863.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

General McNeil telegraphs, 2 p.m,. from Cape Girardeau, that the enemy had ceased firing, and seem to be changing position to renew the attack. Some of my re-enforcements had arrived safely by steamers.

