
There has been no further firing heard at railroad station. Every moment admits of Vandever's nearer approach, near the enemy's rear, and our troops are behaving well.

SAML. R. CURTIS.]

Major-General.

[DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,]

April 26, 1863.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

Another dispatch from Cape Girardeau to General Davidson, just received, asks the whereabouts of General Vandever, preparatory to a sortie. The repulse of rebels seems complete, as there is no new attack. Our long-range guns made great havoc in the rebel lines. Our loss is only 20 killed and wounded. The enemy may take advantage of the darkness to retreat before Vandever's cavalry arrives. So far we claim a decided victory.

[SAML. R. CURTIS,]

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 26, 1863. - 11 a.m.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

No troops from other departments can be sent. You are stronger, in proportion to the enemy, than any other general in the field. You keep your forces too much scattered. Concentrate them upon the enemy, and you will have nothing to fear.

H. W. HALLECK,.

General-in-Chief.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 26, 1863

Major-General HERRON:

Information just received from Pilot Knob that 300 rebels crossed the Iron Mountain Railroad last night, moving toward the Pacific Railroad. I will look out from here to Franklin. Can your troops, general, look out from Rolla to Franklin? I am pushed for men for the ordinary detail of the prison guards.

Respectfully,

J. W. DAVIDSON.

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 26, 1863.

Major WILLIAM HYDE CLARK:

Arrived here at 4 o'clock. Send order to General Orme to start out two detachments of cavalry, 50 men each, to scour the country south of the railroad. Have them go at once. Marmaduke has attacked McNeil at Cape Girardeau; fighting going on to-day. Vandever is moving up rapidly to attack Marmaduke in the rear. I instruct Orme to keep his men on the alert.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

(Sent by Major Clark to General Orme, same date.)

