HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., April 27, 1863.

General ASBOTH:

My troops have routed the rebels near Cape Girardeau, and they retreated toward Chalk Bluff. Even a small additional force at New Madrid would admit of a successful move from that point. There is some trouble crossing Little River, but this makes it safe if the enemy goes down on the west side of Little River.

SAML. R. CURTIS.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE,Fort Gibson, C. N. April 27, 1863.

Major-General BLUNT:

Dispatches of the 20th are received. Have received orders from General Curtis to move toward Harrison or move him to me. I have ordered him to Hildebrand's, 36 miles west of Fayetteville; good grass there for his stock. I move on the enemy to-night, as they have a force at Webber's Falls. If I abandon Fort Gibson, I cannot recruit the two regiments. Recruits are coming in. I am erecting a strong earthwork here, including a strong and large commissary building. In a week it will be almost impregnable. It is constructed on scientific principles, and as soon as it is in shape I purpose moving toward the line near Evansville, taking the Arkansas men with me. I beg of you to urge on General Curtis the ruin that will ensue to the Indians just taken into the Nation. If I cannot protect them, the failure to do so will seriously injure the Indian commander.

Slot [Steele?] and Ewing are south of the river; the former was at Fort Smith and latter at Steelville. It is reported that they are with the forces at Webber's Falls. I have sent scouts down to Ozark and Clarksville; also south of the river. I have ordered Colonel Harrison's supplies to be sent from Springfield, via Newtonia and Maysville, to Hildebrand's, and desire that he be supplied, so as to be kept near me. I believe that the enemy are reorganizing their forces rather than bringing new troops. These dispositions suggest themselves as best. If Price comes in force, I shall fall back on my supplies by the Grand River; above there is good grass. If you approve, will you see that I am sustained in Colonel Harrison's supplies and my own? The train started four days ago for Fort Scott, by Grand River. It is indispensable that it should stop only one day at Fort Scott. It was not half a day here. We are on half rations.

WM. A. PHILLIPS

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 27, 1863.

Honorable ISAAC H. STURGEON,

President of New Mexico Railroad:

MY DEAR SIR: I am in receipt of yours of the 26th, inclosing a letter from a director of your road, living at Danville, concerning the dangers apprehended to your line. I have immediately notified my officers, who will do all in their power. I am not strong enough to guard all points as I would like to do, and I am greatly annoyed by efforts made at Washington to represent that I need no Federal force in the State, or

