
that is should all be massed at some certain point of attack, which, of course, no man knows. The idea has been that the Enrolled Missouri Militia could always answer the purpose, and I will refer your letter to the Governor, to show the matter of militia being unarmed, as you friend states, operating as a dangerous arrangement. The fact is, the Enrolled Missouri Militia will go to the corn-fields instead of remote battle-fields, which they think others may attend to; and when they get no pay, and know the needy condition of their families how can we expect them to turn out promptly? I am doing all I can to keep every point quiet, and will especially try to protect the railroad bridges.

I am, my dear sir, very truly,

[SAML. R. CURTIS.]

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., April 27, 1863.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding, Rolla:

Will march Friday morning next. Battery, under escort, will leave here Thursday morning, and meet me about Andersonville, Dallas County, Missouri. Could not march earlier without being crippled for want of mules, purchased and just being sent from here for brigade and regimental trains.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., April 27, 1863

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Memphis, Tenn.:

At the urgent solicitation of Brigadier General John McNeil commanding at Cape Girardeau, I have this morning sent him two regiments of infantry, a section of artillery, and 100,000 rounds of ammunition for his command, with directions to send back the troops as soon as re-enforced by Brigadier-General Vandever, which he expected to-day. General McNeil wrote me that he had been attacked by Marmaduke with four brigades (8,000 men), and repulsed him, but would be attacked again. As my troops here were all provided with condemned arms, I considered it necessary to take from a large lot of good arms on steamer Bostona, Numbers 2, consigned to Captain Harper, Memphis, 3,000 Enfield rifled muskets, as alluded to in yesterday's telegram and had my explanatory report ready to send by Bostona, but she left from the lower depot without orders or permission.

The report will be sent by first boat.

ASBOTH.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Camp at Hartville, Mo., April 27, 1863.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding Army of the Frontier:

A dispatch from you, via Springfield, has been received late this evening. I have been detained by rain, mud, and high water. I have spent nearly all day crossing the Gasconade at this point, which is very high. Some of my wagons are twenty-four hours behind. The roads

17 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

