
SAINT LOUIS, MO., April 28, 1863-9 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Part of the Second Artillery prove to be Reserve Corps, and claim benefit of orders in regard to such troops. They have refused duty on this claim, and are worthless. I ordered a court of inquiry, which decided the matter on proof, and have ordered their muster-out, pursuant to orders concerning such Reserve Corps. I have induced them to do duty during present troubles, and can rescind the order if you desire it.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF CAIRO,Cairo, Ill., April 28, 1863-5 p.m.

General McNEIL,

Commanding, Cape Girardeau:

SIR: General Asboth telegraphs me, at 2.30 this p.m. that he sent last night six companies of cavalry to New Madrid, to march thence in the direction of Cape Girardeau, to intercept the enemy and co-operate with you. At 2.30 he heard cannonading. He desires me to send you this information by special messenger. His telegram reached me at 5 p.m. I instantly sent a dispatch boat with Lieutenant J. H. Livingston to deliver this to you or the commanding officer at Cape Girardeau, requesting the latter, if you are absent, to take the steps the information suggests.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 28, 1863.

His Excellency HAMILTON R. GAMBLE, Governor:

A Mr. James H. Robinson, director North Missouri Railroad, expresses great [fear of] an attack on that road. He says the Enrolled Missouri Militia, recently relieved,should be again called out to do duty, and says at least four companies in Montgomery may be considered strictly loyal. He writes from Danville:

I have called special attention of United States forces to the railroad, but General McKean says he is hard pressed, with guerrilla symptoms in the district everywhere, and has not sufficient force to do much. He will do all he can to prevent the rising, of rebels, which we may still apprehend when force and fear are withdrawn from rebel communities.

I hope Your Excellency will exercise a liberal discretion in aid of the Government, and keep me advised of just what military force is held by you at any and all times, so I can dispose of other forces to the best possible advantage.

I have apprehended much difficulty in keeping the Enrolled Missouri Militia in the field during the season of planting, and I still consider it very uncertain as to how many you may be able to command at a given time and place. To meet such attacks as we have repulsed in Southeast-

