
you can?" I have telegraphed asking for one hundred and fifty small cannon, so as to put two on every boat. I expect General Ripley will raise both hands with exclamations of horror at the expense. they may cost $150,000, which is not half as much as our loss in one boat a few days ago. I am glad to get letters, but you know I have no time to respond. The committee has returned from Washington, after seeing the President in regard to the case of Dr. McPheeters. The President argues against the order, but leaves the matter to me. He thinks the form of the order seems to show that we undertake to "run the church," inasmuch as we order matters turned over to a committee. The point is well taken, I confess. I never saw the order till it was published, and it differs, as you know, very materially from the one I proposed, which merely stated the services of the church had been directed from divine to disloyal purposes, and should therefore be closed; but the form is not material, although efforts have been made to give importance to it.

Give my regard to Mrs. Fisk, who, I suppose, is still with you, and believe me, very truly, your friend,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 8, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Only a few howitzers can be sent. A number of old field pieces at the Saint Louis Arsenal can be mounted on trestles, &amp;c., and put on the steamers.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., January 8, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

A rebel force is moving from Forsyth against Springfield. It has taken and burned a mill 45 miles from Springfield, and is still approaching. Things look dangerous, but General Brown was preparing to resist with garrison of about 2,000 irregular troops.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[JANUARY 8, 1863.-For McClernand to Curtis, see Series I, Vol. XVII, Part II, p.545.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Fayetteville, January 8, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER,

Commanding First Division:

COLONEL: I have determined, after further consideration, to rescind the order I made yesterday detaching troops from Colonel Phillips, and leave the organization of the division as made by General Blunt. It is necessary, for the present at least, to put some artillery and white troops with the Indian brigade. I would like, if possible, to make

