
ern Missouri the best possible efforts have been made, as I know, on the present occasion, and exact results are desired so we will know what to depend upon if another occasion arises. We are all interested in exactly knowing our available strength, a matter that a soldier with the deepest anxiety. Casual observes generally take the apparent or probable force for the certainly available, but I have all my life had much to do with volunteers, and understand better than most persons the difference between these items of power.

I have the honor to be, Governor, with great respect, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

[SAML. R. CURTIS,]

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 28, 1863.

Major-General POPE, Milwaukee, Wis.:

General Curtis reported that he had ordered the Nebraska cavalry to report at Sioux City. The Governor of Nebraska telegraphed that they had received the order and were moving. He twice begged to have the order countermanded, which I refused.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., April 29, 1863

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: The Third Colorado left last evening for Saint Louis. General Ewing left yesterday for Fort Scott, to move with the First Division to Houston, in obedience to an order from General Herron. This leaves me entirely destitute of troops, except the Ninth Kansas (which also belongs to the Army of the Frontier). They are now doing duty on the border, and will be insufficient for the purposes there when Colonel Penick's regiment is mustered out. If you desire that they shall join the First Division, under General Ewing, please direct me by telegraph. I have no mounted troops to do escort duty with the supply trains to Colonel Phillips' command, which pass over a long route infested with guerrillas. I have ordered the negro regiment south to support Phillips.

If the management of affairs in Western Arkansas and the Indian Territory is to be left to my judgment and discretion, not one foot of ground shall be given up that we now occupy, until driven from it by superior force. I have so directed Colonel Phillips, and shall so direct him until my superiors order me to do otherwise, and take the responsibility of making a direct order on the subject. I know too well what it has cost to obtain the occupancy of that country, and the disastrous consequences that would result from its abandonment. I need hardly tell you that I do not feel myself particularly flattered in having all my troops taken from me, after laboring assiduously in raising and organizing them, and, with them, making the only successful campaign that has been made during the war. Every one knows that the operations

