
you will detail all the available cavalry in your command for that duty. The efficient mounted men of the First Ohio Cavalry will be placed upon the same duty. It should be communicated to them that the main column will march to Salem in two days; that the business of this cavalry detachments is to guard well the right flank of the main column. They may rejoin the command at Salem as soon as circumstances permit, taking into account travel and forage. This cavalry will take with it rations for three days, &amp;c. Its transportation will accompany the main column. The other troops under your command will march early to-morrow morning to Salem with the transportation. The First Iowa Cavalry will be ordered to report to you for instructions.

Respectfully,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., April 30, 1863

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS:

Commanding Indian Brigade, Fayetteville, Ark.:

General Curtis' policy is to have you fall back, but he must take the responsibility of ordering it. I have ordered the negro regiment to Baxter Springs; they are intended to support you; are 1,000 strong. These are all the troops I have, all others having been taken from me. Colonel Williams and Colonel Harrison will report to you for orders. You will order the negro regiment near you, if you think best. Keep your force concentrated, and do not give up the country until forced to do so by superior force, unless ordered to do so by General Curtis. I will try to keep you supplied.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Houston, Mo., April 30, 1863.

WILLIAM HYDE CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your communication of 25th instant was received upon my arrival here last evening. I start this morning with the head of the column to Salem and will encamp about midway between there and here, reaching Salem to-morrow. My cavalry is all in, and start this morning, with very serviceable horses, by the way of Current River, to Salem, spending some three or four days en route. My commissary train is yet some miles in the rear, but will overtake us at Salem, as the roads are now good; it is well guarded. We are suffering for forage, and if some could be furnished at Salem it would be a great relief.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

