HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Rolla, Mo., May 1, 1863

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Major Miller, of the Second Wisconsin Cavalry has just returned from an extended scout south of Salem and Houston. He reports no enemy in that direction, except Colonel Freeman's band, some 200 strong. I send a party after them to-morrow. The stage, with mails, has been robbed twice within the past week between this place and Waynesville, but as yet nothing has been done by the commanding officer of this district toward looking up the thieves. A stirring up from headquarters would be of some avail.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Rolla, Mo., May 1, 1863.

Citizens of Pulaski County, Missouri:

The stage on the route from Rolla to Springfield having been robbed three times within the past week, at or near the California House, and the mails abstracted therefrom, the undersigned hereby gives notice that he will hold the citizens along the route responsible for these acts.

1st. That in future any horse stolen will be replaced at once by stock taken from citizens in the vicinity.

2nd. That any and every one captured who has been connected with these robberies will be shot without ceremony.

Without the citizens take measures to rid their neighborhood of these thieves, a very summary mode will be adopted to correct this matter.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

FORT GIBSON, C. N., May 1, 1863.

Major-General BLUNT:

SIR: After defeating the enemy at Webber's Falls, I sent Lieutenant-Colonel Schaurte and Major Foreman, with a heavy force, and artillery, toward Fayetteville. Colonel Bryan and Major Pickler were about Dutch Mills or Cane Hill. The enemy had, however, on receiving the news of Webber's Falls, retreated precipitately, and crossed the Arkansas River at Fort Smith. I have ascertained that the loss of the enemy at Webber's Falls is much greater than a first reported. Rebels are moving families south of the river. The rebels report Price coming, but I get no definite data of him. I intend to strike North Fork, so as to recruit, and because striking is the best policy. Arkansas River is high; Grand River up; Verdigris up. I have strong works here that cannot be taken; inclosed 15 or 16 acres; water, and strong commissary buildings. Made three ferry-boats on the Grand River, under the works; will make a floating bridge, if I have time. Suffering for bread. The agent has been very derelict in not sending bread to the people. Command on very short rations; unless train has started promptly, will suffer. Evacuation of this country would lead to untold disaster to these people and our cause. I consider the possibility of other misfortunes less dangerous. I can hold my works and send heavy mounted scouts out. My responsibilities press, but I am not afraid of them.

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

