
LICKING, MO., May 2, 1863

Captain J. LOVELL, Assistant Adjutant-General, Rolla District:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make, for the information of the general commanding, the following report:

On the 29th of April a squad of horse thieves, numbering 17, under the leadership of one Captain Cook, arrested and carried away 5 loyal citizens living on the Salem road, about 8 miles from this place. Three of the men arrested were discharged soldiers, and were living together for mutual protection. Immediately upon learning of the affair, I sent a squad in pursuit, and also caused to be arrested 5 of the most prominent rebel sympathizers in that vicinity, whom I shall retain as hostages for the safe return of the loyal prisoners. The squad which I sent in pursuit returned without having accomplished anything. My force pursued them 30 miles, but as they had some five hours' advance it was deemed useless to pursue them farther, and they accordingly gave up the chase, and returned to camp on the following day.

On the 29th, I also sent out 3 men as spies, and also for the purpose of capturing if possible, a notorious character named Reed, living about 30 miles south from this place. They were not successful, however, in arresting Reed, but on their way to camp feel in with one D. C. Boone, a recruiting officer for "Freeman's guerrillas," whom they arrested and brought in. Boone reports that he left Freeman on Spring River, about 80 miles distant from this place, where he has something over 100 guerrilas encamped. and that he had authority to recruit a full regiment. I have Boone in close confinement, and will see that he does not escape. I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. KAISER,

Major, Commanding Post.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 3, 1863

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Vandever came upon the rear of enemy at Bloomfield, when some skirmishing occurred, and the rebels were again repulsed. By destroying bridges pursuit is embarrassed, but continued in the direction of Chalk Bluff. I hope my directions of a movement from New Madrid may meet them at that crossing. All accounts concur in stating the force at 7,000 or 8,000 and ten pieces of artillery. Price is not with the command.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 3, 1863

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

You are authorized to fill up the Second Missouri Artillery as rapidly as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAYNESVILLE, MO., May 3, 1863

Brigadier General THOMAS A. DAVIES.

Commanding Rolla District, Rolla, Mo.:

GENERAL: For the last few weeks, as you are aware, this section of country has been infested with horse thieves, who have committed

