
some arrangement which would be more satisfactory, but I see now no way of accomplishing it. I hope something better may be practicable by and by.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. VOLUNTEERS,Near and above Memphis, January 9, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: At 2 p.m. yesterday I pushed off from Columbus with the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-third Iowa and Thirty-fifth Missouri, all afloat for Helena. I left the Twenty-first Missouri and Bowen's detachment of cavalry to be forwarded this day. I was glad to turn my back on Columbus. Was detained there just twenty-four hours after getting on board my steamer by a new scare. Will write you fully my views of Columbus, its defenses and defender, at another time.

I stopped at Island Numbers 10. Saw the destruction which had been worked, and had a conference with Major Jones, commanding. Visited Colonel Hughes at New Madrid, which post can be well cared for by Colonel Scott's six companies, now at Fort Pillow. Called at Fort Pillow this morning to see Colonel Scott; found he was at Saint Louis. My plan was to send a steamer from Memphis to remove his command to New Madrid and return with Colonel Hughes' regiment to Helena; but, as you will doubtless see and order Colonel Scott, I advised Lieutenant-Colonel Mix to make no move until Colonel Scott should return. A company of cavalry at Fort Pillow had a successful fight with Dawson's guerrillas, 40 miles in the rear of the fort, yesterday. Sixteen rebels were killed, many wounded, and 47 prisoners captured and brought to the fort; 1 major, 2 captains, and 4 lieutenants were among the number; a large number of horses and arms were taken. I hope to be in Helena on to-morrow morning, and am ready to pitch in. I arrested a crowd of gamblers on my flag-ship last night, and put them off at Fort Pillow, to be confined at hard labor for twenty days, and divided their plunder among Sanitary Commission agents on board. The rascals must not get in my way.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp at Hunstville, January 9, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Commanding:

GENERAL: I learn through citizens, and deserters direct from Hindman's force, that he is camped (or was last Wednesday morning) on Piney River, 12 miles east of Clarksville. It seems, from all reports, that he traveled on the south side of the river down to Point Remove, crossed there, and marched up on the north side to Clarksville, where he encamped.

On last Sunday they became frightened and moved to Piney, 12 miles below, where he has selected a good location to fight, and has planted his batteries. McCulloch's force, said to number from 4,000 to 8,000,

