
the wives of the above-named officers and their friends have kept up a constant communication with their friends in the rebel army, sending clothing and other articles for their use. They keep up constant mail communication with them, and by these means they greatly aid and comfort the rebels. Mrs. Burbridge has twice been passed through our lines to the rebel army, and it is understood here that she is shortly expected back again. Mrs. Senteny, wife of Major Senteny, was passed through our lines at Corinth to her husband, and is expected back here soon. In all these trips they carry rebel mails, clothing, &amp;c. While humanity is certainly commendable in some cases, it is a question how far these courtesies ought to be extended to the most inveterate rebels, male and female, in the rebel army, who have been protected here in the enjoyment of all the rights and privileges due to loyal citizens, and they have repaid it by constant abuse of Union citizens. I speak what I know to be the desire of every loyal lady and gentleman of this town, that the friends of these rebel officers should be treated as the friends of any other rebels and from whom we have to expect, in the event of their ever getting into power here, nothing but the most degrading and brutal treatment, though I must say as yet we have not much apprehension of danger from that source.

Again, sir, excuse the liberty I have taken, and the length of this letter, and ascribe it to an ardent desire to contribute my mite to the cause of our country.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

EDWIN DRAPER.

P. S. - Since the above was written I have learned from an undoubted source that Clinton Burbridge, a brother of the general, and a most notorious guerrilla and outlaw, has been seen in Saint Louis within the last few days, and is no doubt there now, unless he is here secreted somewhere.

Burbridge is a brother of Mrs. Samuel Gaty, where he would find shelter and protection, though it is likely he would not lodge there, as Gaty would not wish to be compromised by his detection in his house. The house of John S. McCune, esq., has heretofore been a grand place of rendezvous for female traitors, who met there for the purpose of making and dispatching clothing, &c., to the rebels. I cannot say that Mr. McCune is cognizant of, or a party to, these proceedings but there is no question of the facts. Mrs. McCune is a most uncompromising and persevering rebel and rules all matters connected with her household. She has a son, a Confederate officer, now or recently a prisoner at Alton. The active operations of Mrs. McCune and friends to which I refer were some time since, but doubtless still carried on to some extent. In this connection, I would prefer my name not mentioned, as Mrs. McCune is an old friend, but I can give names of persons who personally know of the disloyal gatherings and preparations there in former months.

[Indorsements.]

SAINT LOUIS, April 7, 1863

Respectfully referred to Colonel F. A. Dick, who will look after the Burbridge matter, and then refer this to His Excellency Governor Gamble for his notice, with a request that he will return it to these headquarters.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

