
ber up with it to make a ferry-boat at Neosho; I have made four ferry-boats here. During my last demonstration southeast, the enemy burned all the boats this side of Van Buren.

Captain [Henry S.] Anderson arrived, and at your request I assigned him to the recruiting service. I have got some Arkansas recruits for him here, quite a squad, and the captain is now at the head of an Indian scout, and with some Arkansas men in Washington and Crawford Counties watching my flank and recruiting.

Colonel [R. P.] Crump and some Texas troops arrived at Fort Smith last Friday. Kirby Smith commands in Arkansas, and the rebels are very active. My scouts have had several little brushes since the fight at Webber's Falls, and have been uniformly successful. I urge with the deepest earnestness upon you that you secure a proper amount of food for my command. The Government has really furnished much less than half rations to my command since last January. If I could make it here I would say nothing, but I urge on you, and I know you must feel, that a command that has behaved so well deserves better than to be half starved.

I remain, very respectfully,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, May 11, 1863

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

DEAR SIR: I have again concluded to relieve General Curtis. I see no other way to avoid the worst consequences there. I think of General Schofield as his successor, but I do not wish to take the matter of a successor out of the hands of yourself and General Halleck.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT., General 'S 						OFFICE,Numbers 213. Washington, May 12, 1863

* * * * *

IV. Brigadier General A. Sully, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person to Major General John Pope, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 13, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

You have been appointed by the President to the command of the Department of the Missouri. You will accordingly immediately repair to Saint Louis and relieve Major-General Curtis from that command.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

