HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., May 13, 1863

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: At such a crisis east, west, and everywhere, I will not trouble you with details in this department. Reliable information just received satisfies me that the enemy west of the Mississippi is located as follows: Near Little Rock, mostly infantry, under General Price, 11,000; near Batesville, and on this side, extending into some of the lower counties in Missouri, under Marmaduke and others, about 8,000; in the region of Fort Smith, including rebel Indians under General Cabell and others, about 4,000. General Price has sent recruiting officers into this State, who are everywhere busy trying to raise the rebels of the neighborhood, but my troops are vigilant and earnest in all parts of the department, and they make but little headway so far. But the rivers of Arkansas are again high, and we now have a great many small gunboats that could run up White and Arkansas Rivers. It is the time to clean out Arkansas the instant such boats can be had. Price is sending out his recruiting officers with circulars enticing the Arkansas conscripts to return to the lines. A move up White River now would separate Marmaduke and Price, and totally dishearten all the rebels in Missouri, Arkansas and everywhere west of the Mississippi. I think a junction could be formed between forces now at Helena and General Herron's force (the Army of the Frontier), now massing west of Pilot Knob, and thereby complete the discomfiture of every rebel hope in this region. The temporary withdrawal of Eastern Arkansas from this department has prevented a united effort in regard to Marmaduke, which may yet be accomplished, I think, without inconvenience to General Grant's movements. Captain Eads' new monitors are just coming out, and a few days on White River would be a good work for them. Marmaduke's equipment is mainly at Oil Trough Bottom, on the other side of White River, while his troops are along Black River unable to get over the river. I could renew and extend my attack on Marmaduke, but without supplies by river I could not go fast enough to prevent his escape.

I submit the matter for your consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo., May 13, 1863

Brigadier General BEN. LOAN, Jefferson City, Mo.:

GENERAL: Yours of the 9th is received. Banishment to the free States is doing us more harm than anything else. They join the Copperheads, and do all the mischief possible. I am sending them south, but this, too, is difficult; the rebels despise, and I think they will refuse them; nevertheless a first installment starts to-day. My Orders, Numbers 30 is designed to keep within strict law. One county will get cases enough. I hope you will keep them at work. The object is to create a wholesome fear. That is already established here in the city. You can arrest and hold for trial. There is now no doubt as to the propriety of punishing with death those who come into our lines to recruit rebels. A case has been taken up to the President and approved by him. A

