
few executions will check that business in this State. Price has sent recruiting officers through the country, and we must look out for them. Major [Robert] Smith, paymaster, reported everything remarkably quiet in your district, and seemed to think we might bring away some of the force now there. Consider the matter of sending some of your force to Rolla or Springfield, if forage could be had there. I must have our forces forward, and so convenient as to meet intended raids from Arkansas. Try to make your troops move about in various directions, and report to me how and where they move. We must not allow the vipers to make their nests, or, if they do, we must crush the eggs before they hatch. I think, on the whole, our news from the east and south is encouraging.

Very truly, yours,

[SAML. R. CURTIS.]

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Salem, Mo., May 13, 1863

Brigadier-General ORME,

Commanding Army of the Frontier, Rolla, Mo.:

SIR: I reached here this afternoon with the Tenth and Eleventh Kansas, and 10 men of the Sixth Kansas Cavalry as escort.

Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, with two companies of the Sixth Kansas, and men of the Second Brigade not returned to Fort Scott when the brigade left there, will be here on the 16th instant.

I will, to-morrow communicate to the commanding officers of that portion of the First Division which I found here my order assuming command, a copy of which I inclose. I would have delayed issuing that order until my arrival here had it not been necessary to assume the command before leaving Kansas, so as to issue to the Sixth Regiment, which had not been in my brigade, the orders necessary to carry out the worth, as to marching the troops back from Kansas.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Div. Army of the Frontier.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST DIV. ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,

Numbers 1. Camp Jewell, Vernon Co., Mo., April 26, 1863

Pursuant to orders from Major-General Herron, the undersigned assumes command of the First Division of the Army of the Frontier.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans., May 14, 1863

Colonel N. P. CHIPMAN,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Missouri:

COLONEL: I am just in receipt of your telegram of yesterday, informing me that the general commanding has approved of the proposition to exchange the Wisconsin troops for the Sixth Kansas. It will be impossible for me to send the Wisconsin troops to General Herron until I have the Sixth Kansas or other troops to relieve them. I am greatly

