
arrived several days before Hindman, and is with him. All agree in the statement that Hindman has lost from 5,000 to 8,000 men by desertion since the battle at Prairie Grove. A large number are at the present time within one day's walk of Hunstville. Hindman has all the ferry-boats with him at the mouth of Piney. The understanding in the rebel camps was that Marmaduke, with his cavalry, had gone up White River to Jacksonport, and would operate from there on our line of communication. No troops at Little Rock. Nothing new in the neighborhood of Hunstville.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp at Huntsville, January 9, 1863.

General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Commanding:

GENERAL: I received your dispatch an hour since, and will move my division at an early hour in the morning toward Carrollton, acting as circumstances may determine upon my arrival there. Marmaduke is undoubtedly at the head of this movement, as I informed you this afternoon, and I heartily co-operate in any movement to catch him. It will probably be necessary for me to go beyond Carrollton to accomplish the object, and I think, if he attempts to pass me, somebody will get hurt. The query is, where did he cross the river, and will he not attempt to go back on the east side?

If Warren could move rapidly to Vera Cruz, I think he could be cornered. I will operate according to your instructions.

We have on hand ten days' rations of everything except breadstuffs, and of that have only three days'. This was caused by the men consuming more bread on the march to help Blunt, and for a day or two after the fight, than the allowance, no meat being distributed. General Blunt informed my commissary that he would furnish us one-half ration of flour from Rhea's Mills, to make up the deficiency, but we have never received it. A train is now on the way for the Third Division, having left Springfield on the 30th ultimo. It is probably at Fayetteville. If it could be sent to me, under charge of a strong cavalry escort, that would relieve the whole matter. Will keep you fully informed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Fayetteville, January 9, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER,

Commanding First Division, Elm Springs, Ark.:

COLONEL: I have information that Marmaduke, with a strong cavalry force and six pieces of artillery, is on a raid into Missouri. He passed up somewhere east of us, probably near Carrollton. I have disposed the Second and Third Divisions so as, if possible, to cut off his retreat in that direction, and I desire your division to guard the passes west of White River. You will please send one brigade east to the Telegraph road, in the vicinity of Mudtown or Cross Hollows, and the Indian brigade, with Colonel Lynde's battalion, to Maysville, while the other brigade will remain in its present position for the present.

