SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. GEN'S. 						OFFICE,Numbers 216. Washington, May 14, 1863

I. Brigadier General C. T. Campbell, U. S. Volunteers, will report to Major General John Pope, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of the Northwest for assignment to duty.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION.

Washington, May 15, 1863

Honorable H. T. BLOW, C. D. DRAKE, and others, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your dispatch of to-day is just received. It is very painful to me that you in Missouri cannot or will not settle your factional quarrel among yourselves. I have been tormented with it beyond endurance for months by both sides. Neither side plays the least respect to my appeals to your reason. I am now compelled to take hold of the case.

A. LINCOLN.

POST, Waynesville, Mo., May 15, 1863

Brigadier General THOMAS A. DAVIES,

Commanding District of Rolla, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have just received the important information, from B. Colwin, one of General Herron's scouts, that they discovered a large camp of upward of 100 bushwhackers, with a great many stolen horses, in the vicinity of Mountain Store, near Hutton Valley, about 80 miles from this place. I intended to telegraph immediately to the commanding officer at Lebanon, and request him to send about 30 men, under command of Lieutenant [David] Hunter, who knows that country well to join my men; but B. Colwin believes that it would be better to postpone an expedition some eight days, in order to lay some traps for them. He will start again on Monday to get all information he possibly can, and will notify us where our forces who will be sent after the bushwhackers, can meet him. But I beg leave to state to you that we have not men enough at this place to send out strong scouting parties, escort the stage and trains, and hold this post; therefore I would suggest to you, if you would send some infantry to hold this post for a short time, our cavalry would be more effective. Infantry would answer all the purpose, especially as forage is scarce in this country; and if you could not send us any from Rolla, would you permit me to call in some of the Enrolled Missouri Militia, in this vicinity, to serve at this post on guard duty, when our men have left?

To deceive the people around here, in order to prevent the bushwhackers getting any information, I have circulated the false report that we would be removed from here in some eight or ten days, and some infantry be put in our place.

I am earnestly determined to break up these camps of bushwhackers and marauders, who have recently committed so much depredation, and I hope you will excuse me if I put you to any trouble, and would respectfully request you to give me your assistance and instructions.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

WALDEMAR FISHER,

Major Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding Post.

