
MEMPHIS, TENN., May 16, 1863-6 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Marmaduke, with 4,000 men, is near Wittsburg or Crowley's Ridge, Ark. Price is reported to have sent 5,000 to Monroe to Kirby Smith, and to have left Little Rock on May 11 to join Marmaduke. They threaten Helena or some other point on the Mississippi. Cavalry in considerable force are gathering at Okolona. Moore's brigade is being mounted. I shall mount infantry from horses captured in Mississippi, and look them up in a few days.

S. A. HURLBUT

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Rolla, Mo., May 16, 1863

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

It is telegraphed here that Brigadier-General Schofield has been assigned to the command of this department. If such is the case, I would respectfully ask to be relieved from duty in this department and ordered somewhere else. I cannot consent to serve under General Schofield, and would prefer to have my resignation accepted than be compelled to do so. Brigadier-Generals Vandever and Orme make the same request.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding Army of the Frontier.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 17, 1863

Major General F. J. HERRON, Rolla, Mo.:

Your dispatch threatening to resign rather than to serve under General Schofield has been received and shown to the President. He directs me to say that the is unaware of any valid objection to General Schofield, he having recently commanded the Department of the Missouri, giving almost universal satisfaction so far as the President ever hear. He directs me to add that he has appreciated the services of General Herron and rewarded them by rapid promotions, but that, even in him, insubordination will be met as insubordination, and that your resignation will be acted upon as circumstances may require whenever it is tendered.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY

Washington, May 17, 1863

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 13th is just received. The gunboat flotilla has been requested to operate up the Arkansas River as early as possible, and General Grant will assist the moment his troops can be spared for that purpose. I think you overestimate the rebel force in Arkansas. Accounts received from other sources give Marmaduke only 4,000 or 5,000. Price has sent 5,000 men to Monroe, to re-enforce Kirby

