
Smith, who is marching against General Banks by Alexandria. It is not possible that Price can have 11,000 men at Little Rock; moreover, rebel accounts admit that he is very deficient in arms and munitions. I can only repeat the opinion so often expressed, that a force moving from the Mississippi River into the interior of Arkansas will prevent any attempt to invade Missouri. I regret that I have no control of the gunboat flotilla.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

OFFICE NEOSHO INDIAN AGENCY,

Fort Scott, Kans., May 17, 1863

Major General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Leavenworth, Kans:

DEAR GENERAL: I have often written you on matters appertaining to mutual and the public interest, without making any apparent impression on your mid. I feel prompted, from the deep regard I feel for people living on the Osage Reservation and along the northern boundary, to say ta raids are constantly being made into that country by small bandits for the purpose of plunder, and I am informed that official in formation has been conveyed to you (which you are bound to respect) that the Osages are in collusion with these rebel bands. This I utterly deny, and the achievement of the 15 clearly proves their loyalty and good feeling. I write for the purpose of suggesting the propriety of organizing one company of Osages, under one of the captains of Osage companies who are not now on duty, and who have not been mustered out, and detail them on duty in this country, to report to and be under command of Captain Doudna. They know that country, and will, in my opinion, protect it against all invasion, for which they should be paid. This, it seems to me, can be done under the old organization.

On the 15th, they met a party of robbers on the Verdigris. After the proper inquiries, and receiving no satisfaction from them, they attacked them, and killed the entire party (19 in number), leaving no one to tell the tale. They cut off their heads, over which they held a "war dance." Two Osages were killed.

If this suggestion should meet you view of the exigencies pending, I should, with pleasure, render any assistance in my power. They are in high glee, and have been furnished with plenty of ammunition. They are anxious to be thus organized and act for their mutual protection.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

P. P. ELDER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,

Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 17, 1863

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Dept. of the Missouri Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: We have circumstantial intelligence that a rebel force from Texas is moving toward this Territory, with a view to its conquest, and to the conquest of the Territory of Arizona as well. I have spies and scouts out to ascertain the strength of the enemy, which is reported as being twice as strong as all the force within this department. These reports are doubtless greatly exaggerated, but I deem it prudent to ask

