
you to give orders that all the available force in Colorado Territory be held in readiness to march to New Mexico at a day's notice. I have rumors that a force of rebels with five pieces of artillery is on the plains southeastwardly from this city. If so, it is doubtless some marauding force sent out to depredate on the trains, public and private, which will be coming to New Mexico from Missouri during the next four months. I have applied to the War Department for a regiment, say twelve companies of cavalry, to be stationed-four companies at old Fort Atkinson, four at the Lower Cimarron Springs, and four at or near Cold Spring. The property at stake is very large, and the stores destined for this remote department are vital to the existence of the troops. I have no troops that I can put upon that road, and must leave its protection to yourself.

Inclosed please find the copy of a letter from the Headquarters of the Army, authorizing me to call upon you for help in case of actual danger.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 17, 1863

Major-General POPE, Milwaukee, Wis.:

General Roberts will be sent to report to you as soon as General Schenck can relieve him, probably in a few days. General Sully has probably joined you by this time. I think he had better take General Cook's place, on the Upper Missouri. It is urged that column should move on the west side of the river, so as to cover Nebraska and the Overland Stage and Telegraph Route. Of course, it should operate where it can give the most protection. In these movements you will not be restricted by department lines.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT IOWA INFANTRY,New Madrid, Mo., May 18, 1863

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: A large amount of contraband goods are carried back from Commerce, Lane's Landing, and other points between Cape Girardeau and this post, through the swamp to the rebels. I have captured in this swamp during the last week 49 barrels of whisky, some quinine, morphine, &amp;c. the whisky was destroyed, except 3 barrels given to guides. The smugglers I send to Saint Louis for trial. We have destroyed over 100 barrels of whisky on its way to the rebels through this swamp, in dug-outs, ferry-boats, &c., during last month and this, and a large amount has gone through. No shipment should be allowed to other than military posts below Cape Girardeau.

Rebel deserters report conscripting going on throughout Arkansas, the rebels preparing for an advance into this State. They have collected supplies at Powhatan. Arkansas is represented as being almost destitute of provisions, and their army poorly supplied.

