
The German Texas troops, Walker's division, disaffected to the rebel cause. Raids into this State for horses and supplies, in advance of Price, should he move, may be expected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. HUGHES,

Colonel, Commanding.

MILWAUKEE, May 18, 1863

General HALLECK:

General Sully arrived, but health not strong enough for active campaign. I had designed to send Roberts or Elliott in charge of expedition from Missouri River. Shall send Roberts at once, if he can be got here in time. In consequence of delays or embarrassments, only part of Nebraska cavalry reported and they in bad condition. Sent you report by mail. General Cook has only about 1,600 men for expedition; I have no more. I would be glad to have Roberts at once, if he can be sent. Some officer of experience and activity should command the expedition from Fort Randall. Would be glad to know if he can come, so as to decide on the subject. I leave for Minnesota on the 23rd.

JNO. POPE.

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 19, 1863

Major-General POPE, Milwaukee, Wis.:

Orders to General Roberts issued two days ago. General Schenck has probably relieved him by this time. I think you will do wrong to send Roberts in charge of the Missouri expedition. Sully is the man for that place. On seeing your telegram, the Secretary directed me to say to you that Roberts should not be assigned as you propose.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MILWAUKEE, May 19, 1863

Major-General HALLECK:

I had no sort of wish to send Roberts in command of Indian expedition, except that I thought it would be best for the service. As you desire, I have sent Sully. I hope the War Department is assured that I have no object, except to do the best I can with the means at my command.

JNO. POPE.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., May 19, 1863

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit inclosed copy of dispatch from General Sibley, which reiterates views and opinions I have already laid before the Government. This dispatch is submitted only for the purpose of again inviting the attention of the President to this subject.

