
I understand that the authorities of the Hudson Bay Company in the region concerned are more than willing that our troops should pursue their operations against the hostile Sioux anywhere within the British possessions, and I submit this telegram of General Sibley in the hope that the necessary authority may be obtained from the English Government through its minister in Washington. The people of this region of British America are quite as much interested as ourselves to keep the wild Indians in subjection, but they have neither the military force Indians, either in regard to themselves or to us. Unless, therefore, authority can be obtained to pursue the hostile Sioux wherever they may seek refuge north of our boundary, it is nearly certain that the Indian campaign will be fruitless of results. The subject is worthy of the serious attention of the Government, and I submit it accordingly.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Saint Paul, May 19, 1863-2 p.m.

Major-General POPE:

Reliable dispatches from Pembina, of 6th instant, state that Little Crow and others, leaders in the massacres of last year, are seeking to obtain land within the British territory. Unless permission can be procured to pursue the Indians across the line, the main object of the expedition may be frustrated.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJT. General 'S 						OFFICE,Numbers 224. Washington, May 19, 1863

* * * *

II. Brigadier General Benjamin S. Roberts, U. S. Volunteers, will report, in person, to Major General John Pope, commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis., as soon as he is relieved from duty in the Middle Department.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER,

Kansas City, Mo., May 21, 1863

Major General JAMES G. BLUNT,

Commanding District of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

GENERAL: I take the opportunity offered by the visit of Captains [John J.] Sears and [D. M.] Jarboe to your headquarters to furnish you

19 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

