
Colonel Crittenden, at Elkhorn, will be directed to give you and the brigade commander at Mudtown any information he may get of the rebel movements.

The above-mentioned dispositions should be made immediately.

Let Colonel Phillips' supply train, under Colonel Lynde's charge, accompany the brigade, and remain with it until the danger,if any, is past.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Houston, Mo., January 9, 1863.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

MAJOR: The telegram of the general commanding was received late last night; apprising me of the approach of a force toward Springfield. I immediately took my supply train (40 wagons) and ordered 500 infantry, with 200 cavalry and a section of artillery, to proceed with all dispatch to report to General Brown. They were transported, all of the foot soldiers, and by this time are at Hartville, and will be in Springfield early Sunday morning. The condition of my health would not permit me to go in command. Three hundred of my cavalry were out in scouting parties and guarding trains, and the remainder are not mounted.

This evening an Arkansas refugee came in from Izard County, and reports that Burbridge crossed Eleven Point River Saturday last with 1,700 men, all mounted, and passed through Salem to the west. The men said they were going to attack Houston; but this, it seems, was a blind to their real movement toward Ozark and Springfield. They had no artillery. He reports that his (Burbridge's) infantry and artillery had crossed White River at Batesville, and were pushing toward Little Rock. My belief is that it is this force which is reported to be 6,000, and that the purpose of it is an attack on trains, rather than upon any post.

Captain [John H.] Reed, Third Missouri Cavalry, came in to-night from a reconnaissance to Van Buren. He reports the country hard and forage very scarce, with a bad condition of roads.

I have not given you accounts of the capture of stock and encounters with small parties of rebles, as I supposed them of small consequence.

I am, major, very truly, your obedient servant,

FITZ HENRY WARREN,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 4. Saint Louis, Mo., January 9, 1863.

Pursuant to authority of the Secretary of War, the Enrolled Missouri Militia will be entitled to draw forage and subsistence and to be furnished transportation, when in actual service, upon requisition properly approved by the United States officer commanding the district in which they may be serving. But such militia will in no case be considered in actual service except when called out by the Governor of the State or a commander of a district, and only while they are retained in service by such commander.

By commander of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

