
structions have been most carefully considered before publication. Nevertheless, they are very imperfect, and as Missouri is peculiarly situated, many questions may arise which are not here alluded to. I can only advise you, in regard to such matters, to consult the best authorities, and to act with deliberation and [coolness?] upon each separate question as it arises. A hasty and inconsiderate decision often leads to serious difficulties and embarrassment. On such matters I will give you all the assistance which time and opportunity will permit. In referring these questions to these headquarters,you will take into consideration that I have very little time to devote to a single military department, and more particularly to an individual case.

In conclusion, general, I desire to assure you that in the high and responsible position and duties to which you are assigned you will have all the support assistance and co-operation which can be given you from these headquarters. You owe your present appointment entirely to the choice of the President himself. I have not, directly or indirectly, interfered in the matter; but I fully concur in the choice, and will give you all possible support and assistance in the performance of the arduous duties imposed upon you.

You have just left General Rosecrans, and know his want of cavalry. If you can assist him in this matter, I desire you will do so without delay. If you can raise any troops in Northern Missouri, Kansas, Nebraska, or Colorado to guard emigrant trains, report by telegraph.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Numbers 41. Saint Louis, Mo., May 24, 1863

Pursuant to orders from the War Department of the 12th instant, the undersigned relinquishes the command of this department to Major-General Schofield.

In separating from troops with whom he has served so long and shared so much of privation, toil, and danger, he avails himself of the occasion to express his feelings of friendship and affection for his comrades in arms.

To the officers and soldiers of the Army of the Southwest of the Army of the Frontier, and of the Army of Southeastern Missouri, and the illustrious generals who have led them, he tenders his grateful acknowledgments. Your long and weary marches are marked by victorious battle-fields that will perpetuate your memory.

The general also tenders his thanks to the commanders of districts, his staff officers, and the provost-marshals and troops that have stood watch and ward throughout the country, remote and near, during the eight months of his department command, for the prudence, wisdom, and fidelity they have displayed, securing general success and safety throughout the States and Territories embraced in this command.

Soldiers of the Department of the Missouri! Continue to display your loyalty and valor in the service of your country; show to your new commander that you deserve the honors you have won, and to the world your devotion to civil and religious liberty.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

