
DENVER, COLO., May 27,

Via Saint Louis, May 30, 1863

[General SCHOFIELD:]

I sent a special messenger to Washington in reference to Indian difficulties, and should have an answer soon. Indians have given notice we must fight or leave. Have just had report of a big secret conference between Sioux, Arapahoes, and Cheyennes, about 100 miles north. May want our forces strengthened in a few days. Colonel Chivington has everything in good shape, and understands the situation well. I have confidence in a favorable issue. All quiet at present. Will keep you posted. Forward copy to Secretary of War.

JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., May 27, 1863

Major-General HALLECK, Washington:

Expedition under Sibley leaves Upper Minnesota, June 12. Will be a delay on Upper Missouri on account of low stage of water. Indians still in camp at Devil's Lake, but not in very considerable force. Only fear is that they will take refuge in British possessions. Difficulties on account of enrollment for conscription take me back immediately to Iowa and Wisconsin. By prudence I hope they may be avoided.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., May 28, 1863

[Lieutenant] Colonel C. W. MARSH,

A. A. G., Missouri State Militia, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: Herewith I have the honor to transmit a copy of a report just received from Major Mullins, of the First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding at Germantown. The report is sent for the information of the general commanding, as showing the condition of affairs in the Southwest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. LOAN,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.

[Inclosure.]

GERMANTOWN, MO., May 24, 1863

Major JAMES RAINSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jefferson City:

SIR: On the 21st instant I sent out a scout from Companies F and G, numbering 30, with Captain Moore, of Company F, and Lieutenant Groomer, of Company G. The next day they came upon a band of rebels on Monigan or some such creek. Dismounted, unobserved, by the rebels and approached within 75 yards of them, and opened fire. Without returning the fire, the rebels sought safety by running. The creek being between the two parties, it became necessary for our men to remount, in order to pursue, and by the time they were over the creek

