
the rebels were out of sight. One little boy, who was with the rebels, remained on the ground. Captain Moore brought him into camp. In the melee our men capture 20 horses and some number of saddles bridles, &amp;c. 2 Mississippi rifles, 1 carbine, and 1 double-barrel shot-gun, and a number of saddle-bags, a variety of clothing,&c. There were only 22 of the rebels; hence they only got away with 2 horses. From the trails of blood, several were wounded, and could have been easily followed had not, unfortunately, a heavy rain come on just at the time, and also night. These two difficulties baffled all farther successful pursuit, and the captain gave up the chase for the night. Yesterday, the 23rd, another scout I sent into the same neighborhood, found a horse, saddled very much besmeared with blood. The horse belonged to an Enrolled Militia man, and was stolen only a few days before by the bushwhackers. My command yesterday shot and killed a very bad bushwacker. I learn he was guilty of all manner of crimes, stealing, robbing and bushwhacking, and last, but not least, rape upon the wife of a loyal man belonging to the Enrolled Missouri Militia. This property we have captured is here, subject to orders, and now in the custody of a sergeant or acting quartermaster. I have mounted some of my men out of these horses, they giving receipts for them. I can use, perhaps, all of them in this way; and in fact, it is very difficult to keep the men all mounted, and such a thing as buying a cavalry horse is next thing to impossible.

The boy we have here is a captive; is about fourteen years old, but is very small. He represents that he and his brother, who escaped, left Texas about six weeks ago for the purpose of hunting their father. This boy's brother is a year older than the one we have. He says they have been in Texas four or five years, living with their grandfather; that their mother is dead, and that they have not heard from their father for two or three years, not since the war began; that they have some relatives in Kansas and some inn Marion County, Illinois. He says they met with this band of rebels at Pineville and started from there last Monday. He says there were 200 or more rebels at Pineville, and more gathering in daily; that there are rebels now in the State sent up from the south, arranging for forage and subsistence for their army. He says he heard the men that he was with say so. Some of this band formerly resided in Northern Missouri, from the names the boy gives; and a miniature, captured, is the likeness of a young lady residing in Linn County.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. W. MULLINS,

Major First Missouri State Militia Cavalry

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 43. Saint Louis, May 28, 1863

Brigadier General James Totten, Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army, is assigned to duty as inspector-general of this department.

An inspector will be appointed for each corps, division, and brigade in the field, and one for each military district, who will be styled, respectively, corps, division, brigade, and district inspectors.

A corps inspector will be a field officer; a division or district inspector will be a major or captain, and a brigade inspector will be a captain or lieutenant.

