
The inspectors will be appointed by the department commander, upon the recommendation of the corps, division, brigade, or district commanders.

Inspectors will be selected for their high qualities as officers, and for the faithful and fearless discharge of their duties. The appointment will be considered a high mark of distinction and confidence of the commander. They are expected to discharge their duties rigidly, and without partiality, favor, or affection.

Printed instructions and forms will be furnished from the inspector general's office.

Commanders will make nominations of suitable officers for inspectors of their commands with as little delay as practicable.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 29, 1863

Major-General BLUNT:

Coffee is moving north through the western counties of Missouri, to co-operate with Livingston. Colonel Cloud is in pursuit. Look out for him.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. STATE OF MO., ADJT. General 'S 					OFFICE,

Numbers 17. Saint Louis, May 29, 1863

The command of the Enrolled Militia, now in actual service within the State, including the provisional regiments, is conferred upon Major General John M. Schofield, commanding the Department of the Missouri.

By order of the commander-in-chief:

ALEXANDER LOWRY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 30, 1863

Major-General BLUNT, Leavenworth:

Maintain Colonel Phillips' present line, if possible. I should think the troops you propose to send would be sufficient. I have made no change in the location of the Second Kansas or Colonel Harrison's command thus far.

It will be difficult to support Fayetteville and Fort Gibson until we get possession of the Arkansas River. Can you spare any more troops from the northern part of Kansas? I propose to move some of General Loan's troops into the western counties of Missouri, and transfer those counties to his district. This may relieve you somewhat. Are there any objections to such change?

I will see what can be done about horse equipments, and let you know as soon as possible.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

