HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., May 30, 1863

Major C. W. BLAIR,

Commanding Post, Fort Scott:

MAJOR: I am just informed, by telegraph from headquarters at Saint Louis, that Coffee is moving north through the western tier of counties, to re-enforce Livingston, and that Colonel Cloud is looking after him. You will be required to be vigilant, and watch well the county south of you. If Cloud is west of Springfield, keep open communication with him, and co-operate with him with such force as you may have, if it is necessary, to repel any threatened attack. Guerrillas are very numerous and troublesome between Kansas City and Fort Scott. Advices from Fort Larned, which I deem quite reliable, state that large forces of Texans and Indians, with artillery, are approaching from Red River toward the Santa Fe road, which is poorly protected. I am greatly embarrassed for want of troops, yet everything must be done that is possible to maintain our present lines until troops can be procured. If Phillips should be compelled to fall back, it would be fatal in the extreme to our cause in the Indian country. With our present limited force, it will require great effort to keep open his line of communication for supplies. Six companies of the Second Colorado Infantry will be at Fort Scott in a few days. I have directed the Thirteenth Kansas to camp southeast of Fort Scott, on Drywood. They will serve as an outpost.

The new companies of the Sixth Kansas must be armed with such arms as there are in the ordnance department, and made available for duty. If they cannot get their horses immediately, they must serve on foot. You are authorized to furnish arms, ammunition, and rations to such of the Osage Indians, as tender their services to sustain our cause but they should be under the control of competent and trustworthy men.

Keep me promptly advised of all information you may receive of movements below.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans., May 30, 1863

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Indian Brigade:

COLONEL: Yours of the 22nd, giving account of engagement on the 20th near Fort Gibson, is received, and I congratulate you upon your success in defeating the enemy and maintaining your position against great odds. I am greatly embarrassed in all parts of my district in not having sufficient troops. Guerrillas on the border between Kansas City and Fort Scott are multiplying daily, and are very annoying, and I just learn from Fort Larned that a force of Texans and rebel Indians, with artillery, are approaching the Santa Fe road from Red River. The line below Fort Scott has to be strongly guarded, and our forces at every point are inadequate for the work they are required to do; yet I shall make use of the little means at my command to maintain my lines, hoping that I will soon be able to procure help. I shall do all in my power to support you in your present position. Knowing full well the disastrous consequences that would follow the abandonment of the Indian country, I trust that the colored regiment (Colonel Williams) has

