
SAINT LOUIS, MO., January 10, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The enemy cut wires. Last accounts our men held forts at Springfield, but rebels were in the town, and have come toward Lebanon Wires cut this side of Lebanon.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, January 10, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I understand there is considerable trouble with the slaves in Missouri. Please do your best to keep peace on the question for two or three weeks, by which time we hope to do something here toward settling the question in Missouri.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Fayetteville, via Huntsville, January 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General HERRON,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: I have just received information that General Brown's troops whipped Marmaduke on the 8th, at or near Springfield. General Brown is wounded. The enemy has gone east, and will probably make his way south, on the east side of White River. Possibly you may cut him off in his attempt to cross the river to this side, or, by crossing your own cavalry, succeed in intercepting him. You may go to any extent which circumstances seem to justify.

Your supply trains started from this place this morning.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

FAYETTEVILLE, January 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General BROWN, Springfield, Mo.:

I have sent Colonel Clond's brigade to Keytesville, and am moving my remaining force eastward, via Hunstville and Carrollton, to intercept the rebel cavalry which you inform me is in Missouri, and to meet a stronger force, which I suspect is moving up White River. I believe your force is quite sufficient to hold Springfield against the force now threatening it, but Colonel Cloud will march to your assistance, if necessary. Please inform him at once what is the condition of affairs.

In haste,

SCHOFIELD.

JANUARY 10, 1863.

General DAVIDSON:

Warren sent a small force toward Springfield from Houston, which he expected would reach Springfield to-morrow morning. I fear it was

