HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, June 1, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I would like very much to have the troops in this department organized into an army corps. I believe it is the only department in which there is no such organization. I do not desire to press the matter, but simply ask your attention to it. I wish to reorganize the command now known as the Army of the Frontier, which has become much too small for a corps, but too large for a single division. It would relieve me from some embarrassment if all the troops in my command were organized into a corps and recognized as such. Will you please inform me soon whether this can be done, and greatly oblige, yours, very truly,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 1, 1863.

Major-General BLUNT, Leavenworth:

I will have General Loan send his best troops into the border counties. There is some foundation for what you say about the Enrolled Militia. I intend to weed them out, and use them in some of the interior counties.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo., June 1, 1863.

SIR: Having recently been on a tour through the southern part of this Territory and district, I have the honor to report that the guerrillas which a few weeks ago infested that portion of the district are entirely cleared out. The largest number have most likely gone via the Red River route into Texas.

The Indians, I find, are somewhat more restive than usual, but I think they may be gotten along with without fighting, by a firm and prudent course on our part. Yet I am not without fear that there may be outbreak among them, and, in view of this condition of things, I have stationed at Fort Lyon, 240 miles from this city, and which is the southeastern key to this Territory, two companies of cavalry, one section of the Ninth Battery Wisconsin Volunteers, and one company of infantry; at Fort Garland, 240 miles from this city, on the Rio Grande del Norte, two companies of cavalry; at Pueblo City, on the Arkansas River, 140 miles above Fort Lyon and 100 miles from this city, I have one company of cavalry. One company of cavalry is for the present stationed at Canon City, 60 miles above Pueblo City, on the Arkansas River. I have one company of cavalry stationed at Camp Collins, 65 miles north of this city, on the Overland Stage Route. One company of cavalry is stationed on the Platte River, 70 miles below this city. Besides these companies, I have a detachment of 40 cavalry in the South Park, scouting. The balance of the troops in this district are stationed at Camp Weld, near this city. They consist of the First Colorado Battery, as yet unarmed, except four small howitzers; one section

