
of the Ninth Battery Wisconsin Volunteers, and parts of four companies of cavalry.

An agency for the Ute Indians is to be established in the Middle Park this month, and there will have to be at least one company stationed there, to keep down the growing hostility of the Indians to our people.

The forces in this district have not been idle of late. Bands of guerrillas broke out simultaneously in all parts of this district, and we put such a force on their track that we made short work of it, and they are all killed, captured, or dispersed. Two additional companies of cavalry will be here soon, as escort for the Ute chiefs from the Missouri River. I deem the forces in this district all sufficient to take care of all the enemies of the Government, white or red; but, should it be materially weakened, I seriously apprehend there would be trouble with both white and red. I have been notified by General Carleton, commanding Department of New Mexico, that he has made a requisition for all our troops to come to New Mexico. I hope that our people will not be left to the uncovenanted mercy of the most virulent Copperheads and treacherous Indians, thousands of whom are right her in our midst.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Colorado Cavalry Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, June 1, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to report, for the information of the General-in-Chief, that the threatened difficulties in this place on account of the enrollment for conscription, which prompted my return from Saint Paul, have been satisfactorily arranged, and I am satisfied that the enrollment in this State will be made without trouble. I was called on whilst on my way to Saint Paul, by dispatches from this place and from Madison, for several companies of troops to be sent to Milwaukee, to enforce the enrollment, and I was very unwilling that the military should be brought into collision with either the civil authorities or the people. I thought it best to return at once, and, if possible, settle the matter without resort to military force. It was done satisfactorily. I am altogether satisfied that with ordinary prudence the enrollment can be made throughout this department without any sort of resistance or difficulty; but I fear that in some cases the assistant provost-marshals for districts have not been the best that could have been selected. Some of them are rash, imprudent men, whose zeal outruns all discretion, and who, acted upon by extreme men, who rather desire to stir up a riot, in order to rid themselves of offensive opponents, may probably get the authorities into difficulty. I shall, as far as the military are concerned, endeavor to prevent this, and so far I have been successful. I shall go down to Iowa day after to-morrow.

In reply to the letter of the General-in-Chief, dated May 21, I have to state that his remarks concerning the troubles likely to be made between the civil and military authorities in the State by imprudent district commanders had engaged my attention when I first reached here, and I therefore desired to get officers of judgment and discretion for that service; I wished to place them in command of districts to avoid these very disturbances which had arisen from the unwise and

