
utterly useless action of provost-marshals appointed long since, and which had involved detachments of soldiers recruiting, in hospitals, and otherwise on duty. Much unnecessary disturbance of this kind had been made in Iowa, and whilst, perhaps, it was in some cases unavoidable in the northern counties of Iowa, I am convinced that in other localities it was quite unnecessary. I desired to have brigadier-generals to command such districts in order that such matters might be controlled. You need not apprehend any such extraordinary performances in this department as have characterized some others. There is no sort of occasion for any collision between the civil and military authorities in this department, nor any trouble or even business between the military and the people. I have no doubt, so far as the military authorities are concerned, everything will remain quiet in this department, and on that question I desire to know precisely how far I am expected to supply the requisitions or applications for military force from the provost-marshals. Am I to furnish military aid on their application, or am I to exercise my own discretion on the subject? No instructions have been received defining the relations between the military and the provost-marshals' departments.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, June 1, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, for the information of the General-in-Chief, that the following plan of operations for the summer campaign against the Indians has been made, and will be carried out as fully and expeditiously as practicable. The hostile Sioux are encamped at Devil's Lake and on the upper waters of the James River (Riviere au Jacques). There are a number of bands, some of them from the Upper Missouri. It is believed that there is great dissatisfaction amongst them, and very great difference of opinion, both as to the policy of making war at all and as to the manner and place of carrying it on. It is very doubtful whether any sort of understanding will be arrived at between the various bands. General Sibley marches from the Upper Minnesota (above Fort Ridgley), with 2,000 infantry and 800 cavalry and the necessary batteries of mountain howitzers. He carries supplies for upward of three months. He will march nearly direct upon Devil's Lake, sending detachments by way of Red River. He leaves behind him about 3,000 men, under a competent officer, for the protection of the frontier against moving bands during his absence. These troops are established at various points, from north to south, along the whole line of outer settlements, and are certainly more than sufficient, even if the whole of the Indians should disperse themselves for such desultory warfare. It is probable that you may be annoyed with complaints of insufficient forces being left for the defense of frontier settlements; such complaints are sometimes really dictated by fear, but in many cases by very different motives. In all events, you will understand that 3,000 men are thus left, and I am sure no reasonable people could ask more. I do not myself believe that one-half this force is needed for such a purpose, but I have left them in order that the timid, spiritless popu-

