
remain in active service as long as the department commander shall require them. This should enable you to send troops down the river.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 3, 1863--3 p. m.

(Received 7 p. m.)

General H. W. HALLECK, Washington:

I have concluded to send eight regiments and three batteries; the last will be off to-morrow. This leaves me very weak, but I will risk it, in view of the vast importance of Grant's success.

J. M. SCHOFIELD.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 3, 1863--11.30 p. m.,

(Received June 4, 8.30 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Kirby Smith went to Louisiana some time ago, with a considerable force. Is not this what General Banks refers to? My latest information is that Price has still 10,000 or 12,000 infantry near Little Rock. If satisfied that this force has gone also, I can send more troops down the river. Shall I run the risk of sending them now?

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 4, 1863-10.30 a. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I think you had better send no more at present. The moment General Grant succeeds on the Mississippi, an expedition will be sent up the Arkansas to drive out Price or take him in the rear. Banks thinks that most of Price's forces have been drawn south.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH DIV., THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Helena, June 4, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: From the best information we can gather at this post touching the whereabouts, number, and designs of the wandering Confederates and marauders who have for many months been beaten and banged about the borders of Missouri and Arkansas, we judge they are about to mass their strength, less than 10,000, all told, at such point as will be convenient for them to strike for either the Missouri or Mississippi River.

Flags of truce parties have just returned, one from Little Rock and another from Hughes' Ferry, on the L'Anguille, near to the headquarters of Marmaduke. Price has been restive, impatient, and disconsolate under the restraint placed upon him by Lieutenant-General Holmes, commandant, of the Trans-Mississippi Department. General Holmes has thought it best for all hands to wait the results at Vicksburg. After Grant shall have been destroyed by Pemberton, then Price's old command, his Missouri veterans, were to be transferred to this department,

