
too small, and has fallen into rebel hands, as they say there were 1,500 rebels at Sand Spring, this side of Springfield, this morning. The telegraph line is cut between Lebanon and Waynesville, so we are only receiving dispatches from Waynesville. Last night I ordered Warren to fall back on Rolla, if, as I thought, he could learn the enemy is coming toward Rolla. Your feelers will give you word, and, if you move, I hope you will move pretty strong. They report the enemy 5,000 or 6,000, but, I do not believe, a large army could have moved so fast. Your outfit should be light, of course. General Herron started east with two divisions on the 6th. He has now had five days' march. He must soon begin to group the rebels some way, most likely toward you. Keep me advised, and be ready for pursuit if they come within striking distance.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

JANUARY 10, 1863.

Governor GAMBLE:

Rebels have advanced this side of Springfield, threatening Lebanon; but at last accounts we held forts at Springfield.

Will you have Enrolled Militia called out in vicinity of Rolla, and near railroads?

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FISK'S BRIGADE, U. S. VOLUNTEERS,Steamer Ruth, Memphis, Saturday morning, January 10, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: Arrived here last evening. General Grant arrived here from Holly Springs this morning. Have just had a long conference with him. He is now preparing dispatches for me to bear to General Sherman. We are very much in the woods as to definite information touching movements down the river. General Grant will immediately add to the Vicksburg column all the force that can be safely withdrawn from his department. The march southward from his department. The march southward, via Grenada, will be abandoned, and all the forces concentrated against the enemy on the river.

General McClernand is to command the down stream force. This arrangement causes much bitterness among us generals, who are all ambitious of doing brave deeds in opening the Mississippi. I am quite discouraged. General, I wish you would put on your war harness again and come down this way to help us out. Harmony of action and hearty co-operation on the part of our double stars must be produced in some way. I have made up my mind to obey all orders without a whimper; go where I am sent, if I can get there, and fight as well as I know how. I will cheerfully work in any harness, single or double, breast collar or harness. May the good Lord deliver me from falling into the great maelstrom of fault-finding and criticism of every other man or officer. I have been hammering knuckles all the way down; have requested several shoulder-straps to become better advised before they undertook to balance your accounts. I am after the rascals.

I remain, general, yours, respectfully, obediently, and faithfully,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

