
ment and information, between 5,000 and 6,000 men. They report that they have sent for re-enforcements, and they pretend to tell their secesh friends that Marmaduke's forces are coming round, which, when added to what they have massed of Steele's, Cabell's, Cooper's, and Crump's (Texans), will make about all they can scrape up in Arkansas or the Indian Nation. Such a force would not only coop me up within my works, but give me a severe siege, but I am not discouraged. I hope, however, my re-enforcements will reach me before anything of the kind occurs.

The most remarkable event was a cavalry raid across the Arkansas River at Greenleaf, 16 miles below. They crossed in the night, in heavy force, and went to Park Hill and Tahlequah. There they divided, one part swinging round to Evansville, and some 400 or 500, with Colonel Watie, going to Maysville. The condition of my stock would not warrant my following either party, but I have small scout and spies watching here, and if they come within 50 miles, on their return, will try and take them. I immediately, on bearing of this raid (which I did immediately from my scouts), sent a warning to Colonel Williams, fearing that the whole column, with what Livingston, Harrison, and others have about Maysville and Southeast Missouri, might mass on him. If he is on the way down he is safe, as the half of the column that went up will be at Maysville to-night.

I earnestly desire, as soon as the re-enforcements you have promised me arrive, to break up the enemy in front of me, which will open the gates to the Creek Nation and prevent them from harassing my line with any force of consequence. Substantially, I have had a siege, although out, and striking whenever they venture within striking range on this side of the river.

I apprehend that the extreme tenacity with which the rebels contest this point is due to the double fear that my advance south of the river would leave us the whole Indian Nation, and at the same time menace their overland line of supply for the whole Confederacy, which largely comes from Mexico. At all events, they seem bent on getting me out of here. My fortifications, though not finished, are in good order for defense.

I am, with respect,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAV. Brigadier, 2nd DIV., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp Herron, Mo., June 6, 1863.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding District of Saint Louis:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions from Brigadier-General Vandever, I have assumed command of the cavalry belonging to the Second Division, Army of the Frontier.

I have the honor to inclose returns* of the cavalry under my command, including one section Peoria Light Artillery.

The Second Battalion Sixth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers have been sent to the river with the infantry, to escort back the train to this post.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. WICKERSHAM,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Second Division.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

