HDQRS. CAV. Brigadier, 2nd DIV., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Pilot Knob, June 7, 1863.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding District of Saint Louis:

SIR: I have the honor to state that on yesterday I received conflicting orders from you and from department headquarters.

I have under my command the First, Third, Sixth, and Seventh Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, Tenth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry, and one section Peoria Light Artillery.

I would respectfully ask that the name or title of my command and the troops composing it may be definitely ordered, to prevent future misapprehensions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. WICKERSHAM,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 47. Saint Louis, June 7, 1863.

I. Authority having been given by the War Department to furnish clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and medical supplies to the Enrolled Missouri Militia in continuous active service, under the command of the commanding general of the department, requisitions will be made in due from by the proper officers for such of the above-named supplies as are required by the eight provisional regiments now in service. These requisitions will be based upon the number of men now actually in service, and will bear the certificate of the regimental commander to their correctness, and be approved by the commander of the district in which they are serving. The requisitions, so certified to and approved, will be forwarded to these headquarters without delay.

Officers of the Enrolled Militia desiring to draw subsistence for their men must certify upon their provision returns that the troops returned for are in actual service, and that all the men returned for are actually present for duty.

The United States officers in command of each district will inform the commissaries in their districts of the regiments and companies of Enrolled Militia that are in service, the number of men for duty, and to whom they may issue rations, without referring the returns to the district commander. Commissaries will report to the chief commissary of the department any officers whom they have reason to believe return for more men than are actually in service and present for duty at the time the return is made.

Regimental quartermasters should draw the subsistence for their regiments upon consolidated provision returns, and distribute them to their companies.

II. Major J. A. Campbell, assistant adjutant-general volunteers, having reported for duty, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 228, Paragraph II, current series, from Headquarters of the Army, is hereby assigned to duty at these headquarters, to date from 4th instant.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

