
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 48. Saint Louis, June 9, 1863.

I. The Indian Territory, the State of Kansas south of the 38th parallel, the western tier of counties of Missouri south of the same parallel, and the western tier of counties of Arkansas will constitute the District of the Frontier, and will be commanded by Major General James G. Blunt; headquarters at Fort Scott, or in the field.

The State of Kansas north of the 38th parallel, and the two western tiers of counties of Missouri north of the same parallel and south of the Missouri River will constitute the District of the Border, and will be commanded by Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr.; headquarters at Kansas City.

Brigadier General E. B. Brown will relieve Brigadier General Ben. Loan in command of the District of Central Missouri.

Major L. C. Easton, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, is assigned to duty as chief quartermaster of the Districts of Nebraska, of Colorado, of the Border, and of the Frontier.

II. Lieutenant Colonel J. O. Broadhead, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, is appointed provost-marshal-general of the Department of the Missouri.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 21. Milwaukee, Wis., June 9, 1863.

Surg. T. M. Getty, U. S. Army, having reported for duty at these headquarters, is announced as medical director for this department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Pope:

R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 10, 1863.

Major-General BLUNT, Fort Leavenworth:

It is impossible to send you any considerable re-enforcements. A large part of my force has been sent to Vicksburg. If Phillips cannot maintain his present line without too great risk, he must fall back. I will have plenty of troops for aggressive movements as soon as Vicksburg is taken; until that time we are compelled to act defensively. In view of the importance of operations in the southwest, I have decided to remove your headquarters to Fort Scott, or in the field, and have made some change in district organization. The order will reach you in a few days. It may be well for you to go to the front soon, so as to decide for yourself what is necessary to be done.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., June 10, 1863.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Commanding District of Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, as I could not succeed in bringing before you the man who was in the lines of Marmaduke, I took

