
his statement circumstantially. He left his lines one week ago last Saturday, at a point immediately below Chalk Bluff. Marmaduke's force consists of Burbridge's, Greene's, and Carter's brigades, and the regiment of Dobbin, 600 strong, made up by the consolidation of the swamp guerrillas. They are on the extreme north of his line, excepting the little guerrilla force of Thompson hovering about Bloomfield and below. The whole force is actively engaged in shoeing horses and fitting up for a move.

There was an additional force of 4,000 drawn from Little Rock, constructing a military road from near Little Rock to Wittsburg, on the Saint Francis. They were making a very good road, bridging streams and corduroying swamps. He did not learn from them their destination. These are all the facts. His deductions are, first, that an immediate movement is contemplated; second, that they intend to operate to seize and hold some point on the river, to obstruct navigation and seize supplies, and, third, that the road is intended for the purpose of bringing up supplies and as a line of retreat. He estimates Marmaduke's force at 6,000 to 8,000, mostly armed; horses pretty good; forage sufficient along and each side of Crowley's Ridge. He does not credit the rumor that Price has moved west, but believes he will co-operate with Marmaduke, with his base at or near Little Rock. He is intelligent, and, I believe, truthful; he has formerly been a captain in Price's army. I give it to you as I got it. I do not doubt the facts as stated. You can judge better than I as to his deductions. I was relieved from duty here too late to leave yesterday; I go to-day.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

IN CADDO CAMP,

Thirty miles from Fort Larned, Kans., June 11, 1863.

Major H. Z. CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

MAJOR: A large body of Comanche Indians have just arrived at the Big Bend of the Arkansas, with 3,000 or 4,000 horses and ponies (so reported), many of them large American horses. These, with the great number of Comanches heretofore on the Arkansas--with the Kiowas, Apaches, Cheyennes, Arapahoes, and Caddoes--fill this part of Kansas full to repletion with Indians, and, if anything should occur to arouse their passions, nothing could save us all from certain destruction, and unless some more troops are sent promptly on to this Santa Fe route, I cannot vouch for its safety one day.

To-day, in coming down the river, I met a great number of teams bound to New Mexico, mostly owned by Mexicans, and about three in every five were loaded with whisky. Is this proper? They have no permits to carry this article-only passes for a number of men to go and return from and to New Mexico. Now, it only requires a spark to set the whole of this country in a blaze. Let a few Indians threaten one of these Mexican trains but with a show, and compel them to give them on canteen of whisky, and fearful, indeed, may be the consequences. There is whisky enough in one train that I met to-day to intoxicate every Indian on the plains. I shall send an express to Captain Rouell, at Council Grove, to stop every train that has liquor until

