
he receives orders from the general on this subject. The train I met to-day I placed in charge of a guard, to keep the Indians from it, and shall hold it and every other one until I receive orders about them, which, I hope, will be without delay.

Please send me all orders in relation to permits to ship goods from the Missouri River over the plains to New Mexico, if there are any. I am greatly in want of a few more troops here. Could I have the two companies of my regiment now in Colorado, and have them mounted, together with the two sections of the Ninth Wisconsin Battery, at Fort Lyon, I should not call for any more troops until the general makes his move into Texas.

Please forward all the men at or near Fort Leavenworth that belong to the Ninth Wisconsin Battery, now there. They are very much wanted with the section at Fort Larned.

Captain [N. L.] Benter marched for Fort Riley on the morning of the 10th, with instructions to move slowly, by the way of Council Grove, so as to be on hand for anything that might occur on the Santa Fe road. I did not feel authorized to keep him, as Captain [H. N. F.] Read had been ordered to Fort Larned.

Lieutenant [George F.] Crocker shot himself, accidentally, yesterday, and will be laid up for weeks. I at once sent a request to Lieutenant-Colonel [S. F.] Tappan to detach an officer from Fort Lyon to this section of the Ninth Wisconsin Battery, there being two sections of that battery at that post.

This is all the paper I have; consequently cannot keep a copy. Please return me a copy for file.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

Colonel Second Regiment Colorado Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S.-Major Colley, the Indian agent for the Upper Arkansas, has just said to me, if the New Mexican trains are allowed to carry whisky to the extent seen to-day, that he very much fears for the consequences, as they will sell, more or less, to the Indians.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 11, 1863.

(Received June 12, 1.33 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

A man just in from Little Rock reports that Price left there a week since with four brigades, of about 1,200 men each, with five days' rations, professing to attack Helena. He had two batteries of four guns each, and intended to join Marmaduke near the Saint Francis. My opinion is that he has gone to Jacksonport to create a diversion of troops from Vicksburg. He has not been heard of near Helena. Kirby Smith sent orders that Price should create a diversion. His force is badly armed. Little Rock is left with one brigade. Supplies and provisions very scarce there. River too low for navigation. Price may be looked for in Southeastern Missouri, in my judgment. Prentiss does not report to me any force near him.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major General.

