
SAINT LOUIS, MO., January 11, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Dispatch received. Hear of no negro troubles. Rebel raid on Springfield some trouble. My forces are coming on them from two directions.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

STATION ELKHORN TAVERN,

January 11, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Springfield, Mo.:

In accordance with orders from General Schofield, I am moving with my brigade to the relief of Springfield. Any communication you wish to make to me of the position of movements of the enemy's will be of great importance. I will leave Keytesville at 4 p.m. this day, and will make your post as soon as possible.

Yours, respectfully,

W. F. CLOUD,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div., Army of the Frontier.
HEADQUARTERS FISK'S BRIGADE,On Steamer Ruth, Helena, Ark., January 11, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I arrived at Helena this morning. Found General Gorman actively engaged organizing an expedition for White River, to co-operate with General McClernand on the Arkansas. I joined in the movement with my command, and am now afloat, waiting the signal gun from Fort Curtis to advise us that all is ready for "way down South in Dixie." Twenty-five steam transports are waiting to bear the precious cargo away to glory and other things.

Vicksburg is "too big a boo" for us yet. While re-enforcements are gathering we will endeavor to settle some small balances in the interior of Arkansas, and hope to give a good report ere long.

General Gorman, without doubt, has freely advised you of his movements, expectations, &amp;c. Being now brigaded and divisioned with and under general officers who are my superiors, my official correspondence with you direct, will, I suppose, for the present terminate.

You will pardon me if occasionally I drop you a line in a private way.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp Curtis, January 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD:

I reached this point, 33 miles from Elm Springs, to-day. Major Ellithorpe's detachment joined me after I went into camp. He reports noth-

---------------

*See Gorman to Curtis, January 10, Series I, Vol. XVII, Part II, p. 552.

---------------

