
eral Steele for duty, and was immediately assigned by him to this command. I trust that my conduct will meet with your approbation. I have seen but little active service, and I should ever reproach myself were I to go through this war without having participated in a general engagement.

I have written to Captain Foster to furnish you with a full report. I would be much pleased if you would send an officer of your staff to examine the books and papers of the office previous to receiving Captain Foster's report.

I take great pleasure in recommending to you Captain Foster as my successor. The captain is a man of property and well connected in Missouri. He acted as quartermaster in the Home Guards; was assistant paymaster under Colonel Smith, paymaster-general of Missouri; afterward served in my office as clerk, and on the organization of my regiment was tendered by me the position of regimental quartermaster, in which capacity he served until promoted and assigned to duty by Major-General Curtis in my office. He is well acquainted with the duties of the office, and, to the best of my knowledge, has ever shown himself an honest and trustworthy officer.

Permit me, general, to return you my sincere thanks for the kind consideration which you have ever shown me, and, with feelings of respect and gratitude, I remain, yours, truly,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, June 15, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Commanding District of the Border:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you the following militia organizations in that portion of Kansas in your military district all supplied with arms and ammunition, to wit: Captain John James, Olathe, Johnson County, 50 men; Captain S. M. Wood, Council Grove, Morris County, 50 men; sheriff of Miami County, 50 men; Captain Henry Weber, Douglas County, 45 men; Captain Bailey, Osage County, 50 men, and Captain P. S. Ferguson, Wyandotte County, 50 men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. LORING,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General BROWN, Jefferson City:

General Ewing reports guerrillas in force threatening Lexington and Independence. If you can spare any force from the western part of your district, send them in that direction.

Inform me when the Fanny Ogden, with the Eleventh Kansas on board, passes up.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

