
JEFFERSON CITY, MO., June 17, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

Four companies of the Fourth Missouri State Militia and one section of artillery moved from Sedalia last evening, at 9 o'clock, for Lexington.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

DENVER, COLO., June 18, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Will move for companies of cavalry immediately in direction to assist General Connor, but fear at this time to weaken my force permanently.

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding District of Colorado.

DENVER CITY, MO., June 18, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

A war council of Sioux, Cheyennes, and Arapahoes to be held between here and Fort Laramie soon. The part of Idaho Territory taken from Nebraska should be in this district, to enable us to protect ourselves and the overland route from here to Salt Lake. Please telegraph order if made to Colonel Chivington.

JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado Territory.

HARRISONVILLE, MO., June 18, 1863.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Kansas City, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: We write these few lines in relation to the condition of things in Cass County, and in behalf of the citizens of the same. At the time Major [T. B.] Biggers, of the Fifth Regiment Missouri State Militia, left this post, he left forty stand of arms, which, with those in the hands of citizens, gives arms to about 100 citizens, for the protection of this post. Many of the citizens of this county have moved to and near this post for protection, and are endeavoring to support their families by farming around and near the post. Their families and all their effects are here. All the county records and papers are here, and it would be an irreparable loss to the county if we should lose our records. The citizens have had to leave their crops to assist in protecting the post; and, as the time is short for working their crops, if they are not soon relieved they will lose the same. From the best information we can get, there is a larger number of Confederates, or bushwhackers, hovering around us and east of us. We don't know at what moment the post may be attacked. We earnestly hope that you can and will relieve us immediately. Please let us her from you at once.

Respectfully,

JAMES ALLEN,

County and Circuit Clerk of Cass County, Missouri.

R. S. JUDY,

Sheriff of Cass County.

