
DEPOT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans., June 18, 1863.

General ROBERT ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: General Blunt, as commander of the District of the Frontier, claims that he has a right to give me orders, on the ground that General Orders, Numbers 48, Department of the Missouri, appoints me chief quartermaster for several districts, including the District of the Frontier. I do not consider he has, as commander of the District of the Frontier, any authority over me either as chief or depot quartermaster; yet he insists that he has the right, and continues giving me orders as the commander of that district. Will you please lay the question before the general commanding the department, and, if he takes the same view of the question as I do, ask him to issue an order forbidding the district commander from giving me orders either as chief or depot quartermaster? It seems to me the military rule would be for the district quartermasters to make their requisitions on me for such funds and property as they may require, and the district commanders can then order whatever they require from their own quartermasters. If I neglect my duty in furnishing the supplies, &amp;c., required by their quartermasters, the district commanders can prefer charges against me.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. C. EASTON,

Major and Chief Quartermaster.

[Indorsements.]

Respectfully referred to Major-General Schofield, commanding Department of the Missouri.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, June 24, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Blunt, with information that the views expressed by Major Easton are correct. He receives orders only from department headquarters and the chief quartermaster of the department.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Scott, Kans., June 30, 1863.

I respectfully submit that if Major Easton is the chief quartermaster of the district which I command, I have the right to order him; if I have not the right to order him, then he is not the chief quartermaster of my district.

Respectfully appealed to the honorable Secretary of War,* and attention invited to General Orders, Numbers 48, Department of the Missouri, herein inclosed and now in force.+

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

---------------

*See also Blunt to Stanton, July 26, p. 398.

+See p. 315.

---------------

