
covered in front by a stone fence parallel to the ravine and at right angles to the lane. It is reported that Flesher's men had their guns strapped in their saddles, and could not disengage them until the rebels had delivered two volleys and charged and thrown them into confusion. I believe the report, for our force was as large as that of the rebels, or nearly so. Captain Flesher says he could not rally the men in the lane, but that he rallied them at the other end (say one fourth of a mile), and drove off the rebels, who retreated eastwardly. Captain Flesher lost 14 killed and 4 wounded. The rebels are not known to have lost but 4 killed and 6 wounded. I immediately on hearing of the firing sent Major (Linn K.] Thacher, with a detachment which had just reached here, in pursuit. He caught up yesterday with a portion of the band in an extremely rugged part of the country, about 8 miles southeast of Westport, where he surprised them, killed 3, captured or recaptured 15 horses and some guns, pistols, &amp;c. Major [Wyllis C.] Ransom and his two companies were on a scout southeast of Independence, and were not available in the pursuit, &c.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., June 19, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have your favor of the 16th instant. There are two infantry companies at Fort Larned, and, as I wrote you day before yesterday, four companies of citizens at as many different points on the Santa Fe road, numbering each about 40 men, and reaching out from Westport 120 miles to Council Grove, near the verge of settlements. These, with two companies at Westport, which escort the mail beyond Olathe, are the forces at present protecting settlements and trade and mails on that road. There is so much of stock, merchandise, and valuable mail on that road, and it is so approachable from the haunts of bushwhackers in Jackson County, that there have been frequent incursions along it, and I think six companies of cavalry are really needed to protect the line to and including Fort Larned. They will also afford, of course, at this end, protection to a traveled section of the border. I think, perhaps, the work might be done with five companies, but six is a safe estimate. If you conclude to put half the Third Wisconsin under my command for that duty, I shall be well satisfied with the selection. I do not ask for it in preference to the Ninth Missouri, but would rather have it than any Missouri regiment I know of which you could probably send me other than the Ninth.

General Blunt did not ask for the half of the Third Wisconsin now at Rolla, and I suppose does not at all need the, if he gets all the Sixth. The whole border, for 30 miles into Kansas, is at present greatly disturbed. The farmers have splendid crops, and a pretty large area, quite as large as usual, in cultivation. It would take little more than the present demonstration of the guerrillas to stampede the whole country. The band which ambuscaded a detachment of the Ninth Kansas near Westport night before last, numbering about 80, was one of at least three gangs of that size in Jackson and Cass Counties, which have grown formidable suddenly on the removal of Penick's men. I am satisfied that, until Governor Carney's new regiment is ready for the

