
field, I should have either the Ninth Missouri or half the Ninth Missouri, and half the Third Wisconsin, or some other full regiment, composed of officers and men who will hunt down the guerrillas without flagging or remorse. I do not think the Fourth Missouri will do for that purpose. I can do all the work in the district with the three cavalry regiments, including guarding the Santa Fe road, but three regiments and a half could be well employed.

I am, very respectfully,

THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. 8TH MIL. DIST. OF MO., ENROLLED MO. MILITIA,Macon City, Mo., June 19, 1863.

Major H. A. GLEIM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sturgeon, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 18th instant, inclosing copy of General Orders, Numbers 47, from the Department of the Missouri, and requiring a complete list of the Enrolled Missouri Militia in active service in this district, which is hereto appended, viz:

First Provisional Regiment, Colonel Joseph B. Douglass, headquarters Mexico, 740 men; Second Provisional Regiment, Colonel Ed. A. Kutzner, headquarters Hannibal, 1,000 men; detachment Sixty-ninth Regiment, Colonel William M. Redding, headquarters La Grange, 140 men; detachment Thirty-fifth Regiment, Captain George W. Cunningham, headquarters Brunswick, 50 men; detachment Forty-fifth Regiment, Colonel William A. Shelton, headquarters Unionville, 30 men; detachment Thirty-seventh Regiment, Colonel C. W. Parker, headquarters Troy, 25 men; detachment Sixty-sixth Regiment, Colonel O. P. Phillips, headquarters Milan, 25 men; detachment Sixty-seventh Regiment, Colonel James G. Kettle, headquarters Danville, 45 men, and detachment Twenty-seventh Regiment, Colonel Benjamin Emmons, jr., headquarters Saint Charles, 125 men.

The 50 men on duty at Brunswick are detailed for First Provisional Regiment, and are held there for the purpose of completing the detail. This regiment will be filled up to the maximum, 966 men. The Second Provisional Regiment is full and now being organized. Whatever surplus of men it may have, when the organization is completed, will be transferred to the First Provisional Regiment. The detachments from the Sixty-ninth, Forty-fifth, Thirty-seventh, Sixty-sixth, and Sixty-seventh were placed upon duty by orders from these headquarters. The detachment from the Twenty-seventh is guarding Perrongere Bridge, and furnishing a provost guard at Saint Charles; were placed on duty by orders direct from headquarters State of Missouri.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. BARTHOLOW,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., June 19, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

SIR: in the absence of Colonel Cloud, I deem it my duty to advise you of the present status of the enemy in the southwest. On the 9th instant, Generals Price, Marmaduke, and Colonel Shelby were at Jacksonport, Ark. Parsons' brigade of infantry was there, and an Arkansas

