
ing in relation to Marmaduke's forces. I have mere rumor that he was near Springfield, and was expected down this way; nothing authentic. I have sent one scout up the Neosho road, by Buffalo Creek-up the Pineville and Rutledge road-and shall put out a patrol to-night in this vicinage. There seems to be a number of bushwhackers in these parts, by report of Major Ellithorpe and Captain Anderson. I have not any formal report from Major Ellithorpe as yet. Captain Anderson, of the Third Indian, with about 80 men, discovered a camp of some of Livingston's men that were preparing winter quarters, numbering between 60 and 70 men, and, being apprised of the captain's approach, drew up in the woods and offered sharp resistance, which lasted about fifteen minutes, and the enemy fled, leaving several dead and a number taken prisoners. We had 1 man killed (a Cherokee); no other seriously hurt. I shall keep a sharp lookout on the way in which Marmaduke may be expected, and shall await your orders.

I remain, yours, very respectfully,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Fayetteville, Ark., January 11, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Maysville, Ark.:

COLONEL: As I informed you during our personal interview on the 8th instant, your brigade has been detached from the First Division, for service in the Indian Nation and on the western border of Arkansas. It is impossible for me to give you very definite instructions for your guidance. Much must be left to you discretion. I desire to give you full powers and leave you free to carry out, as far as practicable, the general policy which I have explained to you, and which may be briefly explained as follows, viz: To occupy, if practicable, the line of the Arkansas River and the Indian Territory northeast of it; to give protection as far as possible to the loyal Indians, and enable them to occupy their homes and prepare for planting crops in the coming spring; to assist the loyal families in furnishing subsistence to each other, by transporting it from places where it can be found to those that are destitute, and supplying food to those who must otherwise suffer from want; to remove to Kansas such families as cannot otherwise be saved from starvation, and to make peace with the rebel Indians when in your judgment it can be done with propriety. The rebel Indians will be permitted to return to their allegiance upon the same terms as are accorded to other rebels. Your force should be held as much concentrated as practicable, to prevent being overpowered, and must be held in readiness to join the army in Arkansas of Missouri whenever your assistance may be needed.

Please keep me informed of all your movements and of the result of your operations. You will draw your supplies from Fort Scott independently of the rest of the army, for which purpose a train has been placed at your disposal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

3 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

