
time it shall be permitted by the State to exist within it, has been received. Desirous as I am that emancipation shall be adopted by Missouri, and believing as I do that gradual can be made better than immediate for both black and white, except when military necessity changes the case, my impulse is to say that such protection would be given. I cannot know exactly what shape an act of emancipation may take. If the period from the initiation to the final end should be comparatively short, and the act should prevent persons being sold during that period into more lasting slavery, the whole would be easier. I do not wish to pledge the General Government to the affirmative support of even temporary slavery beyond what can be fairly claimed under the Constitution. I suppose, however, this is not desired, but that it is desired for the military force of the United States, while in Missouri, to not be used in subverting the temporarily reserved legal rights in slaves during the progress of emancipation. This I would desire, also. I have very earnestly urged the slave States to adopt emancipation; and it ought to be, and is, an object with me not to overthrow or thwart what any of them may, in good faith, do to that end. You are, therefore, authorized to act in the spirit of this letter, in conjunction with what may appear to be the military necessities of your department.

Although this letter will become public at some time, it is not intended to be made so now.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

ARCADIA, MO., [June] 22, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The following telegram received from Colonel [J. B.] Rogers, commanding Cape Girardeau:

I have information on which I rely. Kitchen is at Brown's Ferry with 400 men. Price at Jacksonport with 8,000 infantry. Marmaduke moving up to Priced with his cavalry; this one week ago Saturday. They are probably there yet. This is from citizens of assured loyalty and truthfulness.

I have proper measures taken to ascertain the truth of above statement. Will you be down to-morrow? If so, please advise me. I hope you can come.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 22, 1863-4.10 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

If it be true that Price's forces are on the Mississippi River, above Memphis, had you not better send forces from Missouri down the river to attack him there? This would prevent the danger of a raid into the State.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 23, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Price's infantry is at Jacksonport, and his cavalry along Crowley's Ridge and the river. My movable force is nearly all cavalry. Had I

