
at Lyon that at Larned; at least such is the present indication. You will not, therefore, sent or go with your forces to Larned, or indeed out of the district, except for temporary purposes, and then you will not report for duty; only co-operate with other troops. You will keep your pickets well out, and arrest and detain all suspicious persons that may be roaming around, no matter which way they are traveling. The time has come when we must use decisive measures. Colonel L. has not authority to call for troops from this district, and will not have. Additional troops are ordered in this direction from the Missouri River, and Colonel C. is ordered to co-operate with General Connor against the Ute Indians on the Overland Mail Route. He will keep an eye to the Arkansas, and has additional forces which he will send if there is a necessity for so doing. We have the mail three times a week, and are within two days by telegraph of department headquarters, from whence all reliable information must come. All report there, and from there all that is reliable is quickly sent out. The colonel feels that with the troops you now have, with your usual vigilance, you will be able to give timely notice, that you may be re-enforced if necessary.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

S. S. SOULE,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 24, 1863-12 m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Move the troops as you deem most advantageous, with the view of keeping Price's forces away from the Mississippi River till Grant gets through with Vicksburg.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, June 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding District of the Border, Kansas City, Mo.:

GENERAL: Your letters of the 17th and 19th are received. It is impossible to give you the Ninth Missouri, though I would gladly do so if I could. Colonel Guitar commands the District of Northeastern Missouri, and has his regiment and Enrolled Militia alone. I can give you the Third Wisconsin to guard the Santa Fe route as far as Fort Lyon, inclusive. This will strengthen you a good deal. I shall hardly be able to do more at present. I will, however, endeavor to do more as soon as the fall of Vicksburg shall relieve the pressure on our southern border.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, June 24, 1863.

Colonel CLOUD, Springfield:

Can you, with the force now under your command, occupy the western counties of Missouri, so as to relieve Colonel Phillips' regiment, Seventh Missouri State Militia? It is important that this be done, if possible.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

