
ROLLA, MO., June 24, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

On receipt of your telegram, informing me of a contemplated rebel raid, I sent a scout of two companies from Salem. They went about 80 miles south of Salem. I shall forward, to-morrow, by mail, the report from scout. I learn that Colonel Old, of Thomasville, had just returned from Little Rock, who reports Price as moving north of Arkansas River; would strike through the Indian Nation, and the talk is, would make his headquarters at Jefferson City, driving all who would not join before him. Price had visited Marmaduke's command, and had ordered him to join Price, and was now moving.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., June 24, 1863.

Major General B. M. PRENTISS, Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am informed that Price is at Jacksonport. He is reported to be building sixty deep flat-boats on Black River. He may mean to drop down with them, but his men believe that he is bound for Missouri. His forces line the river bank in squads, and I think he will open a battery about Island Numbers 35. This, however, may be only to divert attention while he drops down back of Helena, with provisions and artillery in flats, or he may be moving in force on New Madrid.

Every point on my lines in front and rear is threatened, and if Price gets over the Mississippi I shall have a warm time.

Heavy forces are gathered west and south of Corinth. A considerable force, cavalry and artillery, are over the Tennessee at mouth of Duck River. Okolona and Oxford are rallying points for the enemy's irregular [forces]. Panola and the road thence south to the Yockna have been destroyed by my cavalry.

Garrisons on Memphis and Charleston Railroad are dreadfully light, and the road is liable to be cut at any time, leaving my remnant of a corps part in Memphis, part at Corinth.

In case of a movement by Johnston north, in advance of Grant, it may be necessary to move your command up here and abandon Helena. In this matter, however, I shall receive instructions from General Grant in time. I wish you would keep good men on the Mississippi side to watch this movement.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF TROOPS ON SANTA FE ROAD,Fort Larned, Kans., June 24, 1863.

ASST. ADJT. General, DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,

Kansas City:

SIR: Please call the attention of the general commanding district to the inclosed,* just received from Fort Lyon.

I would say to the general what I have said to General [E. V.] Sumner

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

