
and to General Blunt, that there are a great many more troops at and around Denver not needed in Colorado, and unless this post is re-enforced soon we may expect trouble. There are no Indians above but are within a hundred miles of this place, and if the rebels should make a dash at this post and be successful, all the Indians will at once join them, and New Mexico be entirely cut off, together with the loss of millions of property now en route for that Territory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

Colonel Second Regiment Colorado Volunteers.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 25, 1863.

Captain PENNOCK, Cairo:

Can you furnish a gunboat about the first of next week to operate with troops between New Madrid and Memphis?

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, June 25, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

My last information puts Price, with 6,000 men, at Jacksonport. He has built sixty flats. Purpose not known; is believed to be bringing 12-pounder guns to Arkansas shore near Island Numbers 35, to interrupt navigation. Subsistence reported scarce with his command. If he has force enough, I think he will try New Madrid, or endeavor to force a crossing into Tennessee.

HURLBUT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 7. Rolla, Mo., June 25, 1863.

I. There having been great latitude taken in the definition of contraband property by troops within the District of Rolla, resulting in great injustice to the inhabitants, while the troops supposed they were performing their duty by seizing upon such property, it is ordered--

II. That contraband property shall be considered such as is movable, and has been or is in the use of men in arms against the Government, for their aid and comfort.

III. No officer or soldier in the District of Rolla will take possession of any contraband property, except it be in the use of men in arms against the Government, or on good proof that the same has been used to aid and comfort such men.

IV. All officers in command of posts, regiments, companies, and scouting parties and scouts will be held accountable for the taking of any horse, mule, or other property, except it is in the use of men in arms against the Government, or has been used by such, for their aid and comfort, provided the same is not required for the immediate necessities of troops, scouting parties, and scouts, when receipts will be given by the commanding officer (in case a quartermaster is not present), to be paid on proof of loyalty.

By order of Brigadier General Thomas A. Davies:

J. LOVELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

