
pel Price to concentrate his forces and keep them in Davidson's front, thereby preventing the interruption of navigation on the Mississippi, as well as an invasion into Missouri.

As soon as General Davidson's success will warrant, it is desired to change his base to some point on the river, probably Osceola, to which place I desire to move some infantry, and shall then require the assistance of a gunboat, which should probably be at New Madrid. Of this, however, I shall inform you in time.

Should information be received showing that Price has effected a lodgment along the river, it will be necessary to send infantry down by river to act in conjunction with the gunboats in driving him away, which will also be communicated as soon as ascertained and determined upon.

Thanking you, captain, for the cordiality and promptness of your action, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., June 27, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 24th* is just received. I regret to learn that you are threatened at all points, and trust that you may be able to meet successfully any attempted invasion within your lines. You mention that Price is at Jacksonport building boats. I had information that he was there, but the latest intelligence from him is that he was moving toward Red River. My scouts have not been able, for the past ten days, to bring reliable information further than that. I am and have been threatened for weeks by a superior force of cavalry. Three full regiments are within 20 miles of this place, preventing communication with the interior. I have less than 4,000 men here, and of that number 600 are cavalry. I shall endeavor to comply with your request, and will advise you of any information received.

Respectfully, yours,

B. M. PRENTISS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS ON THE SANTA FE ROAD,Fort Larned, Kans., June 27, 1863.

Lieutenant JOHN WILLIAMS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of the Border, Kansas City, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival at this post this morning of a train of Government commissary stores, and that the train-master reports that the Kiowa and Comanche Indians gave them great trouble on the Santa Fe road all the way from Cow Creek to Walnut Creek, at which point they left him. He informs me that he has traveled the plains for the last eighteen years, and that he never knew the Indians so impudent and insulting as now. They stripped his mule of his saddle, took all the blankets from his men, cut open sacks in his wagons, from which he could not keep them, and committed many other outrages. I have sent for the chiefs of all the tribes, and shall have a full and free understanding with them, and if they cannot stop their young men from committing these robberies, I shall. General Blunt applied

---------------

*See p. 335.

---------------

