
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,
Huntsville, Ark., January 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Army of the Frontier:

GENERAL: A man named Eli Sandford, one of Captain Pierre's scouts, has just come in (2 p.m.). The substance of his information is that the army of Hindman left Clarksville on Thursday, and went down the river with the intention, as reported, of stopping at Lewisburg, on Big Piney, where they intend taking permanent quarters. The cavalry force of the enemy's army under Marmaduke and Shelby, as they report, 7,000 strong, left under orders to go to Pocahontas, and took the route by Yellville and Lower Missouri, as the scout says, "on their own hook." The citizens about Clarksville and on the route of march of Hindman's army have been called upon by written notices, one of which the scout saw, to act as pickets since their cavalry left. He saw no force of the enemy whatever after leaving the point from which he came, 7 miles north of Clarksville, until he reached Huntsville. The latest information is that the infantry of Hindman's army did not stop at Lewisburg, but were still marching toward Little Rock. It is the current account in the country and among their soldiers that Hindman had lost 6,000 men by desertion since leaving Van Buren. Four rebel soldiers dressed in Federal uniform traveled in company with Sandford to within 20 miles of Huntsville. They stated that they lived in and near Cassville, and were going home, and that they should send their women into our camps to procure information.

This is all the information I could obtain from Sandford. He has gone to General Herron's camp. Major Montgomery has not returned. If any information is received through him, I will report immediately.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. HUSTON, JR.,

Colonel Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding Second Div.

SAINT LOUIS,

January 11, 1863. (Received January 12.)

Major-General GRANT:

Please use the following dispatch at your discretion:*

Brigadier General W. A. GORMAN, Helena:

Continue to regard the Vicksburg move of primary importance. Let all other moves delay, if deemed necessary. Send boats and men for that object, but do not weaken Helena so as to endanger the position.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Camp at Carrollton, January 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD:

GENERAL: I have arrived at this place, having made but slow progress moving over the terrible road with artillery and wagons. The country is full of bushwhackers, who annoy us very much. Our men shot one or two on the other side of Hunstville. Your last dispatch,

---------------

*For use made of the dispatch, see Grant to Gorman, January 12, 1863, in Series I, Vol. XVII, Part II, p. 555.

---------------

