HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, MO., July 2, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I am informed that an effort is being made in Washington to obtain an order restoring the Department of Kansas. I deem it my duty to say, in reference to this matter, that peace cannot be restored and preserved near the border of Kansas and Missouri unless the country on both sides of the line be under the same command. I have organized a district, consisting of the northern part of Kansas and the border counties of Missouri, and placed it under command of Brigadier-General Ewing, a most excellent officer, who has the confidence of the law-abiding people of Kansas. The good results growing out of this change are already apparent, and I believe any change like that contemplated or asked for would be for the worse.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 2, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT:

My scouts bring the same report of Price's movements. I have sent a strong cavalry force into Eastern Arkansas.

SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GLASGOW, MO., July 2, 1863.

General BARTHOLOW, Macon City:

Colonel Parker, the noted Jackson and La Fayette bushwhacker, was killed yesterday in Waverly by some militia. He had his commission in his pocket.

[CLARK H.] GREEN.

CASSVILLE, MO., July 2, 1863.

Colonel CLOUD, Springfield, Mo.:

The scout has just got in; brings important information. Hunter is at Holcomb's Springs, with 500. Cabell is at Hewitt's old ill, 5 miles this side of Fayetteville; also three squadrons at Bentonville. Cabell is to have command of all; said to be 2,000 cavalry, no artillery. This Captain [Roan E. M.] Mack got from young men, who got it from their pickets at Cross Hollows. He also said that Cabell was going to attack this post Sunday morning. I have sent out another scout. I will send word as soon as I hear from it. My last scout was commanded by Captain Mack, Company G; took 4 prisoners and killed 1 man; took 13 head of very good horses.

Yours, respectfully,

J. J. JOHNSON,

Major, Commanding Post.

