HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., July 2, 1863.

Major General B. M. PRENTISS,

Commanding District of Eastern Arkansas, Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: A man who has escaped from Price's army informs me that Price is moving south, and will make an attempt on Helena, if he considers it safe, or else move on Milliken's Bend. He says that women are used as spies by that force, and that several of them started for Helena before he left. I would recommend, if you have not done so, that your lines be rigidly closed. You will much oblige me by keeping me informed of matters in your vicinity. I could send you temporary aid, if necessary.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

OFFICE MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON,

Cairo, Ill., July 3, 1863.

General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 27th ultimo, and have sent a copy of it to Lieutenant Commander S. L. Phelps by a reliable officer. Lieutenant-Commander Phelps commands the gunboats that will co-operate with your forces, and is now on board the Eastport, a first-class iron-clad gunboat. He will, no doubt, afford any assistance in the way of co-operating with the troops that may be in his power.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. PENNOCK,

Fleet Captain, &amp;c., Commandant of Station.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., July 3, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

I had a strong scout from Marshfield, under Major Suess, of the Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, down to West Plains on the 27th. They had good success, killing 13, &c. He reported Colonels Coleman, Burbridge, and Freeman at Spring River Mills, near Salem, with a force of about 1,000. This being out of my district, and in General Davidson's, I trusted to him to watch and protect. I have a small scout that way, and expect to report daily. I had a Butternut scout in the eastern part of the district, which reported to me just this moment. The rebel women told me that their husbands, &c., had gone to West Plains to join the army, and that they did not know when they would be back. The southwestern counties are being cleaned out by Colonel Allen's provisional troops and parts of the Seventh and Eighth Missouri State Militia, and guerrillas are not safe in small squads. My Arkansas troops are very anxious to go to their own State, and, from reports, I believe that we can get many recruits for the army if we go there. I am anxious to encourage these matters, and, while we move, will do so with caution, as you direct.

Respectfully,

W. F. CLOUD,

Colonel, Commanding.

