
ROLLA, July 3, 1863.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN, Saint Louis:

A part of Captain [William] Monks' company, at Houston, that I spoke to you of, has been out on a scout, and captured 6 prisoners; just come in and are in the fort. The men have been now on duty nearly one month, without any show of pay. The captain is here, and the men would like to know General Schofield's decision, whether I can take them up on my list of scouts at cavalry pay. I am short, as you know, of cavalry,and these men are very valuable. They have no clothes or money, and it becomes necessary to give them an answer. Please present the case to the general commanding.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 4, 1863-1.30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Information from Memphis, deemed reliable, shows that Price and Kirby Smith are moving their forces south against Generals Grant and Banks. I think there is no danger of any immediate operations against Missouri, and I must again urge you to send every available man you can possibly spare down the Mississippi. Dispatches from Jefferson Davis to General Lee, just captured, show that the rebels are concentrating on the Mississippi River and north of the Potomac all their forces not required to garrison their works at Richmond, Charleston, and Savannah. Even these would have been sent to Johnston and Lee if our troops did not threaten these places.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 5, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I will do all possible to assist General Grant. I am not yet certain that Price has gone, but will know in a day or two. Meanwhile I will get my troops ready to embark.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON,

Care Colonel Livingston, Pilot Knob:

It is of the utmost importance for me to have positive information of Price's movements as soon as possible. Make every effort to get and forward it to me. If you find that Price has moved south, as reported, do not go beyond easy communication with Cape Girardeau, say Bloomfield and Poplar Bluff. Affairs down the river require me to give Grant all the assistance in my power. I must, if possible, send him more troops.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

23 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

