
is one means of communication, and his company will come over when I open another. I have just had a spy of Cooper's in camp. She brought up news and dispatches from Scott and Sebastian Counties, and was recommended as a suitable spy for Cooper. He employed her and sent her over, giving her a good deal of information as to his modus operandi in getting news from my camp. She was passed over 15 miles below here, and came in with my dispatches in her bonnet slits; also general news. Besides news, stipulated that she must buy at the sutler's store a little coffee and a bottle of whisky. Believing that his thirst for the latter would be almost as great as his thirst for news, I sent him the desired articles, as an additional incentive to keep up the channel of communication.

Respectfully,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 62. Saint Louis, Mo., July 7, 1863.

All district and post commanders within this department will, upon application of the United States provost-marshals, under the conscription act of Congress, furnish all necessary guards to enable them to perform their duties.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 63. Saint Louis, Mo., July 7, 1863.

Martial law has been declared in certain portions of this department, and is in force in all places occupied by the United States forces in time of war by virtue of such occupation. This does not, however, suspend the functions of the civil governments of loyal States, except when expressly so declared by the commanding general. It is the duty of all officers of such loyal civil governments to execute the State laws, as far as possible, in the same manner as if no United States troops were present. And it is the duty of the military authorities of the United States to abstain from interference with the civil officers, and to protect them from violence, if need be, while in the discharge of their duties. Any resistance to or interference with civil officers while in the discharge of their legitimate duties, by officers or soldiers, is a crime which merits and will receive the severest punishment.

It is the mission of the army to put down rebellion, to restore the supremacy of civil law, to encourage and strengthen the civil authorities until they shall again be able to enforce the laws and maintain peace. The rigors of martial law will be gradually relaxed in each State, or portion of a State, as peace shall be restored and the civil authorities regain their strength. It can be entirely abrogated only when military occupation becomes no longer necessary. Whenever military occupation is objectionable, its removal can be best accomplished by the repression of all those intestine disorders which it is the function of a military force to correct.

All officers are required in good faith to observe and carry out the spirit of this order. In general, civil officers will be permitted to execute civil process in all camps and posts in loyal States as in times of

