
Some further delay must take place there in crossing, which may compel me to bivouac at the crossing to-night. I will,however, push with all possible dispatch. I cross White River at Van Winkle's Ferry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

LEBANON, January 12, 1863-1 a.m.

Colonel STONE:

Am satisfied a force of 4,000 is marching on Houston, under command of Marmaduke. You must re-enforce Houston to-morrow or the stores are gone up.

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 5. Saint Louis, Mo., January 12, 1863.

Commanding officers of armies, districts, brigades, regiments, and posts will forward copies of all general orders and all important special orders issued by them to these headquarters, for the information of the general commanding. Also all reports of expeditions, skirmishes, and engagements; and officers making such reports will, in all cases, make particular mention of subordinate officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates who, by special good conduct, general attentiveness to and willingness to perform their duties, and bravery upon the field, are deserving of promotion. Lists of such meritorious officers and enlisted men, setting forth the particulars in each case, so far as given, will be kept at these headquarters, and, from time to time, furnished to the Governors of their respective States, with the request that promotions to fill vacancies be made from these lists.

Commanding officers of brigades, regiments, and corps within this department will see, as far as in their power, that merit alone, either among officers or men, secures promotion.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, Huntsville, January 13, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

DEAR SIR: Having informed myself in regard to the nature of the country and the enemy's resources in Arkansas, south of the Arkansas River, and thinking that it might be of interest to you, occupying the position of chief of scouts for the Army of the Frontier, I have been enabled to learn as follows: That Arkadelphia, a point at the head of navigation on the Wichita River, 70 or 80 miles southwest from Little Rock and 65 miles north of Monroe, the present terminus of the railroad from Vicksburg to Marshall, Tex., is the great depot from the Trans-Mississippi Confederate States army. There they have manufactories, where they make guns, ammunition, clothing, salt,medicines, and other army supplies. In this section, as in all Southern Arkansas, I find that there is a strong Union element. At Arkadelphia, for the defense of the town, are left about 500 men. The locality of this place is as follows: It is 87 miles, by a good road, from Gaines' Landing, on the Mississippi

