
field, and turned over to the proper staff officer for the use of the army, or to be held until orders for its disposition can be obtained from department headquarters.

In all such cases receipts in due form must be given to the apparent owner, if he or his representatives be present.

To distinguish such receipts from those given to loyal persons from whom property is purchased for the use of the army, they will bear upon their face the words "To be settled as the Government shall hereafter direct."

In all such cases of seizure, an accurate list and description of such property will be sent without delay to the provost-marshal-general, with the names of witnesses by whom the loyalty or disloyalty of its owner can be proven.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, July 9, 1863.

Captain G. W. MURPHY, Sedalia:

A party of guerrillas about Florence, Morgan County, to-day. Send 40 mounted men there immediately, with instructions to scout the country thoroughly.

I send a scout from Versailles.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, July 9, 1863.

WILLIAM J. FRETT,

On Train, Tipton:

Florence was attacked to-day by a small band of guerrillas. Commanding officer at Versailles will send immediately a scout of 50 men, and scout the country thoroughly in that direction.

I send a scout from Sedalia.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, July 9, 1863.

Colonel J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

Second Regiment Colorado Volunteers,

Commanding Route, Santa Fe Road;

COLONEL: I am instructed by the general commanding to inform you that no troops can be spared from this part of the district at present.

Troops have been promised and are expected soon. A portion of them will be sent on the route of the Santa Fe road as soon as they arrive.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HANNAHS,

Lieutenant, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

