
DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

July 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON, Bloomfield:

Your dispatch of yesterday is received. Vicksburg, with its garrison of over 20,000 men, surrendered on the 4th. On the same day Price attacked Helena, and was repulsed with serious loss. I presume by this time he has crossed White River on his way southwest. I do not think it advisable for you to advance farther south until I can arrange with Grant for further operations, or at least until further information is obtained of Price's movements. Watch well west and southwest. Marmaduke may attempt a raid west of you. If you can open communication with New Madrid, it will be well.

Colonel Harding reports the Sikeston road much the most easy to repair. Please examine it, and see if you think it worth while to repair it.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Numbers 213. Washington, July 9, 1863.

Brigadier General Robert Allen is announced as senior quartermaster of the Department of the Northwest, Missouri, and Tennessee. All officers of the Quartermaster's Department serving in these departments will respect and obey his orders accordingly.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF TROOPS ON THE SANTA FE ROAD,Fort Larned, Kans., July 10, 1863.

The Commanding Officer of any Troops on Santa Fe Road:

SIR: We are surrounded by the Arapaho, Kiowa, and Comanche Indians in large numbers. This morning a sentinel shot and killed an Indian, but of which tribe I have not been able to ascertain. I have runners out in all directions for the chiefs to meet me in council, and for all whites near here to come in. Upon receipt of this, you will proceed without delay, with any and all force you may have with you, to this post, for we are utterly unable to render any assistance outside of the post, should it be required. Prompt action is needed at this time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LEAVENWORTH,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, July 10, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter of the 7th, and am gratified to know that my efforts to assist General Grant have given satisfaction in Washington. I sought in vain the privilege of going to his assistance with my command last winter, instead of lying still in Mis-

