
souri, and it affords me no little satisfied to have been more recently in position to contribute something toward the glorious result which he has achieved.

I inclose you a copy of a letter* which I wrote to General Grant as soon as I heard of the fall of Vicksburg. I can do but little until he is ready to send a force into Arkansas. I have retained in the southern part of Missouri barely enough infantry to hold the important points of New Madrid, Cape Girardeau, Pilot Knob, Rolla, and Springfield against such cavalry force as the enemy could easily bring against either one of them for a short time until my cavalry division could come to their relief. As soon as troops start up the Arkansas or White River, I can withdraw nearly all the troops from those places and send them down the river. In anticipation of that movement, I am preparing to send them at a moment's notice. There will be four regiments and a battery. Davidson, with his cavalry division, is moving down into Northeastern Arkansas, and will sweep across the country and join the troops from Vicksburg at some point on the river.

I am not informed whether you have given General Grant any instructions relative to operations west of the river or whether the matter is to be left entirely to him. I have taken the liberty of suggesting to General Grant that General Steele be sent in command of the force which is to operate in Arkansas, as it is important to have an officer who can be relied upon in an independent command. General Steele is familiar with the country, and I believe correctly understands the true theory of operations there. I am anxious to take the field myself, and hope soon to arrange matters here so that I can leave Saint Louis without detriment. This I cannot do, however, until we get possession of the Arkansas River, and thus secure permanent peace in Missouri. Meanwhile it is important that the troops in Arkansas be under a competent commander.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF NORTHERN MISSOURI, Numbers 1. Macon City, July 10, 1863.

In pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 61, Headquarters Department of the Missouri, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of Northern Missouri, comprising all that portion of the State of Missouri lying north of the Missouri River; headquarters at Macon City.

* * * * *

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General, Missouri State Militia.

FORT HALLECK, IDAHO, July 10, 1863.

Colonel CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

SIR: On the 24th of last mouth a band of Ute Indians, numbering 60, came near this post and sent a squad in to beg provisions, saying that they wanted to be friendly with the whites. They got provisions and

---------------

*See Inclosure Numbers 2 to Schofield's general report, Part I, p. 18.

---------------

