
Lexington to repress the disturbances and arrest the ringleaders. These companies will remain in Johnson County until further orders. In my name order the two companies of the Fourth Missouri now at Warrensburg to come here, with transportation. Telegraph me when two companies leave Lexington. Let there be no delay.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 69. Saint Louis, MO., July 10, 1863.

The following officers compose the staff of the major-general commanding the department:

Brigadier General James Totten, chief of staff, inspector-general and chief of artillery; Brigadier General Robert Allen, chief quartermaster; Colonel B. L. E. Bonneville, U. S. Army, commissary of musters; Colonel T. J. Haines, aide-de-camp,chief commissary; Colonel F. D. Callender, aide-de-camp,chief of ordnance; Colonel Lewis B. Parsons, aide-de-camp, chief of transportation; Lieutenant Colonel J. O. Broadhead, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, provost-marshal-general; Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Marsh, assistant adjutant-general, in charge of office; Major J. A. Campbell, assistant adjutant-general; Surg. D. L. Magruder, U. S. Army, medical director;Major N. W. Brown, U. S. Army, chief of pay department; Major William M. Dunn, aide-de-camp, judge-advocate; Colonel William Weer, Tenth Kansas Volunteers, assistant inspector-general;Lieutenant Colonel S. H. Melcher, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, assistant inspector-general; Captain J. F. Dwight, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, assistant inspector-general; Major William M. Wherry, aide-de-camp; Major A. H. Engle, aide-de-camp; Captain S. C. Benham, U. S. Volunteers, inspecting commissary; Captain William Hoelcke, aide-de-camp, chief of engineers; Captain Anton Gerster, Twenty-seventh Missouri Volunteers, assistant engineer, and Lieutenant J. K. Hudson, Tenth Kansas Volunteers, aide-de-camp.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, July 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding District of the Border, Kansas City, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have to-day sent you an order to mount the Eleventh Kansas. I will have the horses and horse equipments supplied as soon as possible. The chief difficulty will be to procure suitable arms. The demand for cavalry arms is much greater than the supply. On this account the regiment will have to retain their muskets for some time. You can make requisitions for carbines and separate requisitions for revolvers. I will try to furnish the latter soon.

It is desirable that the regiment be quickly recruited to the maximum of effective men. Disabled men can be either discharged or transferred to the invalid corps, according to the nature and degree of the disability.

I am informed that General Blunt has ordered the Sixth Kansas and nearly all of the Third Wisconsin and the Thirteenth Kansas to Fort Gibson, saying he is on the eve of a great battle. At this distance, and

