
authorized military or civil officer, or who shall defy or resist arrest by such officer, shall be regarded as outlawed, and shot down upon the spot.

V. It shall be the duty of every officer who shall make any arrest under and by virtue of the provisions of this order to report, without delay, to the nearest local provost-marshal, or to the district provost-marshal, the names of the person or persons so arrested, together with the charges and a brief statement of the evidence upon which such arrest was made.

VI. Any officer who shall neglect, fail, or refuse to execute promptly and effectively any duty imposed upon him by the within orders shall be court-martialed for disobedience of orders and neglect of duty. The intention of this order is not to supersede or in any way conflict with civil authority in the district, but is designed in aid thereof, and all civil officers are invoked to the prompt and unfaltering discharge of their respective trusts as the surest means of preserving peace and order and maintaining the supremacy of the laws.

By command of Brigadier-General Guitar:

L. T. HAYMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 13, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The arrest of William McKee, by General Schofield, is unkind, unjust, against the spirit of your own instructions, and an insult to the supporters of the Union and the Government. Please await details by mail.

H. T. BLOW.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 13, 1863.

General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I regret to learn of the arrest of the "Democrat" editor. I fear this loses you the middle position I desired you to occupy. I have not learned which of the two letters I wrote you it was that the Democrat published, but I care very little for the publication of any letter I have written. Please spare me the trouble this is likely to bring.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 13, 1863.

Honorable H. T. BLOW, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I saw your dispatch to the Secretary of War. The publication of a letter without the leave of the writer or the receiver I think cannot be justified, but in this case I do not think it of sufficient consequence to justify an arrest; and again, the arrest being, through a parole, merely nominal, does not deserve the importance sought to be attached to it. Cannot this small matter be dropped on both sides without further difficulty?

A. LINCOLN.

