
are supposed to be in force about 14 miles south of the river. Their outposts, which are very strong, are on the bank of the river, where they have all the crossings guarded and defended by rifle-pits. I expect to find out their location to-day, and shall move on them as soon as the boats are completed. If they attempt to make much opposition at the river, I think I can force my way over under cover of my artillery.

* * * * *

Three men have just arrived in my camp from Fort Smith-Union men who have left their families and fled to escape the persecution of the rebels. They (the rebels) hung 11 men in the vicinity of Fort Smith, because they suspected them of being loyal. These men report that the mountains are full of Union refugees, waiting for us to get to them that they may join us. I have now learned where the game is,and ache to get across the river. I shall make them pay dearly for their barbarity.

Yours, truly,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo., July 13, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith copies of orders and instructions from these headquarters relating to the Indian expedition sent from here in aid of General Connor; also the order for the return of said troops. I also forward copy of the orders directing Major Wynkoop, commanding the expedition to proceed against the Indians, and of his instructions, and of copies of letters which prompted the issue of said orders. I hope my action in this matter may meet your approval.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel, Commanding District of Colorado.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo., June 30, 1863.

Major E. W. WYNKOOP,

Commanding Indian Expedition on Overland Mail Route, Colorado:

SIR: In addition to the orders you have heretofore received, the colonel commanding directs me to say that he desires you to prohibit all persons whomsoever from accompanying your command except your officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, who have been regularly detached as your command, the servants of officers, persons regularly employed in the quartermaster's and commissary departments, your guide, and such officers of other corps and personal friends as you may desire to accompany you; and it is particularly enjoined that no camp followers, except the regular sutler, be allowed to traffic with teamsters or soldiers, and no wagon-master, in the employ of the quartermaster's or commissary departments, will be allowed to trade with ranches, Indians, or soldiers, nor will wagon-masters or others, in such employ, be allowed to take and keep with your command any animals of any kind whatever. And you will cause all persons accompanying your com-

