
mand, and in the employ of the quartermaster's and commissary departments, and your guides to take and subscribe to the accompanying oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States (marked A),* and you will promptly discharge all who hesitate in the least about taking said oath, taking their names and description, nothing the fact that they would not willingly and cheerfully take the oath, and they will not hereafter be employed in any of the departments of this district.

You will proceed to Camp Collins, where you will be joined by Companies B and M, First Colorado Cavalry, and your command will be joined by Company I, First Colorado Cavalry, as soon as it can be fitted out for the field. With your command thus constituted you will proceed west, on the Overland Stage Route, as far as Fort Bridger, and chastise any Indians who may have committed depredations on either the ranches or emigrants. You will not report your command for duty to General Connor, but will co-operate with him in any way that may be for the good of the service and the safety of settlers and travelers on the overland line, and especially for the security of the mail line to and from the Pacific States. You will report all to these headquarters.

The other interests of the district permitting, the colonel will join your command in about ten days, and in the mean time (and whether the colonel joins your command or not) he has full confidence that you will manage the expedition for the best interests of the service and the reputation, honor, and glory of the First Colorado Cavalry.

You will make a small detail in charge of a trusty non-commissioned officer, and leave them in charge of the Government property at Camp Collins.

With sentiments of the highest respect, your obedient servant,

S. S. SOULE,

First Lieutenant First Colorado Cavalry,and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

P. S.-The administering the oath had better be delayed until you reach Camp Collins, for the reason that your train is now so scattered.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

LATHAM, July 10, 1863.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed find a letter from J. H. Jones to me. Please give it your attention.

DAVID JOHNS,

Division Agent Overland Stage Line.

P. S.-Mr. Jones is our agent at Fort Halleck, and also sutler for the United States.

[Sub-Inclosure.]

FORT HALLECK, July 7, 1863.

D. JOHNS, Esq., Division Agent:

DEAR SIR: I regret to inform you that night before last the Indians stole all the horses at Cooper Creek, but did not take any mules. I notify you of this for fear that Mr. Taylor, the station keeper, may not do it. I suggest that you bring several bell horses with you, as you know how difficult it is to keep the mules without a bell horse.

Day before yesterday afternoon the Indians visited Medicine Bow Station, and took all the provisions that they had at the station, and

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

24 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

