
River, 21 miles below the mouth of the Arkansas River, and at or near the foot of a range of mountains which no horse can cross without coming north and going west some 150 miles. Thus it would [seem] that a force landing at Gaines' Landing could effectually cut off the enemy's retreat on this great it thoroughfare from Little Rock to Texas, and cause him to take the more western route, on which he will waste his strength until he will become no longer formidable. At Arkadelphia and through that section of country there exists a scarcity of forage, by reason of drought, but down the Wichita 25 miles forage becomes plentiful. The means of communication between the rebels east of the Mississippi and at Little Rock are by telegraph from Vicksburg to Monroe, thence by mail or express to Arkadelphia, thence by telegraph to Little Rock.

Thinking that you might not be as fully informed through any other channel, I submit the foregoing.

Yours, respectfully,

WM. H. PIERRE.

P. S.-I also learn that the Union men of Clark and Sebastian Counties, Arkansas, have from the rebels armed and equipped themselves, and I am assured by them that as soon as we get near Little Rock they will co-operate with us.
HDQRS. SEVENTH MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Camp near Springfield, Mo., January 13, 1863.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of the Frontier, Fayetteville, Ark.:

COLONEL: You are informed by telegraph, doubtless, that I arrived at this post with my command at 8 a.m. to-day. We marched hard, and, I think, made good time. My command does not exceed 400 men, but these are in splendid condition. The poorly mounted and dilapidated were left behind with train.

The fight here on the 8th was rather a brilliant and successful affair on our side. The men behaved nobly. General Brown's gallantry and management are much eulogized, and I am of opinion it is quite deserved. I saw him this evening. His wound is painfully severe, and full of danger. He is quite cheerful, but greatly concerned about the safety of the post, and the opinion that may be entertained of the defense made. My opinion deferentially spoken, is that no second attempt on this post will be made by Marmaduke on this raid, and that he will endeavor, with precipitate haste, to extricate himself from the entanglements of your rear. Look out for him to the east. Our desire and purpose is to pursue him. Efforts will be made to form junction with General Warren. His additional force and co-operation will, in our judgment, enable us to loosen them up at Hartville, and compel them to retire into Arkansas at a point where they will necessarily run on to one of the points covered by your disposition of the forces south.

The moral effect of this inroad into Missouri will be against us, unless the scoundrels are intercepted and badly crippled. Should he consume and destroy the supplies on the line of his retreat, our pursuit will be unfortunately tardy, and, in my judgment, the greatest good is to be expected from the efforts of the force east of Fayetteville. Touching these things, however, you will be better advised by wiser heads.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

