
then stripped Hazard and Nicholls of their shirts and cravats, &amp;c., and left without taking any animals. Captain [A.] Allen sent out 75 men in pursuit of the Indians, who overtook them 18 miles from here, where a battle is now going on. How it will terminate I cannot say; 3 wounded men have been brought in; one will die.

We will try and keep the coaches running until you come up with the stock, though the drivers and stock-tenders complain a good deal. I forgot to say that the Ute Indians have with them some 250 head of horses, stolen within 18 miles of Fort Laramie. They stole 211 from old man Richard (called Reshaw).

Yours, truly,

J. H. JONES,

Agent.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

VIRGINIA DALE, July 10, 1863.

Mr. JOHNS:

SIR: The stock at Rock Creek was stolen by the Indians yesterday. They stole the mules, and shot the bell mare three times. The women are all coming down here to-day.

Yours,

F. VAN HORN.

Van Horn is our agent at Virginia Dale.

DAVID JOHNS,

Division Agent, Overland Stage Line.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo., July 10, 1863.

Major E. W. WYNKOOP,

Commanding Indian Expedition on Overland Stage Route, Colorado:

SIR: Information has incidentally been received at these headquarters that Indians have recently been depredating on the overland line, this side of Fort Halleck, and the colonel commanding directs that Major [E. W.] Wynkoop, with the forces comprising the Indian expedition, go into camp at Collins, or west of there, and that a sufficient force be sent to chastise the guilty party. Great caution should be observed not to get into trouble with any party of Indians who are peacefully disposed. Major Wynkoop will be careful to make timely requisition for the wants of the command.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

S. S. SOULE,

First Lieutenant and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo., July 11, 1863.

Major E. W. WYNKOOP,

Commanding Indian Expedition on Overland Stage Line, Colorado:

MAJOR: It has incidentally come to the knowledge of the colonel commanding that "Friday" and a large number of Cheyenne and Arapaho braves are at Camp Collins, on the war-path against the Utes, or that they intend to follow your command for the purpose of plunder. This you will not allow, nor on any account whatever will they be permitted to go into the mountains while your command is in pursuit of the Utes.

