
You had better leave one company at Camp Collins, an I take the other four in pursuit of the Utes. A company will be sent to the Middle Park, who will look out for the Utes there, if they move in that direction.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

S. S. SOULE,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]

LATHAM, July 11, 1863.

[Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON:]

COLONEL: Mr. Johns, division agent, sends this to you, asking aid. Lieutenant [Hugh H.] Williams is reported here killed in the fight. Our troops reported at Collins. There is a chance for a fight.

J. S. FILLMORE,

Paymaster United States Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, July 13, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to transmit inclosed extracts* from letter to me from Colonel S. Miller, commanding forces left for defense of the frontier of Minnesota during the absence of General Sibley on the plains. The same statements have been made in several of the newspapers in Minnesota within the last month. I have to request that I be furnished with a copy of the order under which Mr. Hatch is acting, and that I also be informed of the extent of authority given him. Of course, he has no authority for announcing that he is to command troops in the service of the United States within this department, and to make campaign at his pleasure, independent of the proper military authorities of this department, but I desire to invite the attention of the Secretary of War and the General-in-Chief to the reconsideration of the policy of enlisting Indians in the service of the Government. Without entering into the facts developed by experience during the last thirty years, and which furnish sufficient argument against employing Indians in warlike operations against each other, I would simply inquire who is to be responsible that the Indians thus armed and equipped by the United States to not use arms and equipments against the white settlements? In respect to civilization there is absolutely no difference between the Chippewas, whom it is proposed to enlist, and the Sioux, now in arms against the Government. It seems to me, and I would respectfully suggest it to the consideration of the Secretary of War, that the policy of arming Indians and teaching them the mode of warfare pursued by the whites is simply training them in the best school for any future difficulties they may have with us. No more dependence can be placed upon Chippewas than any other Indians, and it has scarcely been six months since the people of Minnesota were in the greatest alarm and abandoned their homes on the frontier on account of these very Indians whom it is now proposed to enlist in the public service, and arm and equip at the public expense. What faith is to be placed in them? Is it not better, in view of all the facts, to keep these Chippewas in the same unprepared condition for hostilities that they have always been in, and trust to their want of honor to make war upon the whites rather than to their good faith?

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

