
caused one of my staff officers, a personal friend of Mr. McKee, to repeat the request in writing. This Mr. McKee also treated with contempt, making no reply to it whatever. After waiting several days longer, I ordered Mr. McKee to be arrested and brought before the provost-marshal-general, and required to give the desired information. Mr. McKee stated that the letter did not come to him from my office, but he was unwilling to say from whom it did come, and asked ten days' time in which to make his reply. This request was granted. Mr. McKee's arrest was merely nominal, he simply giving his verbal parole that he would report at the end of the days. It is now sought, I presume, to get your order suspending further proceedings or excusing Mr. McKee from answering my question, and thus screen the guilty party. Mr. McKee declares his own innocence, saying he came by the letter honestly, but he is unwilling to inform me who the guilty party is. It seems probable from all I can learn that Mr. McKee obtained the letter for publication through some friend of General Curtis, to whom, I presume, you sent a copy of it, and not through the infidelity of some person under my command, as at first appeared. If this is true, I am very willing to stop proceedings in the matter if you will express your willingness to overlook the offense committed in the publication of the letter, or in giving it to the press for publication, and to pardon the offender without knowing who he may be.

I am, Mr. President, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 14, 1863.

General HALLECK:

Price is moving up Crowley's Ridge, to attack General Davidson at Bloomfield. Price has from 6,000 to 12,000 infantry and 5,000 to 6,000 cavalry. Davidson has only 5,000 cavalry. I cannot re-enforce him without leaving the depots unguarded. Cannot troops be sent up White River immediately?

J. M. SCHOFIELD.

DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

July 14, 1863.

General GRANT, Vicksburg:

Price is in Northeastern Arkansas, with about 15,000 men, moving into Missouri. I have not force enough to drive him out, having sent nearly all to Vicksburg. Cannot you send a force up White River or the Arkansas immediately? You can capture all of Price's infantry and artillery.*

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON, Bloomfield:

Your dispatch of yesterday is received. I apprehend that Price, while threatening you with his infantry, may send his cavalry west of

---------------

*See Grant to Schofield, July 21, p. 385.

---------------

