
you to make a raid into Missouri. Look out for him, and regulate your movements accordingly. I will secure a diversion in your favor as soon as possible.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

ROLLA, MO., July 14, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

My woman scout has reported. Freeman is on the North Fork of White River, 35 miles from West Plains, with about 500 men and two independent companies and five pieces of artillery, and was preparing to move on Houston immediately. Shall re-enforce it with three pieces of Backof's battery and three companies of the Fourth [Fifth] Missouri and the company at Licking.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General.

NEW MADRID, MO., July 14, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have garrisoned the fort with one company of the Twenty-fifth Missouri. This company has been drilled at siege guns. The superior and inferior slopes are dressed and the whole work is nearly repaired. Some work upon the platform and a good deal upon the magazine remains to be done. I drew lumber at Cairo for the revetment of the lunettes, and they will soon be finished. I have no guns to place in them, however.

I have changed our lines a little, and shall construct one battery more than the engineers had provided for,and destroy a line of rifle-pits made by the rebels, and which the engineers had included in our plan of defense.

Since the Twenty-fourth Missouri and One hundred and first Illinois left me I have heard nothing of them. The cavalry which I sent to reconnoiter the country west of the swamp will probably be in to-morrow or next day.

The people in this vicinity need the application of Orders, Numbers 30, and I would be glad to have the machinery to enforce it.

We have an immense amount of forage here, something over 5,000 sacks of oats and 800 bales of hay; if any more be sent, tarpaulins to protect it should accompany it.

I hear nothing from General Davidson or his forces, excepting a rumor of a large body of cavalry marching toward me from Bloomfield.

The captain of the gunboat New Era called upon me yesterday, informing me of guerrilla bands being ready for operations between Columbus and Island Numbers 10, and between Point Pleasant and Fort Pillow.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 15, 1863-8 a.m.

J. O. BROADHEAD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The effect on political position of McKee's arrest will not be relieved any by its not having been made with that purpose.

A. LINCOLN.

