
SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON, Cape Girardeau:

Your dispatch is received. It is not worth the labor to repair the road to New Madrid. Your communication with Cape Girardeau will be sufficient, and I hope not to have to use that very long. I cannot send you infantry enough to enable to advance against Price. If he is in force east of White River, the troops to operate against him must come from Vicksburg, and will move up White or Arkansas River. The most you can do at present is to be ready to move in concert with them. I hope to hear of their starting soon. I am informed large stores of forage, &amp;c., have been shipped to New Madrid for your command; probably they had better be sent up to the Cape. Asboth,at Columbus, asks for help, and Harding will have to furnish it, so the Twenty-fourth Missouri cannot be sent up for the present.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., July 15, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

My train came here for supplies. It is now loading with all haste, after receiving your telegram. The division will leave Bloomfield on the 17th, and I will make good time.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General McNEIL, Springfield:

Port Hudson has surrendered. Our troops move into Eastern Arkansas immediately. Your available cavalry may move as far and as rapidly as your information of the enemy's strength in Northwestern [Arkansas] will justify. It is probably not best to cross the Boston Mountains at present. Direct your attention particularly to the protection of General Blunt's flank and line of communication between Fort Scott and Fort Gibson. Please keep me fully advised.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, MO., July 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General EWING [?]:

DEAR GENERAL: I left Kansas City yesterday morning on the Ogden. Arrived here at 5 o'clock the same day, and the first news I learned was the murder of 4 Union men and 1 girl, and 9 wounded, by the bushwhackers, numbering 40. This sad affair took place in Freedom Township, in the German settlement, some 15 miles from this city. After they executed their hellish purposes,they went in the direction of the Mound, about 9 miles from town, and dispersed in small bands of from 50 to 10, some going toward the Sni, and in various directions. This band is headed by one W. T. Anderson, who formerly lived in this place. They captured 1 of the militiamen, and paroled him to report to Colonel McFerran, and to no other, to be exchanged for on notorious William Ogden, said to be at this time a prisoner in Kansas. Failing to comply, his life is to be the forfeit.

