
reports and official communications respecting district business will be addressed to him at these headquarters.

VI. All orders issued by the late commander of this district will remain in force until further orders.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Dist. of Southwestern Missouri.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, Ky., July 16, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Please send a regiment to Paducah and a regiment and light battery to Cairo, if it is possible to do so. Reports from all parts agree that Pillow is advancing in force to co-operate with Morgan, and interfere with the navigation of the Ohio and Mississippi. Please telegraph what you can do.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Scott, July 16, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH,

A. A. G., Department Headquarters, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: Pursuant to General Blunt's instructions, a supply train of about 200 wagons leaves Saturday for Fort Gibson, escorted by four companies and two mountains howitzers, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, and a battalion (200 men) of the Thirteenth Kansas Infantry. A return train of 200 wagons arrived yesterday, escorted by five companies of the Sixth Kansas Cavalry, and one company of the Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry. I have issued the requisite orders to have this train refitted and prepared to move back on the 28th instant with the same escort, to which will be added the remaining battalion of the Thirteenth Kansas Infantry, and, if thought necessary, the remaining section or one gun of the Second Kansas Battery.

The bushwhackers made a raid last night to within 5 miles of this post, committing private depredations to a considerable extent. There appears to be a general rendezvous for these forces near the junction of the Marmiton with the Osage, North Vernon County, Missouri; and, in general, the western tier of counties in Missouri seems their regular run-way. I shall endeavor to have a small force of troops sent up to the locality indicated, to remain for a short time.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. Z. CURTIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 17, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 10th, inclosing one of the 8th to General Grant, is received.

Your views in regard to operations in Arkansas, agree mainly with those which I have expressed to General Grant, and I hope he has been

