HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Springfield, January 13, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Fayetteville:

Colonel Cloud, with Second Kansas, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and Rabb's battery,arrived at 8 a.m. to-day. Dispatch from Lebanon, dated January 12, states that Colonel Merrill, on his way to re-enforce this post, had fought two battles with the combined forces of Marmaduke and Porter, and Colonel Merrill had retired to Lebanon, the enemy retiring at the same time. Latest information is that Marmaduke is in the vicinity of Hartville. Colonel Cloud proposes to move on them, forming a junction with force at Lebanon.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Huntsville, January 13, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER,

Commanding First Division, Gluck [Lick?] Creek, Ark.:

COLONEL: You will please move with your first brigade and train to Carrollton with as little delay as practicable. Colonel Cloud's brigade will be ordered to move via Crane Creek and join you at some point east of here, to be determined hereafter. I will send him orders to that effect.

The Second Division will precede you on the road to Carrollton, leaving this place at 8 o'clock in the morning. Your train should be in advance of most of your troops, at least after passing this place, your rear guard consisting of the main body of your command.

Hindman is said to be still moving down the river, but he may attempt to play us a trick. Be on the alert. I will send a scout south in the morning, to return and join you some time during the day. I will precede Colonel Huston's column. Please inform him and me if at any time you need assistance. Look out for bushwhackers, and keep your train well guarded. There is no way of diminishing it until we reach Carrollton. You will find the roads extremely rough, and your march will necessarily be very slow. Take time enough, and forage your animals well. As you pass Huntsville, send a battalion of cavalry north to Berryville, and thence east to Carrollton, to await your arrival there, with instructions to inform you and me of any guerrilla movement on our left flank. The march to Carrollton will probably take you three days.

I send you a rough map and will send guides in the morning. If anything occurs to render it advisable to delay the movement, I will inform you in time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Helena, Ark., January 13, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: Mr. Brooks will deliver to you the papers and the persons of G. W. Baker and officers of the steamer Alhambra.

I was left here with 1,000 cavalry and the Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry,

