
armed. The man we saw yesterday was a scout from his camp, who went back this morning. Price is at Jacksonport; no rumors of his strength. The First Missouri moves at daylight to-morrow to Gainesville, and, as that is some 34 miles from here, I would suggest the propriety of my moving forward the next day, so as to get within supporting distance of them. From all I can learn of the movements and position of the enemy, I would suggest to the general that the intended reconnaissance to Pocahontas will scarcely be necessary, as it does not seem probable that there are any forces at or in that vicinity, as it does not seem probable that there are any forces at or in that vicinity. One of Glenn's scouts captured the man from Bloomfield, who was in Kitchen's camp, and recognized the two men sent down to join Kitchen. I sent him back by the same party who takes this, to be taken back to Bloomfield, unless the general should otherwise order.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS MERRILL,

Colonel, Commanding 1st Brigadier, 1st Cav. Div., Dept. of the Missouri.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 195. Saint Louis, Mo., July 19, 1863.

* * * * *

VIII. That portion of the present District of Nebraska which lies west of the 104th meridian of longitude, being that part of the Territory of Idaho which formerly belonged to the Territory of Nebraska, is hereby transferred to the District of Colorado.

Commanding officers in that portion of territory above described will accordingly report to Colonel Chivington, commanding District of Colorado, headquarters at Denver City.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, July 20, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have received and read your letter of the 14th of July.

I think the suggestion you make, of discontinuing proceedings against Mr. McKee, a very proper one. While I admit that there is an apparent impropriety in the publication of the letter mentioned, without my consent or yours, it is still a case where no evil could result, and which I am entirely willing to overlook.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI, Numbers 1. Pilot Knob, July 20, 1863.

In obedience to orders from Major-General Schofield, the undersigned assumes command of the District of Southeastern Missouri. Captain George A. Holloway,assistant adjutant-general,and Lieutenant Jacob S. Baker, aide-de-camp, are announced as staff officers.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

