
WASHINGTON, D. C., July 20, 1863.

Major-General POPE, Milwaukee:

GENERAL: Your letter of July 13, in regard to Mr. Hatch, has been referred to the Secretary of War. I have no information in regard to authority given to that gentleman, as no such authority has been communicated to me. I agree with you that such matters should be communicated through, or at least to, the proper military authorities.

Your request of the 16th to send into Iowa and Wisconsin four regiment of infantry and batteries from the armies in the field cannot be complied with. The troops in your department cannot be increased except under the most pressing necessity. The number of troops operating against the Indians in your and other departments is now double that of our entire army before the present war. I must repeat the opinion before given, that so large a force is not indispensable, and that, if you find it necessary to employ force in Iowa and Wisconsin, such force must come from your own command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

VICKSBURG, MISS., July 21, 1863.

(Received July 26.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I am sending one division from here to Helena to move after General Price. These are all the troops I have, not worn out with fatigue. Troops from Jackson not yet returned. I will send other troops to Helena to release that entire garrison to go after Price.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, Miss., July 21, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Sherman has driven Johnston from Jackson. The latter is now retreating eastward, with his whole army,much demoralized and deserting in great numbers, and no doubt many falling by the wayside from heat, dust, and drought.

My army, from long marches, battles, and the extraordinary length of the siege, is much broken, and must have rest. Two divisions of the Sixteenth Corps are now at Jackson; the remaining one (Kimball's) is here, and is, in fact, the only troops I have fit to make a move. These I have ordered to be in readiness to go to Helena as soon as transportation can be provided. This, I think, will be within two days. Johnston's army is so broken that no danger need be apprehended from them for the next thirty days or more.

I shall, as soon as possible,send some odd regiments to you. They are weak, ineffective men, but will, no doubt, recuperate rapidly by the change. I am sending artillery from here to complete the armament at Helena, and can send as much as you want for Memphis. Captain Comstock, chief engineer, has now gone up to see just what is required for both places. I cannot believe that any portion of your command is in any danger from anything more than a cavalry raid, but your opportunities are so much better for knowing than mine that I leave it to you

