
latter will be able to do garrison duty in Tennessee, and release other troops that are fully rested to join the expedition after Price. Unless Ord chooses to go on this expedition himself in person. I think I shall add the District of Northeastern Arkansas to your corps and leave it optional with you who shall command. I will send you an officer to command the District of Columbus, but cannot say just yet who it will be. I would send General Smith (W. S.), but his health is so broken that he must go North. How would Hovey or Morgan L. Smith do?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., July 22, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: Yours of the 15th instant received. The dispatch from Major-General Halleck, of the 15th, directing movements against Price, was received on the night of the 17th instant, and forwarded at once to General Grant. When General Halleck issued the order he was, of course, unadvised of the fact that our effective strength at this post numbered only about 3,000 men,merely enough to hold the place, while General Price had a force of 9,000 to 12,000. I wrote General Grant, giving all the information in my possession, and recommended an expedition by gunboats up White River, with infantry on transports to co-operate with cavalry, and infantry to march from this place. I am expecting advice from General Grant by first boat. I will still try and communicate with your troops as early as possible. Our latest information represents Price at Jacksonport, sic; his troops at that place and Des Arc. Holmes at Little Rock, with not over 10,000 men. We have abundance of transportation, and to spare.

I will write you whenever I learn anything worthy of attention.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON, Bloomfield:

I have heard nothing yet of the movement which was ordered from Helena, and suspect it has not yet commenced. You will have to move cautiously until co-operation from Helena is secured, unless your information indicates that you are strong enough to act alone. Do not run any unnecessary risk.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI,Pilot Knob, Mo., July 22, 1863.

Colonel ROGERS,

Commanding Post at Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

I should say, garrison Cape Girardeau and Bloomfield with your regiment, and send the Sixth Missouri and Thirteenth Illinois to Chalk

