
here to enforce martial law in Johnson County, to protect the lives of our brothers? I will add, that all the matters discussed in your letter were talked over by us on the day martial law was declared, when you expressed yourself satisfied with my policy, although you did not wish to embody my policy in your orders. I left you with the understanding that all detectives were to be withdrawn from the city, except George Kingsley. I offered you the aid of the whole police force to enforce your orders, and to my surprise you declared martial law the same day without consulting me. I do not claim that you ought to consult me, but I do claim that you ought rather to have consulted me than the parties you did. I feel that you did not talk to me in that frank, candid manner which my position demanded. I was grossly deceived as to the tenor of our conversation. I thought we agreed exactly, and so stated to our citizens after leaving you.

I think your order has materially injured our city. Our citizens are almost unanimously opposed to it. I have to say that our people prefer to have their rights to property settled by a jury of our citizens, rather than by the best detectives or provost-marshals you can appoint. I need hardly say our city is the most loyal in the United States. The civil law is strong enough to enforce conscription laws and all. In New York a mob of 30,000 rebels break into an arsenal, arm themselves, and kill United States soldiers, and martial law is not proclaimed. You declare martial law here to prevent trial by jury. Is not this a fair statement of the case? Will you revoke your order?

I am, dear sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. R. ANTHONY,

Mayor.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Scott, Kans., July 22, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Cooper retreated in the direction of Fort Smith, where are Steele and Cabell, with heavy re-enforcements in men and artillery.

Colonel Moonlight says:

General Blunt is quite sick; has been in the saddle forty-eight hours; was sick at starting, and is now prostrate. I fear he is going to be very sick.

The general says:

If I had more troops, I should be in fort Smith in twenty-four hours, and get in between the enemy and their supplies, which all come from Texas. As it is, I fear it will be impossible to cut their supplies off.

I think the importance of moving re-enforcements in his direction is great.

Respectfully,

H. Z. CURTIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, D. C., July 23, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, MO.:

SIR: The communication of Major L. C. Easton, quartermaster, under date of June 18, 1863, addressed to Brigadier General Robert Allen, chief

