
for orders. In fact, I think it will be best to add all territory in the department as far south as the Arkansas River to the Sixteenth Army Corps. You may give directions accordingly.

Telegraph directly to Washington the number of troops you can send after Price and whatever of the orders you give them you deem necessary. I do not know anything of Kimball's merits as a commander, and have no officer here senior to him to send in his stead. Steele would probably be the best man, but he is not here, and cannot well be spared. I will, however, see Sherman by to-morrow night, and, if Steele can be got, will send him up at once. I send two batteries from here with Kimball; more could be sent, but I doubt the necessity for it. If you deem more necessary, send them, and I will replace all you send from here.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., July 24, 1863.

Colonel J. M. JOHNSON,

Commanding, Cassville:

Captain Palmer, bearer of flag of truce, will be brought alone to within 4 miles of Springfield, on the Cassville road, under strict guard, and there delivered to the officer appointed to receive him. During his trip to this post his guard and attendants will be detained where they now are, under the strictest surveillance, and allowed to communicate with no one except the officers in charge. They will be hospitably treated, but strictly guarded. This caution is rendered necessary by the frequent abuse of flags of truce.

[JOHN McNEIL,]

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEW MADRID, MO., July 25, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: My own men are at work in the swamps, doing what I conceive to be unnecessary labor, and at the expense, probably, of one-third of our strength. The swamp is 13 miles wide, and is swimming deep for a horse most of the way.

Osceola is 90 miles below us, and is below the swamp region. A garrison there might be able to furnish any column passing south or southwest with escort enough for supplies.

General Asboth has not returned my troops, although I have asked for them, to enable me to comply with General Davidson's order to put "1,000 men on the road."

I have unspiked one 12-pounder siege gun, spiked by General Davies' order, and have sent to the other shore for three more 24's, said to be in the woods. I am repairing half-destroyed gun-carriages and altering 32's to 24's. The fort is in formidable trim as it is. With our nine platforms filled, we could defy a large force.

I have had to suspend operations on our outer works, having but 92 effective men here.

