
of 150 killed, 400 wounded,and 60 prisoners, 1 piece of artillery, 1 stand of colors, and 200 stand of arms; also the destruction of a portion of their train and all their commissary depots and supplies, and with a comparatively small loss on my side, only 17 killed and 70 wounded. This is "irregularity" Numbers 2. I believe General Schofield has been guilty of no such "irregularities" since he has been in the service. In crossing the Arkansas River on the night of the 16th instant, I had the misfortune to lose a mule-team, by drowning, that belonged to the Government; for this I suppose a stoppage will be made against my pay; but as I entered the army a private and not for pay, and have a little property I earned before the war, I can afford to pay for the team.

I know full well the sources and motives of all these persecutions. It is a combination composed of traitors, Government peculators, and Copperheads.

Among the former class are Major Easton, and Captain J. P. Ray, quartermaster and commissary at Fort Leavenworth. Baser traitors than they do not exist within Jeff. Davis' dominions, and they would be there to-day were it not that there is more value in greenbacks than Confederate notes.

Among the second class are Thomas Carney, Governor of Kansas, and Colonel Coffin, Superintendent of Indian Affairs. Two greater thieves do not live. Their wholesale robbery of those poor, unfortunate refugee Indians is so gross and outrageous that their names are a stench in the nostrils of every loyal Indian-man, woman,and child. They knew that I was on their track; hence their efforts to get rid of me in some way.

Of the latter class are all the pro-slavery demagogues of Missouri and Kansas, who hate me cordially, because I have no affinity for rebels. I am satisfied that there has been a determined purpose to sacrifice this command by withholding troops for the purpose of sacrificing and getting rid of me. I have borne their insults and abuse as long as could be reasonably expected, and I think it no more than justice that the President should grant me a court of inquiry, that my accusers may meet me face to face and prove the "irregularities and abuses." I understand that Governor Carney took charges against me to Washington and forgot to present them. I have written to Carney to-day, demanding that he shall lay the charges before the President without delay.

I laid aside all personal feeling, and came here to take a colonel's command, because the public good required it; but the present crisis is past, and justice to myself would require that I should refuse to take the field again until I have a command that I am entitled to, and until the charges against me have been investigated; but my private grievances shall not interfere with the public service. If required, I will take command of 500 negroes, and when I am relieved from the service, as I hope to be at some time, then these base calumniators shall be called to an account.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 26, 1863.

Brigadier-General McNEIL, Springfield:

General Blunt attacked and defeated Cooper below Fort Gibson on the 17th instant. Cooper retreated in direction of Fort Smith, where it is expected he will re-enforced by the remainder of the troops under the rebel General Steele. Your advance under Colonel Cloud will probably be able to penetrate nearly, if not quite, to the Arkansas River,

