
three months, when the White River is not navigable, by land carriage from Helena to Devall's Bluff, and from there by railroad. Besides this, for more than six months of the year, the Arkansas River is navigable above Little Rock. This railroad, from Devall's Bluff to Little Rock, is through a prairie country; it is built in almost a straight line, with but a few bridges,and those over inconsiderable streams. It can be very easily kept in running order.

The Post of Arkansas having been taken, and the rebel force captured, there is now no considerable rebel force north of the Arkansas River.

With a little effort on the part of the Government, the lines of our army can be extended to the Arkansas River, and that line can be easily maintained. Should the railroad not be taken possession of,and kept up as a military road to Little Rock, it is feared that the Confederates will return to the north side of the Arkansas River and make raids into the State of Missouri. The Military Governor is at present sick at Saint Louis.

I am, sir, with respect, your obedient servant,

AMOS. F. ENO,

Secretary pro tem. of Arkansas, and Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 6. Saint Louis, MO., January 13, 1863.

I. Brigadier General J. M. Schofield, commanding Army of the Frontier, is relieved from command of the District of Southwestern Missouri, to date from the 10th November, at which time it was turned over to, and until further orders will remain under, Brigadier General E. B. Brown, Missouri State Militia.

* * * * * *

III. The Eighth and Ninth Districts (Western Arkansas and the Indian Territory) will, until further orders, be under the command of Colonel Phillips, Third Regiment Indian Brigade.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. STATE OF MO., ADJT. GENERAL 'S OFFICE Numbers 4. Saint Louis, January 13, 1863.

I. Provision having been made by the United States authorities for the supply of subsistence and forage to the Enrolled Militia of Missouri when in active service, you are, therefore, ordered to suspend at once all assessments made within the limits of your command for the support of the Enrolled Militia.

II. The Enrolled Missouri Militia, when in actual service, by order of competent authority, will draw their supplies from the nearest United States post.

By order of the commander-in-chief:

WM. D. WOOD,Acting Adjutant-General.

