
and protect General Blunt from any movement of the enemy toward Fort Gibson, on the north side of the river. At last accounts General Blunt was south of the river, moving toward Fort Smith.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., July 26, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I inclose you, at the earnest request of Colonel Leavenworth, who had command, under an order from Headquarters District of Kansas of troops on the Santa Fe road, two letters sent, to illustrate his embarrassment. He is at Fort Larned, with one company of cavalry, one of infantry and one section of artillery, showing a total for duty on 10th of July of 147 men. This is enough for an average garrison at that post or nearly enough. At this time, however, there is an unusually large gathering of the Indians (Kiowas, Comanches, Arapahoes, Cheyennes,and Prairie Apaches), who are friendly or not as occasion prompts, and numbering 4,000 to 5,000 lodges. They come up yearly at this season with the buffalo that cross the Arkansas in their migrations near Larned, partly to kill buffalo and partly to receive their annual presents.

About ten days ago an Indian was killed by a sentinel, at which the Indians were fierce and indignant and threatening. There is no doubt the garrison was then in some danger, and it may perhaps be so still, but it would not be possible for me to send it re-enforcements now, unless it were in imminent peril, for the bands of guerrillas are receiving such accessions from Price's broken army that I shall have my hands full, or more than full, with them.

I respectfully invite your attention to Colonel Leavenworth's suggestion that a portion of the troops in Central and Northern Colorado be sent on the road, and that the whole road, from Council Grove to the Raton Mountains, be placed under one management and command.

In addition to the troops named above as at Larned, there is one company of cavalry guarding the line from Council Grove to Cow Creek, and one company of cavalry and one section of artillery at Lyon. I think one more company of cavalry at Fort Lyon and one more at Fort Larned will be a sufficient addition to the force now on the road. Three companies more would certainly be enough.

There have been some interferences by Indians with trains, occasioning some uneasiness, but not alarm, among the traders, which a small addition of troops would hereafter prevent, and which probably will not recur with present force, as they were occasioned by carelessness of the wagon-master in letting the Indians have whisky.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosures.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT TROOPS,On Santa Fe Road, July 15, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

District of the Border, Kansas City, Mo.:

SIR: On the morning of the 9th instant, a sentinel on post at this fort shot and killed an Indian. It was about 1 a.m. As we were surrounded

