SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 204. Vicksburg, Miss., July 28, 1863.

I. Major General C. C. Washburn, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person to Major General E. O. C. Ord, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, for duty.

II. The Fourth Division of the Sixteenth Army Corps is hereby transferred to and will hereafter constitute a part of the Thirteenth Army Corps, and will report accordingly.

III. The division commanded by Brigadier General W. S. Smith, and known as the First Division of the Sixteenth Army Corps, is hereby transferred to and will hereafter constitute a part of the Fifteenth Army Corps.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[T. S. BOWERS,]

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, July 28, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington:

General Grant has sent Kimball's division of this [Sixteenth] corps, to Helena, for the White River expedition in rear of Price. He has also annexed all Arkansas north of Arkansas River to this corps, and charged me with the direction of the movement. I am ready to co-operate with General Schofield, with 6,000 men, as soon as I learn his plan of campaign. The trip into Arkansas at present temperature and over a wasted country will be very oppressive, and there will be much difficulty in maintaining supplies. I desire to receive explicit directions as early as possible. I shall have to look to Schofield for cavalry.

S. A. HURLBUT,Major-General.

MEMPHIS, July 28, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Kimball's division (6,000 infantry) with three field batteries, is now or will be in a day or two, at Helena, ready to move up on the rear of Price and co-operate with you. As I am ordered by General Grant to organize this movement, I wish at once to know your plan and probable-course of operation and means of supply. If you desire, will come to Cairo at any time and meet you, to organize the necessary combinations. I dread results of a march through that desolated country at this season, especially as I have no certain knowledge where Price's force is to be found.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS, Helena, Ark., July 28, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: Captain Jenks, from General Davidson's command, reached me this morning at 1 o'clock, having left the general on the 25th instant at Greensborough. His dispatches to me were destroyed,

