
for fear they would fall into the hands of the enemy. I have sent a steamer to Madison with ten days' rations for the entire command. Forces are arriving from below, designed, I suppose, to co-operate with General Davidson. Two thousand are now here. General Kimball,with the remainder of his division, will be here to-day.

I am informed that a fleet of gunboats is now at the mouth of White River,and intended for a movement up that stream. I will try and keep you advised of any movements of interest.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 75. Saint Louis, Mo., July 29, 1863.

The act of Congress approved March 3, 1863, prohibits all officers or persons in the military service of the United States from employing ay of the forces under their command of the purpose or returning fugitives from service or labor.

To prevent misapprehension as to the scope of this prohibition, it is hereby declared to extend to all troops in this department, including the Enrolled Militia of Missouri, in active service. The latter being under the command of the major-general commanding the department, cannot be permitted to aid civil officers in the arrest or return of fugitive slaves.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY 						CORPS,

No. 100. Memphis, Tenn., July 29, 1863.

I. Pursuant to instructions from Major General U. S. Grant, commanding Department of the Tennessee,* so much of that department as lies north of the Arkansas River is included in the Sixteenth Army Corps.

II. The commanding officer of the District of Northeastern Arkansas will report immediately to these headquarters, fully and particularly, by regiments, detachments, and batteries, the precise state of his command.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 30, 1863-3 p.m.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis, Tenn.:

Communicate with General Schofield, at Saint Louis, in regard to his plan of campaign. General Davidson, with a large cavalry force, was moving south, to co-operate with the troops from Helena. The main object is to break up Price and occupy Little Rock.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

---------------

*See Grant to Hurlbut, July 24,p.394.

---------------

