
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 30, 1863-6.35 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Hurlbut has been placed in command of a column of 6,000 men, to move from Helena against Price. The force which you may send down will unite with Hurlbut's corps, and be temporarily under his command. Telegraph to him your plans and how you can best co-operate.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MEMPHIS, July 30, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

I sent you telegrams received from General Davidson. I informed you that General Grant had added so much of his department in Arkansas as lies north of the river to this corps. The boundaries I cannot learn. Of course, I do not mean to interfere with your troops. I hold the infantry at Helena waiting orders, and shall probably send Major-General Prentiss in charge of the expedition. If you consider Davidson's force alone sufficient, Prentiss will move on a different line. If they move together, Prentiss will, of course, command.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 30, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Your dispatch of the 28th is received. My cavalry (about 5,000 strong) is now moving against Price from Southeastern Missouri. I have not heard from it for several days, and to not know how far it has advanced now where Price is. The infantry should move from Helena to Des Arc. on White River, and be met there by transports with supplies, under convoy of gunboats. I presume the line of operations from Des Arc will be to Little Rock. I do not believe Price will give battle north of Little Rock. I will send down teams enough to supply the command from Helena to Des Arc, and until communication can be established by White River. My cavalry division, under General Davidson, will, probably, join the infantry at Des Arc. I would like to see you personally on the subject and will meet you, as you suggest, at Cairo. Please inform me when you will be there.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., July 30, 1863.

Major General B. M. PRENTISS,

Commanding District of Eastern Arkansas, Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: You will at once proceed to open communication with Brigadier General J. W. Davidson, now at Wittsburg. You will take such force as you consider necessary always leaving sufficient garrison at

