HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Post Arkansas, January 14, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you of our entire success on January 11, 1863, at this post. After three and one-half hours' fighting the works of the enemy were stormed, and the entire garrison, 5,000 men (killed and wounded not included), fell into our hands, together with all the material of war, comprising large quantities of quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance stores. Most of the ordnance stores captured by the enemy on board the Blue Wing have been recaptured. This success, in itself, will serve as a diversion in favor of your columns, moving under Gorman, Schofield,and Davidson, and others of your commanders, upon the enemy's positions upon and near the line of the Arkansas River. If the river will allow within two or three days, I will ascend with my command to Little Rock, and reduce that place. It is doubtful, however, whether the stage of water will allow it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 14, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The President's attention having been called to the recent order of your provost-marshal in Saint Louis, published in the newspapers,* it is disapproved by him, and he directs:

1st. That the order be suspended.

2. That all orders of provost-marshals in the State of Missouri respecting trade, commerce, or anything but the discipline and government of the troops in the United States service be also suspended,and the provost-marshals be relieved from service in such capacity, excepting Saint Louis.

Further instructions on this subject will be transmitted by mail.

You will please acknowledge the receipt of this telegram.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 15, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The Secretary of War directs that no person be permitted to exercise the powers of provost-marshal in Missouri, except at military posts, and then only in regard to military offenses. No one, unless he be a military officer in the service of the United States, can act as provost-marshal, unless appointed by the War Department.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 35, December 24, 1862, Part I, p. 868.

---------------

