
Helena, and move them, by boat or otherwise, to Clarendon, on White River, from thence determining your point of attack on Little Rock or Jacksonport, as you consider advisable. Price is reported at Little Rock; Marmaduke at Jacksonport.

If the Arkansas is navigable and likely to remain so, you will move your force by that river as high as you can safely proceed, and order General Davidson to join you. In either event, you will establish a depot; if on White River, at the point of Clarendon; if on the Arkansas, at the highest point of probable navigation. If transportation by water is short, you will move by land, sending your depot supplies by water.

See to it that you have abundant supplies of ammunition suitable to your several arms of service. You may either take command of the movement yourself or send General Kimball. I would prefer you taking command. With Davidson's cavalry and your own artillery and infantry, you are very much an overmatch for anything you can meet. Cut off extra baggage without remorse, and load with nothing but necessaries.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

P. S.- Call on the Navy Department for gunboat protection.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General EWING, Kansas City:

General Brown reports a concentration of rebels in Saline County, under Jackman and Quantrill. General Brown wishes you to send a force from Lexington to co-operate with Major [G. W.] Kelly, at Marshall. Please do so, if practicable.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 30, 1863.

General DAVIDSON,

In the Field, via Bloomfield:

The division of infantry and artillery which is to co-operate with you has been ordered up from Vicksburg, and is probably now at Helena. It may be some time yet before it will start for Des Arc. If price is at or near Jacksonport, as reported, in force, you will probably have to remain north of that place until the movement from Helena compels him to retreat. If Price has retreated, you may be able to move forward to Des Arc and open communication with Helena without waiting for the advance of the infantry. Do not let the enemy's cavalry get in your rear. Colonel Harding reports it impossible to open the road across the swamp in any reasonable time, and, I believe, has abandoned the attempt. If you fail to connect with Helena, you will have to draw supplies from Bloomfield. How is it that I hear nothing from your? I have not heard a word since you left Bloomfield.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

