
SAINT LOUIS, August 1, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Memphis, Tenn.:

Your dispatch of the 30th is received. If it is true that Marmaduke is still at Jacksonport with his cavalry, General Davidson should move against him without delay; otherwise Marmaduke will be free to make a raid into Missouri. Davidson is strong enough to cope with all the rebel cavalry in Arkansas.

General Prentiss, I presume will move, via Clarendon or Des Arc, against Price, who is said to be near Little Rock.

I will order General Davidson to report to General Prentiss as soon as the enemy's movements shall render it advisable for them to act together.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

CAMP NEAR L'ANGUILLE RIVER, Crowley's Ridge, Ark., August 1, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

SIR: I have moved this far on a plan of operations adopted by General Schofield, commanding Department of the Missouri, and shall now proceed to White River, to throw a bridge across at Clarendon. I ask the co-operation. I have six thousand sabers. My latest information is that Marmaduke's cavalry is near Jacksonport, across the river; that Price's infantry division is part at Searcy and part at Des Arc; that Homes is at Little Rock, with but few troops, and that the rebels are preparing to move into Texas. I think they should be pursued with rapidity. I don't know whether I come under your orders or not. If I do, if I cannot command the expedition by reason of rank, at least give me the advance.

I am, most respectfully, yours,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., August 1, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of Tennessee:

GENERAL: Major-General Steele has reported to me from Helena. I have directed him to take all the effective force of Kimball's division and 2,000 men from Helena garrison, open communications with Davidson,now at Madison, and establish a junction at Clarendon; thence to move on Little Rock, where Price is reported to be. Marmaduke is at Jacksonport. I have also directed him to establish a temporary depot of supplies at Clarendon, to which access is easy by White River, and, if the Arkansas is navigable at this time, to seize another point on that river below Little Rock for a second depot. The country from Helena to Clarendon is reported to be utterly desolate and exceedingly dry. I have directed General Steele to ascertain if it be practicable by land; and, if so, to march the troops and send supplies, &amp;c., round by the

