
river. Upon uniting at Clarendon, the force will be over 10,000 men, 5,000 of whom will be mounted - more than enough to meet the entire force in Arkansas.

I think the occupation of Little Rock will be simply a question of marching and the holding of it merely a question of supplies. It is evidently the intention of the General-in-Chief to hold the line of the Arkansas River, which again depends upon the water.

I take this occasion to remind you that several important court-marshal [records] are in your hands, and to ask their return.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., August 1, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Major Kelly has had a fight with the guerrillas in Saline County, and driven them about 5 miles. There are about 500 in all; but a junction has been prevented between those that crossed the Missouri River and the force on this side. General Ewing should send a force southeast from Lexington. Kelly is still in pursuit. The movement of the enemy is of some importance.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS.4TH MILITARY DIST., ENROLLED MISSOURI MILITIA, Springfield, Mo., August 2, 1863.

Captain C. G. LAURANT,Assistant Adjutant-General, Springfield, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report for the information of the general commanding the District of Southwestern Missouri. Scouts sent to Arkansas by Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, commanding Second Battalion Sixth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, at Ozark, Mo., make the following report:

There are about 350 men, with four pieces of artillery, on Bennett's Bayou, Fulton County, Arkansas; also that they are expecting the rebel colonels Freeman and Coleman, with 300 men and one piece of artillery, to join them, and that the indications are they will move soon, rumors in camp and vicinity say in this direction.

The enemy are informed that there are but 6,000 troops in Missouri, and only a small portion of them in Southwestern Missouri; hence they say they can make a successful raid into this country. They have sent of Marshfield and Lebanon, the others farther west. They report in their camp that Marmaduke, with 12,000 men, is at Batesville, intending to make a raid in the direction of Cape Girardeau, while another force is in direction.

Colonel Jones writes that his scouts are reliable men, of some intelligence,and thinks their reports with regard to the force on Bennett's Bayou are correct, but does not rely much on the Batesville rumor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. SHEPPARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

