
announcing that there is a force of gunboats at the mouth of White River, in readiness to co-operate with the army.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. W. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy.

[Inclosure.]

VICKSBURG, July 22, via CAIRO, July 30, 1863.

HONORABLE GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

A force of gunboats is at the mouth of the White River, in readiness to co-operate with the army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

CAMP NEAR MARIANNA, L'anguille River, Arkansas, August 4, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I wrote you some days ago that I was here with a force of 6,000 cavalry, in pursuance of a plan approved thus far by General Schofield. I am on my way to White River to throw a bridge across at Clarendon, and hope I am doing right. You should know the character of my force. I have three batteries, and my regiments are dragoons, taught by me to use the carbine dismounted when necessary, and after a march of 300 miles from Pilot Knob to this point are better fitted - men, horses,and transportation - to strike the enemy than when they started.

I am in an anomalous position here. The commander of the Northeastern District of Arkansas is my junior, and the troops in the district are ordered to report to General Hurlbut. May I not have some infantry and be pushed to Little Rock before Kirby Smith can join Holmes and Price? I believe they are trying to get into Texas, unless they fight in Arkansas, possibly into Mexico. They are said by the people of the country to have much stock and negroes with them.

I am,general, most truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., August 4, 1863.

Major-General STEELE,Commanding Expedition, Helena, Ark.:

GENERAL: I send you dispatches received from Schofield for Davidson. You perceive by these that Davidson has not fulfilled his purpose. I am informed that Price is in person at Des Arc, and that Holmes is in Little Rock. I also inclose copy of dispatch from General Halleck.* I have forward these dispatches, overland, to Davidson. He may not get them. You had best send copy to him from Helena.

---------------

*Not found; but see Halleck to Hurlbut, July 30, p.408.

---------------

