
I wish you to move, as soon as practicable, to Clarendon or Des Arc, an be in supporting distance of Davidson. I go up to Cairo to-night to meet Schofield. Shall return as soon as possible. I also inclose letters from Lieutenant-Commander Phelps, U. S. Navy.* I am a little apprehensive that Davidson will succeed in getting into a scrape, and either be attacked or allow Price to run by him into Missouri.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS EXPEDITION, No. 2. Helena, Ark., August 4, 1863.

I. Brigadier General Nathan Kimball, commanding Provisional Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, is relieved from the command thereof to enable him to comply with Special Orders, No. 174, current series, from headquarters of the corps.

II. Colonel William [E.] McLean, Forty-third Indiana Infantry Volunteers, is designated to relieve General Kimball in the command of the Provisional Division, and will enter upon his duties without delay.

[By order of Major General F. Steele:

J. W. PADDOCK,]

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., August 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON, In the Field:

I send you dispatches received from above. My information is that Price was, four days since, at Des Arc. Major-General Steele will move from Helena, with infantry, to Clarendon or Des Arc. It appears to me you are in the wrong place, and should have struck Jacksonport on your way down. Your officers who brought dispatches form you went off, singularly, without reply. Communicate at once with Steele, and inform him of your movements, that there may be some unity of action.

Your obedient servant,S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, August 4, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The operator informs me that my reply to your dispatch of the 28th was not received. Hence it is repeated to-day. General Grant informs me that General Steele will command the expedition from Helena, under your directions. General Steele is perfectly familiar with the country, and my troops, under General Davidson, having arrived at Wittsburg, where you can readily communicate with them, it may not be necessary for us to above a personal interview. If, however, you desire it, I will gladly meet you at Cairo.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

