
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 79. Saint Louis, Mo., August 4, 1863.

The following instructions from the War Department are published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., July 29, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 10th instant, in relation to the appointment of offices of Arkansas troops. In reply, I am directed to inform you that the appointments will be made by this Department, upon the recommendation of the general commanding the department in which the troops are serving. No officer will enter upon duty until the recommendation has been approved and notification of the same received.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

II. Officers now serving in Arkansas regiments, companies, or batteries, and who have not received official notification of their appointments by the War Department, or of the approval by the War Department of their appointments, will not be considered in service until such appointment shall be made. Rosters of the offices of all such regiments, companies, and batteries, certified and approved by their commanders, and all intermediate commanders, will be sent without delay to these headquarters.

III. All persons in this department, having authority from any source to raise Arkansas troops, will send without delay to these headquarters certified copies of such authority, together with a full report of the progress made in recruiting and organizing troops.

Until such authority shall be received at department headquarters and approved, it will not be regarded as valid.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HELENA, ARK.,

No. 1. August 5, 1863.

Pursuant to Special Orders, No. 203, Headquarters Department of the Tennessee, dated Vicksburg, Miss., July 27, 1863, the undersigned hereby assumes command of "the Army to take the Field from Helena, Ark."

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS EXPEDITION, No. 2. Helena, Ark., August 5, 1863.

I. By authority from Headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, the Arkansas expedition will be composed of the following named troops:

First Division.- The cavalry force, under command of Brigadier General J. W. Davidson.

Second Division.- Forty-third Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Sixty-first Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and sixth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Twelfth Regiment Michigan Volunteer Infantry, Eighteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and twenty-sixth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Fifty-fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Twenty-second Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Twenty-seventh Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer

