
Infantry, Third Regiment Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, Fortieth Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry, Colonel William E. McLean, Forty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry, commanding.

Third Division.- Thirty-third Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry, Twenty-ninth Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry, Thirty-sixth Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry, Forty-third Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Twenty-eighth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, Seventy-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Samuel A. Rice, Thirty-third Iowa Volunteer Infantry, commanding.

Each division will be divided into two brigades, by division commanders, and the names of brigade commanders reported to these headquarters without delay.

II. The Fifth Kansas and First Indiana Cavalry Regiment will constitute a brigade, under Colonel Powell Clayton, Fifth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

III. The field artillery (four batteries) will be massed under the senior officer as chief. All reports and returns will be transmitted through him. Batteries will be assigned to brigades for service by orders from these headquarters.

IV. Five wagons for transportation and one for ammunition will be allowed to each regiment containing over 400 strong; to each regiment under 400 strong, four wagons for transportation and one for ammunition; and to each battery, one battery wagon, one baggage wagon, and one wagon for extra ammunition. Each pioneer company will be allowed one wagon for the transportation of its implements. All brigade commanders will see that these companies are supplies with intrenching tools. All other transportation will be turned over to the chief quartermaster of the expedition, for the general supply train.

V. One hundred and sixty rounds of ammunition per man will be carried for the small-arms, 40 rounds in cartridge-boxes and the rest in ammunition wagons. For artillery, 400 rounds for each gun will be taken, 200 in ammunition chests and the rest in ammunition wagons.

VI. Five days' rations will be carried by each regiment, battery, and detachment, of which two days' rations will be taken in haversacks.

VII. The chief assistant quartermaster of the expedition will receive such land transportation as can be spared from the commands and from this post, for the transportation of supplies. He will also procure two light-draught steamers for the same purpose. He will use any surplus transportation there may be on hand for carrying forage.

VIII. The chief acting commissary of subsistence will procure sixty days' rations for the whole command, and turn them over to the assistant quartermaster for transportation.

IX. The whole command will be put in readiness for the expedition immediately. Great activity and energy on the part of commanders and staff officers will be required to effect this object.

X. Dr. James C. Whitehill, surgeon of volunteers, is hereby announced as acting medical director of the expedition. He will cause an inspection of the convalescents in each regiment to be made, and designate such as are unable to march but fit for guard duty upon the supply boats. These the regimental commanders will hold in readiness for that purpose. All others will be left, under suitable officers, in convalescent camp, in charge of the surplus baggage and camp and garrison equipage.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

J. W. PADDOCK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

28 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

