HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SAINT PAUL, August 5, 1863.

(Received August 5.)

Major General JOHN POPE:

General Sibley writes, July 21, that he has advanced 30 miles westward from his position of the 19th. Expected to reach Indian camp in four or five days. Little Crow's band is with this camp. The general says there is reason to believe that the Indian killed near Hutchinson, Minn., was Little Crow himself; he was absent with a war party, and no other Sioux was known to have withered arms and dispatch bones as described. General Sully not heard from.

S. MILLER,Colonel, Commanding.

CAIRO, August 6, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I forwarded your orders to General Davidson before I left. He has communicated with Steele, and sent his sick to Helena. It is not important that you should come down. Write fully to me your plans.* The Navy are ready to move up White River, and if [Price] does not push for our forces, will break him up. If he fells back on Little Rock he is surely destroyed. I return to-night.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

EN ROUTE TO WHITE RIVER, ARK., August 6, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I can now report to you that there are no rebel troops east of White River. As we moved down the ridge, they have successively evacuated Jacksonport and Des Arc,and Price's troops are now at Little Rock. Holmes is very sick there, and Price is in command. I have just heard from Colonel Wickersham, commanding Tenth Illinois and Third Missouri, whom I sent to Cotton Plant and Des Arc to cut off [L. M.] Walker's brigade. He will seize all means of transportation on the river, and float it down to Clarendon, where he joins me. I have sent to seize all transportation at Clarendon and Aberdeen. My division is in fine trim, after marching over 300 miles, and anxious to push across White River. If the rebels fight his side of Arkansas, it will probably be at Bayou Meto. They should be struck before they can make themselves strong. I hope to be across White River on a bridge before the 12th instant. I hope, in the absence of instructions, I am doing right to push ahead. I shall preserve this command in good condition,and have asked for gunboats to come up White River, and forage to be sent me, as it is short on the river.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Schofield to Hurlbut, August 6, Inclosure No. 9 to general report, Part I, p.22.

---------------

