HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, August 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General MARMADUKE, C. S. Army,Jacksonport, Ark.:

GENERAL: In returning to your lines your bearer of flag of truce, Captain John C. Moore, I desire to call your attention to his palpable and gross abuse of the privileges of a flag of truce. Instead of reporting at the nearest post after reaching our lines, he evaded all our posts, and came by unfrequented roads far within our lines,and was finally arrested by some of my troops. This conduct would fully justify me in detaining Captain Moore and his party as spies; but as I cannot believe that so base a prostitution of the sacred flag can have been been under your instructions,and as Captain Moore may have party to your lines. I wish it, however, to be distinctly understood that hereafter I shall punish, in accordance with the usages of war, all persons who abuse the privileges of a flag of truce.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS EXPEDITION, No. 3. Helena, Ark., August 7, 1863.

The following are announced as the staff of the commanding general, namely: Captain Charles T. Scammon, Ninth Illinois Cavalry, aide-de-camp; Major J.w. Paddock,* assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant G. O. Sokalski, Second U. S. Cavalry, assistant inspector-general; Colonel F. H. Manter, Thirty-second Missouri Infantry, acting judge-advocate;Captain T. B. Hale, Thirty-sixth Iowa Infantry, chief assistant quartermaster; First Lieutenant William T. Allen, Fourth Iowa Cavalry, chief assistant commissary of subsistence; Major J. C. Whitehill, surgeon of volunteers, acting medical director, and Captain M. M. Hayden, Third Iowa Battery, chief of artillery.

By order Major General F. Steele:

J. W. PADDOCK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO, Denver, Colo. August 7, 1863.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to send the official report of Captain Allen, commanding Fort Halleck, of the recent skirmish with the Ute Indians near that post.+ On the receipt of a similar unofficial report from Captain Allen (and before I had received notice that the troops in that part of Idaho Territory were attached to this district), I ordered Major E. W. Wynkoop, First Colorado Cavalry, to proceed, with four companies of cavalry, to that country and recover, if possible, the stock they stole from the Overland Stage Company and others, and to chastise them if they refused to give them up. Major Wynkoop, with his command, proceeded, with forage and subsistence train to a point about 100 miles southwest of Fort Halleck. I started on the 17th,and

---------------

*Relieved by Lieutenant George O. Sokalski, August 12.

+See Part I, p.444.

---------------

