
overtook the command on the 24th of July, and on the 27th saw them packed with 56 mules and fifteen days' rations, taking 150 miles, with instructions to penetrate the country to the headwaters of Bear, White, and Snake Rivers, and deeming the state of affairs on the Arkansas River and other points in the district such as to require my attention, I returned to this place. Will in due time give a full report of the expedition.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding District.

[AUGUST 7, 1863.- For Pope to Roberts, in reference to the use of troops in execution of the laws, see Series III.]

MARSHFIELD, MO., August 8, 1863.

Captain C. G. LAURANT,

A. A. G., Dist of Southwestern Missouri, Springfield, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform the general commanding that I have received reliable information to the effect that a command of 400 rebels are in the vicinity of Big North Fort of White River, 15 miles south of White River, and 15 miles east of Talbot's Mill. They are under command of Colonel Burbridge, with four pieces of artillery (4-pounders). Schnable is also there. He took his command a few days ago and started for Springfield, Mo., to surrender himself and company, but Burbridge followed him and arrested his company (70 men), and put Schnable under guard. My informant was in their camp on the 4th instant. His name is Smith; he is a true, loyal men.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN COSGROVE,

Major Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER, Fort Scott, August 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General McNEIL, Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: At Major Blair's request, I write to inform you that my last news from General Blunt is to the 2nd instant. He was then at Fort Gibson, with 3,000 effective troops, ten pieces of field artillery, and six mountain howitzers. The enemy, under Steele, conspiring Cooper's and Cabell's forces, to the number of 11,000 with twelve pieces of artillery, and 4,000 with four pieces of artillery, under Baylor, reported between Red and Canadian Rivers, hastening up to join Steele, were holding position south of the Arkansas, not 10 miles from Gibson. General blunt proposed to cross and attack Steele, at what time he does not inform me. Rumor says it would be until the next train reaches him, that he might use the escort forces. This would not be until the 15th instant, however, and, if he is certain Baylor was coming up with re-enforcements, he would not wait.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

