
battery. He will be supplied with subsistence to-day, and a mustering officer goes to him to-morrow. I sent Colonel Catherwood, with five squadrons of cavalry and two mountain howitzers, in pursuit of Coffee yesterday, who as reported in the neighborhood of Pineville,at the same time recommending Colonel Cloud to move rapidly on Fayetteville and Bentonville, and cut off his retreat. I will re-enforce Colonel Catherwood with a battalion of the Eight Cavalry, and order him to join Colonel Cloud. This leaves me exposed to an advance of the enemy through the valley of White River, where I have only a few companies of Enrolled Militia. I must keep the small posts garrisoned for the protection of the people against guerrillas, who appear to be on the increase. A couple of good regiments would be of great service here. Horses not yet arrived for the First Arkansas Cavalry.

[JOHN McNEIL,]

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., August 10, 1863.

Major General JAMES G. BLUNT,Commanding District of the Frontier, Fort Scott, Kans.:

GENERAL: It is desired by the Department of the Interior to comply with the recent act of Congress "providing for the removal of the Indians from the State of Kansas," &amp;c. Complete and peaceful possession of the Indian Territory by our forces, however, is necessary to be obtained before this object can accomplished. I am, therefore, authorized by the War Department to add to your forces by putting into service such Kansas Indians as may be willing to enter the military service of the United States, and thus secure the possession of the Indian Territory.

You are hereby authorized to carry out the wishes of the Government by organizing these Indians into regiments and battalions as rapidly as possible, the officers to be appointed and commissioned,as heretofore, by the War Department, on your recommendation, forwarded through these headquarters; clothing and subsistence and other supplies to be furnished, as heretofore, on your requisitions. Your experience and success in such matter lead me to hope, general, a speedy and successful carrying out of the wishes of the Government in this important matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, August 10, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Cairo, Ill.:

GENERAL: Your letter from Cincinnati, dated August 5, relative to the organization of colored regiments in Arkansas, is received. I will forward your instructions to the officers commanding expeditions into Eastern and Western Arkansas, and direct that they be carried out promptly and fully.

Major-General Steele is commanding the expedition from Helena,

