
Rice will proceed by easy marches, building such brigade and making such repairs on the road as may be necessary to secure a good route for the transportation of supplies, &amp;c. On arriving at Clarendon, he will report to Brigadier General J. W. Davidson, and encamp his division on such ground as may be designated by General Davidson.

II. The supply train, in charge of Captain Carr, acting quartermaster, will accompany the Third Division and be protected by it.

III. The First Indiana Cavalry will proceed with its authorized baggage train and necessary supplies, and report on the 12th instant to the commanding officer of the Third Division, at the crossing on Big Creek.

IV. The Second Division, Colonel William E. McLean commanding, and the remainder of the cavalry brigade, under Colonel Clayton, will march on the 13th instant by the same route.

*		*		*		*		*		*

VI. No property will be taken from citizens without authority. Foraging parties will be organized by brigade commanders and placed in charge of commissioned officers, for the purpose of obtaining necessary supplies. Straggling, marauding, and setting buildings on fire positively forbidden. Any infraction of this order that may be detected will be summarily punished, and any officer who shall fail to notice such infraction, shall be deemed guilty of neglect of duty and dealt with accordingly. These measures are necessary for the sake of discipline, and as a matter of policy toward the people of Arkansas, whom we desire to bring back to their allegiance. The general commanding sincerely hopes that for the credit of the command and the reputation of the Government which we represent, both officers and men will view this in a proper light.

VII. Paragraph VI, of this order, will be published at the head of every company.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

J. W. PADDOCK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Clarendon, Ark., August 11, 1863.

[Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT:]

GENERAL: Your letter to me of the date of the 31st of July has just been received at this point.

In reply to the last paragraph of your letter, I beg to assure you that no minor considerations shall in any way interfere with a full co-operation of the two commands. Not only that, general, but the most cheerful and implicit obedience will be rendered to your orders and wishes and to whomsoever you may appoint to command the expedition.

I regret that my no going to Jacksonport does not meet with your approval. All my information,when I got, abreast of that point, led me to believe that Marmaduke was crossing to the west side of White River, and would be across before I could get to Jacksonport. The road over the Bayou de Val and the Cache River was in an almost impassable condition,and knowing that this cavalry was ultimately designed for co-operation with the expedition to Little Rock, I did not wish to impair it by any useless side operation, simply to make a report from

