
this place I have met with General Davidson's cavalry,who arrived here yesterday. I send dispatches to you from General Davidson by one of my officers. It is impossible to bridge the river at this point, the country being overflowed on the opposite bank.

Please let me know when your boats will be ready for convoy up the White. I shall make a reconnaissance farther up the river,with one boat, myself, to-morrow.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

G. M. BACHE,

Lieutenant-Commander.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS EXPEDITION, No. 6. Helena, Ark., August 11, 1863.

Pursuant to instructions from Headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, dated Memphis, August 10, 1863, the undersigned hereby assumes command of "all of Arkansas north of Arkansas River."

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., August 11, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your telegram of yesterday in regard to disposition of force to support General Blunt in Arkansas, which I answered after making such disposition, in accordance with your suggestions, as my means in hand would allow.

Colonel Catherwood, with one battalion of the Sixth Missouri State Militia and a squadron of the First Arkansas Cavalry, with two prairie howitzers at Rutledge, near Pineville. I at the same time directed Colonel Cloud to move from Cassville, via Bentonville and Fayetteville, to cut off Coffee's retreat. With rapidity of movement they can scarcely avoid coming in contact with him. I shall march Major Eno from with his entire battalion of the Eighth Missouri State Militia, directing Catherwood to join Cloud. I have forwarded Colonel Cloud's directions, in conformity with yours to me.

Burbridge is collecting his command on the Big North Fork of White River, 15 miles east of Talbot's Mill. He is from 400 to 500 strong, with four 4-pounder guns. This place is about 100 miles southeast of Springfield. He may be the advance of an expedition up the valley of the White River, or he may be working his way over, via Yellville and Fayetteville, to Steele and Cabell. I will feel of him with a strong scout of Enrolled Missouri Militia, and attack him with a dash as son as I find where I can do it with the best effect. I shall use a good force, with artillery, when I make this move.

Forage is scarce; has to be drawn sometimes from 60 to 100 miles, and subsistence trains have yet to have heavy guards. This, with the necessity of keeping so many small posts garrisoned, for the protection of loyal people, makes me poor in force for active service in the field. Two more good regiments could be well employed in this district. The

