
MEMPHIS, TENN., August 12, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

General Davidson is mistaken as to rebel troops east of White River. They have been hanging on his rear all the time,and probably captured all the dispatches sent him previous to his arrival at Clarendon.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., August 12, 1863.

Commanding Officer Saint Louis District:

GENERAL: Persons, formerly residents within your district who have been in the rebel army and who voluntarily return and surrender themselves, may be released, at your discretion, on the following terms, viz: In all cases they will required to take the usual oath of allegiance,with a full understanding that they assume all the obligations of loyal citizens,and are willing to discharge all their duties as such. In general, a suitable bond will be required for the faithful performance of the obligations assumed. You are authorized to make exceptions to this rule, when you deem the bond unnecessary,or when it is impracticable for the person to obtain it, provided you are satisfied the persons is sincere in his desire to become a loyal citizen. Persons to be released will be required to live within certain prescribed limits during the war. These limits may be to one or more counties in which their former homes are situated, provided the condition of those counties is such that they will be comparatively free from temptations to join rebel bands or commits acts of disloyalty, and the temper of the loyal people is such that they can be permitted to remain at home in peace.

In disturbed portions of the State, and where the temper of the people is such that acts of violence are likely to rise from the mingling of those who have been enemies with the loyal people, the peace of the State and the best interest of the returned rebels require that they be not permitted to return to their former homes. In such cases the released persons must be required to reside in some Northern State, or in some other portion of Missouri; but in no case will any such person be released with permission to go into another district without the consent of the commander of that district or of the department.

If the person who is to be released desires to live in another district, he will be sent on parole,or under guard, if though necessary or prudent, to the headquarters of the district in which he wishes to reside, or to Saint Louis, as may be most convenient, with orders to report to the district provost-marshal or to the provost-marshal-general, who will decide whether he shall be permitted to reside within said district or be sent out of the State.

Rebel soldiers who voluntarily surrender may be permitted to enlist in the United States service when the provost-marshal is satisfied of the honesty of their intentions. Much caution must be exercised in accepting such persons.

Prisoners of war belonging to the regularly organized rebel armies, or irregulars bands, will not be permitted to enlist in the United States service, except under special instructions in each case from these headquarters.

Prisoners of war cannot be released on oath and bond, or other similar terms, without orders from the War Department.

