
Prisoners released from military arrest are not thereby exempted from trial before civil tribunals for treason or violation of any State or United States laws.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Tipton, Mo., August 12, 1863.

Major JAMES RAINSFORD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, No. 123, I assumed command of Sub-District No. 2 on yesterday. A squadron of cavalry, Company M, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, arrived here to-day. One left Sedalia this morning for Versailles; will reach there to-morrow noon. There is a small band of 8 or 10 guerrillas prowling about here, which I hope soon to disperse. They robbed the passengers in the Boonville stage a few nights since of money, arms, and watches, but did not disturb the mail or coach.

I learned to-day from Colonel Weer, commanding at Boonville, that Cooper County was "infested considerably with jayhawkers from Saline and Boone Counties, the entire number being very uncertain." Can I not have a squadron or two of the Seventh to place there? Can make them much more useful. I think if Cooper is cleared of those bands, Morgan and Moniteau will free from them.

If the general consents to place or station a squadron of the Seventh at Boonville, I wold like very much indeed to have a short consultation with him in regard to the matter, as to the one, &amp;c., as I was there [last] summer and have a good idea what troops would be efficient, &c. Can I be permitted to make him a visit of a few hours on business? My compliments to the general.

Yours, very respectfully,T. T. CRITTENDEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry,

Commanding Second Sub-District.
HEADQUARTERS, Harrisonville, Mo., August 12, 1863.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Lexington, Mo.:

COLONEL: In compliance with orders from Headquarters District of the Border, I arrived at this place yesterday, and am now stationed here with my command. Company B, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry and Company I, Sixth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers, are also stationed here. One company of the Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry,and two companies of the Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry have just started from here to Napoleon, and one company of the Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry to Trading Post, 40 miles southwest from here. While on the march from Germantown, day before yesterday, Company H, my advance, came in collision with a squad of bushwhackers at Dayton, 15 miles south of Harrisonville,and a brisk skirmish ensued, in which 2 bushwhackers [were killed] and 1 severely wounded. Our boys came through unscathed, although they charged upon a barn where the rebels took shelter, and drove the rebels from it. The horse of Sergeant Meek, Company H, received three wounds,

