
and one other of our horses was slightly wounded. We captured 3 horses, 4 pistols, 2 miniature rebel flags, &amp;c.

Pleasant Hill was a few days since evacuated by the Federal troops, and has been partially burned by the bushwhackers. I do not suppose that it was contemplated that we should remain at this place longer than the present (assured) emergency; however,it may be different, might probably remain here come considerable time. I am inclined to think the force of bushwhackers in this part of the country has been, and now is, by most officers greatly overestimated. But I may myself be mistaken; they are scattered all over the country. The forage train guard had a skirmish to-day a few miles from town.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. W. MULLINS,

Major First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA, Saint Paul, August 12, 1863-8.15 p.m.

Major-General POPE:

On the night of the 23rd instant, General Sibley was 4 miles from Missouri Coteau, on the Indian trail. The Indian killed was Little Crow. His son, with him at the time, was captured at Devil's Lake by a detachment of troops left behind by General Sibley. He was the only Indian around there. A straggling Sioux tells our scouts that they will fight General Sibley. He reports the general near Long Lake,and General Sully in the vicinity. He says that Standing Buffalo and Sweet Corn have left the main body.

S. MILLER,Colonel, Commanding.

AUGUST 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General McNEIL, Springfield, Mo.:

While keeping Colonel Cloud's command in position to re-enforce General Blunt, if necessary, you must still keep it within easy call, so that you can recall it in case of danger from the Whiter River Valley. I believe, however, there cannot be much danger from the latter direction. Price and Marmaduke have retreated to Little Rock, and our troops are in pursuit. General Davidson was to cross White River at Clarendon to-day, and will probably have Little Rock in a few days. This will relieve you from any danger from the White River Valley. I would like to give you more troops, by tit is impossible.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 14, 1863-10 p.m.

(Received Memphis, August 20.)

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

Your dispatch of the 12th is received. My information agrees with yours. Please inform General Davidson, if possible,and convey to him my orders to report to General Steele, which he does not seem to have received.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

29 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

