
transported should be as small, as possible, and should be confined to those of the worst character.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

MILWAUKEE, August 14, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

The following dispatch from General Sibley, dated August 7, just received:

We have had three desperate engagements with 2,200 Sioux warriors, in each of which they were routed and finally driven across the Missouri River, with the loss of all their subsistence, wagons, &amp;c. Our loss has been small, while at least 150 or the savages have been killed and wounded. Forty-six bodies have been found.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General.

General Sully marched from Fort Pierre for the Big Bend of Missouri River on the 20th July, with 1,200 cavalry and a battery. Will doubtless intercept the flying Sioux before they can cross the river. Indian hostilities east of Missouri River may be considered ended.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 15, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I beg leave to express to the War Department the opinion that if a draft is to be made in Missouri it should be made as soon as possible. We are now experiencing all the bad effects of a draft, and will continue to experience them until one takes place, or it is decided that there is no be none this year. A draft can be enforced in nearly all parts of the State with as little trouble as in any portion of the country, and in all others with no more trouble than now exists. Many have gone to the brush to avoid the draft, and we now have to fight them as guerrillas. After the draft is made, we will have to fight only that portion of them who happen to be drafted. There will be no organized resistance to the draft in Missouri. Owing to the disturbed condition of a portion of the State, the enrollment has not been completed, and cannot be for a long time to come; but I think it would be unwise to postpone the draft on this account, where the enrollment has been made.

There is another reason why I think the draft should be made in Missouri without delay, so far as the enrollments has been completed. There are now in active service eleven regiments of Enrolled Militia. This is part of a force with was organized a year ago to meet an emergency which could not possibly be met in any other way. They served their purpose most admirably, and enabled me to suppress the formidable insurrection which then existed. But it required at least twice as many of them as of disciplined troops to accomplish the same purpose. A large portion of this force is now kept in active service in lieu of United States troops. They receive everything except pay proper from the United States, and I presume the General Government will ultimately have to refund to the State their pay. Like all troops of their class,

