
part of his cavalry to the south side of Little Red. This was near Searcy. Major Eberhart lost 2 men killed and 5 wounded, and one of the naval officers was wounded slightly. This infantry was attached to my division as the guards to my batteries.

The information brought by the expedition is of a very positive character. Kirby Smith is at Little Rock, and the rebels are concentrating and throwing up rifle-pits at Bayou Meto, 12 miles this side of Little Rock, their left resting upon Brownsville. Marmaduke, who keeps Missouri in a fright, is positively on the south side of Little Red, where I believed him to be, and on his way, with part of his cavalry, dismounted, to join Price.

I think, my dear general, every hour is precious to us now, and that you should have another brigade, at least, of infantry. We are rich in artillery. I am endeavoring to gain all needful information for you. I would be obliged to you to inform Schofield of our success, so that he may not be apprehensive of a raid into Missouri. We must have waterkegs sent out, one for each ambulance and wagon, if possible.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Station Taberville, Mo., August 16, 1863.

General EWING,

Commanding District of the Border, Kansas City, Mo.:

SIR: I received information last night from the citizens near Germantown that Marchbanks was in that neighborhood with from 40 to 50 men, threatening to devastate that country, and that he had burned one house near that place on last Wednesday night. They requested me to render them immediate assistance. Having sent a part of my teams to Sedalia for rations, with an escort of 60 men, I did not consider that I was in a situation to render them any valuable assistance unless I moved my command up there for a few days. I accordingly sent Captain Wyckoff, of Company D, with a portion of his company up there this morning, with instructions to reconnoiter the country around Germantown, and hold the place until I get there with the balance of the command, which I expect to do on to-morrow. The situation we are in at this post makes it wholly impossible for us to hold the place, furnish ourselves with rations, and do any considerable scouting. We have to haul our rations a distance of 80 miles. What forage we get has to be hauled from 30 to 35 miles. We have to go for our mail a distance of 20 miles. Having all these to attend to, leaves us but few men to scout with, and so I concluded to move my command up to Germantown for a few days until I could scour the country around that place, and in the mean time to hear from you and get permission, if consistent with your views, to remain there until that post can be supplied with other troops, for I think as long as there are troops needed in this country they will be needed there more than at any other point, it being nearly entirely a loyal settlement and one of considerable wealth, whilst the property at and around this post is entirely secesh. I do not believe there is $1,000 worth of loyal property in 10 miles of this post, and I do not think the bushwhackers would have any inclination to destroy the property in and around this post. If my move to Germantown

