
is thought not to be advisable, please inform me, and I will return to this post immediately.

The command at this post has labored under a great many disadvantages this summer, more perhaps than any other portion of our regiment, and yet we have not been altogether idle. I am willing to compare our labor with any other portion of the regiment, taking into consideration the advantages and disadvantages. We have killed 4 bushwhackers, captured 15 head of horses, and rescued 4 negroes, who were being taken south; we have captured 4 prisoners and a rebel mail, and have not had a man either killed or wounded, and yet I have been informed that it has been reported that we have been idle, whilst others, who have not done near so much service and have had at least one man killed and another one wounded, claim that they have done all the work in this part of the country. I forwarded you the rebel mail captured last week, which I am in hopes you have received. I shall keep you posted in regard to our movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. McGHEE,

Major, Commanding Station.
HEADQUARTERS,Warrensburg, Mo., August 16, 1863.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Lexington, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to state to you that I have managed to entrap one noted bushwhacker. I ascertained where there were some that frequent a certain house. On yesterday I ordered a scout of 20 men, under command of Captain Peery, to start at dark and proceed to the place referred to, which is about 8 miles from here, with orders to conceal their horses in the brush and then surrounded the house, and keep concealed until after breakfast-time, at the same time to leave a guard with the horses, which the captain executed to the letter. About sunrise this morning, they discovered a man sitting on the porch. They raised up out of the weeds, and the man started to run. On being ordered to halt, continued to run, and the shooting commenced. The captain says almost every shot took effect. After receiving eight or ten shots he fell dead; his name was Spencer; he is said to be one of the worst in the country. I find the only way to get them is to waylay them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILTON BURRIS,

Captain, Commanding Post.

NEW MADRID, MO., August 17, 1863.

Colonel HARDING,

Commanding Post:

SIR: Being one of the many that have been broken up and driven from home and property by the hoards of guerrillas that infest that part of the country of which I am a citizen, and being obliged to fly from the place that gave me birth, and not wishing to leave all that has taken me a life-time to accumulate, and not wishing to yield so readily to these bands of thieves and rebels, I have been spending my time and money in organizing a few good and tried men as scouts, to punish these intruders of our peace. Not wishing to act without proper authority, I would most respectfully say that I have now 25 men in my company,

