
the work required, and sometimes delay occurs on that account. We have finally succeeded in organizing the convalescent camp to a certain degree, and are busy selecting the shirks from the really unable men. Men fit for duty belonging to regiments with the expedition will be sent with every boat. Two hundred men have been detailed as nurses to take charge of the sick, under charge of Surgeon York. The number of sick as far as ascertained at present is 1,111.

With the hard labor to be performed, the small force left at this post is fast declining in health.

It is reported that the bridges over Cypress Bayou and Big Creek are destroyed. Captain Noble reports that he has a train ready for you, but we have no escort to send with it. This being your base of supplies, I would respectfully suggest that the garrison of this post be strengthened by two regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry.

We have received no regular mail for three days, on account of the courier being out of repairs. I send you a few late papers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. MONTGOMERY,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Wisconsin Vols., Commanding Dist. of Eastern Ark.

(Copey to Hurlbut.)

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., August 18, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

I hereby respectfully forward the inclosed copy of my letter to Major-General Steele, the re-enforcements called for in the same being required immediately, and expecting the same to be sent by you, if the suggestion should meet your approval.

M. MONTGOMERY,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry,

Commanding District of Eastern Arkansas.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI,Pilot Knob, Mo., August 18, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to communicate that numerous deserters from the rebel army, refugees, and paroled men are arriving at this post from the State line, Jacksonport, Little Rock, &amp;c. They state that Price is 12 miles from Little Rock, building strong fortifications on the Bayou Meto, and expecting to be joined by Kirby Smith.

Marmaduke is at Jacksonport, and his command, aggregating nearly 5,000, are scattered in different camps from Pocahontas to Batesville. Burbridge holds Pocahontas. Camp rumors were that Marmaduke was contemplating the redemption of Missouri once more.

Holmes died on Sunday, August 2, of delirium tremens. One informed assures me that he saw his body lying in state at headquarters, and that he is very dead. Price is in command. Governor Reynolds at Little Rock. I have sent an expedition from this point, which will to-day be joined at Greenville by a similar party from Cape Girardeau. The united command will go down as far as Pitman's Ferry, and it may be Pocahontas, and return via Spring River and Centreville. I trust

