
they will obtain reliable information touching the movements of rebel force, and clear out the guerrilla gangs of Reves and Freeman. Whybark, the captured provost-marshal, has probably been murdered. He was released on parole at Jacksonport, with two soldiers who were captured with him, and was returning to this post on foot; was retaken by a gang with blackened faces 15 miles this side of Doniphan, and hurried into the woods; was shot in one of his legs as he was seized. Soldiers with him have arrived here. I shall use every available man I have in keeping my district a hot place for these guerrillas, and, if the regular Confederate force invades my territory, will give them the best we have.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,

No. 9. Kansas City, Mo., August 18, 1863.

I. Lieutenant Colonel Walter King, Fourth Regiment Missouri State Militia, will, as often as may be necessary, visit the several military stations in that part of Missouri included in this district, and ascertain what negroes are there who desire escort out of Missouri, and were they slaves of persons who, since the 17th day of July, 1862, have been engaged in the rebellion, or have in any way given aid or comfort thereto. He will make and certify a list of all such negroes at each of such stations, and of the persons by whom the disloyalty of their master can be shown, and will deliver one copy of such list to the commander of such station and forward one to these headquarters. Before preparing such lists he will give due and public notice of the time at which he will be engaged in such duty at each station. He will be governed in the discharge of his duties by special written instructions received from or through these headquarters.

II. Commanders of such stations will furnish from time to time, as they may be called for by commanders of escorts, copies of the lists so prepared and filled with them, and will issue rations, where necessary, to negroes named in such lists who are unable to move from such station or to earn a living there, until escort can be furnished them to a place of safety where they can support themselves.

III. Commanders of companies or detachments serving in that part of Missouri included in this district will give escort and subsistence, where practicable, to all negroes named in such certified lists to Independence, Kansas City, Westport, or the State of Kansas, sending direct to these headquarters all such negroes fit for military duty and willing to enlist.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

P. B. PLUMB,

Major and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,

No. 10. Kansas City, Mo., August 18, 1863.

I. Officers commanding companies and detachments will give escort and subsistence, as far as practicable, through that part of Missouri included in this district, to all loyal free persons desiring to remove to the State of Kansas or to permanent military stations in Missouri, including all persons who have been ascertained in the manner provided in General Orders, NO.9, of this district to have been the slaves of persons

