
engaged in aiding the rebellion since July 17, 1862. Where necessary, the teams of persons who have aided the rebellion since September 25, 1862, will be taken to help such removal, and, after being used for that purpose, will be turned over to the officer commanding the nearest military station, who will at once report them to an assistant provost-marshal or to the district provost-marshal, and hold them subject to his orders.

II. Such officers will arrest, and send to the district provost-marshal for punishment, all men (and all women not heads of families) who willfully aid and encourage guerrillas, with a written statement of the names and residences of such persons and of the proof against them. They will discriminate as carefully as possible between those who are compelled, by threats or fears, to aid the rebels and those who aid them from disloyal motives. The wives and children of known guerrillas, and also women who are heads of families and are willfully engaged in aiding guerrillas, will be notified by such officers to remove out of this district and out of the State of Missouri forthwith. They will be permitted to take, unmolested, their stock, provisions, and household goods. If they fail to remove promptly, they will be sent by such officers, under escort, to Kansas City for shipment south, with their clothes and such necessary household furniture and provision as may be worth removing.

III. Persons who have borne arms against the Government, and voluntarily lay them down and surrender themselves at a military station, will be sent, under escort, to the district provost-marshal at these headquarters. Such persons will be banished, with their families, to such State or district out of this department as the general commanding the department may direct, and will there remain exempt from other military punishment on account of their past disloyalty, but not exempt from civil trial for treason.

IV. No officer or enlisted man, without special instructions from these headquarters, will burn or destroy any buildings, fences, crops, or other property, but all furnaces and fixtures of blacksmith's shops in that part of Missouri included in this district not at military stations will be destroyed, and the tools either removed to such stations or destroyed.

V. Commanders of companies and detachments serving in Missouri will not allow persons not in the military service of the United States to accompany them on duty, except when employed as guides, and will be held responsible for the good conduct of such men employed as guides, and for their obedience to orders.

VI. Officers and enlisted men belonging to regiments or companies, organized or unorganized, are prohibited going from Kansas to the District of Northern Missouri without written permission or order from these headquarters or from the assistant provost-marshal at Leavenworth City, or the commanding officer at Fort Leavenworth, or some officer commanding a military station in the District of Northern Missouri.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

P. B. PLUMB,

Major and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., August 19, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I am now moving a brigade of infantry to re-enforce Steele. They will leave for Helena to-morrow and the day after, and march to Clarendon.

