
properly so, whoever might have been these advisers, and whose over counsels had been adopted. It is safe to suppose that the military authorities who are responsible have taken every possible means to acquaint themselves with the true condition of affairs, and have adopted such measures as will meet the case. As they have the means to procure information which private individuals have not, there can be no reasonable doubt but that they are better informed than any private citizen whatsoever upon matters peculiarly their own business.

I submit these remarks because, although the persons who have been so busy in fault-finding in the matter of Indian affairs in this department have been completely discomfited by the results of Sibley's campaign, it may be certainly predicted that they will not be long resorting to the same course, and with the same confident assurance. It is to be hoped that they are actuated only by a desire to promote the public interest.

General Sully has not made the progress which, was expected of him, and which it was in his power to have made, but the Indians were so badly worsted by Sibley, and are in so destitute a condition, that he has nothing to do except follow up Sibley's success with any ordinary energy and the whole of the Indians of the Upper Missouri will be reduced to a state of quiet which has not obtained for some years. General Sibley's expedition has reached Fort Abercrombie by this date; will probably reach the Mississippi, or those stations near it, by the first week in September. It is my present belief (and I have no doubt a correct one) that I shall be able at once to send south four of the five regiments of infantry now in Minnesota, and one battery of artillery. I shall expect instructions as to where they are to be sent in time. The regiment of Mounted Rangers, the only mounted force in Minnesota, will be disbanded by the expiration of their term of service about October 1. I would request that authority be given to re-enlist 500 of them for another year, under a lieutenant-colonel. They have horses and arms, have had much experience in frontier service, and will be in good condition. With one regiment of infantry distributed at the various posts in Minnesota, and with this mounted force of 500 men, I think the security of the frontier will be effected completely. In truth, I do not myself believe one-half of this force will be needed; but some time will elapse before the apprehensions of the frontier settlers will be allayed, and this force will be required to give them sufficient confidence to remain on their farms.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, August 21,[1863.]

Major-General GRANT:

GENERAL: I forgot to mention to you a matter as to which I am not sure what to do. Steele reports to me. I have our order to organize, &amp;c., the Arkansas expedition. The infantry is from my corps, but you have also sent me a dispatch from General Halleck that troops serving in this expedition shall be under command of Major-General Schofield. Will you please inform me whether I am responsible for the expedition, and, if so, how far?

Very truly, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

