
train in the woods at the Line, I came on with the Second Battery, leaving the infantry to guard the train to this place. After I left, Catherwood came to the train and came on, and has just reported. We will return at the earliest practicable moment.

Respectfully,

W. F. CLOUD,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosures.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,In the Field, Fort Blunt, N. C., August 14, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM F. CLOUD,

Commanding Troops in Western Arkansas:

COLONEL: I hear (unofficially) that Federal troops are in the vicinity of Faytteville, Ark. Send forward the Second Kansas and Rabb's battery (if in your command) by forced marches. They should march light, with cooked rations, and let transportation follow under a light escort. The remainder of the troops should occupy position near Cincinnati or Evansville. The necessary for the forces I request is pressing. A battle is pending, and will be fought within a few days, with heavy odds against me.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,In the Field, Fort Blunt, August 19, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM F. CLOUD,

Commanding Troops of Northwestern Arkansas:

Hearing that you were in Benton County, with a Federal force, I sent you a dispatch, copy of which I here forward; but as yet have heard nothing from the messenger I sent, and do not know that it has reached you. If you have not received it, and moved accordingly, you will, immediately on receipt of this, send the Second Kansas and Rabb's battery to this place with as little delay as possible.

The infantry, with a few mounted men for picket duty, should be left with the supply train in the vicinity of Lindsay's Prairie, or farther south, on the Line road, holding themselves ready to march to Fort Smith, when they shall receive orders so to do. It is important that the movements of the Second Kansas and battery should be as rapid as possible.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LEAVENWORTH,

August 22, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Kansas is again invaded; Lawrence burned and plundered.* Will

---------------

*See Quantrill's raid into Kansas, August 20-28, Part I, pp.572-593.

---------------

