
your order commanding officer of Leavenworth arsenal to turn over to the State one thousand stand of arms, with necessary ammunition and equipments?

THOMAS CARNEY,

Governor of Kansas.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 22, 1863.

Governor CARNEY,

Leavenworth, Kans.:

The order for arms and ammunition, requested in your telegram of this evening, has been given. They will be turned over on your requisition. Any other aid you require will be given, if in the power of the Government.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS EXPEDITION,Devall's Bluff, Ark., August 23, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Having reconnoitered the different routes, I have decided to commence my line of operations at this point, and have moved the depot and hospital here to-day. The site chosen is a plateau (oak opening), high bluff on the river, and sloping on both sides, on one side a deep ravine. The two gunboats which are to remain here can defend the flanks, and an intrenchment can be thrown up in rear, which will make the place tolerably secure against any force that will be likely to annoy us while we are pushing the enemy to the front. The buildings here do not amount to much, but there is considerable lumber, and, by sending to Clarendon for more, we can erect tolerable shelter for the sick and the supplies. The sick list is frightful, including many officers. One brigade is commanded by a lieutenant-colonel, two colonels having given up in the last three days. If you do not send re-enforcements, I shall very likely meet with a disaster. This is the poorest command that i have ever seen, except the cavalry. More than a thousand here present are reported unfit for duty, and about one-half of the command proper are absent. Davidson's camp is at Deadman's Lake, about 15 miles this side of Brownsville. He was to reconnoiter the latter place in force to-day. Deserters report that one brigade of Kirby Smith's troops, under Frost, were at Bayou Meto. Everything indicates that the rebels will make a determined resistance at this point. We need four gunboats on this river, one at Saint Charles, two at this point, and one as a convoy. Of those now here, one is unfit for service and the other three out of repair. White River is at present a better one for the purpose of navigation than the Mississippi; it is falling now, but will rise again next month, and can be depended upon all the time for over 4 feet of water to this point. No matter what steamboat men say, this is a fact. I refer you to Commander Bache, U. S. Navy, in regard to the facts in the case. No pilot is required; all that is necessary is to keep a boat from running into the banks. With such a base as this, it will be a very easy matter to carry on operations against Little Rock, if proper means be supplied. We hear nothing of General Blunt. Prisoners say General Cooper has fallen back to Little Rock. A Frenchman from New Orleans, who was at Des Arc, confirms the accounts

