
which I have received from other sources in regard to the strength and intentions of the enemy. He says Marmaduke was peremptorily dismissed the service for allowing our gunboats to capture the two steamers up Little Red.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General.

P. S.-I have received notice from Helena that there is a supply train for this command waiting there for an escort. Part of this train was sent from Cape Girardeau and belongs to Davidson's division. I cannot send an escort. The rebels have destroyed the bridge we built over Big Creek. This train would probably be sufficient transportation for another brigade. I think this command has enough already to keep it supplied from this place.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., August 24, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Under the present state of orders, as I understand them, the troops composing Steele's expedition are under your military command. I bear them on my books as detached, but give them no orders for movements.

I have sent to-day four regiments of infantry and one battery, by way of Helena by boat, then by land to Clarendon, to report to Steele. Unless I am deceived, this force will be sufficient. If not, and I am suddenly called upon by Steele, I will send another brigade of infantry, which will greatly expose my line; yet is all be done if he deems it necessary. Supplies should be pushed forward from Saint Louis, direct to Clarendon.

You will, of course, realize my singular position, furnishing the infantry for this expedition, with no control over it, and will, I trust, endeavor to give such directions to the force now within your department as will lead to the general benefit.

You may command me at any time to the extent of my means of co-operation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Kansas City:

I will send six companies of the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry (240 men) to Sedalia, with orders to report to you. Send them orders at Sedalia. I will also direct General Brown to give you all the force he can spare temporarily. Would it not be well to call on the Governor of Kansas to furnish you a militia force to guard your posts a short time, so that your whole cavalry [force] can be put in the field after Quantrill? Spare no means by which he may be destroyed.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

