
Kansas Infantry into Missouri, has been received.* There are also on file the reports of Brigadier-General Vaughan and other officers touching the same matter.# After a careful consideration of the facts as presented, it is the determination of the general commanding to release Colonel Adams and Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes from arrest and restore them to duty. You will, therefore, issue the necessary order. While this has been the decision of the general commanding, having in view the good of the service and the efficiency of the regiment in question, he feels compelled to express his disapprobation of the course pursued by the officer in command of this expedition. In General Orders, Numbers 11, Department of the Missouri, this paragraph occurs:

The districts thus designated are for the convenience of police regulations, but commanders in the field will not hesitate to cross lines and co-operate with adjacent commanders where the interests of the department seem to require it.

From the evidence it appears that Colonel Adams evinced no disposition to co-operate with the commander or forces of the district into which he led his detachment, nor, indeed, does it appear that the interests of the department required him to cross the district line. The general commanding regrets that circumstances have occurred requiring him to adjust difficulties between our own forces. We have no energies to waste in conflicts with each other. It should be the purpose of all military movements to put down rebels wherever found, and no personal considerations or personal jealousies should defeat that object. In the future, should the forces on the border find it necessary to cross the district line, either from Missouri or Kansas, it is hoped that the commander will observe the spirit of General Orders, No. 11, and especially avoid acts which tend to irritate or wound that State pride and esprit de corps so essential to the effectiveness of the soldier and so sensitive among troops stationed on their own soil for its protection.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 14. Saint Louis, Mo., January 15, 1863.

* * * * *

III. * * * Colonel J. M. Glover, Third Missouri Cavalry, will, on 16th instant, proceed to Rolla, Mo., and resume the command of the District of Rolla.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DIST. OF NORTHEASTERN MISSOURI, Numbers 7.Warrenton, Mo., January 15, 1863.

Under the orders heretofore made, the following amounts are assessed in each county of the district, respectively. The committees will pro-

---------------

*See T. J. Weed to H. Z. Curtis, December 18, 1862 (Part I, p. 841), and January 9, 1863 (p. 22).

#See Vaughan to Curtis, December 9, 1862, Part I, p. 821.

---------------

