
spirit of the people of the counties armies, and that they are determined to harbor and encourage a band of scoundrels whose every object is plunder and murder. This state of things cannot be permitted longer to exist, and nothing less than the most radical remedy will be sufficient to remove the evil. It is therefore ordered that the disloyal people of Jackson, Cass, and Bates Counties will be given until the --- day of ---- to remove from those counties, with such of their personal property as they may choose to carry away. At the end of the time named all houses, barns, provisions, and other property belonging to such disloyal persons, and which can be used to shelter, protect, or support the bands of robbers and murderers which infest those counties, will be destroyed or seized and appropriated to the use Government. Properly situated at or near military posts, and in or of the near towns which can be protected by troops so as not to be used by the bands of robbers will not be destroyed, but will be appropriated to the use of such loyal or innocent persons as may be made homeless by the acts of guerrillas or by the execution of this order. The commanding general is aware that some innocent persons must suffer from these extreme measures, but such suffering is unavoidable, and will be made as light as possible. A district of country inhabited almost solely by rebels cannot be permitted to be made a hiding-place for robbers and murderers, from which to sally forth on their errands of rapine and death. It is sincerely hoped that it will not be necessary to apply this remedy to any other portion of Missouri. But if the people of disloyal districts wish to avoid it, they must untie to prevent its necessity, which is clearly in their power to do.

This order will be executed by Brigadier-General Ewing, commanding District of the Border, and such officers as he may specially detail for the purpose.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., August 25, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I got in late yesterday afternoon. I send in inclosed paper General Orders, No. 11, which I found it necessary to issue at once, or I would have first consulted you. The excitement in Kansas is great, and there is (or was before this order) great danger of a raid of citizens for the purpose of destroying the towns along the border. My political enemies are fanning the flames, and wish me for a burnt-offering to satisfy the just passion of the people.

If you think it best, please consider me as applying for a court of inquiry. It should be appointed by the General-in-Chief, or the Secretary of War. General Deitzler, of Lawrence, is the only officer of rank I think in Kansas who would be regarded as perfectly impartial. He is at Lawrence now on sick furlough, but is well enough for such duty, and knows the district.

I do not make unconditional application for the court, because I have seen no censure of any one act of mine, or omission even, except my absence from headquarters. It is all mere mob clamor, and all at Leavenworth. Besides, I do not, with my want of familiarity with the custom of the service in such matters and with the horrors of the massacre distressing me, feel confidence in my judgment as to the matter. I therefore ask your friendly advice and action, with the statement that if a full clearance of me, by the court, is worth anything to you, or me, or the service, I would like to have the court.

