
I left my headquarters to go to Leavenworth the day before the massacre, on public business. I have never taken an hour of ease or rest with anything undone which I thought necessary for the protection of the border. No man, woman, or child ever suggested the idea of stationing troops permanently at Lawrence. The whole border has been patrolled night an day for 90 miles, and all the troops under my command posted and employed as well as I know how to do it. I have not the slightest doubt that any fair court would not only acquit me of all suspicion of negligence, but also give me credit for great precaution would quit the service at once if I were accused, after candid investigation, of the slightest negligence or of a want of average skill in the command of the forces you have given me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,

No. 11. Kansas City, Mo., August 25, 1863.

I. All persons living in Jackson, Cass, and Bates Counties, Missouri, and in that part of Vernon included in this district, except those living within 1 mile of the limits of Independence, Hickman, Mills, Pleasant Hill, and Harrisonville, and except those in that part of Kaw Township, Jackson County, north of Brush Creek and west of the Big Blue, are hereby ordered to remove from their present places of residence within fifteen days from the date hereof. Those how, within that time, establish their loyalty to the satisfaction of the commanding officer of the military station nearest their present places of residence will receive from him certificates stating the fact of their loyalty, and the names of the witnesses by whom it can be shown. All who receive such certificates will be permitted to remove to any military station in this district, or to any part of the State of Kansas, except the counties on the eastern border of the State. All others shall remove out of this district. Officers commanding companies and detachments serving in the counties named will see that this paragraph is promptly obeyed.

II. All grain and hay in the field or under shelter in the district from which the inhabitants are required to remove within reach of military stations after the 9th day of September next will be taken to such stations and turned over made to district headquarters, specifying the names of all loyal owners and the amount of such produce taken from them. All grain and hay founding such district after the 9th day of September next not convenient to such stations will be destroyed.

III. The provisions of General Orders, No. 10, from these headquarters will be at once vigorously executed by officers commanding in the parts of the district and at the stations not subject to the operation of Paragraph I of this order, and especially in the towns of Independence, Westport, and Kansas City.

IV. Paragraph III, General Orders, No. 10, is revoked as to all who have borne arms against the Government in this district since the 21st day of August, 1863.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

