
Humanity demands of every citizens of every active and earnest co-operations with the military authorities in putting down these common enemies of mankind. The commanding general demands of every citizens the full discharge of his duty in this regard. Those who negles it will be held responsible in their persons and property for the damage that may result from their neglect, and will be punished at the discretion of a military commission. If milder means shall fail, the commanding general will order the destruction or seizure of all houses, barns, provisions, and other property belonging to disloyal persons in those portions of the State which are made the haunts of guerrillas.

To enable them to protect themselves from violence, and to aid the troops, when necessary, all loyal and peaceable citizens in Missouri will be permitted to bear arms. As far as practicable, arms which have heretofore been taken from such citizens will be returned to them.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEAVENWORTH, KANS., August 26, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The result of the massacre at Lawrence has excited feelings amongst our people which make a collision between them and the military probable. The imbecility and incapacity of Schofield is most deplorable. Our people unanimously demand the removal of Schofield, whose policy has opened Kansas to invasion and butchery.*

A. C. WILDER.

J. H. LANE.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS EXPEDITION, No. 8. Devall's Bluff, Ark., August 26, 1863.

Colonel F. H. Manter having reported for duty at these headquarters, he is hereby announced as inspector-general and chief of staff.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

[GEORGE O. SOKALSKI,]

First Lieutenant Second Cavalry, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS EXPEDITION,Devall's Bluff, Ark., August 26, 1863.

[Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT:]

GENERAL: Our advance, under Davidson, has driven Marmaduke's cavalry, about 3,000, out of Brownsville, capturing Colonel Burbridge and some privates. At date of dispatch from Davidson, Glover's brigade was pushing the enemy toward Bayou Meto. Marmaduke has not been dismissed; he was in command. There is no running water between here and the Bayou Meto. There are wells at Brownsville, which will be headquarters of the cavalry division until the enemy's

---------------

*See Lincoln to Schofield, August 27, p.479, and reply, August 28, p.482.

---------------

