
The post quartermaster at Fort Blunt and the commanding officer of the outposts at Baxter Springs will have charge of the stock and control of the expressmen while at their stations, under such instructions as may be furnished them by Captain Insley, and other officers and men are hereby prohibited from any interference whatever with the men or animals employed on this special and important duty.

With this express in operation for public business, officers in the field will have no further excuse for delays in the rendition of the various reports and returns required by the different departments of the service.

Private letters will not be carried by this express, except when of to work no detriment to the public service.

By command of Major-General Blunt:

H. Z. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 27, 1863-8.30 a.m.

General SCHFIELD,

Saint Louis:

I have just received the dispatch which follows from two very influential citizens of Kansas, whose names I omit.* The severe blow they there being any just cause for blame. Please do your utmost to give them future security and to punish their invaders.

A. LINCOLN.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 27, 1863-8.30 a.m.

Honorable A. C. WILDER,

Honorable J. H. LANE,

Leavenworth, Kans.:

Notice of your demand for the removal of General Schofield is hereby acknowledged.

A. LINCOLN.

KANSAS CITY, MO., August 27, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Quantrill's men are scattered in their fastness throughout the border counties, and are still being hunted by all available troops from all parts of the district. Many of them have abandoned their worn-out horses and gone to the brush afoot. They were all remounted at Lawrence, with horses they captured there, and they led their own horses back, packing the plundered goods. The led horses and stolen goods were nearly all abandoned in the chase before they got far into Missouri; 300 horses have already been taken by our troops, including some of those taken at Lawrence. Most of the goods and much of the money stolen have been retaken, and will, as far as possible, be restored. Reports received since my dispatch of yesterday of 21 killed, making in all about 80. I think it will largely exceed 100 before any considerable part of our troops withdraw from the pursuit. No prisoners have been

---------------

*See Wilder and Lane to Lincoln, August 26,p.475.

---------------

