
force for the purpose of general retaliation upon Missouri. Those who so deplore my "imbecility and incapacity" are the very men who are endeavoring to bring about a collision between the people of Kansas and the troops under General Ewing's command. I have not the "capacity" to see the wisdom or justice of permitting an irresponsible mob to enter Missouri for the purpose of retaliation even for so grievous a wrong as that which Lawrence has suffered.

I have increased the force upon the border as far as possible, and no effort has been or will be spared to punish the invaders of Kansas and to prevent such acts in future. The force there has been all the time far larger than in any other portion of my department except on the advanced line in Arkansas and the Indian Territory.

I deem it proper to remark here that the allusions to my predecessor are in nowise intended as a reflection upon him or his official acts, but merely because those who so bitterly assail me hold him up as their model.

Please accept my apologies, Mr. President, for the length of this letter. I could hardly, in justice to myself or to truth, make it shorter.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, August 28, 1863.

Honorable EDWARD BATES,

Attorney-General United States:

MY DEAR SIR: I regret extremely the necessity which compels me to write you at this time, but the sad condition of the western counties of our State prompts me to do so, and I certainly know of no one to whom Missourians can appeal with a greater certainly of being favorably listened to. At the earnest request of many of our citizens, who fear that the recent outrages in Kansas would be visited upon our own section of the State, I came down to see General Schofield and to ascertain, if possible, what policy he proposed to adopt. I find, on conversing with him, that he is greatly excited, and seems entirely disposed to offer no obstruction to the contemplated invasion of our State by the people of Kansas; indeed, he expressed a wish that such might be the case.

Now, sir, at the same time that no one would strive harder or risk more to bring those lawless murderers to justice than I would, I cannot see the propriety of adopting a policy which is to involve the innocent and the guilty in common ruin, and General Schofield's duty, under the circumstances, is rather to throw himself into the breach, and to withstand the wild popular excitement of the moment, than, yielding to its influence, to add a thousand-fold to the miseries under which the country is already suffering. I can well imagine how General Schofield, situated as he is, would be reluctant to pursue any course which would bring down upon him the increased displeasure of the radical party in Missouri; but it is not the less his duty, and as the military commander of the department he ought to discharge his duty regardless of consequences. It is a fact well known to me that hundreds of the people of Jackson and Cass Counties are true and loyal men; they have already been robbed of their property, insulted, and in many instances murdered by these troops from Kansas. The policy pursued had caused hundreds of good men to leave their homes and fly to the bushes for protection, while others have actually joined the guerrillas as a measure of safety,

