
believing that they would be less liable to danger there than at their homes. These are generally men of little intelligence, who do not take consequences into consideration, and are not prompted by a very high order of patriotism; they act from motives of present interest, and for the temporary safety of their persons have been induced to commit a great crime against their country. Others, I regret to say, who in the beginning were disloyal, have, under the various proclamations of the President and the Governor, returned to their homes, and, after doing so, have been ruthlessly shot and hung by the soldierly. The good faith of the Government has been broken in so many cases that the people have become reluctant to return, believing that it would be violated toward them. The Government is not to blame for this, but the officers in command are, for failing to punish their soldiers for such acts of faithlessness and brutality. Our population, loyal as well as disloyal, are unarmed, by order of the military authorities of the State, and in that helpless condition, I understand General Schofield to say, that it will meet his approbation for them to be invaded by the people of Kansas-not by an organized force but an irresponsible mob, already excited and enraged, and who, even before the commission of these outrages by Quantrill, were ready at all times to seize on any pretext which would justify the pillage of our State and the indiscriminate murder of our citizens. The absence of the Governor and Lieutenant-Governor is at this time a misfortune; they might successfully and with property appeal to General Schofield to act differently from what he proposes to do. Mr. Glover, in whose assistance and advice I have at all times relied with confidence, is also absent and sick in the northern part of the State. I have conversed with Colonel Broadhead, and find him fully coinciding with me in the policy which, in my opinion, should be adopted, and which I humbly beg to suggest. The great mistake was annexing a part of our State to the Military District of Kansas, and the next great error was in placing a Kansas politician in command of it. We want there not a politician, but a soldier, a man who has no purpose to subserve and no popularity to gain, by permitting one State to be robbed to enrich the people of another, and who would rigidly and fearlessly discharge his duties. A firm, just policy is what will give peace to the country, and nothing else will.

I have no motive other than the good of our State and people. I desire to see the country at peace once more, and peace can and will follow a judicious administration upon the border. Inclosed is a memorial addressed to the President, which I have been requested to forward to you, begging that you will present it. Mr. Henderson is in Washington, and would, I have no doubt, co-operate with you in any way you might wish.

I am, sir, most faithfully, your friend,

RICH'D C. VAUGHAN.

[Inclosure.]

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 27, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Your memorialist would respectfully state that they are loyal citizens of the United States and of the State of Missouri, and, having been such at all times, they regard it as their right and duty to represent to Your Excellency the unhappy condition of affairs now existing along the

