
carried out and rigidly enforced, to restore our State to her wonted condition of peace and prosperity than the system of pillage and burning, now enforced, will accomplish in as many years.

Your memorialist further beg leave to say that one of the most fruitful sources of trouble in Western Missouri is the attachment of a part of her territory to the District of the Border. This arrangement, however well intended, your memorialist fear will, while it is continued, occasion incessant trouble, and will greatly hinder the restoration of law and order, no matter what policy may be adopted or who may be placed in command. Old animosities existing between the people of Missouri and Kansas, embittered and intensified by the recent barbarous acts of a guerrilla band perpetrated upon the citizens of Lawrence, in the latter State, will develop themselves, and will seek gratification in retaliatory acts upon the citizens of the former, although they are, with rare exceptions, as sincerely opposed to those infamous outlaws as the people of Kansas ever here been. But this late and atrocious outrage has furnished a pretext for future and greater and infinitely more in just acts of retaliation upon our people than any from which they have hitherto suffered.

The following telegram, published in the Missouri Democrat, of this city, speaks volumes on this point. The statement that there were citizens of Missouri engaged in the raid, except such as have for nearly two years been regarded as outlaws, is not worthy of credit. It is made for effect and to palliate acts of retaliation.

[Special dispatch to the Missouri Democrat.]

LEAVENWORTH, August 26.

General Lane has returned to Lawrence. A meeting was held on his return. Lane said the citizens had killed 41 of Quantrill's men. Majors Clark and Plumb were denounced. The people of Baldwin disputed Quantrill in passing a ford, and say if Plumb had done his duty they could have whipped the rebels.

Lane is organizing forces, and says he will go into Missouri on the 9th of September. He left General Ewing only on a pledge that Ewing would issue an order directing all the citizens of Jackson, Cass, Bates, and part of Vernon Counties, except those in Kansas City, Westport, Harrisonville, and Independence, to leave the county within fifteen days. Ewing has issued the order, and the people of Kansas are going into Missouri to see the order executed. The people have demanded the order issued by the general commanding, and the people will see it executed. They say they will have no more of the Schofield-Ewing orders. Ewing is frightened, and in the chase after Quantrill was in a complete quandary. He is looked upon as being a general without heart and brains. About 50 of the most noted secesh of Platte County have subscribed from $1 to $10 each for the Lawrence fund. By so doing they expect to escape the anticipated devastation of Western Missouri.

General Ewing has returned to Kansas City. Quantrill had with him Sam. Hays, brother of Up. Hays, Dick Yeager, Holt, George Todd, and Younger, with 150 men, on whom they could depend in a fight, with about 150 more of the citizens of Platte, Clay, La Fayette, Jackson, Cass, and Bates Counties, not over 300 in all. Quantrill's men are to-night reported scattered in Missouri.

Martial law is published in Leavenworth, but is practically null, as there is no provost-marshal or soldiers here to enforce it, and nothing to do if they were here. Martial law opened as a farce and ended in fearful tragedy. One thousand Kansas men will be in Missouri this week.

Up to this morning 183 bodies were buried in Lawrence. The remains of 7 more bodies are found. One hundred and eighty-two buildings were burned; 80 or them were brick; 65 of them were on Massachusetts street. There are 85 widows and 240 orphans made by Quantril's raid. Lane has commenced rebuilding his house. Three men have subscribed $100,000 to rebuild the Free State Hotel, known as the Eldridge Hotel. Several merchants have commenced rebuilding. All the laboring men in town will be set to work to-morrow to clear off the ruins. In spite of the terrible calamity, the people are in good spirits. All the towns in the State have sent in large sums of money. Even the men burned out on Quantrill's retreat have sent in loads of vegetables and provisions.

