
You cannot expect me to permit anything of this sort; my present duty requires me to prevent it at all hazards and by all the means in my power. But I hope a few days of reflection will show the popular leaders in Kansas the folly and wickedness of such retaliation, and cause them to be abandoned. I shall confidently rely upon your powerful influence to prevent any such action on the part of the people of Kansas as will force me into the painful position of having to oppose them in any degree, particularly by force.

Be assured, Governor, of my earnest desire to do all in my power to promote the peace and security of Kansas. I shall be glad at all times to know your views and wishes touching your State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., August 29, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the return of a brave of female spies sent from this post into Arkansas some time since. they have visited Jacksonport and Little Rock, which last place they left on the 14th instant.

The ladies confirm former reports of Generals Smith and Price fortifying a point some 12 miles from Little Rock, and report obstructions in the river, and a pontoon bridge at the Rock. They state that Marmaduke and Greene left Jacksonport with 400 men, all their present command. The telegraph wire is being removed from the Little Rock and Fort Smith line and taken to Texas for safety. Citizens are fleeing to Texas, and an abandonment of Arkansas generally anticipated. They have six 4-gun batteries and from 7,000 to 12,000 men.

One of those women is observant and highly intelligent. She states that soldiers deserting or on furlough, both from Vicksburg and from Price's army, are met everywhere along the route of travel north. These men are fleeing like rats from a falling house; they give the rebellion up, and express a determination to return to their homes in Missouri, some stating a determination to live in peace with their old neighbors, but the most of them declaring that they will form guerrilla bands and kill off the Abolitionists.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

Your very obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MACON CITY, MO., August 29, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Your dispatch was received last night; also dispatch from Colonel Douglass, Mexico, stating that Major Miller had on yesterday come up with a party of rebels near the old Morse Mill battle-ground, Callawya County, and killed 1 and mortally wounded another, without loss. Still in pursuit. Major Miller thinks rebels intend to try to cross the river above Portland. Will you advise General Brown to be on the alert?

