
his command than you have, yet he marched 600 miles through the same character of country, which had been subjected to the same drought, and with a large infantry force, defeated the Indians in three engagements, drove them across the Missouri River, and actually reached a point on that river 160 miles above Fort Pierre. Whilst your expedition, all cavalry, only marched 160 miles, his column, consisting largely of infantry, marched 600 in that time. Under these circumstances, you will admit that it is hard for me to understand the delay which has attended your movements. It is painful for me to find fault, nor do I desire to say what is unpleasant, but I feel bound to tell you frankly that your movements have greatly disappointed me, and I can find no satisfactory explanation of them. As soon as you receive this letter, you will please cross to the south side of the Missouri, and, having loaded your wagons with provision and ammunition and such medical supplies as are absolutely needed, you will make a thorough campaign in Nebraska, proceeding as far to the west and northwest as possible before the winter overtakes you.

It is desirable that some cavalry force be stationed this winter at Fort Pierre, or in that neighborhood, and provision should be made accordingly. You will please send the necessary orders to the proper officer of your district for this purpose. Your command will occupy Fort Pierre or the neighborhood, Fort Randall, and Sioux City, for the winter, as also such points to the east of Sioux City as will effectually secure the settlements in Dakota and the border settlements of Iowa.

It is essential that such measures be taken, as far as possible, as will prevent the Minnesota Sioux, lately driven south of the Missouri by General Sioux, from recrossing that river and reoccupying Minnesota, or in any large bodies committing depredations north and east of the Missouri.

I entreat you on all accounts to give your individual attention and your utmost energy to the accomplishment of these instructions.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., August 29, 1863.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY:

GENERAL: Your several dispatches reporting the battles with the hostile Sioux and the results of your campaign have been received and transmitted to the Headquarters of the Army. I need not say they have given me the greatest satisfaction, and to yourself and the troops under your command the gratitude of the Government and country is due. Such hardships and privations have rarely been surmounted by any troops, and the cheerfulness, endurance, and gallantry of the forces under your command reflect the highest credit upon them and upon you.

The unusual and unexpected delay in the movements of General Sully's column alone prevented the entire destruction of the hostile Sioux. The troops under your command have nobly performed their allotted part in the campaign, and it gives me the greatest satisfaction to bear testimony here, as I have done to the authorities in Washington, to their honorable and distinguished conduct. It has been a pleasure to me to bring to the notice of the Government the names of those, both officers and soldiers, who have won especial distinction in the campaign.

32 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

