HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., August 31, 1863.

Major General FRED. STEELE,

Commanding Expedition, Devall's Bluff, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your last favor from Devall's Bluff. A gentleman late from Little Rock states that the enemy have masked rifle-pits and batteries some considerable distance in advance of their works, flanking the road. You will, of course, see to this. I have telegraphed, some days since, to Generals Schofield and Halleck that you should have at least 5,000 more troops to render your movement perfectly decisive and effective, and that I cannot safely furnish them. This corps has been heavily depleted. I will send you an engine and cars as soon as I can get the transportation. I wrote you some time since that Grant had sent a division toward Monroe, La. This should stop re-enforcements from Louisiana and Texas. A heavy movement is now making on Texas; the precise point I do not know. It will be desirable, of course, to ascertain the approximate strength of the enemy, so that I may be able to be sure of sufficient force. The tone of the Little Rock papers is quite firm. I have ordered Kimball to report to you, and hope there will be no deficiency. I will back you to the extent of my force.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS EXPEDITION,

Numbers 13. Devall's Bluff, Ark., August 31, 1863.

I. The Third Division, Brigadier General S. A. Rice commanding, will move at 10 o'clock to-day, preceded by one regiment of Colonel Clayton's brigade. The Second Division, Colonel William E. McLean commanding, will move at 6 a. m. to-morrow, preceded by the remainder of Colonel Clayton's cavalry brigade. Two squadrons of the cavalry brigade will be detailed daily by Colonel Clayton as escort to the supply train. The batteries as heretofore assigned to field service will march in the center of brigades. The ambulances and baggage trains will follow their brigades, headquarters trains leading in the order of rank of commanders. The supply train will follow the trains of rear brigades. Brigade commanders will train will follow the trains of rear brigades. Brigade commanders will each detail a rear guard daily to arrest and bring up stragglers. All the means at hand will be used for carrying water on the march.

II. Major P. Graves, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, is detailed to command at this station. He will receive written instructions from these headquarters.

III. Captain B. O. Carr, assistant quartermaster, and Lieutenant William T. Allen, acting commissary of subsistence, will remain here for the present, in order to forward supplies.

IV. The medical director will designate the medical officers to remain in charge of the sick.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

[GEORGE O. SOKALSKI,]

First Lieutenant Second Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

