
LEAVENWORTH CITY, KANS.,

September 2, 1863-8 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch is just received. I came here to prevent the trouble you refer to. Shall go to Kansas City to-morrow, and remain on the border until the difficulty is over. I believe I can prevent any collision. As yet I have neither approved nor disapproved General Ewing's order. I think it must be modified, but will not do it until I see him.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., September 2, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: The following is a synopsis of an official dispatch from General Steele to Major-General Hurlbut, received at these headquarters this date:
HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS EXPEDITION,Devall's Bluff, Ark., August 26, 1863.

Our advance, under Davidson, has driven Marmaduke's cavalry (about 3,000) out of Brownsville, capturing Colonel Burbridge and some privates. At date of dispatch from Davidson, Glover's brigade was pushing the enemy toward Bayou Meto, &amp;c.

He reports the stage of water in the White River, up to Devall's Bluff, ample for shipping supplies, &c. Copy of this report forwarded by mail. Brownsville is about 20 miles northeast of Little Rock, on the line of the Memphis Railroad. A telegram from General Fisk, commanding District of Southeastern Missouri, just received. He reports, upon the faith of a deserter from Burbridge's command, that our forces attacked Price, on the 25th ultimo, at Brownsville and Bayou Meto, and on Wednesday (29th) attacked, routed, and drove the entire rebel force beyond the Arkansas River. Steele and Davidson in hot pursuit; hundreds of rebels deserting, and Marmaduke's command routed and scattered. The people of Arkansas, north of White River, praising God for prospective delivery from Jeff. Davis' despotism. General Schofield temporarily absent in Kansas.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Brownsville, September 2, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis:

GENERAL: I arrived here yesterday. True's brigade encamped at Deadman's Lake last night, and will be up to-day. He sent most of his ammunition by water, and failed to meet it at Clarendon, as he had expected. He has been very expeditious in his movements, but made a mistake in not bringing his ammunition and provisions enough to last his troops at least until he could reach us. We have a large train at Helena, and he was requested to bring it, but declined.

A scouting party sent out by Davidson was at Austin last night. They met a party of the enemy, and pursued them through the town and brought back some citizens. There was no force at that point. I

