
and sent two men in pursuit of them. Have not heard from the men yet, and fear the Indians have detained them. On Saturday night, a Mexican, who had been prowling about the vicinity for several days, broke into the corral of the stage company and stole two horses. I sent out four men in pursuit of the thief, with instructions to return the horses. I have learned that the men had overtaken the Mexican, recovered the horses, but left the Mexican on the prairie. If any more stealing is done in this vicinity, I shall issue orders in each case, until further orders from headquarters, to leave the thieves wherever they are overtaken.

I have the honor to be, with respect, your obedient servant,

SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Major, Commanding Post.

KANSAS CITY, MO., September 2, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The people of Kansas, who are to meet at Paola on the 8th instant, for the purpose of entering Missouri, are under the guidance and control of Senator Lane. I shall not permit them to enter Missouri. Senator Lane informs me he will appeal to the President. I do not apprehend any hostile collision, but a dispatch from the President or Secretary of War to Mr. Lane would aid me much in preventing trouble. If such dispatch be sent, I respectfully request to be informed of its purport.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

LEAVENWORTH, KANS., September 3, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: The brutal outrages committed upon the unoffending and unarmed citizens of Lawrence by Quantrill and his band has not only aroused every man in the State, but shocked the whole country. The wish of both is that the doers of these bloody deeds, their aiders and abettors, shall be steadily pursued and surely punished, for there can be no safety in the present and the future while these miscreants are permitted to live.

The 9th day of this month, by order of your district commander, is the day fixed upon to begin this summary punishment. That this punishment may be swift and sure, I offer you any forces at my command. You have promptly sent me a sufficient quantity of arms to meet the wants of the State. With these arms in their hands, and organized, our citizens can repel any raid which brutal marauders like Quantrill and his band may attempt, and punish instantly and severely those who shall aid and abet them. I have confidence only in organized action, and, satisfied both of your ability to lead any forces and your resolve to punish the guilty, I shall be happy to place the military of the State at your disposal.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS CARNEY,

Governor.

