
KANSAS CITY, MO., September 3, 1863.

His Excellency THOMAS CARNEY,

Governor of Kansas:

GOVERNOR: I am in receipt of your letter of this morning. I fully sympathize with your feeling of anxiety to give security to the Kansas border, and to avenge on the rebels in Missouri the unparalleled atrocities of the Lawrence massacre. My forces in Missouri and Kansas having been greatly reduced by re-enforcements sent to General Grant, Steele, and Blunt, I am glad to avail myself of your offer of a part of the Kansas militia to aid the United Stats forces in this district. With the chief towns on the eastern border of Kansas garrisoned by the militia of the State, and with two regiments of volunteers which I have lately ordered to re-enforce the troops already in the district, the military authorities will be able not only to execute the orders for the expulsion of disloyal persons, but also to pursue and destroy the guerrilla bands which have so long ravaged the border. For the purpose named, I will accept the service of so many companies of militia as may be deemed necessary by you and the district commander to protect the towns referred to.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

KANSAS CITY, MO., September 3, 1863.

Commanding Officer, Lexington, Mo.:

I have reliable information that Quantrill is concentrating on the Sni. If the detachments sent by you and from Wellington up the river can be got together, let them scout the Sni country. I will send other scouting parties there.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR, Numbers 6.] HDQRS. CENTRAL DISTRICT OF 						MISSOURI,

Jefferson City, Mo., September 3, 1863.

Armed bands of irresponsible, unauthorized men threaten to enter Missouri from Kansas for the purpose of pillaging and sacking the country. Should they enter this district, they will be treated in the same manner as under existing orders other robbers, murderers, and marauders are to be treated. Commanding officers of sub-districts will meet these outlaws with firmness, and if they refuse to leave the district after being warned to do so, they will be considered open enemies warring against the Government.

Citizens will be expected to arm themselves, as soon as possible, and assist in the protection of their homes. The demons who massacred in cold blood our friends at Lawrence are being driven toward the border of this district, and will make an effort to enter it. In order to prevent this, and afford protection to the citizens of the country, the utmost energy is necessary; the country must be constantly and thoroughly scouted. This is the time for action. Small guards placed in substantial buildings will be sufficient for the protection of points where posts have been established until quiet has again been restored. The entire

