HDQRS. DETACHMENT OF THE ELEVENTH CAVALRY,Warrensburg, September 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding District:

GENERAL: I have the honor to respectfully represent that, in obedience to your orders, I divided my command at Dresden, Mo., and sent two companies, under command of Major Ross, with orders to scour La Fayette County in search of guerrillas; afterward to report at Little Santa Fe, and await my arrival.

I arrived at this point on the 30th ultimo, with four companies. I have vigilantly scoured this county in search of Quantrill's men and guerrillas from that time up to the present. My scouts have captured and killed and a number of guerrillas, one of whom was the notorious Captain Dobson.

The state of affairs in this country is truly lamentable. Union men solemnly declare that they have not nor cannot get protection from the military powers which have been stationed here. I deeply regret to say to you that the representations of the unconditionally loyal men of this county lead me fully to believe such are the facts, and I respectfully state to you that, in my opinion, the well-being of this county demands a change of commanders as well as policy. Union men from every part of the country are here as refugees, and have not been to their homes for twelve months. I can see no excuse for this, save the base negligence of the military stationed here, and the utter repudiation of their claims and interests. There are, and have been, soldiers enough here to hold every part of Johnson County free from guerrillas, so as to allow business, at least, to assume its wonted phase.

I leave, with my command, for Sibley, Mo., to-morrow, in the morning. After my arrival I will hasten to report to you in person.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

L. C. PACE,

Major, Commanding Detachment of Eleventh Regiment Missouri Vol. Cav.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., September 4, 1863.

General EWING:

I received your order this evening at Little Blue, 7 miles from this place. I have been scouting the country night and day for two days below Lexington. I destroyed the camp equipage of one camp. I scattered the bushwhackers; killed 2 of them; captured 6 horses. The horses of my command are very tired. I would like to have one or two days' rest for them, if you will grant it. I have 130 men with me. Major Pace has four companies scouting the country you speak of, or this was the understanding when we separated. Answer.

J. T. ROSS,

Major, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 92. Saint Louis, Mo., September 4, 1863.

The militia of Kansas and Missouri not in the service of the United States will be used only for the defense of their respective States. They will not be permitted to pass from one State into the other without express orders from the district commander. No armed bodies of men not

