
belonging to the United States troops, or to thos portions of Kansas and Missouri which have been placed under the orders of the department commander by the Governors of the respective States, will be permitted, under any pretext whatever, to pass from one State to the other.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 5, 1863-10.30 p. m.

(Received September 7.)

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis, Tenn.:

If General Steele requires re-enforcements, you must do all in your power to assist him. Generals Rosecrans and Burnside must so occupy the enemy as to remove any danger of an attack on you. General Pope has been directed to send a part of his command to Helena. If necessary, you can stop them in Tennessee. I have no other available forces to send him.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 5, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Delegate from Colorado Territory represents that a Colorado regiment can very well be spared to re-enforce General Connor in Utah. If so, it should be sent immediately.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 5, 1863.

Major-General POPE, Milwaukee, Wis.:

Any troops you can possibly spare should be sent to Helena, to re-enforce General Steele. You are authorized to re-enlist the 500 mounted men as you propose.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 5, 1863-5 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington:

The following telegram, received from Major-General Hurlbut, is sent you at his request:

MEMPHIS, TENN., September 3, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Have hard from Steele. Iowa cavalry drove the enemy across Bayou Meto, where they are fortifying. Reports as to strength vary. Kirby Smith is reported to have said, "I will defend Texas at Little Rock." I will again state as my opinion that Steele should have 5,000 infantry at once. The Arkansas has not rise, and we must

