
charge of Corporal [A. W.] Heaton, was sent from this regiment August 22, 1863, to Bolivar, Mo. Two of the party returned this evening, and report that 4 of them went to Quincy and were there attacked by a party of 20 guerrillas. they called on the citizens for assistance, which was refused. A captain of the militia was present, and asked the captain of the guerrillas if he would interfere with the citizens, and was told they would not. He then told the citizens not to interfere with them. My men were taken prisoners, and two of them shot just outside of town; the other two were taken away with them. My men took possession of a building, and fought till their ammunition was expended, killing the captain of the band, which is reported certain, and whether any other is unknown. A stage driver, whose name is not exactly ascertained but is said to be something like Rembert, was captured, but afterward released. He was at Bolivar when my party left.

If consistent with the good of the service and your plans, I would like very much to send a mounted party from this regiment to Quincy, to act under your orders in the premises, and especially to find something about the missing men.

I am, general, with respect, your obedient servant,

HUGH J. CAMPBELL,

Major-General Eighteenth Iowa Volunteers.

KANSAS CITY, MO., September 7, 1863.

Captain J. G. REES, Independence, Mo.:

Quantrill is reported in the Hedgepath settlement, 6 miles east of Independence, with 250 men. Report considered reliable.

P. B. PLUMB,

Major and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, September 7, 1863.

Colonel T. J. HAINES,

Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: In reply to your telegram and letter, as to supplies for Major-General Steele's force, I would state that, under present orders, that command is in an anomalous condition. Davidson's column belongs to the Department of the Missouri; Steele's is wholly taken from my corps, and both are now operating within the limits of the Department of the Missouri, and are subject to the orders of Major-General Schofield. Thus the supplies should properly be furnished under supervision and control of his officers, and hence I request they might be furnished direct from Saint Louis. It was also to avoid handling by transshipment. By making Memphis a main depot and Helena an entrepot for these troops, I have no doubt in the present stage of water much delay will be avoided. I have, therefore, directed Lieutenant-Colonel [Charles D.] Hinsdill to make his arrangements so as to supply this expeditionary force from Memphis and Helena. The force may be practically estimated at 15,000; this will give sufficient margin. The subsistence supplies to Memphis should be increased in estimate about the same amount.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

