
will move a sufficient force in the direction of Fayetteville to drive Hunter from the road, and, if possible, capture him. One squadron will be detailed as guard to the telegraph train from Cassville in constructing the line of Fayetteville. It will leave here to-morrow under a light guard; from there a strong guard will be required. So soon as you have occupied Fayetteville, you will proceed vigorously to pursue, capture, and destroy all such bands as that of Hunter. Yours officers and men, from their knowledge of the country and the zeal inspired by their strong interest in restoring peace to Arkansas, are peculiarly fitted for this service, and I confidently expect them to make a record of honor to themselves and of usefulness to their State and country. Particular attention is called to General Orders, Numbers 30, series of these headquarters, and it is hoped that your subordinates will regard its provisions. Posts and highway are not the places to find bushwhackers. The by ways and mountain paths your men know so well are the real tracks to glory and honor. Night marches, sudden attacks, ambuscades, and untiring pursuit are the only cure for bushwhackers and guerrillaism. I expect the early return to the post of Fayetteville of the First Arkansas Infantry, and have no doubt hat these two regiments and the others now forming will be able to expel the enemy from Northwestern Arkansas.

Your attention is particularly called to the extension of the telegraph line, and you will give every facility to Mr. Paxson, the agent of construction, for its rapid extension. In exchange of prisoner, when your officers or men shall fall into the hands of the rebel forces, you will be strictly guided by General Orders, Numbers 142, from the War Department, series of 1862, and Numbers 207, of 1863.

Wishing success in your campaign, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN MCNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, September 8, 1863.

General EWING:

No sign of Quantrill yet. I advised Colonel Neill to break up camp yet, as we were able to take care of Lexington. I will try and find out to-day if Quantrill is anywhere in the country. There is a report here that Quantrill crossed the river last night. No truth in the report, I think. If he is on the river, we can corner and capture him be letting him have a day or two to settle.

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

MEMPHIS, TENN., September 9, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I have just heard from General Steele, date September 2. He was then at Brownsville; had pushed a party to Austin, 15 miles from Little Rock. He will either turn the works at Bayou Meto, on the north and west, or move rapidly across to Pine Bluff, on the Arkansas, crossing the river, and advancing on Little Rock from the south side, which is wholly undefended. In the latter case his base of supplies will be Napoleon, with a good road, plenty of water, and through a rich country.

