
JEFFERSON CITY, MO., September 9, 1863.

Colonel C. W. MARSH, Assistant Adjutant-General:

The notorious Manner Rucker was mortally wounded by troops sent from this post at Saint Aubert's, Callaway County, yesterday morning, and Captain Rafter was killed at Quincy, Hickory County, on the 5th. Those two, with their bands, have been a terror to the country.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Hickman Mills, Mo., September 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding District of the Border:

GENERAL: I received a report from Major Thacher, at 8 o'clock last evening, stating that Quantrill was 80 miles east of Independence. Believing that this station is in the best position to check any raid which may be made toward Kansas, I respectfully ask you, if possible, to send me another company immediately. Captain Rouell's men are constantly in the saddle, and with another such squadron of cavalry I believe that I can keep this section clear of guerrillas. A man was robbed near Pleasant Hill yesterday, and on Friday night last four of these cutthroats came within 2 miles of this post. I have sent a scout to the place where Quantrill was said to be last night, and another to the Little Blue. If possible, I should like to see a company here this evening.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. E. HAYES,

Lieutenant Colonel Twelfth Kansas Volunteers, Commanding Station.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 10, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: Your telegram of the 3rd instant, requesting that Senator Lane be written to by the President, was sent to the latter, but the declined writing to the former unless he should appeal to him against your orders that no invasion of Missouri should be made by the people of Kansas. The President fully approves your determination to prevent any such invasion. It could only lead to bloodshed and retaliation. At the same time active measures must be taken to break up and destroy Quantrill's band of robbers and murderers. Cannot the three regiments which General Pope is sending to you be employed advantageously for that purpose? I am of opinion that all Missouri and Kansas troops should be removed from that border, and troops from other States be put in their places.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI,Pilot Knob, Mo., September 10, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Mississippi, Saint Louis:

A scout through Reynolds, Shannon, and Oregon Counties returns with several prisoners, horses, and arms. Four guerrillas were killed

