
near the State line. Among the prisoners is a Captain Simpson, of the Confederate Army, in whose possession were official documents issued by General Kirby Smith and Gov. Thomas C. Reynolds to Colonel Waldo P. Johnson, authorizing the latter to recruit Confederate regiments and impress horses and other property in Missouri. I hope to get Johnson.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., September 10, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I inclose with this a telegram from Major-General Halleck.*

Steele has not called for any more men, though I hold a brigade (Fuller's Ohio) in readiness to move when he does so. I refer to my letter of yesterday as to Steele's plans.

There seems no doubt but that Johnston's forces have mainly gone to the Chattanooga line. I still think that there will be an abandonment of Arkansas, and the collection of as many men as they can take south in Texas and Northwestern Louisiana.

The mere march of troops from Napoleon, on the south side of the Arkansas River, will be a great lever of power over that region, which has been intensely secesh and is the wealthiest portion of the State.

I shall expect to hear from you soon, as my position is exceedingly embarrassing in relation to other Arkansas expeditions. Schofield does not give any orders, and General Halleck telegraphs me as if I were responsible. I do nothing but advise Steele, and leave him to his own devices, which, after al, I fancy, is the best way.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

UNITED STATES GUNBOAT HASTINGS,

Devall's Bluff, September 10, 1863.

Major General FRED. STEELE, U. S. Army,

Commanding United States Forces before Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have come up the river with additional gunboats, to assist in your movements. From the information I can gather here, I am not likely to have the pleasure of seeing you, unless I go over to Little Rock to congratulate you on your success and triumphs.

This river is falling, and there is not over 5 feet of water on some of the bars. If this is to be your base of supplies, the low water coming requires your prompt attention, as at 3 feet, the low-water stage, steamers could bring up very little freight indeed, while we have but one or two gunboats of sufficiently light draught to act as convoy. It is probable that all the gunboats, except two, will be obliged to leave this river within two weeks' time.

If I could have obtained conveyance, I would have gone over to your camp to-day. Horseback riding for such a distance is rather too much

---------------

*Of September 6. See p. 513.

---------------

