
PLEASANT HILL, September 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Commanding District of the Border:

SIR: I arrived here last evening. Our forces ready for the field number some 350. With these we propose to scout the Sni country, and should information fix Quantrill's locality or that of his band anywhere else, we will probably go there. As this force will remain some few days in this neighborhood, allow me to request that subsistence stores be sent here forthwith, say some five thousand rations. One of the infantry companies at Kansas City could escort the train. I think, in view of the disturbed state of public feeling in regard to Quantrill, it would be well to have the Associated Press informed that I am in pursuit of Quantrill and his gang, but that, being scattered into small parties, hiding in the brush, they are difficult [to find]. This ought to stop the continued gabble on the subject. I really can form no adequate idea as to our success. From all I can hear, we will have to scout the brush, and, probably, then only succeed in capturing small squads. I can form a better idea after reaching the Sni. We will, probably, be there to-day, unless something interesting is found this side of there.

Communications to me had better be addressed here.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. WEER,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., September 11, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the entire Indian Territory and Western Arkansas are in my possession and under my control, and the country is now open to the settlement of the Kansas Indians.

The most obnoxious rebels (citizens) have abandoned their homes here and gone to Texas. Those that remain express great satisfaction at the occupation of the country by Federal troops. Union men who had been driven to the mountains to save their lives are coming in daily by scores and enlisting in the various regiments. In my opinion, Western Arkansas ca be easily reclaimed. Forage exists in abundance, except hay. This will enable me to improve my stock, which is greatly reduced by hard service and no grain.

I wish to call your attention to the matter of supplies. I will not be able to get more than one train from Fort Scott, besides the one now on its way down. After the grass is killed by frost, there will be no forage on the entire route from Fort Scott to Fort Blunt. I shall direct the next train to bring down nothing but shall rations, and depend upon the country for bread. My information from below is that our forces have possession of Little Rock. This opens the Arkansas River, and I would respectfully urge that arrangements be made to ship supplies to this place by water as soon as the Arkansas is navigable. If it is not practicable to convoy transport as with a light-draught gunboat, in my opinion a guard of 25 to 50 infantry, with one or two howitzers, would insure the safety of any boat this side of Little Rock, I believe it as --- as the Missouri River (sic). Please inform me at as early a day as possible what can be done in this matter. I would also suggest the propriety of constructing the telegraph from Cassville to this place; all it

