
and privation of fare) to travel over this district, and see its wants and importance, I should be very glad to have him represent to the commanding general the state of things in this district. Light make manifest.

I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Colonel First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding District of Colorado.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 36. Milwaukee, Wis., September 12, 1863.

Hereafter no prisoners will be received into military custody from officers of the provost-marshal's department without a written statement of the offense with which the prisoner stands charged, with full particulars, such as can be presented in charges and specifications for his trial by court-martial. The commanding officer of any post or camp within this department receiving such prisoners, will forward to these headquarters a copy of such written statement, and also a written presentation of any grounds of defense offered by the party arrested, so that the matter can be examined into by the military authorities of the department.

Several cases of improper arrest by provost-marshals, involving much hardship and wrong, have already come to the notice of the military authorities. To prevent the recurrence of such injustice, the examination herein ordered will be carefully and completely made by every military commander to whom it is sought to turn over prisoners so arrested.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., September 13, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

A considerable force of guerrillas, well mounted and armed, under Colonel Clark, with five pieces of artillery, are 10 miles back of Daniels' Point, which is 12 miles above Osceola. The river is full of bars, and the boats are compelled to run under the Arkansas shore. Another force is reported coming in at Hickman's Bend. They should be dislodged at once. This is reliable, having come from a man who was their prisoner and saw the artillery force from Columbus. Will wait your orders, if you cannot shove it.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, September 13, 1863.

Messrs. EMERY, LYKINS, and LADD,

Committee, &amp;c.:

GENTLEMEN: In reply to your communication, presented to me by one of your number, on behalf of the people of Lawrence, asking for such force to be stationed among you as will give security to life and property and restore confidence to the people, I will inform you what steps

34 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

