
have been taken to that end. Since the Lawrence massacre I have sent nearly two regiments of good troops into General Ewing's district. The Governor of Kansas has been authorized to raise an additional regiment of cavalry for home service, which, I am informed, is rapidly filling up, and I have supplied the State with all the arms that can be used by the militia of the State. A proper use of the means thus placed at the disposal of General Ewing and Governor Carney, will make Kansas far more secure than any other portion of this department.

I would gladly station in Kansas sufficient troops to give entire security and confidence without the aid of the State militia, were it in my power to do so. To show you how impossible this is, it is only necessary to say that for several months I have had in continuous active service ten regiments of Missouri militia, not paid by the United States, and have, within a few days, been compelled to call upon the Governor of Missouri for two additional regiments to relieve volunteers which must be sent to re-enforce the army in Arkansas. The United States troops now stationed for the protection of Kansas are far more numerous in proportion than in any other portion of this department, and surely I may expect of the militia of Kansas, for a short time, what the militia of Missouri have done for so many months. I have full confidence that General Ewing and Governor Carney will make good use of the means placed at their disposal for the protection of Kansas. Of course, I must leave the details to them.

I believe you may confidently assure your people of as great a degree of security as is possible to exist the continuance of the war, and I hope you will do all in your power to allay their very natural yet unnecessary anxiety. Let me ask you, gentlemen, to bear my renewed assurances to the people of Lawrence and of Kansas of my deep sympathy for their recent great calamity, and of my solicitude for their future safety and prosperity. Accept for yourself the highest sentiments of consideration.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS EXPEDITION, Numbers 24. Little Rock, Ark., September 13, 1863.

Brigadier General N. Kimball is hereby assigned to the command of the Provisional Division, including the infantry brigade commanded by Colonel James M. True.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

GEORGE O. SOKALSKI,

First Lieutenant Second Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., September 14, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The divisional commanded by Brigadier General John E. Smith has started from Vicksburg to Helena, to re-enforce General Steele; left on the 11th. They are ordered across to Devall's Bluff. Four thousand infantry and two batteries.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

(Same to Schofield.)

