
represented. Your expedition is certainly large enough to exterminate them, and the major-general commanding desires you will urge the officers in command of the 500 cavalry sent out to use every effort to rid the country of this band and administer a lesson they will remember before returning.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., September 14, 1863.

A. D. SEARL, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: We have just returned from a scout through Lone Jack, Chapel Hill, Bloodsaw Mill, and Blue Springs, and, from information received, I am of the opinion that Quantrill intends another raid in Kansas on his way south. I think he intends to cross the line in the vicinity of Cold Water Grove, probably not far from where he went in the last time. You will immediately send this information to all the commands along the border; also notify the people of the towns and counties along the border. My opinion is, should Quantrill invade Kansas again, he will strike the line near Aubrey, by Paola and Ossawatomie, then pass down west to kill, burn, and plunder everything in their way south. Tell the troops and people of this, and, for God's sake, be on your guard. Leave nothing undone. I am doing everything possible. Colonel Weer is with me in command, and is trying hard to ferret out the bushwhackers. Finally, Searl, let no act or omission of ours favor these he 1-hounds in their designs on Kansas.

Respectfully,

C. S. CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CAMP NEAR OLD FORT MCKAY,

Arkansas River, September 14, 1863.

Lieutenant GEORGE H. STILWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Denver, Colo.:

SIR: I have kept the command under Lieutenant Edington near Cimarron Crossing since my last letter to you. Have been down the country myself as far as Fort Larned. Colonel Leavenworth has sent out from Larned one gun, with command, under Lieutenant Crocker, one scouting party of infantry, under Captain parmetar, and 50 mounted men, under Captain Read. They are scouting the road from Fort McKay to Walnut Creek. The Indians have stopped their depredations, and all chiefs say that they will prevent their tribes from committing further depredations. The only trouble that has occurred since I came down was the taking by force one ox from a train, and the robbing of Wagon-master Allen, of Honore's train (of Denver), if his pocket-book and $70 in money. The great scare that the Indians had last week was created by a party of Caddo Indians coming up from Texas with wagons and cattle, instead of hostile party of Texans. The man that I was to have arrested for selling liquor to the Indians Colonel Leavenworth claims as being in the District of Kansas, and will arrest

