
him, with all his property. I shall move up the country, toward Lyon, in two or three days.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

SCOTT J. ANTHONY,

Major First Colorado Volunteer Cavalry.

P. S.-I will give you the statements of Yellow Buffalo, chief of the Kiowas, Little Raven, chief of the Arapahoes, and other Indians, who report the same thing, and let you take it for what it is worth; I don't believe it. They state that runners have been down among the Indian tribes on the Arkansas from the Sioux and Cheyennes, of the Platte, trying to get the Indians of the plains all united for a general attack upon both the Platte and Arkansas routes, the attack to be made this fall, and that all the tribes, except the Cheyennes, refused; that the Cheyennes have agreed with the Sioux to commence war upon the Platte route very soon, and that we may look for trouble up there, but not here.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 15, 1863-4.30 p. m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

If the regiments sent to you by General Pope can possibly be spared, they should be sent to Corinth or Tuscumbia, to report to General Hurlbut. It is important that all troops that can possibly be spared be sent to the Tennessee River to assist General Rosecrans.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAINT LOUIS, MO.,

September 15, 1863-9.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

It will hardly be possible for me to send any troops to General Rosecrans. I am compelled to call out Missouri militia, to relieve troops sent to Steele, until General Pope's troops arrive. The radical papers are opposing it, and doing all in their power to create dissatisfaction in the militia.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS EXPEDITION, Numbers 28. Little Rock, Ark., September 15, 1863.

* * * *

III. The Union men of Conway County, Arkansas, are hereby authorized to form themselves into a company for the purpose of protecting themselves, their families and homes, from all violence and depredations on the part of rebels and all unauthorized persons.

IV. The Union men of Pulaski and Prairie Counties, Arkansas, are hereby authorized to form themselves into a company or companies for the purpose of home defense and the protection of their families and property from the depredations of guerrillas, rebels, and all unauthorized persons whatsoever.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

[GEORGE O. SOKALSKI,]

First Lieutenant Second Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

