
WASHINGTON, September 15, 1863-5.30 p. m.

Major-General POPE:

It is important that all the troops you can possibly spare should be immediately sent south; they will be used in Tennessee, a healthy country. Advise me of their movements.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAINT LOUIS, September 15, 1863.

Major-General POPE:

Please inform me when your troops will probably reach this place.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., September 15, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: Your telegram of this date received. The First Arkansas Infantry are with Colonel Cloud, as are one battalion of the Sixth Missouri State Militia and one of the Eighth, and four guns of Rabb's battery, and one squadron of the First Arkansas Cavalry, with two howitzers. Eleven companies of the First Arkansas Cavalry are either at Cassville, with one section of First Arkansas Battery, or clearing the road between there and Fayetteville. Four companies of the Eighth are on the road to Rolla, guarding trains and mails, with occasional scouts in pursuit of guerrillas. One company is in Hickory County, with directions to pursue, capture, and destroy the devils who murdered the men of the Eighteenth Iowa at Quincy, and two companies in Newton County, under that energetic bushwhacker and brave soldier, Captain Burch. Four companies of the Sixth are in Benton, Vernon, and Saint Clair Counties, to trap Quantrill's men and to enforce General Orders, Numbers 92, of your headquarters. I have one company of the Sixth and Eighteenth Iowa Infantry, two sections First Arkansas Battery, and one of Rabb's battery here with me, and a few recruits. If the First Arkansas Infantry and two cavalry battalions return to Fayetteville, there will be force enough to wipe out anything north of the mountains, and, when I can arm and equip the recruits, to drive all hostile parties north of the river. I hope the assistance of Colonel Cloud's force was essential to General blunt, for, to say the least, his leaving this district with the best troops I had-those I depended on to make a firm stand in Northern Arkansas-was unfortunate for my plans, Hunter's, Ruff's, Arrington's, Brown's, and other bands are raiding that country now and harassing our trains, when we should be making the country too hot for them. The Eighteenth Iowa Infantry has been at this point too long. It is a good regiment and well officered, but is suffering from the canker of too long a rest in post. The best interests of the service and of the regiment would be advanced by ordering them to the field at once. There is no danger of losing anything we have gained in front, while we are keeping the country comparatively quiet. The occupation by the Enrolled Missouri Militia and the arming of loyal

