HDQRS. 17TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, September 16, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis:

GENERAL: Official information having just been received from General Steele that he is in Little Rock, and that Price is retreating, pursued by Davidson, I have, by direction of Major-General Grant, ordered Brigadier General John E. Smith to return to this place with his command, without disembarking it, unless General Steele has some important move on hand, which renders it necessary that he should remain for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to Smith.)
HDQRS. SEVENTH DIVISION, SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Helena, Ark., September 16, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding District of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to send you copy of my orders: also a report of my command, be regiments, as directed by you.

In pursuance of my orders, I sent one of my aides, via White River, who left this morning, to communicate with General Steele. A copy of my communications is herewith inclosed.

The non-arrival of part of my command until this morning prevented my leaving, but I had intended doing so to-morrow morning. Having no camp and garrison equipage, it will not be pleasant to remain in camp long here, as I cannot go from the river, as I learn there is no water this side of Big Creek, some 20 miles from here.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. 17TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, Miss., September 7, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN E. SMITH,

Commanding Seventh Division:

GENERAL: You will immediately get your division in readiness to move, and embark it on transports as soon as they can be got ready, and proceed to Helena, Ark., thence to the support of Major-General Steele, in the direction of Little Rock. As your absence from here will be temporary, you will only take the effective men for duty, leaving behind the sick, camp and garrison equipage, and transportation such as you are directed to take. The commanding will go provided with 200 rounds of infantry ammunition to the man and 200 rounds of artillery ammunition for each piece of the two batteries which you take with you, ten days' rations, ten days' forage, four wagons to each regiment, one for each brigade headquarters, two for each battery, two for division headquarters, and ten for additional division train.

On arriving at Helena, you will most probably find instructions awaiting

