
you from General Steele's. If not, you will communicate with him as soon as possible, and will take the quickest and most practicable route to join him, whether by water or land.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General.

HELENA, ARK., September 15, 1863.

Major-General STEELE,

Commanding United States Forces, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copy of my orders, and to report the arrival of my command, consisting of 2,800 aggregate, including two batteries, at this place, where I learn that Little Rock is in your possession. This being the case, I presume you do not need my forces; but under my orders I have no discretion in the matter, but will move out to-morrow morning (16th instant), moving in the direction of Devall's Bluff, where I will await further orders from you.

The bearer, Lieutenant White, aide-de-camp, will receive any orders you may have to send.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

KANSAS CITY, MO., September 16, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Weer, who has been out a week with four companies, reports that one of his detachments, under Captain Coleman, yesterday discovered and surprised Quantrill's main camp on the Snibar, killing 2 guerrillas and capturing 40 horses and equipments, and a large amount of clothing, provisions, arms, and ammunition. The guerrillas fired but one volley and then disappeared int he thick underbrush, where successful pursuit was impossible. The guerrilla bands are scattering themselves, and eluding the scouting parties from the various posts. The indications are they are preparing for another raid or an attack on some one of the posts. Reports from Fort Scott of large numbers returning from rebel armies. Nearly all joining guerrillas. Eleven of Marmaduke's men surrendered a few days ago.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS KANSAS MILITIA,Leavenworth, September 16, 1863.

Major General J. L. MCDOWELL:

SIR: You will proceed immediately to the counties of Johnson, Miami, Linn, and the western portion of Bourbon, with arms and ammunition for the organized State militia of those counties, and superintend their distribution. You will first distribute arms and ammunition to such forces you may order into active service. You will order into active service such number of troops as you may deem necessary for the protection of the border. If here are not men enough to accomplish this object, you will call them from the adjoining counties, taking care duly

