
that every portion of the border, from the Kansas River south, is fully protected. You will take command of the troops when organized, and report to these headquarters from time to time.

THOMAS CARNEY,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief.

LEAVENWORTH, KANS., September 16, 1863.

Honorable JAMES H. LANE:

SIR: I called this morning at the Leavenworth Arsenal, and Major [John] McNutt, the ordnance officer, informed me that no orders had been received to deliver the battery of mountain howitzers upon the order with you gave me. He said that General Ripley, in his letter of transmittal, said "they were sent at your solicitation, to be used by the citizens of Kansas in defense of the State," but unless orders from the War Office came to deliver to you, a requisition would have to be taken to Saint Louis and have General Schofield approve it. No time should be lost. Our people feel very insecure, and a perfect stampede is taking place among our citizens in the border counties in Kansas. They have lost all confidence in the present military commanders, or their being able to stop the entrance of Quantrill and his gang; besides, quantrill has notified the Union citizens of the border counties of Kansas, south of the Kaw River, that they must leave within fifteen days, as he intends to destroy everything. Hundreds are arriving here daily from that part of our State. The present state of things in Southern Kansas is truly lamentable.

Rumor reached here this morning that Quantrill has sacked and burned Ossawatomie night before last. We know not whether it is true, but have dispatched messengers to ascertain.

If I am to drill the citizens of Lawrence in artillery, I should like to commence soon, and orders to deliver the guns to me should be telegraphed at once.

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. B. STOCKTON.

[Memorandum.]

SEPTEMBER 25, 1863.

This morning Senator Lane called at the War Department, and requested that the mountain howitzers be turned over to Colonel C. W. Adams, Twelfth Kansas Regiment (at Lawrence).

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., September 16, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Dispatch received. Have instructed Sibley to have three regiments ready immediately to ship south, with full supply of wagons and mules. Will require some days, as only parts of two regiments have yet reached Snelling. Another regiment will be sent by October 1. Please let me know when they are to go.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

