
mutineers of the Eleventh Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, conduct them to the cars, and escort them to Rolla, where they will be delivered to Brigadier General Thomas A. Davies, commanding District of Rolla. General Davies, on the receipt of the prisoners, will forthwith put them at hard labor, under a strong guard, on the block-houses and other fortifications now being erected at that point.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Little Rock, Ark., September 19, 1863.

[Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT:]

GENERAL: Your communication directing me to report to General Schofield and the one of the 9th instant are both received. When I wrote you at Brownsville, my plans were not matured, but a thorough reconnaissance around the enemy's position enabled me to adopt one which has been entirely successful. I reported to you the capture of Little Rock. My report of operations was addressed to Schofield, in obedience to orders. I directed my aide-de-cam, Captain [Charles T.] Scammon, to show it to you. Schofield is too far off to have anything but a nominal command over me; besides, he is my junior, and has never commanded even a company on the battle-field.

His plan of the campaign has just now reached me, nine days after its completion. The enemy's works are much stronger than i had anticipated. It would have been very difficult for me to have dislodged him, had he defended them. Price was alarmed and thrown into confusion by a strategy; he seems not to have anticipated any movement on our part across the Arkansas, and as soon as he was told that we had crossed, he exclaimed that his flank was turned, and that his position was untenable.

My report gives a narrative of the principal events. I shall write a letter to General Halleck this evening, in which I shall acknowledge my indebtedness to you for the support necessary to enable me to accomplish what I have done. There is no doubt but that Price had a larger force than I had. His clerk informs me that he had over 20,000 on paper, but only about 12,000 present for duty on the day we took the city. This clerk is a tutor in the family of Mr. Bertrand, who is one of the first men in this place, ad loyal to the United States.

From all accounts, Price's army is demoralized, and half disbanded. If I could have crossed the Arkansas with my infantry and pursued them on the night of the 10th, I have no doubt but that the whole rebel force would have dispersed. Their main force is now at Arkadelphia. I am told that they have made preliminary arrangements to move into Texas. Marmaduke's men, disguised in Federal uniforms, have been murdering Union men wherever they could find them outside of our lines. Bands of guerrillas have also been organizing around us, and have shot or pickets. Union men show quite as strong a desire to enter the contest, and apply to me daily for permission to form companies for their own protection. A regiment could be raised in this vicinity in a short time, if there were any authority for it. Colonel Cloud, with a small force, arrived here last evening from Blunt's command. He says the mountaineers are all for the Union, indeed, I am satisfied that the majority of the people of the State tired of rebel oppression, and earnestly desire the re-establishment of the old Government. A deputation

