
of the most respectable citizens of Pine Bluff waited upon me the other day, and requested me to keep a force there to protect them against the depredations of the rebels. I have been obliged to divide the cavalry into detachments, and station them a different points for the protection of our communications, and to break up bands of marauding rebels. I have had the locomotive repaired, and expect the train will run to Devall's Bluff to-morrow or next day. I expect instructions in regard to future operations. I understand it is expected of me at present to hold the line of the Arkansas.

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. NINTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Helena, Ark., September 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Asst. Adjt. Ge., Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the arrival of my command at Helena, Ark., on the 18th instant. On account of very low water in White River, the steamboat Mars, my transport, cannot proceed on her voyage to Devall's Bluff. In consequence thereof, I disembarked here, and reported to General Buford, commandant of Post Helena, laying my order from headquarters Department of the Missouri before him.

There being no transports of light draught in port, I concluded to march across the country to Devall's Bluff. In order to carry it into effect, I made requisition for the necessary transportation, but could not obtain any, the Arkansas expedition having exhausted all the means of the post. The late other limiting transportation of regiments to about seven wagons is undoubtedly intended for regiments belong to a brigade and division provided with quartermaster, commissary, ammunition, and forage trains.

The country between here and Little Rock is entirely destitute of corn and grass. I therefore need some wagons to carry forage. To carry 10 rounds of ammunition per man requires three or four wagons; 20,000 rations, as per Special Orders, Numbers 248, requires about ten more wagons.

From official information derived here, I learn that General Steele now occupies Little Rock. General Smith's division arrived here from Vicksburg to re-enforce General Steele's command; will return to Vicksburg. I mention these facts merely to show that by my unavoidable delay no unfavorable consequences will arise to General Steele's command.

My command belonging to the Department of the Missouri, and being under direct orders from headquarters thereof, I think I am correct in considering myself solely under orders from those headquarters, except so far as local duty is concerned.

Waiting for instructions, I remain, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARTHUR JACOBI,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Lieutenant-Colonel Jacobi will report by letter to Major-General Steele for further orders. It is presumed his regiment will not be required at Little Rock. If not, he will remain at Helena until further orders from these headquarters.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

