
I will not hesitate to order General Fisk to report to you at once, as I cannot get to Little Rock from this point at present, and, perhaps, not before the spring rains are over. General Curtis ordered me to remain at Helena until I was re-enforced by General Fisk, because I was not strong enough to move here or anywhere else, and how I will be compelled to withdraw to Saint Charles, and perhaps, to Napoleon or Helena; yet it is true that I can do nothing here at present. General Fisk will get down as soon as possible.

I am, general, truly, your obedient servant,

W. A. GORMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 19, 1863.

Brigadier General THOMAS A. DAVIES, Columbus, Ky.:

If you have been relieved by General Grant, you will report for duty to General Curtis at Saint Louis.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS.3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, Camp Curtis, Ark., January 19, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS,Commanding Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I have just received a dispatch from General Schofield, dated Huntsville, Ark., 19th instant, informing me that, under orders from you, I am to report directly to you as commander of the Eight and Ninth Districts.

I have ordered my adjutant, Lieutenant Gallaher, to forward at once a consolidated morning report of date, in addition to tri-monthly reports that have to be made, so that you may be advised of the condition of my forces at the earliest possible moment. As soon as I receive reports of the condition of affairs at Fayetteville I will report it. I started my supply train to Fort Scott. The supply of commissaries' stores left with me is inadequate, but I am running two little water mills and thrashing wheat,and expect, by giving part rations of sugar, coffee, salt &amp;c., to make supplies last until the train gets back. I was directed by written orders from General Schofield to hold the line of Arkansas River and subsist the destitute Cherokees and other destitute citizens. In the Indian Nation there is no forage and little food. Every scout I send toward Arkansas River costs just so much horse-flesh. Still, I shall endeavor, if possible, to keep the enemy over the Arkansas River until I go forward and occupy it in the early spring.

There are several other matters of importance connected with the Indian portion of my command requiring the profound and earnest attention of the Government. I shall send separate communication under the separate heads accompanying this report. I have been informed that a party of Indians, said to be Pawness (I suspect Osages), are on Grand River. I have sent a small scout to watch them and report what they are and what they are really doing. As they are 90 miles off, I sent me force. In fact, I shall not divide my force, unless ordered to do so, until I know what has become of Marmaduke. My forces are barely adequate to take him, even if I keep them together, and I am keeping

