
fact of its uniform operation prevented it from becoming the subject of serious complaint.

What the legal status of these regiments will be when organized becomes an interesting question. They are not United States troops, and can draw no pay from the General Government, nor do we know of any law which recognizes them as State troops. It is given out, we believe-it is the talk in certain circles-that the Legislature is expected next winter, by an act then to be passed, to legalize the organization of these regiments and the proceedings which have led to their formation. This may, possibly, account for the somewhat singular circumstance that not on of these regiment, so far as we can learn, has been organized without including some member of the present State senate or house of representatives among its officers. It is perfectly safe to say that, unless the Legislature hereafter does something in the premises, such as we have stated, not an officer or man in one of these regiments will ever get one cent of pay for his services, which must, in any event, come out of the treasury, or rather be predicated upon the credit of the State. Now, in view of this extraordinary proceeding, conducted with so much secrecy and cunning, we hold that the people of Missouri have a right to inquire, what does it mean? They have a right to ask under what law, warrant, or authority is this thing being done-what is the object in view-and they should insist upon clear, full, and unequivocal answers being given. We think we know what will be the answer as to the object of these organizations. It will be stated to be the defense of Union men against guerrillas and other rebels. But if our State authorities are so anxious to protect Union men, we ask why they have exerted themselves so actively, as the fact is, to have the regular volunteer troops of the United States, who were sent here for that very purpose, removed from the State, and who were paid by the United States, thus imposing the duty, and the danger upon citizens of Missouri, to be performed without pay, or the pay to come out of their own pockets.

As to the law of the case, we understand the statute passed by the Claib. Jackson Legislature, under which such gatherings as Camp Jackson were organized, is understood to be still in force; but this only provides for the organization of a volunteer militia, while it is well known that but few members of the provisional regiments have volunteered. They have generally been detailed or conscripted, and without a resort to this process of enlistment not one of these regiments could have been formed.

Connected with this subject are several things of striking significance to be considered. One is the name of these regiments-Provisional-the same as the distinctive name of the present State government, carrying the idea, by implication, that they belong especially to it; another is the manner in which they are officered. Friends-we might, in many instances, say creatures-of the provisional government are alone put in command. Then, in connection with these facts, showing that this military force is thus being sought to be made utterly subservient to the provisional government, we have the fact, first stated by us, that the organs of this government charge all who seek to oust this government, in the legal and usual mode of the ballot-box, with being "conspirators;" that is, men who are seeking to do a thing which will not be allowed, but will be forcibly resisted. When we consider, further, that the provisional government was not created in the legal and usual mode of the ballot-box; that it was, at least in the form of its origin, usurpatory; that it has already perpetuated itself long beyond the time for

