
KANSAS CITY, MO., September 21, 1863.

C. W. BLUNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A small scouting party from Trading Post followed a body of 150 rebels, going south from the mouth of the Little Osage, 5 or 6 miles. Two squadrons of the Third Wisconsin, at Little Osage Post-Office, in General Blunt's district, were apprised of the presence and movements of rebels. Rumor of large rebel force coming north, through Carthage and Lamar, of which I telegraphed you, proves entirely groundless, as the commanding officer at Fort Smith informs me. In the last few days camps of guerrillas in Jackson, La Fayette, and Johnson Counties have been broken up; 10 guerrillas killed and considerable capture of horses made. Their numbers are not perceptibly decreasing, but I think it probable they will, in small squads, work their way south out of the district, and not attempt another raid.

THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., September 21, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel HAYES,

Commanding Hickman Mills, Mo.:

COLONEL: You will guard thoroughly, with your infantry, all the crossings of the Blue south of the mouth of Indian as far as you can, commencing before day to-morrow morning and continuing until you see fit to stop. You will take all your available cavalry, and scout the country thoroughly from Indian Creek to Aubrey, calling on commander at Aubrey for all available spare troops to aid you. I have sent an order to Captain [Jerome] Kunkel for that purpose. If you cannot go out with your troops, or think it best to remain, Captain Coleman will go with them. He is very familiar with the country, and knows the habits of the animal better than any one not experienced. This movement will be made with the utmost secrecy. You will have all your troops under cover, so as to be unobserved, by daylight to-morrow morning. Major [L. K.] Thacher will commence, at the same time, to scout the country the road from Westport to Olathe.

Very respectfully, yours,

THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., September 21, 1863.

Colonel E. LYNDE,

Ninth Regiment Kansas Volunteers, Kansas City, Mo.:

COLONEL: You will take command of the troops on the border stationed in the counties of Miami and Linn, Kansas, and also of those at Little Santa Fe, Mo. You will patrol the line thoroughly from Little Santa Fe to the southern boundary of the district, making such new stations along it, either in Kansas or Missouri, as you find expedient, causing reports to be sent here from each station daily. You will be expected to scout thoroughly Bates County, Missouri, and that part of

