
has not reformed them. I have exhorted, encouraged, and ordered that every man and woman who has the welfare of the country at heart should aid the military authorities in the extermination of guerrillas and the restoration of quietness. Fredericktown has not been captured nor Saint Francis Bridge attacked except in the Saint Louis papers.

I have encouraged the people to re-establish their schools, reopen their churches, and cultivate fraternal and social feeling among themselves, instead of running to me with complaints and rehearsals of neighborhood quarrels. Two seminary buildings have been converted from stables and barracks into flourishing schools. More than thirty common schools have been opened, and are being conducted without molestation. Industrial pursuits are being resumed, and an improved condition of affairs generally is manifest.

If we had sufficient force to permit the establishment of a post at Pocahontas, Ark., I believe that a strong Union feeling would be speedily developed in that region, and many would repent and be baptized. I am now in correspondence with certain parties along the border who are desirous of redemption from the evils of rebellion.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., September 22, 1863.

General FISK:

Have just received dispatch from Major Poole, saying that he had attacked the guerrillas who lately robbed Charles [Saint Charles?], killing 5 of them and wounding a number. Poole had 4 men wounded. Captured 10 horses and a number of arms.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., September 22, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BURRIS,

Commanding Pleasant Hill, Mo.:

COLONEL: I hope you will keep your forces moving as energetically as possible. We have but about one month's hard work this season yet, and you may better overwork your command than underwork it.

One hundred and fifty crossed the Osage at the mouth of the Little Osage on the 19th instant, going south. They must cross your beat to get south from the Blue and Sni, and I strongly believe you will halt them.

If a man comes to you with "I. W. T." in India ink on his left fore-arm, and a Masonic sign in the same print and place, you may count pretty, confidently on his information being correct. Keep him dark.

Yours, truly,

THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Plumb, with H and B, Eleventh Kansas, and the two companies of the Eleventh Missouri from Bledson's, near Chapel Hill, will operate hereafter from Independence.

