
swindling and wrong to the Indians in which have originated nearly all of our Indian difficulties. Cease to pay money to the Indians, and the temptation of the whites to go amongst them and cheat them is nearly altogether taken away. I cannot too strongly set forth this view, and I urgently request that the Government will hereafter positively prohibit the authorized agents from introducing any article into treaties providing for money or any other annuities. The Indians now desire only peace, and let that alone be their inducement to keep peaceful. They now ask no more, and it will be altogether unwise to give more to a barbarous people, who are ruled alone by their fears. In this department I look upon the adoption of these views as vitally essential to our peaceful relations with the Sioux. No Indians of the Sioux Nation are now believed to be within 250 miles of any settlement in Minnesota, except the half-bread settlement at Pembina, and General Sibley is instructed, in his communications with them, to fix this limit to their approach, on penalty of at once renewing hostilities against them.

General Sully's success on the Upper Missouri, pushed vigorously, as he has orders to do, will lead to the same results in that quarter; and I think it may safety be assumed that Indian hostilities, on any considerable scale hereafter, are transferred to the south side of the Missouri River. It is probable that it will be necessary, or at least advisable, that a strong cavalry force take the field next spring, and make a campaign against the Teton Sioux south of the Missouri River, by way of the Black Hills and Fort Benton.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., September 23, 1863.

Judge PRICE,

Mount Vernon:

JUDGE: I have the honor to inform you that, in pursuance of previous understanding, I have sent a mounted force of 150 men to Neosho, Newton County, to remain there during the sitting of your court. The officer is directed to aid the sheriff you appoint in the serving of process, and to give protection to all good citizens attending court. The same orders are given to Captain McAfee, stationed at Newtonia. With this force I am inclined to think your court can be held and the majesty of the law properly asserted.

Hoping that the mild and beneficent reign of law under your command may take the place of military rule under mine, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 260. Saint Louis, September 23, 1863.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

IV. La Fayette, Johnson, and Henry Counties, and the portion of Saint Clair County, Missouri, now belonging to the District of the Border, are hereby transferred to the District of Central Missouri.

Commanding officers will report accordingly to Brigadier General E. B. Brown,

