
on his returns and use them. The other man had several boxes of common chewing tobacco. Captain Schmitz distributed this among the men.

The cavalry (Major Poole's battalion Second Missouri Cavalry) met my detachment at Osceola, and will return in a few days. On their way down they had a skirmish, and killed Captain Mott and 6 men (bushwhackers), wounding others. Their report will go to General Fisk, of course.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., September 25, 1863.

General FISK,

Commanding:

At Chester, Ill., yesterday, I saw powder landed. The amount sold into Missouri from that place is enormous. A very reliable Union man there told me that powder was sold there to go as low down as opposite Memphis. I am fully convinced that it is sold to our swamp guerrillas by the keg. One Jew named Black has sold large quantities to come to this side. I propose that Captain C. C. Williams, late in the service, now owner of the ferry-boat at that place, be appointed to regulate the trade in contraband of war with Missouri at that place. He is a reliable Union man. He will attend to it for $50 per month. Failing to get him appointed, I shall be compelled to send troops opposite there, and close the trade. The attention of the authorities at Saint Louis has frequently been called to this with no effect. It has been made a regular depot of supplies for guerrillas.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

BAILEY'S, September 25, 1863.

General FISK:

Lieutenant Sutton returned an hour ago; reports rebels recruiting and organizing in Ripley and Butler Counties. Tim Reves, at Pocahontas, expects to take command of the whole and come into Missouri. Notorious Wash. Neighbors ran on his pickets at 3 o'clock this morning, fired on him, and captured a stolen horse he had, but failed to get him.

F. LAYTON,

Major, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 26, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith the President's written approval* of your General Orders, No. 96. I would advise the exercise of great caution and discretion in the execution of this order, especially toward the newspaper press. Anything that has the appearance of persecution or oppression will incite public sympathy in favor of the individual culprit and against you.

Neither faction in Missouri, is really friendly to the President and administration, but each one is striving to destroy the other, regardless of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

