
all other considerations. In their mutual hatred they seem to have lost all sense of the perils of the country and all sentiments of national patriotism. Every possible effort should be made to allay this better party strife in that State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Helena, Ark., September 26, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I arrived here, with a portion of my command, on the evening of the 14th instant. Finding no instructions, and believing the whole command would arrive during the night of the 14th instant, I intended to march on the morning of the 15th instant. A portion of the command, however, did not arrive until 12 m. of the 15th. I at once relieved my transportation, and sent Lieutenant White, of my staff, to report to General Steele, and issued orders to march at 4 a.m. of the 16th instant. Captain [Martin K.] Cook, of General Hurlbut's staff, arrived on the night of the 15th instant, and ordered me into camp at this place. After making my men as comfortable as possible, by taking the camp equipage belonging to General Steele's command, I proceeded to Memphis, with the view of conferring with General Hurlbut, whom I found absent. I awaited his return last Thursday, 24th instant, when I received an order to return to Vicksburg. Upon my return last evening, I found General Grant's order. There were then but two transports here by which I could transport three regiments and two batteries. I have already embarked on board the steamer Julia, and will report to Major-General Hurlbut for further instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Glasgow, Mo., September 26, 1863.

Colonel DOUGLASS,

Mexico:

I returned from a two days' scout below here last night. We ousted Bill Jackson and his gang of thieves, mortally wounded one of them, and, from signs, others, captured 3 horses, 1 Sharps' rifle, 1 double-barrelled shot-gun, 1 Navy revolver, blankets, ammunition, &amp;c. There are three distinct bands in this county, below here, and if I had a few more men I could soon run them out.

JOHN TILLMAN,

Captain, Commanding Post.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 233. Memphis, Tenn., September 27, 1863.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

II. Brigadier General Frederick Salomon, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed without

