
delay to Little Rock, Ark., reporting in person to Major-General Frederick Steele for assignment to duty.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., September 28, 1863.

Major General FRED. STEELE,

Commanding Arkansas Expedition, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have received your report of operations ending with the capture of Little Rock, and forwarded it to the General-in-Chief. I am much gratified at your success, and congratulate you most heartily. I have written to General Halleck relative to future operations in Arkansas, and expect his reply in a few days.

Whatever we may do hereafter, I think Little Rock, or some point near it, should be well fortified, so that we may hold it in any event. I desire, as soon as possible, to occupy the whole country sufficiently to put down the guerrillas and restore the authority of the Government.

I am told that a large proportion of the people about Little Rock are loyal, and, doubtless, many of them will enter the service. You are authorized to muster in as infantry all that desire to enlist. Select the officers with care, and forward their names to me for the approval of the War Department.

It will be necessary very soon, probably by the 1st of November, to draw supplies from Little Rock for the troops at Fort Smith. If the river does not rise in time, a train will be sent from Fort Smith. I have ordered supplies to be sent from here to meet that demand.

I will write you more fully as soon as I hear from Washington. The demand for troops elsewhere may contract our operations in Arkansas, but I hope not.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

INDEPENDENCE, MO., September 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General EWING:

Bushwhackers have been openly in town to-night, and around it in slight force. Have only burned a barn and arrested some citizens. I believe their movement is intended to mislead me. I will not regard it, but proceed with my plan. We are now fairly started. Have an eye upon the safety of this point. The company at the fort of the Blue seems to be asleep.

WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 28, 1863.

Major-General POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: Yours of the 22nd, to the Secretary of War, is just received. By forwarding to you papers from the Department of the Interior it is not intended that you should necessarily carry out the views contained

