
in such papers. They are sent for your information, and it is left to your discretion to adopt the suggestions or not, as you may deem best. From your immediate connection with the Indian country, it is presumed that you will have the proper information to form a correct judgment, keeping in mind that almost every Indian agency is continually calling for additional troops, whether they are really needed or not. Were all such calls answered, a large portion of our army would soon be stationed in the Indian country, for the benefit of contractors and speculators.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 101. Saint Louis, Mo., September 28, 1863.

The right of the people to peaceably assemble for all lawful purposes, and the right to freely express their will at the polls according to law, are essential to civil liberty. No interference with these rights, either by violence, threats, intimidation, or otherwise, will be tolerated.

Any commissioned officer who shall incite or encourage any interference with any lawful assemblage of the people, or who shall fail to do his utmost to prevent such interference, shall be dismissed the service; and any officer, soldier, or civilian who shall, by violence, threats, or otherwise, actually interfere with any such lawful assemblage of the people shall be punished by imprisonment or otherwise, at the discretion of a court-martial or military commission.

Any officer, soldier, or civilian who shall attempt to intimidate any qualified voter in the exercise of his right to vote, or who shall attempt to prevent any qualified voter from going to the polls or voting, shall be punished by imprisonment or otherwise, a the discretion of a court-martial or military commission.

Special attention is called to the Fifth Article of War, which will be applied to commissioned officers of Missouri militia not in active service as well as to officers and soldiers in actual service.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 102. Saint Louis, Mo., September 28, 1863.

I. The following order from the Governor of Missouri is published for general information:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS STATE OF MISSOURI,

No. 24. Saint Louis, September 26, 1863.

The militia of the State, whether in active service will be made, as heretofore, to the adjutant-general of the State; and all reports and returns of militia in active service will be made to the assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters, through the proper

37 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

