
subordinate commanders, in the same manner as those of United States troops.

Militia in active service are placed on the same footing as United States troops, so far as regards their duties and subordination to the district or subordinate commanders under whom they may be serving; but no militia officer will be placed under command of a United States officer of a lower grade.

The militia not in active service are positively prohibited from exercising any military authority, making arrests, or doing any other act which troops alone may lawfully do.

The following regiments of Enrolled Missouri Militia are now in active service, viz: First Provisional Regiment, Colonel J. B. Douglass commanding; Second Provisional Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel [William R.] Harrison commanding; Third Provisional Regiment, Colonel J. B. Hale commanding; Fifth Provisional Regiment, Colonel Henry Neill commanding; Sixth Provisional Regiment, Colonel Henry Sheppard commanding; Seventh Provisional Regiment, Colonel J. D. Allen commanding; Eighth Provisional Regiment, Colonel William H. McLane commanding; Ninth Provisional Regiment, Colonel Thomas L. Crawford commanding; Twenty-sixth Enrolled Regiment, one company, Captain [Morgan] Kelly commanding.

In case of emergency, which will not admit of delay, United States district commanders are authorized to call into active service, for the time being, such additional forces from the Enrolled Militia of their districts as they may deem necessary, and in such case will assign competent and reliable militia or other officers to their temporary commands.

Except in the case mentioned above, no additional militia will be called into active service except by the orders of the major-general commanding.

All organizations of a military character, except such as are authorized by law and ordered by competent authority, are strictly prohibited.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMORANDA.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 28, 1863.

Generals BANKS, GRANT, and STEELE:

The rebel Secretary of War directs General Kirby Smith to break up all plantations within 8 or 10 miles of the Mississippi River on west side, remove the negroes, and remove or destroy the cotton. He is also directed to organize batteries of artillery to operate on that shore and fire upon river boats. One object in breaking up the plantations is to prevent our receiving any information of rebel movements.

All persons in the Trans-Mississippi District who manifest any desire for reconstruction of the Union are to be severely punished.

Funds are to be sent via Havana and Matamoras, and thence to Arkansas, under military escort furnished by General Magruder. A million of dollars have been sent to Shreveport, La., and more will be forwarded across the Mississippi as opportunities may occur.

The Postmaster-General establishes Shreveport and Camden as general mail depots west of the Mississippi, to and from which points the mails are to be sent across the river as opportunities occur.

