
If you are able to occupy Red River as a ling of defense, I think the points to be occupied in Arkansas will be about the same, but the force required much less.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI,Pilot Knob, Mo., September 29, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I had the honor to addressing you, under date of 22nd instant, with a statement of the condition of affairs in this district, and suggested that, if practicable, a post should be established at Pocahontas. I am in receipt such intelligence from Northern Arkansas as leads me to renew the suggestion, and earnestly recommend the early occupancy by troops of some point on or near White River-either Pocahontas, Batesville, or Jacksonport. There is a great breadth of country between this point and the Arkansas and White Rivers in which there is no Federal post. Hundreds of deserters from Price's army are coming back into this region. Reves, Crandall, Freeman, Reed, and Wood, with their clans, either refused to accompany Marmaduke as he moved southward to join Price, or have deserted him since, and are returning to resume their guerrilla warfare along the border, I believe there are loyal men enough in that region to rally and drive out the rascals, if they could be encouraged by the presence of Federal troops at one of the before-mentioned points, and at the same time it would do much toward giving permanent tranquillity to Southern Missouri. One regiment of cavalry would probably be sufficient. Such command of a discreet and efficient officer, would do much to convince the people of the earnestness of the Government in the redemption of Northern Arkansas from the thraldom of rebels.

I have now two strong detachments of cavalry on missions of bushwhacking extermination in Oregon, Ripley, Wayne, and Butler Counties. They will remain along the border for twenty days, unless the enemy become too strong for them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 103. Saint Louis, Mo., September 29, 1863.

Colonel J. V. Du Bois, additional aide-de-camp, is assigned to duty as chief of cavalry on the staff of the major-general commanding.

The commander of each corps, division, or detached brigade in the field, and each district commander, will select, subject to the approval of the commander of the department, a competent cavalry officer to act as chief of cavalry on his staff.

The names of the officers selected will be forwarded without delay to department headquarters, for the approval of the commanding general.

The chiefs of cavalry will report by letter to Colonel Du Bois for instructions, which will be their guide the discharge of their duties.

