
of the Government. It is impossible for me to be blind to this fact, notwithstanding the existence to some extent of the factional feeling to which you allude.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

[Inclosure NO.1.*]

Ninety-six. That is very different from '76. Seventy-six was in the interest of freedom. Ninety-six is given below. It came by telegraph yesterday. It is Schofield's last blow at the Republicans of Missouri and Kansas. Quantrill, with the blood of 227 Kansas loyalists reeking from his fingers, will give a hideous and joyous shriek as he reads this order:

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 96. Saint Louis, September 17.

The proclamation of the President, dated Washington, September 15, suspending the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in the cases of persons belonging to the land and naval forces of the United States, and other persons therein described, will be held to apply to all Missouri militia called into service under the orders of the department commander.

Hereafter martial law will be rigidly enforced throughout this department against all persons who may in any manner encourage mutiny, insubordination, or disloyal conduct, and endeavor to create dissatisfaction among the troops, and against all persons who shall publish, or utter publicly, words calculated to incite insurrection or lawless acts among the people, or who shall publish falsehoods or misrepresentations of facts calculated to embarrass or weaken the military authorities, or in any manner to interfere with them in the discharge of their duties.

Any person guilty of the offenses above mentioned shall be punished by fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of the military commission; and any newspaper which shall contain publications in violation of this order will be suppressed.

Special mention is called to paragraph 220 of the Revised Army Regulations, which will hereafter be strictly enforced.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

That order is aimed at Union men, and not at rebels; it is aimed at Union men, and not at bushwhackers; at the Saint Louis Democrat, and not at the Saint Louis Republican. And that is just the trouble with Schofield. However good his intentions, his acts always help the other side.

This matter is a very serious one. Not that Schofield is of any importance, but the tone, tendency, and spirit of the administration at Washington is all-important. Schofield is the agent of the Commander-in-Chief, the author of the proclamation of emancipation-the President who revoked Burnside's order suppressing the rebel Chicago Times. It is a very grave matter if Schofield is sustained in suppressing loyal papers, and Burnside is overruled in suppressing the organs of Jeff. Davis.

Order 96 in an edict to fine and imprison men and newspapers who "weaken or embarrass the military authorities," and the great military authority of this department is J. M. Schofield. Quantrill is not touched. Nobody will be interfered with but Republicans, loyalists, Union men. We want every man arrested, and every newspaper stopped, that works against the Union cause. Let everything in the way of loyalty be removed. Threat radicals no more leniently than you do Chicago Times rebels. Put out the way all men opposed to the subjection of Jeff. Davis and Quantrill, even the major-generals. The freedom of

---------------

*From the Weekly Conservative, Thursday, September 24, 1863.

---------------

