
The same dispatch that informs us of Schofield's order says the Missouri and Kansas committees to demand his removal are anxiously expected in Washington, and speaks hopefully of his removal, and of the appointment of General Butler in his place. It will hardly be that the President will disregard the voice of the people of these two States, by retaining in command an officer whose nomination to a major-generalship the Senate rejected.

Schofield is anxious to die hard, and to make a big stink as he goes. There is danger that he may kick his own entrails out.

[Inclosure No. 3.*]

The alarm among the Saint Louis Copperheads has not entirely subsided yet. Why don't you raise a subscription for your "poor refugees," who have been scared out of the border, and almost out of their wits, by the Paola meeting? They need aid, and just such papers as the Republican and just such men as Schofield ought to head the list. Their names would shed a "halo of glory" over a list of subscriptions for the relief of rebels. Besides, these "poor" men have all got votes.

A NAME.

The Saint Louis Republican calls the bushwhackers the "border citizens of Missouri;" so does schofield. The Saint Louis Republican is a Copperhead; so is schofield. That paper is getting unpopular because it is in favor of rebels; so is schofield. Quantrill is a rascal; so is schofield.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 30, 1863.

(Received September 30-9.15 p.m.)

President LINCOLN:

Dispatch from Leavenworth published to-day about my arming rebels is utterly false, and is intended to prejudice your action. Truth by mail.

H. R. GAMBLE,

Governor of Missouri.

PILOT KNOB, MO., September 30, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The expedition sent to Osceola has returned, having scouted thoroughly 40 miles below that point. No regularly organized rebel force was found. A Confederate captain, who had called together a band of guerrillas to resist our force, was, with his lieutenant and 11 men, killed; 30 prisoners were captured and turned over at New Madrid; among them are several rebel officers.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General EWING:

Ascertain and inform me as soon as possible whether there is any truth in the report that Colonel [James H.] Moss is driving Union men from Platte and Clay Counties. It is very important for me to know the truth at once.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

---------------

*From the Weekly Conservative.

---------------

