
SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 1 [2], 1863-1 p.m.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I will send the papers in General Blunt's case, and defer action until I know your pleasure regarding it. I desire, if possible, to diminish and not to increase your difficulty. This was one reason why I informed General Halleck what I thought it necessary to do.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 2, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Is it not possible to send me a regiment of Kentucky [regular?] cavalry, to occupy the Kansas border? I can spare two good volunteer regiments in its place.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 2, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis:

Brigadier General J. B. Sanborn has been ordered from Vicksburg to report to you for duty.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

KANSAS CITY, MO., October 2, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Officer sent to Parkville returned; says a company of Moss' men under Capron, were there. One-third of them a year of two ago were in the rebel army; three-fourths under bonds. Capron and first lieutenant have character for loyalty. Three Union men have left Parkville through fear, and two talking of leaving; reports there of one Union man being driven off a few days ago by them. No great alarm there, but uneasiness and anger at arming rebels. This is reliable. Nothing yet from other points.

THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

KANSAS CITY, MO., October 2, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

When will four remaining companies of the Eleventh Missouri reach here? The Kansas militia cannot be got and kept together, so as to relieve any volunteers from garrison towns in Kansas. With the large escort gone to New Mexico, I cannot well spare the five companies of the Fourth Missouri until they can be relieved by the remaining companies of the Eleventh. What shall I do? I think, as the guerrilla warfare will be active for about a month and then subside, it will be

