
on by bushwhackers 4 miles out. The Ladds rallied and chased them 6 miles down Grand River. Any information received hereafter will be forwarded immediately.

Respectfully,

C. S. CLARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-Please forward the contents of this to General Ewing and Colonel Weer.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 3, 1863.

General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Central District of Missouri:

GENERAL: As to your order dated October [September?] 24, 1863, I went to Warsaw and vicinity, and I find there that Port Thornton, John Bunch, and William Bunch were shot by a scout, on the 9th and 10th of August, commanded by Lieutenant Gustavus Westhoff. The men were not recognized, but belong to the Seventh Regiment Missouri State Militia.

I find that John B. Wright was taken out of his wagon and shot by a man by the name of West. There were two men who did the murder. They left their command and followed Mr. Wright. I was unable to get the officer's name that was in command. There was a man by the name of John Palston, who was the guide for the scout, and this murder was committed near Palston's house. I could not see him at all. My opinion is that Palston had something to do with the murder of Wright on the 10th of August, 1863. I find that these men belong to the Seventh Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and are said to belong to Captain Foster's company.

William Carpenter and James Scuggs were shot, while at their farms near Ducroc, by Major Allen's command, but I cannot find who did the murder. Allen was in command himself.

I find that Albert Stemmert and a man by the name of Mitchel, with four others, did, in September, set fire to a vacant house, the property of Mrs. Hoods, of Benton County, and burned it down. When they were setting fire to it, William Hughes, a justice of the peace of Benton County, went to them, and wanted to put the fire out. They told him that if he put the fire out, they would shoot him. This is the same lot of men that are accused of murdering Austin Blankinship, John Nelson, and William Holland, at Cole Camp. I could not get the names of these men, but they are the men of the Eighth Missouri State Militia that were on furlough, only September and Mitchel. I think that Captain Freund, of Cole Camp, is in possession of all the facts, and, if he is put on his oath, he will perhaps tell.

I find, at or near Cole Camp, that Captain [Henry] McCabe, of the Eighth Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry, did take a horse from James Nickels, and did abuse him, calling him a rebel, and was going to shoot him. Nickels is one of the best Union men of Benton County. McCabe was drunk, and the most of his men.

I find, near Cole Camp Creek, that Jasper Ferdner, Samuel Williams, and a negro man of Tirey's were robbed; also Samuel Morris. From the best information I can get, it was Lieutenant [William] Logan, Company B, Sixth Regiment Missouri State Militia, that committed the robberies of money, mules, horses, and one gun. He gave his name as Tom Jobe.

