
II. Details, when "immediately," must take no longer time to get out the men than five minutes for footmen and ten minutes for mounted men from the moment the order is served on the officer, which may be verbally or in writing by the adjutant, sergeant-major, or on order of a commanding officer.

III. All details must be made impartially, or in order, from those reported for duty, and those reported not for duty shall draw only hospital rations by a medical officer, in such amount as may be allowed by the colonel commanding. It shall be the duty of the senior white officers of the company, when a man detailed for duty has not reported promptly, to put him on a list, which must be handed each time a consolidated provision return is sent up, and such parties shall draw no coffee or sugar for such term of days as in return; and such persons shall go in a mess by themselves, and this punishment not relieve them from other punishment or the necessity of doing extra duty.

IV. Whenever an Indian officer, lieutenant or captain, refuses to obey the order of the senior white officers in getting out details, or doing any necessary or legitimate duty, he will be reported to his regimental commander, and through him to these headquarters.

V. And it is further ordered that whenever any Indian captain or senior officer shall notify the commander of his regiment that he is competent for the business and responsibility of his company, and is desirous of fully assuming it, he shall be authorized to do so, and that he shall after such time be so held accountable.

By order of William A. Philips, colonel commanding Third Brigade:

WILLIAM GALLAHER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, No. 19. Camp Curtis, Ark., January 18, 1863.

I. As it has been wounded by repeated experience that Indian soldiers and officers get liquor when suttlers have it, even when they do not shell it to them it is hereby ordered that no sutler in the Third Brigade shall be permitted to have or to keep in his possession any intoxicating liquor, and any sutler with any article of that kind after this date shall be liable to have his whole establishment confiscated.

II. It is made the duty of all officers, commissioned or non-commissioned, immediately to report to these headquarters any knowledge which may come into their possession relative to liquor of any kind being in our near camp. The efficiency and existence of the Indian command depends on the enforcement of this order, and an especial appeal for it is made to all officers.

By order of William A. Phillips, colonel commanding Third Brigade:

WILLIAM GALLAHER,First Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.] HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, Camp Curtis, Ark., January 19, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

SIR: As my orders direct me to "subsist,as far as possible, destitute Indians in the Nation," I desire to state its condition. Some time ago Major Foreman, and a battalion of the Third Indian Regiment,

