
I find that Captain Stall was present when one of his men took a horse from E. S. Drake, near Warsaw, when on the march from Warsaw to Cole Camp. This horse had been left by the rebels, and one of Drake's horses taken. This man took the horse out of the yard and led it off to Warsaw, or in that direction. Captain Stall asked him where he was going, and his answer was, "Going to town to send my pony home," and he did go. The command was then on the march to Cole Camp. When the command returned to Warsaw, Mr. Drake had two mules stolen out of his barn.

General, you are faulted, or rather censured, for all this bad conduct of the officers and soldiers, for not being harsh enough. I find that your General Order on the whisky gives satisfaction to all good citizens.

I remain, your obedient servant,

GEORGE GRAHAM.

DONIPHAN, via PATTERSON, October 3 [?], 1863.

(Received October 5.)

General FISK:

I am at this place. We have 6 rebel soldiers prisoners, and have killed 7 more. We are all right, and leave for Pocahontas this morning. You need fear nothing from me. Send Captain Powers to me with supplies, with about 25 men, or all his company when I need them. I have captured a large mail coming up from Arkansas.

W. T. LEEPER,

Commanding Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI,Pilot Knob, Mo., October 3, 1863.

General FISK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I am just now in receipt of message from Captain Leeper, of September 30. Was on Black River, where the road from Greenville to Doniphan crosses it. He was unwell, but kept moving, and designed to reach Doniphan on the 2nd instant, where Tim. Reves is reported with 600 men. Leeper has not seen a rebel since he left, and intimates that he does not expect to find any Doniphan. Says his men have behaved admirably; not even a distressed chicken has been heard to squall.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,No. 270. Saint Louis, Mo., October 3, 1863.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

VIII. Hereafter all issues of subsistence stores to suffering and destitute refugees, &amp;c., will be confined strictly to loyal persons, and such only as can prove, by reliable witnesses, that they are, and have been, loyal to the Government of the United States since the breaking out of the present rebellion, and that they are, at the time the issue is made, in actual want and in danger of starvation if not temporarily relieved. In all cases when, "after careful examination," it shall be deemed advisable to issue subsistence to indigent loyal refugees, the issue will never exceed half rations of meat, bread, beans, and hominy. No other parts of the rations will be issued. It is not intended that these issues shall be continued permanently to any person or persons, but tempo-

