
rarily, and for such a length of time only as to enable the parties so relieved to find occupation and maintenance through their own exertions. The commanding officers of districts, posts, and where these issues are authorized, will be held responsible that this charity of the Government is not abused. The chaplain, where there is one at posts where these issues are authorized, will be held accountable that none but really indigent persons in danger of starvation shall receive the allowances of subsistence stores indicated, and this only for such a length of time as to enable them to procure food by their own exertions. When there is no chaplain at the posts where these issues are authorized, the officer commanding the district in which said posts are situated will detail a discreet, energetic, and reliable officer to examine into the merits of applicants for subsistence under this order, and such officer will be governed in his actions as herein indicated. The chaplain or other officer detailed for the duties herein mentioned will keep a list of all persons to whom subsistence is issued under this order, and will make out provision returns for the approval of the commanding officer of the post, as in the case of other issues. At the end of each month a report will be made out by the chaplin or other officer having charge of these duties, and forwarded, through the proper channel, to these headquarters, which report shall give the names of each and every person to whom issues are made, and the whole length of time during which subsistence has been issued to each. The officers indicated above will, in all cases, give such assistance may be issued, so that, by their own exertions, the loyal refugees may be enabled to maintain themselves. If, after being temporarily relieved, refugees make no efforts to sustain themselves or fail to avail themselves of favorable opportunities to procure work, they will no longer be allowed subsistence from the Government.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C, October 3, 1863

Major-General POPE, Milwaukee:

Report where the regiments sent to Saint Louis now are; also their progress from time to time.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 4, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

I think you will not have just cause to complain of my action.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,

Warrensburg, Mo., October 4, 1863

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis;

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my return to this post to-day. I found the troops concentrated too much for effective operations against

