
guerrillas, and have distributed them on the line of the border, as I wrote you from Lexington. I do not think there will be much difficulty in restoring quiet to the country. The greatest difficulty will be harmonizing the troubles with the Union men, but I do not despair of doing this. The continuance of the railroad to this post would have a good effect, and the change would be immediate. I have written to the superintendent of the railroad company inquiring into the situation, and suggested to him that, if labor was necessary, the idle negroes that are about the camps could be pressed into that service as a military measure. The active operations against guerrillas have been attended with good effect; a large number have been so much harassed that they have moved south. Fifty-four horses have been captured in the past week and several guerrillas killed. I go to Clinton to-morrow.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., October 4, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Eight hundred rebels, under Brown, Ingraham, and Coffee, were encamped 6 miles east of Cross Hollows, the 2nd instant, with one 12-pounder field howitzer and one rifled piece. No communication between Cassville and Fayetteville for three days past. I will have a train of quartermaster's and commissary and ordnance supplies of 80 wagons at Cassville in three days. I expect to go down myself, and open communication with Fayetteville, and expel the enemy from the country. The troops withdrawn from this post will be fully supplied to-day by other troops from northern and eastern parts, of the Missouri State Militia and Enrolled Missouri Militia. Captain Hopkins came through two days ago from Fort Smith. Reports Colonel Harrison had a brush with a force of rebels 7 miles from Fayetteville last Sunday; found them too strong, and returned to Fayetteville.

JNO. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., October 4, 1863

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis:

Major Eno's scouts brought in to-day 3 prisoners, captured from Shelby's command. They report Coffee will attack Newtonia to-night or to-morrow. I have ordered Major Eno to march to-night to Newtonia. He will have 350 cavalry. There are three companies at Carthage I ordered several days ago to join these at Newtonia. I have ordered Colonel Harrison to move rapidly with his command after Shelby, leaving 200 men and done section of Stark's battery to garrison post of Fayetteville. One battalion Eighteenth Iowa and one section of Rabb's battery will reach Cassville to-morrow at 11 a.m.

JNO. EDWARDS

Colonel, Commanding.

