HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., October 4, 1863

Major E. B. ENO, Cassville:

The Eighteenth Iowa Infantry left here yesterday, and will be at Cassville to-morrow. You will leave 50 men at Cassville and move forthwith by forced marches in the direction of Newtonia. There are three companies at Newtonia, two at Neosho, two at Carthage, and Major King is between Newtonia, and Pineville, with four companies. Try to make a connection with him. The companies at Newtonia and Carthage have been ordered to join Major King. You will order the two companies at Neosho to report to you.

JNO. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., October 4, 1863

Commanding Officer, Neosho:

SIR: Positive information has been received this day that a rebel force 1,000 strong, with three pieces of artillery, crossed the Wire road near Sugar Creek, marching toward Bentonville with the intention of joining Coffee, near Pineville, and to attack Newtonia. The troops at Carthage and Newtonia have been ordered to join Major King in the field. You will also join him on the receipt of the inclosed orders, and communicate this intelligence to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 4, 1863

Brigadier-General EWING:

A considerable rebel force is reported at Pineville, Mo., to-day moving north. It may design to attack Fort Scott, or, perhaps come farther north. Inform General Blunt, and re-enforce Fort Scott, if necessary You may have to concentrate some of your troops to meet the rebels They are reported as high as 1,800 strong.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harrisonville, Mo., October 4, 1863

Brigadier-General EWING, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I received information yesterday that Quantrill was in Rose Hill Friday last, with 500 or 600 men, which I communicated to the commanding officer of Pleasant Hill, requesting him to forward to you and Colonel Weer. I had good reasons to believe the Quantrill could have but two objects in concentrating at Rose Hill, one to move directly south, the other to make a raid in Kansas, by marching across to Grand River by or near Austin, and enter Kansas south of Cold Water Grove.

I sent a scout of 20 men under Lieutenant [Jesse E.] Parsons, with instructions to go as far as Mormon Fork, 16 miles south of this station. The scout started this morning at 8 o'clock, and returned at 9 o'clock

