
WARRENSBURG, MO., October 5, 1863

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD:

Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear has been in hot pursuit of the guerrillas for the past ten days, and has driven them out of this portion of the district. Four hundred passed Rose Hill, on their way south, on Friday. I have ordered the pursuit continued. General McNeil's troops may, possibly, intercept them.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST

Milwaukee, Wis., October 5, 1863

Brigadier General ALFRED SULLY,Commanding Military Expedition:

GENERAL: Your several letters and reports concerning you campaign and the battle with the Indians near White Stone Hill, have been received and transmitted to the Headquarters of the Army. The results are entirely satisfactory, and I doubt not that the effect upon the Northwestern Indians will be, as you report, of the highest consequence. Whilst I regret that difficulties and obstacles of a serious character prevented your co-operation with General Sibley at the time hoped, I bear willing testimony to the distinguished conduct of yourself and your command, and to the important service you have rendered to the Government. It gives me the greatest pleasure to perform the agreeable duty of presenting to the Government the names of the officers and men who were particularly distinguished in your campaign. To yourself and your command, general, I tender my thanks and congratulations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 6, 1863

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

About 1,000 rebel Missourians, who refused to cross the Arkansas with Price, have passed west of Springfield going north, and have been joined by all the guerrillas in that part of Missouri. I have all my available troops in pursuit, and hope to capture or destroy the rebel force.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 6, 1863

Brigadier-General DAVIES:

A rebel force, from 1,000 to 2,000 strong, passed Greenfield this morning, going northeast; they may try to return somewhere east of Springfield. Send all the cavalry you can spare as far west as Lebanon, to help to intercept them if they come that way. Report what you can do.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

