
SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 6, 1863

Brigadier-General EWING,

Kansas City, Mo.:

From last accounts which I sent you, I infer that Shelby is not going to fort Scott, and that the guerrillas from your district and General Brown's have joined him. He is evidently concentrating all the force he can raise for a blow somewhere. We must concentrate force enough to beat him, and attack him as soon as possible. When he scatters, we will have to do the same. I think you should concentrate at least 1,000 men in the southern part of your district, and move upon Shelby, if he comes within reach. If your force can join General Brown's so much the better. He was at Clinton, in Henry County, to-day. According to last returns, Fort Scott is strong to resist any attack Shelby can make.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., October 6, 1863

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Dispatches from General Sully, dated September 19, have been received. He reports that he is about to hold a council with the largest of the bands of the hostile Sioux north and east of the Missouri River, who earnestly desire to make peace. The Blackfeet also have sued to him for peace. It is very easy now to make peace with all the hostile Indians, but, in my judgment, hardly judicious, until they have been further punished and humiliated by an active cavalry campaign next season, from the Upper Missouri. As such a campaign will be conducted wholly on the south side of the Missouri River, it should properly be directed from Saint Louis. Indian hostilities and military operations against hostile Indians have been transferred by this summer's campaign so far to the northwest that neither Saint Paul nor Milwaukee is a proper point from which to direct them. Saint Louis is the place from which supplies of every description must be drawn, and as it has direct and constant communication with the Upper Missouri and with the regions south of that river, it is the proper point for the headquarters of a military department conducting such operations.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, Numbers 40. Milwaukee, Wis., October 6, 1863.

Captain M. J. Asch, aide-de-camp, is assigned to duty as chief of cavalry on the staff of the major-general commanding.

The commander of each district will select, subject to the approval of the commander of the department, a competent officer to act as chief of cavalry on his staff.

The names of officers so selected will be forwarded without delay to department headquarters, for the approval of the commanding general.

