
Each district chief of cavalry will report by letter to Captain Asch for instructions.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 6, 1863

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

It is reported to the Secretary of War that the Second Colorado Infantry is ordered from Fort Smith to Springfield. Is it possible that more troops are required in Missouri while we hold the line of the Arkansas Rive? It would seem that, instead of moving troops north from that line, it should be strengthened by sending more troops south.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 6, 1863-9 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch relative to the Second Colorado is received. I have sent two regiments, from Springfield and vicinity, since the capture of Fort Smith, and was about to send another when I received information of Shelby's raid, of which I informed you to day. I am trying to distribute my troops with reference to their fitness for peculiar service, and at the same time re-enforce the line of the Arkansas River. Moreover, the Second Colorado is an incomplete regiment, which I wish to consolidate with the Third, and am bringing them together for that purpose. When I dispose of Shelby, I propose to send a still larger force south. Surely I have shown no disposition to withhold troops from the front.

J. M. SCHOFIELD

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 7, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

The dispatch sent to the War Department, in regard to the Second Colorado Regiment, was intended to injure you, and I wished your explanation.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS,Clinton, Mo., October 7, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Coffee, with 2,000 men and three pieces of artillery, occupied Stockton yesterday, at 3 p.m. The militia retired to Osceola, and brought the report. I have sent expresses to hurry up the re-enforcements, and expect to meet him by the time he can cross the Osage. Four hundred guerrillas passed 40 miles southwest of here Saturday, going south.

