HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., October 7, 1863

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Central Missouri, in the Field:

GENERAL: A party of about 80 guerrillas crossed the river on the night of the 4th, 5 miles this side of Arrow Rock, going south. They hailed the Fannie Ogden, and on her refusing to land, fired some forty or fifty shots at her. No one hurt, and she succeeded in making her escape; went on up to Arrow Rock and reported to commanding officer, who dispatched Colonel Hall immediately on receipt of the information. I dispatched Colonel Philips, directing him to send a force to co-operate with Colonel Hall and suggested that they would probably make for the Blackwater country. Have not heard from the since. Mrs. Brown arrived yesterday; she is well. Blodgett is here. I inclose copy of order issued,* as directed by you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. STEGER.

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 7, 1863

Commanding Officer, Lebanon, Mo.:

I have sent down infantry in wagons, a section of artillery, and some cavalry, from Rolla, to re-enforce you. Shelby may turn east and south, passing near Lebanon. If possible, I will make you strong enough to intercept him, or at least to hold your position. Keep scouts out to the west and northwest, and get early information of Shelby's movements, and keep me informed.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 7, 1863

Brigadier-General DAVIES, Rolla, Mo.:

Send as much infantry as you can spare, and one section of artillery, to Lebanon, to report to the commanding officer there. Send the infantry in wagons, and let them move rapidly. I will send a battalion of cavalry from Saint Louis, to join them. Send also the cavalry which is between Rolla and Lebanon. Let the mail stop for a few days.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

PLEASANT HILL, October 7, 1863-11. 30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

No news from Colonel Weer or General Brown, or other sources. Will march to-morrow toward Rose Hill, unless information received induces me to take different course. By day after to-morrow my force will exceed the statement in my last dispatch by 200 men and two pieces of artillery; it now equals it. Will receive messenger sent to Rose Hill

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

