
by Friday morning, via Warrensburg, or via Kansas City. I will from there communicate with General Brown. Have already sent messenger to Warrensburg for information.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., October 7, 1863

Colonel E. LYNDE,

Ninth Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Troops on the Border:

COLONEL: The general commanding has left, with the about 400 men,

going south, via Pleasant Hill and Harrisonville, with a view to co-operate with General Brown, and, if possible, to meet Shelby's force, said to be advancing into General Brown's district from the southwest, and has directed me to instruct you to devote the troops under your command to reconnoitering and to guarding the line, keeping him advised daily, by messengers, via Harrisonville, in addition to the daily station reports at these headquarters.

The general also directs that if you have a larger force at Trading Post than you deem necessary for the above purpose, that you send a part to other stations and points along the line so a s best to guard it; and that you instruct the commanders of stations on the line, under your command, in case of an invasion of Kansas, to send messengers, in every direction instantly to convey information to the citizens and the stations of militia and the regular volunteer troops, instructing them to kill the horses they ride, if necessary to make time, and to follow the invading force with every man at their respective stations, if necessary, but at all events to follow at once without waiting for other troops from other stations.

Shelby passed through Greenfield yesterday morning with a force of 2,000, said to be bearing northeast. General Brown was at Clinton day before yesterday at 12 m., and must have some force there or in that vicinity.

The general will have about 1,000 men, of infantry and cavalry, and two sections of artillery, including Colonel Weer's command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. HADLEY,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WHITE ROCK PRAIRIE, NEAR PINEVILLE, MO.,

October 7, 1863-7 a.m.

Colonel J. EDWARDS,

Commanding Springfield, Mo.:

Before I left Fayetteville, Brooks was understood to be east of Huntsville, with 600 men; Brown at Rhea's Mills, with 200; Coffee near Cane Hill, with 250; Hunter somewhere west of me, with 300; Tuck Smith, on Upper White River, with 200, and Ingraham near Cross Hollows, with 75. None of these bands were to be feared at Fayetteville, unless they concentrate and your order was so peremptory that I could not make use of my own discretion and knowledge of rebels in the neighborhood to insure the safety of the place. The facts above were telegraphed to General McNeil, and I supposed had been received. Since

