
leaving, I have obtained the following information, which I think is reliable, Shelby was joined on Sunday, near Pineville, by Hunter and Coffee, making his force over 1,500 men. He left a piece of artillery with Brooks, at Huntsville. Brooks has 600 men. He has moved to Black's Mills, 20 miles north of Fayetteville. Brown joined him there on Sunday, and Tuck Smith and Ingraham have probably done the same. Fayetteville is in great danger and must be re-enforced. I had to send the paymaster south with a very small escort, in order to obey your orders. Were I at liberty, I would march by way of Cassville and Berryville and attack Brooks. Some one should do it at once.

I leave for Newtonia this morning. I marched 41 miles yesterday with Starke's battery.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

MELVILLE, DADE COUNTY, MISSOURI,

October 7, 1863-7 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The enemy are leaving Greenfield. Reported he was going by Stockton, but I have since learned from scouts that he will leave Stockton on the right, and cross the Osage at Hoffman's Ferry, 8 miles above Osceola. Prisoners taken report Shelby's strength at 2,600 and three pieces of artillery. Captain Morris, of the Seventh Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia had 4 prisoners taken, about 25 horses, 2 mule-teams, and 25 rifles and muskets. The men made their escape. I shall make forced marches, and follow the enemy as long as there is a prospect of overtaking them. Major Eno, with 300 of the Eighth Missouri State Militia has just joined me. General Holland, with about 300 men, will probably join me early to-morrow morning. All the information I have been able to obtain leads me to believe that Sedalia is the point for which the enemy is striking.

JNO. EDWARDS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, October 7, 1863

Colonel POWELL CLAYTON,

Commanding Post, Pine Bluff:

COLONEL: By direction of the major-general commanding, you are authorized to permit the enrollment of companies of loyal citizens for defense of themselves and their families. You will, in giving such authority, particularly provide that the members of such organizations shall be subject to all the rules and regulations for the United States Army. You will further prescribe the particular locality in which each company shall operate, unless otherwise ordered by competent military authority.

You are further authorized to issue to such organizations arms and ammunition, and when, on duty and needful for the service, a limited amount of subsistence. It is, however, desired that these organizations shall subsist upon the enemies of the Government as far as practicable.

In issuing arms, either those captured or other United States arms in your custody, for which your own troops have no use, you will be

