
particular to take receipts of the most responsible parties you can get to become bondsmen for a proper account therefor.

All organizations under this direction you will at once, after formation, report to these headquarters.

I am, respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

[F. H. MANTER,]

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 8, 1863

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Application has been made to mount the Third Colorado Infantry. Is it deemed necessary or advisable to mount that regiment? Please report.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 8, 1863

Brigadier General, ROBERT ALLEN,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: The burning of steamers on the Mississippi River is really a very serious matter. I have but few suggestions to make at this moment, but will keep it in my mind and write again. I think every boat should have one or more good detectives on board. When it arrives at the levee, guards should be placed on and around it, to keep off all persons except those who have passes. The Secretary of War will offer a reward of $10,000 for every man detected and convicted. He will also send a circular letter to the boards of trade at Cincinnati and other Western river cities to make suggestions and to assist in detecting the incendiaries. They may also furnish the names of good steamboat detectives. If any of these incendiaries are caught they should be tried by a military commission, and, if found guilty, immediately hung. In such a case we cannot, wait for the slow operations of a civil court.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 8, 1863

Brigadier-General DAVIES:

The rebels were at Warsaw this morning; they will probably be driven back toward Lebanon.

J. M. SCHOFIELD

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 8, 1863

Commanding Officer, Jefferson City, Mo.:

My latest information is that the rebels under Shelby moved from Warsaw toward Jefferson City this morning. Obtain and forward accurate information as soon as possible. Make all preparations for defense. I will send re-enforcements from Saint Louis.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

