
JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 9, 1863

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Had I not better let Sedalia run the risk, and, by concentrating Colonel Hall's force with the troops which came up to-day, including Colonel Baumer's battalions of the First Nebraska, try and save the La Mine Bridge? The stores have been brought here from Sedalia. The bridge is of more consequence than Sedalia, and I do not think the rebels will venture as far west as Sedalia anyhow.

The troops (four companies) sent up by this morning's train will not exceed 300, and Colonel Baumer's 150; and evidently Hall is too weak to meet the rebels, himself, and, if they burn La Mine Bridge, Hall will fall into their hands next, unless Brown comes up in time.

Colonel Hall telegraphs that Major Foster, of the Seventh, just in, reports General Brown advised of rebel movements at 7 p.m. yesterday, at Osceola. The troops leaving Saint Louis this a.m. have arrived. Colonel Baumer's command came on the train with me.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, October 9, 1863

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

The La Mine Bridge is more important than Sedalia. If you can concentrate force enough there to save it, do so, and let other points on the road go. Brown's movements will probably cover Sedalia. Anyhow, the only danger I see is that Hall, by moving down to La Mine, will only expose himself to capture; but of this you can judge, knowing what force you can get to La Mine. I can reach Sedalia, via Saint Joseph.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 9, 1863

Brigadier-General TOTTEN, Jefferson City:

I have ordered Guitar to concentrate his available force at Boonville. Inform the commanding officer there of the rebel movements, and direct him to prepare for defense. That place must be held, if possible.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General

SAINT LOUIS, October 9, 1863

Brigadier-General TOTTEN, Jefferson City:

I will send up 500 more men to-night. It is important to save the La Mine Bridge, if possible; but do not leave small commands to be captured. Have the troops who went up this morning arrived at Jefferson? Brown was at Osceola last evening, and ignorant of the true condition. He must know the facts by this time.

J. M. SCHOFIELD

Major-General.

