HEADQUARTERS

Saint Louis, Mo. October 9, 1863

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

If Shelby left Cole Camp at 12 o'clock to-day, as reported, he must be on the railroad by this time; hence it is probably too late to save the La Mine Bridge. You might run up to Tipton if you can leave force enough at Jefferson. The 500 men have started. If you do not go up to Tipton, Crittenden must, of course, fall back; it is of no use to stay and be captured.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 9, 1863

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Colonel Crittenden telegraphs from Tipton as follows:

Captain Wear, commanding Boonville garrison, was ordered to Sedalia last night. Rebels coming. No force here of consequence.

Guitar must take care of Boonville. We have nothing there now.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 9, 1863

Major-General SCHOFIELD;

The distance of Tipton from this place is but 37 miles. The rebels being mounted, can make that distance by a forced march in one day. If they should intend attacking this city, their threatening Tipton is only a feint to draw troops from this point, while they by a flank movement might be moving in this direction. I do not think it wise to reduce our force here until more is known of the enemy's movements, nor until we can move a force strong enough to hold the enemy in check until Brown comes up. I shall move Crittenden in this direction; he has but 40 men under his command.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 9, 1863

Captain WEER, Commanding Post, Boonville:

General Guitar will concentrate at your post his available force. The rebels under Shelby left Cole Camp, moving toward Syracuse, at noon to-day. Prepare your post for defense, and hold it, if attacked, to the last.

By order of Brigadier-General Totten:

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 9, 1863

Lieutenant Colonel T. T. CRITTENDEN

Commanding Tipton:

It would be well for you to get all engines and cars to this point, if the enemy is certainly moving on you, as you have reported. It will not

