
JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 10, 1863

Lieutenant Colonel N. COLE,

Commanding California, Mo.:

Take all your available cavalry and the piece of artillery, and strike the rebels and pursue them. Look out carefully that you do not come in contact with either Kelly or Lazear, mentioned in last dispatch. Communicate and act in concert with them if you possibly can. Leave a reliable officer in charge of the foot troops in your command, and direct him to communicate in your absence with me. I may bring them back. Let me hear from you often.

JAS. TOTTEN.

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., [October] 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

I have just heard from Brown. He is at Sedalia. Lazear passed Cole Camp last evening in pursuit, and Major Kelly started down the road from Sedalia, this morning. Brown says the rebels are breaking up into small bands. Let all your effective cavalry join in the pursuit. Your infantry will be ample for Jefferson City. I can send you more to-morrow, if necessary.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

CALIFORNIA, October 10, 1863

Major BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There are about 500 rebels come in to Tipton at 11 o'clock to-day; burned the road and section house. I can't tell where they are going. I will start back in a few minutes with about 100 men.

TURLEY,

Captain.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 10, 1863

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department, Saint Louis:

I am sending Cole with all the men he brought with him, excepting the First Nebraska detachment, about 300 men and one piece of artillery, by railroad, and six companies Enrolled Missouri Militia Cavalry, 200 strong by road, to march on Cole's flank. Colonel Crittenden has arrived. The enemy has occupied Tipton. Colonel Crittenden volunteers to go with one company, by river to, Boonville, on Isabella, now here. With your approbation, I will send him. Answer quick. Have your troops arrived from Pope? Can't you send me a regiment?

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO.

October 10, 1863-8.30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD;

I have no more cavalry to send. Cole has with him to-night at California 250 men, he took from this place. I expect Colonel Hickox, of

