
directed them to proceed toward Cassville, thinking that they would reach you. The river is 2 feet past fording. The ferry-boat is still here,and I will have it put in order and cross the division as soon as possible. Shall await your orders at Forsyth. Will suffer for breadstuffs in a few days unless we get some; also beef. Forage is scarce, yet we will be able to subsist the animals for a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES O. GOWER,

Colonel, Commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS, Warrensburg, January 19, 1863.

Brigadier-General LOAN,Commanding District of Central Missouri:

GENERAL: Quantrill's band has again returned, said to number in all from 200 to 500 men. One squad of 50, in passing north near Germantown, captured 1 lieutenant and 4 men of the Enrolled Missouri Militia from that post. We captured one of the men. He stated that he belonged to Quantrill's original band, and that they had come up to winter. I sent out this morning 125 men in search of a band said to have camped at head of Davis' Creek yesterday.

Major Penney has shipped me 13,000 instead of 35,000 rounds of ammunition. Can I get the remainder? Please let me know what conclusion you have come to in reference to moving the two companies at Calhoun.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

JANUARY 19, 1863.

Resolved by the House of Representatives, the Senate concurring, That the thanks of the State of Kansas are justly and eminently due, and are hereby tendered, to our brave soldiers and their gallant officers for the unfading laurels own so many bloody fields of battle, in Kansas, Missouri, the Indian Nation, Arkansas, Tennessee, and Mississippi, where they have so nobly sustained the glory of the Stars and Stripes. We thank them for the deeds of valor down at Wilson's Creek, at Drywood, at Corinth, at holly Springs, at Cane Hill, Newtonia, Prairie Grove, and Van Buren, and for the almost innumerable and brilliant skirmishers fought and won in Missouri, Mississippi, Arkansas, and Tennessee. We thank them for the undaunted courage they have everywhere displayed, for the noble heroism they have shown in leaving the comforts of home to do battle for the maintenance of the Government and the preservation of our liberties.

Resolved, That while we cannot be too grateful to the living for their gallantry, we tender our heartfelt sympathies to the surviving friends of our dead heroes,whose memories shall be cherished by a grateful people, and whose names shall be as household words at every hearthstone in our State.

Resolved, That the Secretary of State be, and he is hereby, requested to forward a copy of these resolutions to our major-generals, brigadier-generals, and to the colonel of every Kansas regiment, with the request that they be read at the head of his regiment, in order that thereby our soldiers may be incited to still higher patriotism and nobler deeds.

