
SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 10, 1863-7 p.m

Colonel EDWARDS, Lebanon, Mo.:

The indications are that the rebels are breaking up into small bands, and will try to escape by various routes. Look out for them at all points, and still keep your commands near enough together to concentrate and strike them if they appear anywhere in force.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

(Same to Colonel Gravely.)
HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Dade County, Missouri, October 10, 1863

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Southwestern Missouri:

I am ordered by Colonel Edwards to occupy Bowers' Mill, about 12 miles west of Greenfield, in order to intercept Shelby, if he comes that way.

The following articles must be had at once, to make my command efficient.*

Send all of the above articles to me by way of Greenfield, if possible, in the morning (11th instant); also send me, on or before the 15th instant, 2,250 rations each of hard bread, coffee, sugar, salt, and candles, and 900 rations of bacon.

I have made the following marches since leaving Fayetteville, in obedience to Colonel Edwards' orders: Tuesday, 6th instant, Fayetteville to White Rock Prairie, 40 miles; Wednesday, to 2 miles east of Newtonia, 35 miles; Thursday, to Carthage 27 miles; Friday, to north of Lamar, 29 miles; Saturday, to this point, 30 miles. Our horses and men are much worn, and I must rest, shoe horses, and issue rations during a portion of the day to-morrow. Do not fail to hurry up these things at once. I cannot march to artillery more than one day more without horses.

General Holland is at Osceola and Colonel Edwards at Quincy. It is supposed Shelby attacked Sedalia yesterday.

I remain, your obedient servant,

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Arkansas Volunteers.

[P. S.] - If any of my men are at Springfield, please order them to me at once. I need more men very much. Send the mail for my command, and a few late papers.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 10, 1863

Major-General POPE, Milwaukee, Wis.:

If General Sully can make a treaty of peace this fall with the Indians, I think it had better be done. If we want war in the spring, a few traders can get one up on the shortest notice.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

---------------

*Requisition in detail for 20,000 rounds of small-arm ammunition, &amp;c., omitted

---------------

