
JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 11, 1863.

Major BROWN, Commanding California:

Prepare every mounted man for pursuit of enemy. Have five days' rations in haversacks, and an ample supply of ammunition, both in train of this morning which has reached you. Send word to Cole he must follow the enemy immediately. Have cavalry ready to obey his orders when you get them.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 11, [1863]

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Colonel Lazear expresses from Tipton as follows: The last information of the enemy he was turned west, 4 miles north of this place. He is 1,600 strong, and two pieces of artillery. Our force is 1,100.

Having gone west as above reported, Brown and Ewing should be on the alert to watch well that direction. Rebels may double on our pursuing forces, and try to slip through the different columns and cross the Osage, possibly between Linn Creek and Warsaw. I have no cavalry with which to watch that direction.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

CALIFORNIA, MO., October 11, 1863

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

Colonel Cole has 85 mounted men, one piece of artillery and a squad

of 25 infantry. The following just received [from Tipton]:

The last information of the enemy he was turned west, 4 miles north of this place. He is 1,600 strong, and two pieces of artillery.

Move up here, and I will keep you advised by message. Our force is 1,100.

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 11, [1863.]

Major R. H. BROWN, California:

Send Lazear's dispatch up the road to Cole with all haste. Send the rest of cavalry, with ammunition and subsistence to Cole for his command, and send him again my orders of this morning to pursue the enemy in concert with Lazear. Be quick.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 11, 1863

Colonel N. COLE, Commanding:

You must pursue the enemy with all your cavalry and artillery. Do not let them escape now. I have directed any of your cavalry left at California by you this morning to be prepared with five days' rations

