
and ample ammunition. Those you have with you should be supplied in the same way. Take meat and bread only. Hasten up your movement or the enemy will escape without a scratch.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 11, 1863

Colonel N. COLE, California:

Colonel Lazear has doubtless followed on the track of the enemy. He may turn south and cross the railroad at or near Syracuse. You had, therefore better keep near the railroad to Syracuse, and try and get further information at that point. Major Kelly must be in that vicinity. Report by messenger from Syracuse.

By order of Brigadier-General Totten:

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CALIFORNIA, MO., October 11, 1863

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

Have just received your dispatch. Will put my artillery on cars and go to Tipton. Cavalry have already gone. Will pursue the enemy from that place.

N. COLE,

Colonel Second Missouri Artillery.

WASHINGTON, October 11, 1863

Major General JOHN POPE,

The General-in-Chief directs that you will at once put en route for the Headquarters Department of the Cumberland the Eighth Iowa Cavalry, to report to Major-General Rosecrans for duty.

By command of General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 12, 1863

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: Your letter to Colonel Townsend of the 3rd instant, asking authority to summarily dismiss officers of your command, subject to the approval of the President, has been submitted to the Secretary of War, who is of opinion that, in the present position of political parties in Missouri, the exercise of such authority by you would be injurious to you, by making you new enemies.

The law requires that dismissals be made by the President, and it is better that it be strictly followed when it can be. Your recommendations for dismissal will be almost invariably carried out.

In case of necessity for prompt action, telegraph the name of officer and nature of offense, and the President's action will be telegraphed back. In ordinary cases, the recommendation can be sent by mail with

