
fuller statement of offenses, to be filled for further reference. The object of having these statements is to meet applications of friends of the parties for reinstatement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CAMP OPPOSITE BOONVILLE, MO.,

October 12, 1863-7 a.m.

[Brigadier-General GUITAR:]

The rebels still occupy Boonville. Jo. Shelby was in command. The steamer Isabella, with 75 men (Company F, First Provisional Regiment), got here yesterday, under Lieutenant-Colonel Crittenden. Two rebels were killed yesterday. Shelby reported 1,400 of his men gone to Arrow Rock. Boonville was plundered.

R. LEONARD,

Major Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

[P. S.] - Rebel force in Boonville reported 2,000 strong, but believed here to be 900 strong.

MACON, MO., October 12, 1863-8.30 a.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I have just received the following dispatch from Major Leonard. i have ordered him to cross at once and join the pursuit:

CAMP OPPOSITE BOONVILLE, October 12-8.30 a.m.

The rebels evacuated Boonville about an hour ago. About 800 Federals, under General Brown, in hot pursuit. Skirmishing between advance and rear guard. We shall cross immediately.

R. LEONARD.

O. GUITAR

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 12, 1863-10 p.m.

Brigadier-General GUITAR, Macon City, Mo.:

General Brown dispatches from Boonville for supplies, but did not tell where to send them. I suppose he is still in pursuit, but I do not know in what direction. If you can find where he is, send him supplies from Glasgow by the Annie Jacobs, or by wagons, if on the river or within reach of it.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 12, 1863-5.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General McNEIL, Lebanon, Mo.:

A large force of rebels, with artillery, said to be under Coffee's command, was attacked by Brown near Boonville this morning. at last accounts the rebels were running and Brown in pursuit. It is my opinion that the rebel force was divided near Tipton yesterday or the day before, a part under Shelby going west; but I have heard nothing from it since. Doubtless a few have escaped south, singly or in small

