
SEDALIA, October 12, 1863-7 p.m.

[Lieutenant HANNAHS] Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

I got here at 11 a.m., and Weer at 3. Been waiting to hear from General Brown, from whom no word comes. He was 7 miles from Boonville, in camp last night, and the rebels at Boonville at noon. No further news, except many reports of fighting at Boonville, which are so numerous and probable that I go direct toward there to-night. It is storming violently; bad for marching. My fears are that the rebels will go up the river toward Lexington, but I cannot act on that fear by failing to march to Boonville. The failure to hear from Brown is distressing. I suppose guerrillas cut off messengers. I sent a strong party to Brown as messengers.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

SEDALIA, October 12, 1863-10 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Four dispatches from including one of 10 p.m. to-day. Dispatch from Guitar, dated to-day says, they will retreat south. Weer's command (balance) 8 miles toward Boonville, where I now order them stopped. I will surely know their route from my scouts by daylight. I am nearly alone here in the opinion that he will go west and southwest.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 12, 1863

Lieutenant Colonel QUIN MORTON, Commanding Troops north of Osage:

COLONEL: You are reported to have crossed the Osage, having left Lebanon on the 9th. Rebels commenced retreat from Boonville at 7.30 this morning. The direction is not known. General Brown in hot pursuit; skirmishing with rear guard. If they come near you, hold them in check until pursuing forces can come up with them. Report your locality by messengers, and keep General Schofield also advised of your movements by expresses to Rolla or Lebanon. General Schofield directs me to ascertain your position and direction of march. Please therefor, report as soon as possible. The line of the rebel retreat is not yet known. It may be through Lookout Station, 15 miles west of here, or Tipton, or Syracuse. Watch the avenues of escape. Send Edwards word of this, if you can reach him.

By order of Brigadier-General Totten:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FOURTEEN MILES FROM BOONVILLE,

October 12, 1863-11.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

Will be in Boonville by 3 o'clock. The rebels were there yesterday. I think they will either cross the river at that point or strike west in the direction of Lexington. General Brown must be west of them.

N. COLE,

Colonel Second Missouri Artillery.

41 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

