
CALIFORNIA, MO., October 12, 1863

General TOTTEN;

I have 250 men here, and about 120 at Tipton. The rebels will probably cross at Lookout Station.

R. H. BROWN,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., October 12, 1863

Colonel J. C. KELTON, Asst. Adjt. General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit inclosed, for the information of the General-in-Chief, a list of the Indian prisoners captured by General Sully in his late battle at White Stone Hills.* By an examination of this list it will be seen that most of the bands of Dakota or Sioux Indians were represented in this fight; even the Blackfeet of the mountains. General Sully is probably now holding a council with the Yanktonnais, the largest and most powerful band of Sioux east of the mountains, and which constitutes the bulk of the forces he encountered. It is likely he will make such arrangements as will secure peace on the part of that tribe for as long a time as may be expedient for them. I do not at all doubt the soundness of my opinions, hitherto expressed, that a vigorous campaign against the Sioux from the Upper Missouri will be necessary and judicious in the spring. The great drought and very uncommon lowness of the Missouri River this summer have prevented the complete results anticipated from these expeditions, though they have entirely relieved Minnesota and the greater part of Dakota from danger of Indian hostilities. I respectfully request to know what disposition the Government proposes to make of the prisoners now in the hands of General Sully.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 13, 1863

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

General Brown has beaten the rebels, under Shelby, three times, and is still in close pursuit. Their escape is hardly possible. Two expeditions sent into Northeastern Arkansas have captured and sent to Pilot Knob over 100 prisoners.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., October 13, 1863-10.30 a.m.

General TOTTEN:

I have started the Ninth Minnesota Infantry, 550 strong, for Jefferson City this morning. This will enable you to send a force to La Mine with supplies. I think Morton and Edwards should remain south of the Osage, to prevent the escape of the rebels. If Brown and Ewing cannot manage them north of the Osage, Morton can send his cavalry to help. I will wait for further information.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

