
JEFFERSON CITY, MO.,

October 13, [1863.]

Commanding Officer, Tipton:

Dispatch messengers to Colonel Weer, near Sedalia, and General Ewing, that rebels left Boonville, on the Arrow Rock road, yesterday. Our forces were close upon them and fighting their rear guard at 3 Colonel Lazear, Lieutenant-Colonel Crittenden and Lieutenant-Colonel Cole, from here, and Major Kelly and Major Leonard, from Northern Missouri, were close upon the rebels.

By order of Brigadier-General Totten:

LUCIEN J. BARNES.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS.

Linn Creek, Missouri, October 13, 1863

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,Commanding Central District Missouri:

GENERAL: I understand that I am in your district, and therefore report to you for orders. I have 800 men, of which 180 are infantry. I am holding the river from here to Tuscumbia, having sent a battalion of four companies to that place awaiting your orders.

General, I remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

QUIN MORTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding

LEBANON, MO.,

October 13, 1863.

General [SCHOFIELD:]

I arrived here last night, and shall leave at 8 a.m. to-day for Buffalo.

Finding that Colonel Morton had moved to Linn Creek, and taken Eno with him, I ordered Eno back to this place. I considered that Morton had force enough at the creek, and that this was a better point to have Eno at for use in any direction.

I shall try to make such disposition as will guard all the points, and at the same time give me the greatest facility for concentration, should the enemy return in force. A party of 80, with led stock, crossed the road, going south, at Sand Spring on the day before yesterday: other parties reported as going in the same direction.

If you can possibly supply the force, the guards at the Piney and Gasconade and the garrison at Waynesville should be replaced; without this, they have a good outlet by the valley of the Gasconade, and already small guerrilla, parties are robbing trains and raiding the country.

The officer in command at Waynesville should be a man of energy, and should be a man of energy, and should have force enough to scour that whole country.

I will write you from Buffalo, and hope on my arrival there to get better informed of the movements of the enemy.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

