
SEDALIA, MO., October 13, 1863-5 a.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

From rumor last night, I suppose there was fighting on Buffalo Prairie, east of La Mine, and 15 miles southwest of Boonville. Weer's command is just starting toward Marshall; the balance I halted last night 13 miles toward Boonville. Future movements are wholly dependent on information. My scouts toward Marshall and Boonville bring signally [singularly] no word from General Brown's command for two days. Telegraph me here.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

SEDALIA, MO., October 13, 1863

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

General Brown, at 3 a.m. to-day, from 8 miles east of Marshall, reports the enemy moving rapidly west. Since then he had an engagement. Cannonading ceased about noon in same direction.

GEORGE H. HALL,

Colonel,

MACON CITY, MO., October 13, 1863

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Just received the following:

GLASGOW, October 13, [1863.]

General O. GUITAR:

A citizen from Cambridge reports having seen one of Shelby's men in that vicinity this a.m. There were others scattered in that vicinity. The rebels stated that Shelby's men intended taking Marshall last night. He states that they were to form a junction with Marmaduke; place not named. A messenger from Tillman's company is just in. He did not overtake them. He has been 12 miles beyond Boonville. He reports the rebels at 1,200 and the Federals at 2,000 or 2,500. They were pursuing, and had killed 12 rebels; had lost 4 men. The rebels took the Lexington road.

A. F. DENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.

BOONVILLE, MO., October 13, 1863.

Major LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Just returned. With my men I formed a junction with Colonel Cole. We went beyond Blackwater, and could not overtake the enemy or General Brown, fifteen hours in advance. Learned that 300 of the enemy had broken off from the enemy. Moved toward Arrow Rock and Boonville. Showed Colonel Cole my order from you; in consideration of that and the move of the 300, Colonel Cole advised me to move here. Have Major Leonard's command await your orders. Citizens are very much alarmed; rumors of enemy moving again upon them. Have no rations. I know nothing of General Guitar yet.

T. T. CRITTENDEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

