
TIPTON, MO., October 13, 1863

General TOTTEN:

I have just arrived at this point; all right. General Ewing left Sedalia at 3 a.m. to-day, toward Arrow Rock.

R. H. BROWN,

Major, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 13, 1863

Major R. H. BROWN, Tipton:

Send the following by messengers from Tipton and from La Mine to General Ewing. General Schofield telegraphs this evening as follows:

Advices received from General Guitar from Glasgow leave no doubt that the enemy went west from Boonville. Brown had a fight with them last night, and another this morning. Last accounts the rebels were going toward Lexington; our troops in pursuit.

JAS. TOTTEN.

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD.

Seven miles from Longwood, October 13, 1863-2 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Dispatches from my scouts received at 1 a.m., showing that the enemy crossed La Mine just about mouth of the Blackwater yesterday afternoon, and then turned north, crossing Blackwater on the Marshall road. I started men at daylight from Sedalia toward Marshall, and am taking another command from Boonville road near La Mine, crossing northwest to Longwood, from which I will move as information shall there reach me. I fear General Brown trusts too small messenger parties, who are scared off or picked up. I still hear nothing from him. Cannon heard this morning in the direction of Arrow Rock. I will reach Longwood at 4 p.m. Very bad road.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General

LE ROY, KANS., October 13, 1863

Brigadier-General EWING:

Yesterday morning at 2 o'clock. I received a dispatch from Neosho Falls, written by Colonel Coffin, Indian superintendent, informing me that the guerrillas had taken Osage Mission the day previous, and were marching up the valley with a force of 500 men. I started Lieutenant [George W.] Simons at once down the valley with 20 men, with orders to proceed by way of Humboldt, and obtain information, and followed at daylight with my own company and four companies of Kansas State Militia. I reached Humboldt at 9 o'clock a.m., and there learned that only a small rebel force had been at the Mission, and had left. I sent two companies of Kansas State Militia back to Le Roy, and at 4 o'clock p.m. Lieutenant Simons returned, having been at the Mission. He informed me that 20 guerrillas had entered the Mission the day previous at daylight, took about 40 horses and all the powder and lead they could find, also 4 prisoners, and left, going south. Eight miles below the Mission they released two of the prisoners, who were citizens, and

