
took the others on. The two taken on were furloughed soldiers of the Ninth Kansas.

A few moments after Lieutenant Simons returned, I received a dispatch from General Scott's [?] adjutant, informing me that 500 guerrillas had moved up the Verdigris, and were then near Belmont. I moved at once to this place, arriving with the advance at 11 p.m., and found about 300 of the Kansas State Militia collected. When I left Humboldt I sent a scout out toward Belmont, with orders to report to me at Le Roy if they could discover any rebel force. When I reached this place, I sent several scouting parties over toward the Verdigris, and awaited their reports at this point. Up to this writing (4 p.m.) two of the scouting parties have arrived from the Verdigris, and report the country clear of rebels, and say that they can get no trace of any guerrillas, and they are fully of the opinion that no force of rebels have passed up that way. The reports that gave rise to this excitement came from Indians, through Colonel Coffin and Mr. Carruth, the Indian agent. I excitement has been very great, and the Kansas State Militia are out in full force. General Scott [?] has sent six companies home, and will send off the others in the morning. I am fully of the opinion that, with the exception of those who came to the Osage Mission, no rebels have been in the valley. I did not believe at any time that there was any real danger; hence my delay in reporting to you. General Blunt has taken all the troops at Humboldt and Belmont to Fort Scott.

If the militia will turn out when there is a real raid half as well as they have this time, with the little assistance I can render, we can whip any 500 of the enemy that may choose to come up this way.

I am very respectfully,

J. G. LINDSAY,

First Lieutenant Commanding Company F, Eleventh Kansas Vol. Cavalry.

MACON CITY, MO., October 13, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I have just received the following dispatch from Glasgow:

GLASGOW, MO., October 13,[1863]

General O. GUITAR:

Colonel Wilson, of Marshall, reached here last night, and reports that a Union prisoner escaped the rebels yesterday at 9 o'clock near La Mine Bridge. The rebels were then on the Georgetown road, but from their conversation he understood they were going to Marshall, and from there to Lexington, where they would form a junction with Marmaduke. This man reports them between 2,000 and 3,000 strong, with two pieces of artillery. I reached here last night at 10 o'clock. Captain Tillman's company joined Major Leonard at Boonville yesterday morning at 7 o'clock; do not know whether they continued with him.

A. F. DENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

You will observe from this it would be utterly impracticable to reach General Brown with supplies from the north side of the river. There are no supplies at Glasgow. To reach General Brown from here, supplies would have to be wagoned 35 miles on this side, and at least as far on south side of river, besides transportation by rail from this place to Renick, and by boat from Glasgow. My decided opinion is, notwithstanding dispatch, that the rebels have gone in the direction of Georgetown. But whether in that direction toward Marshall, I respectfully suggest that supplies should be forwarded to Tipton or Sedalia if break in road has been repaired, and, if necessary to wagon them beyond,

