
press teams if no Government transportation can be had. My opinion is that the rebel force is greatly exaggerated and that the whole thing will not reach 1,800 men. The men I ordered to Jefferson City and Boonville, about 600, have joined General Brown.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 13, 1863-4 p.m.

Brigadier-Generals GUITAR, Macon City:

There are strong indications that the rebels intend to cross the Missouri River, if possible. I am told there is a place near the north of the La Mine where the river is fordable at this time. Doubtless there may be other places. All such should be guarded; also all ferry boats.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GLASGOW, MO., October 13, 1863-4.30 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The messenger who brought in Major Leonard's dispatch reports the rebels divided, 8 miles southwest of Arrow Rock, this morning about 7 o'clock. He reports a fight at dark last night on Blackwater; also a skirmish this a.m. below Arrow Rock. He reports about 100 rebels passed through Arrow Rock last night, and came within 2 miles of Saline City, where they turned in direction of Marshall, except 15 or 20, who came on up the river and scattered.

A. F. DENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 14, 1863-3.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief

General Brown brought the rebels under Shelby to a decisive engagement yesterday. The fight was obstinate, and lasted five hours. The rebels were finally completely routed and scattered in all directions, with loss of all their artillery and baggage, and a large number of small-arms and prisoners. The enemy's loss in killed and wounded is very great. Ours is also large. Our troops are still pursuing the flying rebels.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

GLASGOW, MO., October 14, [1863]-9.15 a.m.

General GUITAR, Macon City:

Lieutenant [Alexander K.] Cropp, of Company C, has returned with his company. He left Major Leonard yesterday at noon, below Arrow Rock. He reports about the same facts telegraphed you last night. He states that the impression is that Shelby is going toward Lexington. The lieutenant reports a scattered force of 75 to 100 west of this, on the other side of the river. A small lot of rebels came up to his camp last

