
CALIFORNIA, MO., October 14, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN:

There were about 20 thieves commenced stealing horses near the river north of this last night at dark. Crossed the railroad east of this,and his in the brush at daylight. After traveling all day, found their camp at 3 o'clock; sent scout after them, and I have posted men to catch them.

F. W. HICKOX,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS,Sedalia, Mo., October 14, 1863.

General TOTTEN:

I have just received the following, the substance of a dispatch from Brigadier-General Brown, which, if you can advise General Totten, may be of service:

We have had a glorious victory, capturing the enemy's artillery,a large number of small-arms, part of his train, and a long list of killed, wounded, &amp;c.

This dispatch was dated at Marshall, October 13, 1863, 3 p.m., and stated that the battle lasted five hours, and that General Brown's forces were pursuing the enemy in all directions. Our casualties heavy; the enemy's more so.

GEORGE H. HALL,

Colonel Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

TIPTON, MO., October 14, 1863.

General TOTTEN:

A messenger just arrived, saying enemy, in force, retreating toward, and are close to, Syracuse, Mo.

S. M. CURRAN,

Captain First Nebraska.

GLASGOW, October 14, [1863]-5 p.m.

General O. GUITAR, Macon:

A citizen has just arrived from Marshall, who reports that Colonel Hall headed Shelby yesterday morning at 7 o'clock, and engaged him; that General Brown came upon his rear soon afterward, and the fight lasted four hours. The loss in killed and wounded was small on both sides. General Brown captured one gun and Shelby's entire baggage train. The rebels divided, part going in the direction of Miami and part returning in the direction of Jonesborough.

Another citizen, just in from La Fayette County, reports that at 3 p.m. yesterday an engagement took place at Fairview, midway between Marshall and Miami; that the Federals camped at Fairview last night, and were scouring the country this morning, hunting the guns that Shelby is supposed to have hid.

A. F. DENNY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

