
PATTERSON, MO., October 14, 1863.

General FISK:

Dr. Pollok has just arrived at our camp. He is wounded in the right hip and left arm; not dangerous. Sergeant Gillespie is a prisoner. The doctor thinks they will not kill him.

P. L. POWERS.

MARSHALL, MO., October 14, 1863-8 a.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The scattered force of the enemy have moved to the west, and I learn that they will concentrate with Quantrill and Jackman, near the headquarters of the Sni. I have thrown a force into Lexington, and my main force is following them. Weer moved west this morning.

I am, very respectfully,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LA MINE BRIDGE, MO.,

October 14, 1863-2.30 p.m.

General TOTTEN:

A force of rebels are reported to be at Otterville, robbing that town. I have scouts in every direction. There is a rumor that General Price is at Warsaw with 3,000 men, and will be in Syracuse or Lebanon to-day or to-morrow. This is only a rumor. The lieutenant commanding at Otterville report the rebels approaching that town.

R. H. BROWN,

Major, Commanding.

LA MINE BRIDGE, MO., October 14, 1863.

General TOTTEN:

About 250 of the rebels crossed about 2 miles from this place, going south. They were reported 1,000 strong at Lebanon. They have divided their forces, part going west of this place and part east of it. I have 45 wagons here loaded with supplies for the forces of Generals Brown and Ewing. I shall keep them here for the present. Some of my scouts are taken by the rebels, I fear, as they have not returned.

R. H. BROWN,

Major, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 14, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM BAUMER,

First Nebraska Volunteer Infantry, Tuscumbia:

Parties of rebels are crossing the Pacific Railroad this p.m., going south, in the retreat from the regions of Boonville, Marshall, &amp;c., where they have been badly beaten, and lost their artillery. They will reach the Osage by to-morrow some time, probably. The extermination of the rebels, or their capture, is the all-important thing, now they are broken and flying from our victorious troops. A party of rebels, numbering 20, passed south, 2 miles east of California; another much larger force

