
sent four companies to Tuscumbia unnecessarily, as I have there battalion First Nebraska. I propose, with your approbation, to send Morton up the Osage; his infantry,150 strong, to Duroc, a favorite ford of rebels, about 12 miles below Warsaw, and two companies of his cavalry west of him, watching the fords of the Osage. I await your orders. The two companies of militia at Linn Creek can take care of the fords at that place and Mining Post.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 14, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel QUIN MORTON,

Linn Creek, Missouri:

Your report of arrival at Linn Creek has been received by General Totten, temporarily in command in this vicinity. By direction of Major-General Schofield, this moment received by telegraph, you will concentrate your command at Linn Creek,and near there, and be prepared to move at a moment's notice upon receipt of further orders. Colonel Edwards has 1,500 men watching the fords about Warsaw and Osceola. The latest information from the enemy is as follows: Monday night was moving on road from Boonville to Marshall; General Brown on his rear. Skirmished with him at crossing of La Mine; killed 15 rebels, and lost none. Had another skirmish yesterday morning, and about noon cannonading was heard at Sedalia. At 3 a.m. yesterday General Brown was 8 miles east of Marshall, moving westward rapidly. Your command is to be held in hand, ready to strike them if they double and return eastward or scatter and fly in your direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 14, 1863-11 a.m.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

Colonel Edwards has 1,500 men watching the fords about Warsaw and Osceola. I think Morton should keep his troops pretty well concentrated near Linn Creek, and keep them fresh, ready to strike the rebels if they double and come east again. If the rebels continue west, Morton should move as far west as Warsaw, while Edwards goes still farther. I hope to get information soon.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 14, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Colonel Crittenden reports his return to Boonville. Followed enemy across Blackwater, and thence pursued 300 rebels reported as having gone toward Arrow Rock and Boonville. Has Major Leonard's command with him. People in Boonville much alarmed, fearing rebels will return in that direction, as rumored. He reports himself as without rations, and awaits orders. I sent Isabella up yesterday with 20,000 rations, to relative troops along the river as far as Lexington. I think

