
BOONVILLE, MO., October 14, 1863-11 a.m.

LUCIEN J. BARNES, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Dispatches just in from General Guitar to Major Leonard, ordering him to await orders from you; informs him that he learns a band of several hundred would undertake to cross the river about the mouth of La Mine. Number exaggerated, it is supposed. I have forwarded in haste your telegram to General Brown. Know not where he is. Have sent to Marshall, Saline County. Isabella not arrived yet.

T. T. CRITTENDEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 14, 1863.

Captain HANNAHS, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The rebels under Shelby passed Marshall, in Saline County, going west, before noon yesterday. General Brown and Colonel Weer were close upon them, and had a fight about noon. General Ewing was farther east. Possibly the rebels may reach the Kansas line. Keep a sharp lookout for them, and, if they approach the Kansas line, try to head them off, and detain them until the troops in pursuit can come up.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., October 14, 1863.

Commanding Officers of Stations on the Border:

The rebel Colonel Shelby passed through Marshall, Saline County, yesterday about noon, where our forces, under General Brown and Colonel Weer, engaged him, and routed him, with a loss of 100, his artillery, and train. Loss on our side slight. General Ewing is co-operating with General Brown. It is not impossible that Shelby may attempt to escape through Kansas south, which must be resisted with all the efforts in our power. You will keep up thorough patrol night and day, and send out daily into Missouri as large scouting parties as the strength of your commands will allow. If any signs of an enemy in force are seen, spare not horse-flesh in conveying the news to adjoining stations and to the border towns in Kansas.

The latest news from our forces is full of encouragement, and gives a promise that the rebels will be severely punished, if not captured and destroyed. Let renewed and ceaseless vigilance be exercised by every officer and soldier along the entire border.

Commanding officers of stations will read and forward to the lowest station in this district.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

J. M. HADLEY,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] TWO MILES SOUTHWEST OF LONGWOOD, MO.,

October 14, 1863-4 a.m.

Commanding Officer, Warrensburg, Mo.:

The enemy at noon yesterday was fighting with General Brown's forces, near Marshall, and retreating rapidly west or southwest. Colo-

