
new Weer, with his cavalry command, has gone north,and must be close on the enemy's rear. Send me all information by Warrensburg and Knobnoster.

As the enemy approaches, it will be your duty to cover the country north of the Harrisonville, Warrensburg, and Sedalia road with scouting parties of citizen militia or soldiers, to give information which will enable us to head him. It is thought he will strike southwest from Marshall, but nothing is certainly known, as the troops which have caught up with the enemy have so far given no information to the co-operating forces under my command.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to commanding officers at Harrisonville, Pleasant Hill, Hickman Mills, Kansas City, Westport, &amp;c.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, October 15, 1863.

Major-General STEELE, Little Rock, Ark:

GENERAL: Several officers and men belonging to Marmaduke's command have recently been captured in Missouri and the northern part of Arkansas. Deserters from Marmaduke's division report that a large proposition of that division are returning across the Arkansas River, either as deserters or for the purpose of making raids into Missouri. It is reported that one Colonel Shaver is now at Jacksonport collecting and organizing these men. It is important that this operation be broken up, if possible. It gives endless trouble in Missouri. Shelby left Price near Arkadelphia in the latter part of September, crossed the Arkansas near Ozark, and succeeded in reaching the Missouri River before force enough could be concentrated to stop him. He has been beaten and his force scattered. Most of it will probably be captured, but not until they have done great damage. His force was from 1,000 to 1,500 men, with two pieces of artillery. If possible, the line of the Arkansas should be occupied so as to prevent organized bodies like Shelby's from crossing, and the country north of the river should be so occupied as to prevent stragglers who may come across from concentrating and organizing for raids into Missouri. If you can send a regiment of cavalry to Jacksonport, and one in the Arkansas Valley, about midway between Little Rock and Ozark, I can probably do the rest by the use of the troops in Missouri and Western Arkansas. The troops thus detached would have to subsist mainly upon the country, which I presume could be done with but little difficulty.

Please inform me what you can do in this matter, and also what progress you are making in raising new troops in Arkansas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

Saint Louis, Mo., October 15, 1863-11.10 a.m.

Brigadier-General McNEIL:

General Brown informs me that after the fight on the 13th most of the scattered rebel forces moved west from Marshall. He thinks they

42 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

