
will concentrate on the headwaters of the Snibar. Brown's forces and Weer's are in pursuit. Look out for them at Osceola and west of that place. Order Colonel Morton to guard the Osage as far up as Warsaw.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., October 15, 1863-11.15 a.m.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

General Brown informs me that most of the rebel force went west after the fight at Marshall. He thinks they will concentrate on the headquarters of the Snibar. McNeil is moving west from Buffalo to cut off their retreat south. Dispatch Morton to guard the Osage as far west as Warsaw.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 15, 1863.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Forces in the Field, via Tipton:

As many as four squads of rebels, numbering from 20 to 250, have crossed the railroad at different points between La Mine and California. We are deficient in cavalry in this direction, and we hear of none of yours in pursuit of these bands. As many as 400, in four equal detachment, should be sent at once in the direction of Warsaw, La Mine, Versailles, and California. Please send these detachments at once, if possible, so that, if driven back northward, something may meet them.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 15, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel QUIN MORTON,

Linn Creek, Missouri:

By direction of General Schofield, just received by telegraph, you will with your force guard the line of the Osage as far west as and including Warsaw. The bulk of the rebel force went west after the fight, and General Brown thinks will concentrate on the headquarters of the Snibar. Squads of them, however, crossed the railroad, going south, as dispatched you by last evening's messenger. Watch for all such squads, and exterminate the thieves. Let your troops occupy the Osage as quickly as possible to Warsaw. General McNeil is moving west from Buffalo. The general also suggests that it would be well for you to watch the ford at or near Mining Post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PILOT KNOB, MO., October 15, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Deserters from Price's army report that nearly all of Marmaduke's division have deserted, and are coming into Missouri, many to go home, if

