
they can; otherwise to make raids after the manner of Shelby. Colonel Shaver is now at Jacksonport, endeavoring to rally them for organization, and a march upon Missouri. We have captured 3 of Shaver's officers, and, from their reports, I conclude Rolla to be the point aimed for. I have ordered a party in the direction of Alton, to obtain information.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

PILOT KNOB, MO., October 15, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I am satisfied that the rebel gang in Southeastern Missouri and Northern Arkansas are obtaining their munitions of war from points on both sides of the Mississippi River, between Saint Louis and Cape Girardeau. Since the occupation of Little Rock by our forces, the rebels north of the Arkansas have no depot from which to obtain munitions, and their friends in Saint Louis are doubtless furnishing them as best they can. I have a party now in pursuit of seven kegs of powder en route from Saint Genevieve to the swamps below. I wish you would attach all the river counties below Saint Louis and on the Iron Mountain Railroad to my district, and fix my headquarters at Saint Louis, where I can reach the whole district with greater facility than from this point, and can do other good service at the same time.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., October 16, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Major Brown, at La Mine, says Major Houts, Seventh Regiment Missouri State Militia, has just returned from pursuit of the enemy, and reports 100 encamped night before last 16 miles south of La Mine, near Florence, and were making for the Osage, between Cole Camp and Versailles. They had one piece of artillery.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 16, 1863- 1 p.m.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

Your dispatch informs me that Major Houts, Seventh Missouri State Militia, has just returned from the pursuit, apparently leaving the enemy to go off at this leisure at any time, when a vigorous pursuit should be most effective. This matter requires full investigation.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SEDALIA, MO., October 16, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN:

The rebels, pursued by Colonel Hall, passed Cole Camp yesterday, not to-day.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

