
SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 16, 1863-7.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel BISHOP, Springfield, Mo.:

Shelby's force, about 500 strong, passed Rose Hill last night. Inform General McNeil.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 16, 1863.

Colonel GRAVELY, Lebanon, Mo.:

Four hundred or 500 rebels, with one piece of artillery, camped near Florence, 16 miles south of the railroad, night before last. They were making for the Osage, between Cole Camp and Versailles, at last accounts. A number of the rebel force, about 600, under Shelby, passed near Clinton night before last, going south. It is understood that Quantrill and others are some and others are somewhere in the border counties, and will try to join Shelby south of the Osage. Inform General McNeil and Colonel Morton.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

LEBANON, MO., October 16, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BISHOP, Commanding:

Captain [W. W.] Owens left Lebanon very early this morning with escort of 40 men. This evening General Schofield telegraphs me that 500 rebels were moving this way, encamping near Florence night before last. I had but few men, and did not receive your dispatch until after Owens left. I thought all right. Please send out some men to meet him to-morrow night, as he will be in a dangerous place.

J. J. GRAVELY,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

LEXINGTON, MO., October 16, 1863-6 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,:

Shelby is retreating southward precipitately. He is on Blackwater to-night, closely pursued. He will pass west of Warrensburg. I captured, 5 miles below Waverly, this morning, all his transportation and two ambulances; also two wagons loaded with ammunition. His forces are scattered. He has now about 500 men with him; one-half cut off yesterday in fight in Marshall.

JNO. F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Bolivar, Mo., October 16, 1863-11 p.m.

Colonel A. W. BISHOP, Commanding Post, Springfield, Mo.:

COLONEL: I leave immediately in pursuit of the enemy, who, 1,000 strong, passed Humansville at sundown this evening. Send all the available cavalry force, with utmost speed, to Mount Vernon, to intercept them. Communicate with me. I shall go by way of Greenfield.

Yours, &amp;c.,

C. B. HOLLAND,

Brigadier General, Commanding Enrolled Mo. Militia, 4th Mil. Dist of Missouri.

