HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI,Pilot Knob, Mo., October 16, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

Surgeon Pollok, Third Colorado Infantry, who was wounded and fell into the hands of the enemy at the recent fight at Pitman's Ferry, has been released and sent to our lines. The doctor concludes from what he learned while in captivity that the enemy will concentrate on Crowley's Ridge, abandon their project of a raid into Missouri, and give special attention to bushwhacking our transports on the Mississippi River. I am fitting out an expedition that will go and see about it.

I have deserters direct from Price's army, who state that the old fertilizer was at Arkadelphia, where he would remain until he could learn the result of the election in Ohio. A captured rebel mail, in which are letters from Missouri rebel officers, gives the same information. Gov. Tom C. Reynolds had made an address to the Missourians, stating that England and France had recognized the Southern Confederacy; that the ports of Boston and New York were already blockaded, and the election of Vallandigham in Ohio was would end the war and restore Missouri's scarred veterans to their homes. Shelby had been sent to the Missouri River, where 2,500 men would join him, repossess the State capital, and expel the Gamble dynasty.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., October 16, 1863-12.30 a.m.

Colonel E. LYNDE,

Ninth Kansas Cavalry, Trading Post, Kans.:

COLONEL: Inclosed you will find dispatches from General Ewing. Send all available forces below Cold Water Grove at once to Little Osage, with instructions to move, in the absence of orders, from that place southeast, until they strike the trail of the enemy going out; or, if they should find that he had gone south of Little Osage before they arrive there, they will push on, by the nearest route, for his trail. I will send yo 40 men from Aubrey, to replace those you send out, and 40 from Westport, or this place, and, if more are needed, call on militia.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

J. M. HADLEY,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CALIFORNIA, MO., October 16, 1863-12.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

The rebels took horses from loyal men and left broken-down horses in their place. Shall I take the horses and leave them without any?

Answer.

F. W. HICKOX,

Colonel Enrolled Missouri Militia.

