
SAINT LOUIS, October 17, 1863-10 a.m.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN, President of the United States:

The papers in General Blunt's case were forwarded to the Adjutant-General on the 3rd instant. May I ask to know your pleasure concerning the proposed change?

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 17, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

If any troops can be spared from General Steele's command, send them to Memphis. If any can be spared from Missouri, send them to Louisville, Ky.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS,Linn Creek, Missouri, October 17, 1863.

[LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

GENERAL: Your orders, by messenger, reached me yesterday evening. The troops are in motion to obey them. Major Fischer, of Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, moves to Warsaw and fords between this post and Warsaw, with seven companies of cavalry; his headquarters will be at Warsaw. We will hold the following fords: Tuscumbia, Brockman's, Little Grave, Mining Post, Auglaize, Burnett's, Salt Shoal, Big Kinchelo, Foley's, Linn Creek, Dotson's, Whitten's, Williams', Carrol's, Cable's, Raney Creek, Deer Creek, Little Buffalo, Wigwam, Duroc, Hackberry, and Warsaw. Several of these fords are held by infantry. My headquarters will still be at this place.

General, you will much oblige me by sending late papers, as I have not seen one for the last ten days, and am in profound ignorance of what is going on.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

QUIN MORTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

WILMINGTON, KANS., October 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General EWING:

SIR: I started on the 11th three trains to Council Grove, with orders to scout the country north of the road. The escort had returned, but found that the rumors about rebels being in that part of the country were without foundation.

On the 16th I started five more, and this morning, the 17th, have got one more started. There has been some excitement here, caused by a report that Quantrill was coming into the valley of the Neosho; but the excitement is again going down. I have kept scouts out, but have failed so far to find them, or of getting any information of the rebels. There is nothing of further importance to communicate. Recruiting is progressing rather slowly; I have recruited but two yet.

Your humble servant,

JOHN M. ALLEN,

Captain Company K, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

