
LEBANON, MO., October 18, 1863-9.10 p.m.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I have every preparation made for a fight. I did not think of destroying any property only as a last resort. We have a stockade around a large brick building, and unless the enemy have artillery they cannot whip us with a thousand men. I have dispatched Colonel Morton. General McNeil was directly west of the enemy. Re-enforcements could not reach us in time from Rolla. Unless we are attacked by noon to-morrow, we will not be at all by the force at Buffalo.

J. J. GRAVELY,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 18, 1863-10 p.m.

Colonel GRAVELY, Lebanon:

All right. If they come, fight them to the last extremity. Do not destroy any property unless compelled to, but at all events do not let the rebels get it.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI,Pilot Knob, Mo., October 19, 1863.

Captain [HIRAM A.] RICE, Fredericktown, Mo.:

What news from the guerrillas? I notice a shameful communication in to-day's Republican, dated at Fredericktown and signed "Madison." The article sets forth to all Southeastern Missouri just what your strength is, and represents that yourself and Provost-Marshal [Hugh M.] Bradley are in constant fear of being gobbled up, and the town in expectation of robbery and pillage; that you can't get more force, and, when you send out a scout, nothing in accomplished.

All this is wrong, and I shall ascertain who the correspondent is, if you can't, and put him through. You have never asked for re-enforcements, I believe, and we certainly have not force enough to station a company at every dry-goods store in the district.

Do you hear anything more from Hildebrandt? I will give any of your boys 80 acres of land that will bring is his head either on or off his shoulders.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

CASSVILLE, MO., October 19, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel BISHOP:

I have just come in here from Gadfly, having sent my column along by Keytesville. Shelby crossed the Wire road to-day, about 600 strong. We have his trail, and I shall force a night march. What have you from General Holland? My commissary train not come up; I shall require it here, and launch into Arkansas. Telegraph me the news. I have heard scarcely anything since the day I left Saint Louis.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

