
My original design in organizing the militia of Missouri was to prepare the entire military force of the State so that it could be quickly called into active service in any emergency, such, for example, as a raid from Arkansas; thus diminishing greatly the United States force necessary to be kept in Missouri. I still propose to carry out this plan, preserving and perfecting the organization of the militia regiments so that they will be available whenever they may be required.

For the reasons I have stated, I would not recommend that these troops be kept in continuous service longer than necessary to prevent an actual withdrawal of troops from more important service. But I would not, for any reasons which now exist, or which I can now foresee, recommend that they be discharged until they can be spared without any diminution of the main armies.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

WAYNESVILLE, MO., October 20, 1863.

General DAVIES:

A party of rebels, 30 strong, were seen on Rolla road, at 2 o'clock yesterday, 5 miles out. Last night were 9 miles out, at Hutchinson's place. I have no men to send out after them. Some of them in Federal uniform. They have taken some horses and other things.

CHAS. B. MAUS,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Cassville, Mo., October 20, 1863.

Colonel BISHOP:

General McNeil is encamped to-night on Sugar Creek, south of Elkhorn, on road to Huntsville. Forces of the enemy stronger than anticipated. He makes inquiries of Holland's and Ewing's forces, and urges the importance of an early junction.

JOHN E. PHELPS,

Commanding Post.

LEBANON, MO., October 20, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIES:

GENERAL: Captain Whybark reported to me with his command at 3 p.m. General Schofield has ordered Colonel Morton, with Twenty-third Missouri, to Rolla. General Schofield directs me to use all the cavalry at this post to drive out a number of rebels which were at Buffalo on the 18th. They are moving slowly southeast, in the direction of Hartville, and I would be glad if you will allow me to take Captain Whybark with me.

J. J. GRAVELY,

Colonel Eighth Cavalry.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 120. Saint Louis, October 20, 1863.

Judges of elections of the various precincts in Missouri are notified that they will be held responsible that, at the election on the 3rd of November next, those persons, and only those, be permitted to vote who are entitled to do so by the laws of the State; and especially that

