
the ordinance of the State Convention adopted June 10, 1862, and published herewith, be enforced in every case.

It is the duty of the judges of election at each precinct in the State to see that every person qualified by the constitution and laws of the State shall be permitted to exercise the elective franchise without let or hinderance, and it is equally their duty to see that those who are not qualified under the constitution and laws, or who refuse to qualify according to the terms of the annexed ordinance, shall not be allowed to vote; and any action on their part excluding qualified voters from the polls, or admitting those who are not qualified as stated, will be punished as a military offense.

Any person who has borne arms against the Government of the United States, or voluntarily given aid and comfort to its enemies during the present rebellion, and who shall presume to act as judge or clerk at said election, and any county judge who shall knowingly appoint any such person as above described to act as judge at said election, will be deemed guilty of violation of military orders, and, upon conviction thereof, will be punished accordingly.

In those parts of the State where there is danger of interference by guerrilla bands, or by combinations of persons intended to overawe or intimidate legal voters, district commanders will so dispose their troops as will most certainly prevent such interference.

Where no such protection may be deemed necessary, all troops will absent themselves from the polls entirely, and in all cases when ordered by their district commander to be present, their action will be strictly confined to the suppression of violence and removing the interference above named, to the end that the laws may be enforced and the purity of the ballot-box maintained. Under the pretext of guarding against violence at the polls, no officer or soldier will be permitted to interfere with the peaceful and legal expression of public sentiment, and no officer will be excused for a willful failure to remove any interference intended to prevent such expression.

District commanders will designate, on the day previous to the election, those counties in their respective districts in which such protection may be deemed necessary, and cause their troops to be disposed accordingly.

Any willful violation of this order will be promptly punished as a military offense.

Missouri troops will vote at the company polls opened for that purpose, at the headquarters of their posts, camps, or detachments, in accordance with the ordinance of the State Convention, passed June 12, 1862, and at no other place.

Special attention is directed to General Orders, Numbers 101, from these headquarters, dated September 28, 1863, its observance strictly enjoined upon all in Missouri.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AN ORDINANCE DEFINING THE QUALIFICATIONS OF VOTERS AND CIVIL OFFICERS IN THIS STATE.

Be it ordained by the People of the State of Missouri in Convention assembled as follows:

SECTION 1. No person shall vote at any election to be hereafter held in this State, under or in pursuance of the constitution and laws thereof,

