
whether State, county, township, or municipal, who shall not, in addition to possessing the qualifications already prescribed for electors, previously take an oath in form as follows, namely:

I,

------

------

, do solemnly swear (or affirm, as the case may be) that I will support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States and the constitution of the State of Missouri against all enemies and opposers, whether domestic or foreign; that I will bear true faith, loyalty,and allegiance to the United States, and will not, directly or indirectly, give aid and comfort, or countenance, to the enemies or opposers thereof, or of the Provisional Government of the State of Missouri, any ordinance, law, or resolution of any State Convention or Legislature, or of any order or organization, secret or otherwise, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that I do this with a full and honest determination, pledge, and purpose faithfully to keep and perform the same without any mental reservation or evasion whatever. And I do further solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have not, since the 17th day of December, A. D. 1861, willfully taken up arms, or levied war, against the United States, or against the Provisional Government of the State of Missouri. So help me God.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., October 21, 1863.

Major-General STEELE,

Commanding Arkansas Expedition, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: The dispatch accompanying this,* from Major-General Schofield, directs, as you will perceive, that you send to this point such troops as you can spare. I have already requested one brigade to be sent here-True's.

General Sherman expects me to hold the line from Memphis to Tuscumbia, as he now writes. To do this I must have a reserve movable force at Corinth, La Grange, and Memphis, with which to keep the enemy's cavalry and light column busy 50 miles below the railroad. At present I have not a spare regiment of infantry. In addition, the General-in-Chief requires the restoration of the road from Columbus to Corinth, and the establishment of telegraphic intercourse. This I conceive impossible to maintain, but I propose to try it. Sherman has two divisions at or near Tuscumbia. Every available man on the whole line from Mobile to Okolona has been sent to Bragg, and Wheeler is massing all the cavalry of the left of Bragg's army north of the Tennessee near Florence. Grant has been sent to Louisville, and, I think, will go to Nashville and assume general command.

No special news here, except that the enemy keep about 4,000 men along the Tallahatchie.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., October 21, 1863.

General McNEIL, Fayetteville:

Brigadier-General Sanborn is ordered to relieve you in command of the District of Southwestern Missouri, and you to relieve Major-General Blunt in command of the District of the Frontier, headquarters at Fort Smith. It is important that you assume your new command as soon as practicable; yet do not let the change interfere with your present operations. General Sanborn started for Springfield yesterday.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Schofield to Steele, p. 664.

---------------

