
Marmaduke away from Arkadelphia and then turn to meet Shelby, as he will undoubtedly endeavor to join the former. It is impossible to divine where he will cross the Arkansas, and if an attempt should be made to intercept him on the river, he would most probably escape.

True's brigade has constructed excellent huts for winter quarters, and so have most of my troops.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harrisonville Station, Mo., October 24, 1863.

Lieutenant H. HANNAHS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of the Border:

LIEUTENANT: Yesterday morning while our messengers were returning from Pleasant Hill with the mail they were fired on by a party of bushwhackers. One of them was taken prisoner; the other escaped with the mail and got to station at 10 a.m. About 4 p.m. the one who was taken prisoner also came in, bringing a note from Lieutenant Wedington, of bushwhacking notoriety. The note I send you just as I received it. About 8 p.m. last night two men of Company M, Sixth Kansas Volunteers, came in and reported that they were taken prisoners by Wedington's band on the 20th. They are the men referred to in the note. They were permitted to bring their horses in with them; their great-coats, boots,arms, and money were taken from them. Two of Wedington's men escorted them to within 2 miles of this station, and then sent them in.

Very respectfully,

W. DOUDNA,

Major, Commanding Station.

[Inclosure.]

NEAR HARRISONVILLE, October 20, 1863.

Colonel CLARK,

Commanding Ninth Kansas:

SIR: I this morning have captured two of your soldiers,in accordance with the custom heretofore, they would be executed, but I release them from two considerations: One is that they are boys, and again, whereas Colonel Quantrill, commanding the Confederate guerrillas, is absent, the command is given to me during his absence. I heartily regret the inhuman treatment of prisoners here on the border; but I, by this act, propose carrying it on the entirely a different way. I have released your men, and am willing to do it hereafter. Now, let us conduct the war in a way in which we will not be ashamed of in after years.

Yours, &amp;c.,

WEDINGTON,

Lieutenant, Confederate Guerrillas.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI,Pilot Knob, Mo., October 24, 1863.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS, Cape Girardeau:

I am quite satisfied that many of the horses stolen in Southeastern Missouri find their way into Illinois at Chester. Can you, by any means,

