
instant. All troops sent into this district from the Rolla district have been ordered back. The rebels burned the court-houses at Buffalo and Huntsville, and robbed all Union men on their route of home and everything portable in their houses. They killed 2 men in Wright County. They were too far gone before I could obtain force enough to follow them. They were under command of Major [Lee] Crandall, and were variously estimated by citizens on their route at from 400 to 700.

J. J. GRAVELY,

Colonel Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., October 26, 1863.

General FISK, Commanding:

Imagine the worst you can about the Chester traitors, and you will fall far short of the truth. We have written to Saint Louis often, but still his shipment of contraband and other wrong exist. They sell powder by the keg into Missouri, and unlimited quantities of salt and whisky. I cannot reach them, as it is out of my district, and I am worked nearly to death to keep things right here and below. No law; everything, from stealing a chicken to murder, comes to me. I have given security to property here, and will not spare any effort to extend the influence. I think the Chester rascal ought to be attended to from Saint Louis or Cairo. My means and power are too limited.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

FREDERICKTOWN, MO., October 26, 1863.

Brigadier-General FISK:

My scouts just in from below. Captain Leeper had started the gang from about Hog-Eye, from whence they made for the swamp. My boys pursued and found they had divided, six with Hildebrandt and seven with neighbors, but could not get up in time to head them off.

H. A. RICE,

Captain, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 293. Saint Louis, October 26, 1863.

* * * * *

VI. The Eighth Provisional Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, now at Camp Glover, near Rolla, Mo., will return, as soon as practicable, to Pilot Knob, Mo., preparatory to being discharged from active service.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

OLIVER D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, October 27, 1863.

Major General JOHN POPE:

Send Wisconsin battery of heavy artillery to Chattanooga, to report to Major General George H. Thomas.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

