
&amp;c., by Newtonia, Mount Vernon, and Springfield, instead of sending by Elkhorn. I shall write to General Brown, and anticipate opening communications in order to secure the regular passage of mail matter and dispatches via Neosho, Newtonia, and Springfield.

Have you heard anything of the rebel forces under Marmaduke? I have had scouting parties looking for him, with little effect, and have not yet been advised by General Schofield that he has gone town White River.

Please communicate through Major Foreman, at Neosho, any information concerning his or other forces in the State. In case of necessity, I am in supporting distance of you.

Respectfully,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade, Army of the Frontier.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, No. 22. Memphis, Tenn., January 22, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XV. In pursuance of orders from Headquarters of the Army, the major-general commanding assumes command of all troops in Arkansas which are or may be in reach of his orders, and that portion of Arkansas occupied by such troops is temporarily attached to the Department of the Tennessee.

2nd. The forces under command of Brigadier-General Gorman are assigned to the Thirteenth Army Corps, Major General J. A. McClernand commanding, and will report accordingly.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

[JOHN A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, January 23, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Memphis, Tenn.:

The prisoners are arriving here, and what to do with them is a difficult question. I have them now on Arsenal Island, without shelter. I am obliged to put them where a small guard will do, for I have sent everything down to help you in the down river matters. I telegraphed General Gorman, through you, at Memphis, on the 11th instant, to-

Continue to regard the Vicksburg movement of primary importance. Let all other moves delay, if deemed necessary. Lend boats and men for the object, but do not weaken Helena so as to endanger the position.

Now I receive orders extending your command over-

All troops in Arkansas which may be within reach of his orders. That portion of Arkansas occupied by such troops will be temporarily attached to the Department of the Tennessee.

You will please inform me, at your earliest convenience, what troops and what territory you will assume, as I must arrange my supervision of affairs [according] to your orders. I suppose you will include Helena in the enlargement of your command. If Holmes and Hindham mass all their forces this side of the Arkansas River, they may give me trouble,

