
before the people are sure of a permanent success, there is no probability of their joining our standard in any considerable numbers. I send Captain [Abraham H.] Ryan to Saint Louis on business for the Arkansas troops. He will be able to give you information in regard to matters here.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI,Pilot Knob, Mo., October 29, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I have the honor to communicate that the letters calling your attention to the disturbed state of affairs in Saint Francois, and Washington Counties, one written by John Evans and the other by his honor Samuel L. Breckenridge, and referred to me from department headquarters, have received due consideration. I trust that neither of those gentlemen is under the impression that I was not well advised of the unhappy state of affairs in many portions of Southeastern Missouri. I have been after the Hildebrandts unceasingly; have killed one of them and four others of the same gang. I have not force enough to garrison all the points named in their requests. Washington County is not all in my district. I would again recommend that all the territory between this and Saint Louis be put into this district.

There is much of iniquity in Saint Genevieve County that ought to be corrected, but I have no jurisdiction over that locality. Saint Genevieve is doing a large contraband trade with my swamp devils. I would be glad to see some one take hold of that matter with vigor, and stop it.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 30, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Any troops you can spare will be sent to General Sherman, at Eastport or Florence, on the Tennessee River.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., October 30, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following question in relation to the position of the invalid corps in this military department. It has been, and is still, necessary to keep some troops in this department, both to furnish military aid to the enrolling and drafting officers

