
that all the machinery, &amp;c., has been removed from Arkadelphia to Marshall, Tex. Recruiting is going on quite briskly. A company (94 strong) came in to-day from Perry County.

We hear nothing from Banks yet.

There was a Union meeting here to-day. Some of the most prominent citizens have committed themselves to our cause.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General.

FORT SMITH, ARK., October 31, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I have the honor to announce my arrival here last night. Seven companies of the Eighteenth Iowa Infantry and a section of Rabb's battery will arrive to-day. I sent Catherwood, with 500 cavalry, back from Ozark, via Fayetteville. I will assume command to-day, and proceed to make a more effective disposition of the force in this district by concentration. I will advise you, at an early date, of the effective strength of this force. I am satisfied it falls far short of the returns. We need a mustering officer and a strict and able inspector at once.

Fisher and Fuller, mail contractors, at Springfield, desire to establish a mail line from Springfield. Will you bring the subject before the Post-Office Department?

Cooper, with 5,000 men and sixteen guns, is reported advancing, and within 20 miles. I will take care of him; if he is not in a hurry, I will attack first. I think it is a feint to get Brooks' and other small commands across the river. Catherwood has instructions to attend to Brooks, and a detachment of the Third Wisconsin are also in pursuit of him.

Although we did not overtake Shelby, we kept him from extended pillage, punishing him severely, and drove him across the river at a point near Clarksville. We took about 75 prisoners, killed 20 or 30 of his men, including 1 captain, and captured a number of horses.

We have to mourn the death of Lieutenant [James G.] Robertson, of the First Arkansas Cavalry, who fell, mortally wounded, on the 26th, while bravely leading a charge against the rear guard of the enemy on Little Piney Creek. No further loss was sustained on our side.

I desire to express my thanks for the hearty and zealous co-operation of the officers and men of my command, and for the cheerfulness with which they endured the toils and privations of a long and arduous march.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., October 31, 1863.

General FISK, Commanding:

The district provost-marshal of the Thirteenth District of Illinois wants 25 men at once. The Copperheads are rioting and burning property over there. I will send them if you approve of doing so. Answer immediately.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

