
but I hope will close out Vicksburg before they can do much, and return to my command all the force necessary to clean out Arkansas.

With my best wishes for your success, I remain, general, very truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI], January 23, 1863.

General DAVIDSON, Alton, Mo.:

If Hindman has got in your front,you must hold on until you get more force. Warren seems almost immovable; have given him repeated orders to move forward. Arrest him for delay, if he does not obey your orders in this regard promptly. A telegraph repairer was captured on your line yesterday. I hope you will fall back, if troubled about supplies. I think our river expedition, after taking the Old Post, may go after Vicksburg you from help that way. In such an event, you must delay any great movement for a return of the Arkansas force to the Arkansas rivers. I expect further news from the rivers soon.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, Camp on White River, January 23, 1863-9 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. MARSH, Chief of Staff:

I have constructed here a wagon-boat and flat-boat. Have crossed already a battery, regiment of infantry, some cavalry, and some 100 wagons. Will, I think, have all my command over by to-morrow morning. I send a party to ascertain your whereabouts, in order that I may receive directions as to marching. I understand that in the neighborhood of Elkhorn forage is very scarce. I would also like to know what to do with the flat-boat we have built. If Colonel Huston wishes to use it, I of course, could leave it as it is;not, I would like to take with me the chain cable we are using. He is in our rear, and if he intends to use it, should a party forward to take possession. If we go down White River, the boat could be floated down and made serviceable in crossing after forage.

Yours, respectfully,WM. WEER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

HELENA, ARK., January 23, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have returned to Helena, bringing with me the books and papers belonging to the office of the military governor of this State. The army under General Gorman met with no resistance in going to Devall's Bluff and Des Arc, on the White River, but the heavy rains had rendered the roads in impracticable for the march of an army from the White River to Little Rock. General Gorman was

