
his sister grossly insulted. In September, 6 furlough soldiers, from the Eighth Missouri State Militia, were at Cole Camp, and murdered 3 citizens. Colonel J. F. Philips and Major Houts visited the place, but were unable to obtain any reliable information as to who were the guilty parties. Since my return from the raid, I have had secret agents in that country, in search of information, but with little better success. The people will not give information-one party unwilling and the other afraid to do so. A board of commissioned officers has been ordered to meet at Warsaw on the 9th instant, to examine formally the complaint of these and other outrages by troops and citizens. The parties who complain to the major-general commanding may be able to furnish the information required, and I hope they will do so to the board of officers.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, November 4, 1863.

Colonel T. L. CRAWFORD:

COLONEL: On the 19th ultimo a party of soldiers and citizens were engaged in plundering in Miller County, at Hickory Hill, and other points in the vicinity. Among the citizens robbed and whose property was outraged was William Wilson. John McKenzie, James McKenzie, John Henley, John Henley, jr., Bird Bass, William Music, and a butcher (name not known) were said to be with them. The butcher returned, leaving the scout, reporting that these (the scout) were not after bushwhackers, but were "after stealings." The witnesses, so far as I can learn, are William Bond (old man), Miss Harriet Jenkins, Mrs. and Miss Crisp. The last two recognized two men, Chick Wilson and John Pleasant McCubbin, in the party. These live near Tuscumbia. The scout is said to have been from Linn Creek. These will be proper subjects of inquiry for the board of officers, as there are reports that the soldiers in the party were from the First Nebraska Infantry Volunteers.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

FORT SMITH, ARK., November 4, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Colonel Cloud has just come in from pursuit of Cooper, and reports that he marched to attack the rebel army (4,000) under Steele and Cooper. Reached their camp and found it deserted, they having retreated the evening previous. He pursued, and captured a lieutenant and 7 men of Bankhead's command; also a small train and drove of cattle; also dispersed a guerrilla band off from the road. Found the rebel army gone toward Doaksville giving out the report that they were going to Red River, making the last rebel army to leave this valley. This will enable us to garrison Dardanelle with the recruits of the Second Arkansas Infantry, and to move a regiment to Waldron.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

