
SAINT LOUIS, MO.,

November 5, 1863-2 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Will you please inform me whether the War Department will issue any orders or regulations relative to the recruiting of colored troops in the border States? If not, I propose to establish such regulations for Missouri.*

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., November 5, 1863.

Major General FRED. STEELE,

Commanding Arkansas Expedition, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am reduced to 6,000 infantry on the line of Memphis and Charleston Railroad. Two attacks have been made on the road; one has been handsomely, repulsed; the other, at 3 this morning, burned a trestle, and how much more I do not know, at Saulsbury. If any portion of your infantry is coming, it is wanted now. I suppose you have received the orders to forward here all your disposable force. Since our troops have left, under Sherman, Mississippi is filling again with rebels.

I have sent with Sherman across the Tennessee 10,000 of my best men. I have no hesitation in saying to you that, as things are, there is serious danger to our depot of supplies here at Memphis.

Grant has ordered to Chattanooga Tuttle's division, from Vicksburg, and McPherson thinks himself too weak to threaten Canton and Jackson. This leaves their infantry (Loring's division and State levies) in condition to be moved, and the proper place for them to attack in undoubtedly Memphis.

Everything is tending to Chattanooga, where there will be no battle. As soon as our forces are concentrated there, they will hold them in the gap with a small comparative force and swing off to the right and left.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 130. Saint Louis, November 5, 1863.

I. Colonel William Myers, aide-de-camp and acting quartermaster, U. S. Army, is hereby announced as chief quartermaster of this department. During the absence of Brigadier-General Allen, U. S. Volunteers, and quartermaster, U. S. Army, from this department, Colonel Myers will have chief charge of the quartermaster's business in Saint Louis.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Further correspondence, orders, &amp;c., on this subject will appear in Series III.

---------------

