
enlisted in the militia of Northwestern Missouri who are said to have been disloyal.

On my visit to Kansas and Northwestern Missouri, during the troubles there in September last, I examined personally into the difficulties in Platte, Buchanan, and other western counties, and learned fully their nature and origin. I at once ordered the reorganization of the militia, which created so much commotion for a time, but which has restored that portion of the State to a condition of profound peace.

I have watched the progress of affairs there closely, and have kept myself fully advised of all the facts. It is true that about twice as many former rebels as were named by your informants are in the militia organization, amounting to from 5 to 10 per cent. of the whole. It is also true that a very much larger number of returned Missouri rebels have enlisted in the Kansas volunteers, and, so far as I know, are faithful, good soldiers.

The rule I established for the militia organization in Northwestern Missouri was that the officers should be of undoubted loyalty-original Union men-and that both officers and privates, as far as possible, should be men of wealth and respectability, whose all depended upon the preservation of peace.

The former sufferings of these men, from the lawlessness which has so long existed on the border, made them willing to do military duty to save from destruction or loss property they had left. I have yet to hear the first report of a murder, robbery, or arson in that whole region since this new organization was made. The late election was conducted in perfect peace and good order. There is not the slightest pretense from any source of any interference or other misconduct on the part of any of the troops. I have not deemed it necessary to be very particular about the antecedents of troops that are producing such good results. If I can make a repentant rebel of more service to the Government than a man who never had any political sins to repent of, I see no reason for not doing so. Indeed, I take no little satisfaction in making these men guard the property of their more loyal neighbors, and in holding their own property responsible for their fidelity.

I have the satisfaction of reporting to you that the late election in all parts of the State passed off in perfect quiet and good order. I have heard of no disturbance of any kind anywhere. The aggregate vote, I think, shows that the purity of the ballot-box was preserved in a remarkable degree. If the loyal people all voted, few or no rebels did.

The prospects of future peace in the State are highly encouraging.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 9, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I inclose a copy of a letter from General Steele, giving his views relative to the distribution of his troops for the defense of the line of the Arkansas. The number of points to be occupied seems large, yet I think not too large. I believe there is very little danger of attack by the enemy in force, and, if the enemy advance in force, Steele can concentrate in time to meet them. It will be necessary to occupy the Arkansas Valley between Little Rock and Fort Smith in pretty strong

