
be had taken, which is, indeed, very strong and specific. He also verbally assured me that he had constantly prayed in church for the President and Government, as he had always done before the present war. In looking over the recitals in your order, I do not see that this matter of the prayer, as he states it, is negatived, nor that any violation of his oath is charged, nor, in fact, that anything specific is alleged against him. The charges are all general; that he has a rebel wife and rebel relations; that he sympathizers with rebels, and that he exercises rebel influence. Now, after talking with him, I tell you frankly I believe he does sympathize with the rebels, but the question remains whether such a man, of unquestioned good moral character, who has taken such an oath as he has, and cannot even be charged with violating it, and who can be charged with no other specific act or omission, can, with safety to the Government, be exiled upon the suspicion of his secret sympathies. But I agree that this must be left to you, who are on the spot; and if, after all, you think the public good requires his removal, my suspension of the order is withdrawn, only with this qualification, that the time during the suspension is not to be counted against him. I have promised him this. But I must add that the United States Government must not, as by this order, undertake to run the churches. When an individual in a church or out of it becomes dangerous to the public interest he must be checked, but let the churches, as such, take care of themselves. It will not do for the United States to appoint trustees, supervisors, or other agents for the churches.

Yours, very truly,

A. LINCOLN.

P. S.-The committee, composed of Messrs. Yeatman, Filley (Mr. Broadhead not attending), has presented your letter and the memorial of sundry citizens. On the whole subject embraced exercise your best judgment, with a sole view to the public interest, and I will not interfere without hearing you.

A. LINCOLN.

JANUARY 3, 1863.

JANUARY 2, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Blunt reports that Colonel Phillips, Third Indian Regiment, whom he sent out with cavalry, drove Coffee, Stand Watie, and other forces over the Arkansas at Fort Gibson, destroying fortifications, barracks and commissary buildings, Fort Davis, and the buildings used for stores. The Indians, under McIntosh and Stand Watie, express a desire to surrender and return to their allegiance to our Government.

The destruction of boats, forts, and barracks must greatly incommode the enemy. We cannot easily obtain supplies for operations in Western Arkansas.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,]]

January 2, 1863.

General SCHOFIELD, Fayetteville, Ark.:

General Blunt will be allowed to choose. If he desires to come in, I wish him to report this way.

