
prevented (as he informs me) by orders from the commandant of the Department of the Missouri from advancing on Little Rock, by the way of Arkansas River.

I am, sir, with respect, your obedient servant,

AMOS. F. ENO,

Secretary pro tem., and Adjutant-General of Arkansas.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. STATE OF MO., ADJT. GEN'S OFFICE, No. 4. Saint Louis, January 23, 1863.

The following changes in the military districts of Missouri are hereby announced, for the information of all concerned:

1st. The Eighth and Ninth Districts, composed of the counties of Putnam, Schuykler, Scotland, Clarke, Sullivan, Adair, Knox, Lewis, Linn, Macon, Shelby, Marion, Randolph, Howard, Monroe, Ralls, Audrain, Pike, Boone, Callaway, Montgomery, Lincoln, Warren, and Saint Charles, are hereby united, and with the country of Chariton, heretofore belonging to the Sixth District, will hereafter form the Eighth Military District of Missouri, to be commanded by Brigadier General Thomas J. Bartholow; headquarters at Glasgow.

2nd. The Seventh Military District will hereafter be composed of the counties heretofore forming the district, namely: Atchison, Nodaway, Worth, Harrison, Mercer, Grundy, Livingston, Davies, Gentry, De Kalb, Andrew, Holt,and Buchanan,and of the following counties of the Sixth District: Carroll, Caldwell, Ray, Clinton, Clay,and Platte, and will be commanded by Brigadier General O. Guitar; headquarters at Saint Joseph.

3rd. The counties of Jackson, La Fayette,and Saline, heretofore belonging to the Sixth, are attached to the Fifth Military District; said district to be commanded by Brigadier General Richard C. Vaughan; headquarters Sedalia.

Commanding officers of regiments and battalions within the above districts will immediately report to their respective district commanders.

By order of the commander-in-chief:

WM. D. WOOD,

Acting Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., January 24, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK, Genera-in-Chief:

General Gorman telegraphs from Devall's Bluff, 18th instant, that, aided by three gunboats, he ascended White River to Devall's Bluff and Des Arc, taking about 150 prisoners, 2 columbiads, and about 200 small-arms. This,with the taking of Arkansas Post, is successfully carrying out plan arranged and concluded by us December 18.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI], January 24, 1863.

General SCHOFIELD, Camp on White River:

General Gorman, with gunboats, ascended White River to Des Arc, reporting to me on the 18th, from Devall's Bluff, where he took siege-guns

