
I designated the Third Missouri Cavalry to take station at Jacksonport, and have been waiting for them to be paid. Baxter and Padgett, two fugitives from Independence County, are going with them, and each expects to raise a regiment for the United States service.

Fishback appears to be getting along very well with his regiment. I have heard of Brigadier-General McRae and [Colonel] Shaver at Jacksonport and on Crowley's Ridge. Their force has been estimated as high as 800. I do not believe they have half that number. One of our spies (Holland) reports six companies between Clarendon and Helena, mostly guerrillas. I have ordered out our cavalry at Devall's Bluff in pursuit of them, with orders to inform the inhabitants that their country will be devastated if they allow these guerrillas to operate in it. Captain [J. B.] Wheeler, engineer, has laid out and commenced a square redoubt, which will command the city and the principal approaches. This, with batteries on the opposite side of the river, would render it untenable by an enemy. To defend the city by a chain of fortifications would require extensive works and a large force. As soon as the water rises, the line of the Arkansas can be defended by a smaller force than that which I am now employing. Saline River will be a barrier to the rebels on the south, and the "tin-clads" can keep the Lower Arkansas clear.

Am I in two departments?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO.,

November 10, 1863-1 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Letter from General Steele, dated October 28, says the enemy was then pressing him at all points, and he could send no troops to Memphis. Another, dated October 31, says Marmaduke had been repulsed, and Steele's troops were pursuing. They had taken Arkadelphia. On the 7th instant I again urged General Steele to hurry forward troops to General Hurlbut, if possible.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 10, 1863.

The PRESIDENT, Washington, D. C.:

The Legislature meets at Jefferson City to-day. The recent election was not for members of the Legislature, except, perhaps, to fill a few vacancies. I have no authority to grant leaves of absence to officers, except in case of sickness. The orders of the War Department expressly forbid it. I have informed members of the Legislature, who are in the military service, that I will accept their resignations to enable them to attend the session of the Legislature. There are but few of them, and they are about equally divided between radicals and conservatives. If authorized to do so, I would grant them leaves of absence long enough to elect Senators; but I would not think it proper for them to be absent all winter, and still retain their commissions in the army.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

