HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 10, 1863.

Colonel Catherwood, commanding Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, will move three companies of his command, to consist of not less than 100 men, under competent officers, on a scout through Ozark or Taney Counties into Arkansas, and through Marion or Carroll Counties, as far as Yellville, if practicable, and as much farther south, not beyond the Boston Mountains, as the commanding officer shall deem it advantageous to go.

The object of this movement is to afford a feeling of greater security to the Union citizens; to arrest or drive off any bands of guerrillas in that section of the country; to ascertain the enemy's strength and intentions, as far as possible; to destroy any supplies he may have in that region, capture his horses and transportation, and to drive all rebels south of the Boston Mountains, if possible. General Holland will be in the vicinity with quite a force. Ten days' rations will be taken. No transportation will be taken below Forsyth.

If, while advancing, the commanding officer ascertains that any considerable force of the enemy are passing to his rear, he will immediately follow them, or move so as to strike their flanks or front.

It is desirable that this force should make the scout in ten or twelve days. The force now at Ozark may go as far as Forsyth, and escort back the teams taken there with rations. A small force should be left at Forsyth and Ozark, through which to communicate to headquarters, if necessary. Fifty rounds of ammunition will be taken.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., November 10, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 3rd instant was received on the evening of the 6th. I have been nearly unfit for business from an attack of chills and fever, or I would have at once acknowledged its receipt, and indicated my opinion on the question you propose. I have felt great solicitude on the subject, and, immediately on my return from the pursuit of Shelby, addressed letters to the commanders of stations in the border counties, to elicit their information and opinion on the question.

I find among refugees of doubtful loyalty a desire to go back to their farms, however remote from the stations; while among those of pronounced loyalty there is a determination to stay at or near the stations. At Hickman Mills, Harrisonville, and Pleasant Hill from one-sixth to one-eighth of the men want to go to their homes, and nearly all the women; while at Independence, where the refugees are nearly all of very doubtful loyalty, almost all wish to return. The refugees at Westport are chiefly from west of the Big Blue, and those I have let go back some days ago.

I would suggest the following conditions:

First. None to return to homes in the timber except where near to stations.

