
BLOOMFIELD, MO., November 10, 1863.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,

Commanding Post, Cape Girardeau:

I arrived at this post with my command, having found no enemy in Dunklin County. The county is full of horse-thieves. We shot one and captured horses belonging to others. I will move to Charleston to-day. The Bolands must be in that part of the county. I would have crossed the Plank road, but it was impassable.

H. C. GENTRY,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 11, 1863.

Major KING,

Commanding Arkansas Expedition:

MAJOR: Since you left, I received a dispatch from Colonel Harrison to the effect that he met Brook's force, on the 9th instant, 11 miles east of Huntsville, and had a skirmish with them, and that Brooks was falling back. I think, therefore, that the rebel force is farther west than I supposed it was when you left here, and you should not go so far east as was at first designed, but cross the river at or near Forsyth, and then bear toward Carrollton, unless you get information that induces you to take some other course.

You should communicate to General Holland, if possible, the course and route you have taken. You can send the same orderlies or escort that carry this through to find him if you see fit. They will not follow him, however, below the State line.

Use all diligence to prevent any considerable force of the enemy from passing to your rear.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, November 12, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

The telegraph line is completed to Fort Smith. All matters are progressing favorably in that district. General McNeil reports favorable progress of negotiations with hostile Indians, and suggests that full powers be given to settle the terms of their submission. I have instructed General McNeil to offer no terms for the present but unconditional surrender. I write you on the subject to-day.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 12, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: As I informed you by telegraph this morning, the hostile Indians in Southwestern Arkansas and the Indian country are manifesting a strong disposition to treat with the Government, and General

