
Carthage, two companies of cavalry; Greenfield, one company of cavalry; Lamar, two companies of cavalry; Stockton, two companies of cavalry; Bolivar, one company of cavalry; Buffalo, one company of cavalry; Lebanon, four companies of cavalry; Gasconade, one company of cavalry; Worden's Station, one company of cavalry; Huntsville, two companies of cavalry; Marshfield, one company of cavalry; Vera Cruz, one company of cavalry; Ozark, one company of cavalry, and Springfield, sixteenth companies of cavalry, for operating in the field and garrisoning two or three minor posts on the telegraph line.

The above force, properly organized and mounted, should and would maintain the authority of the Government fully in this district, and,m thus disposed, would be supplied very largely from the country. I am not advised whether the southern line could now be supplied with such articles as the country would not afford by river transportation to Buffalo Landing, on the White River. This certainly cloud be done in high water.

This disposition of troops is absolutely necessary to induce a feeling of security on the part of the people to such an extent as to cause them to remain at home and engage in the ordinary peaceable pursuits. The effect of withdrawing, even temporarily, the small garrisons at the several county seats is very injurious to the country about. Many of the old settlers and Union men at once leave the section of country, and are slow to return.

The present force nominally in this district is as follows, viz: First Arkansas Cavalry, twelve companies; Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, twelve companies; Eighth Missouri State Militia, twelve companies; Second Arkansas Cavalry, eight companies; Sixth Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, ten companies; Seventh Provisional Enrolled Missouri Militia, twelve companies; Eleventh Missouri Volunteers, four companies; First Arkansas Battery, six guns, and two sections of artillery in charge of Sixth Missouri State Militia, four guns.

Hence it appears that the force in the district is nominally nearly sufficient, and, with the Second Arkansas fully organized, fully sufficient to fill my estimate of forces required. But the troops are for some reason in a broken-up and bad condition. Nearly one whole battalion of the Sixth Missouri State Militia are not mounted, and will have to go home to get horses. A small portion of the Second Arkansas is mounted and armed.

The State troops are very deficient is saddles, bridles, &amp;c. Colonel Harrison has made a requisition for 545 horses to supply his command, &c. The Eleventh Missouri Volunteers report for duty 144 men and 96 horses only. Hence it will be seen that while the force in the district is nominally sufficient to garrison and protect the country upon my estimate of force, it is in fact very inadequate for that purpose. Still, there is the material to make the force out of, and I think by energetic effort that this whole force may be made efficient at an early day. It seems to me now that we must have nearly 1,000 more horses than are yet ordered to accomplish this end. The artillery force is sufficient when properly drilled and equipped. I am making, and shall continue to make, every effort to hold all the territory of the district from rebels by scouts, &c., until the forces are in shape and assigned to posts. There is but little disturbance in that, portion of the district lying in Missouri, but quite large bodies of rebels north of the Boston Mountains, in Arkansas, roam about the country little disturbed. I have issued most stringent orders, and am trying to enforce them, in regard to drill and discipline and the better care of the animals in the public employ.

