
It is not worth the while to send your order to me before publication.

I regret very much your sickness; it is not surprising since your severe campaign.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., November 14, 1863.

Major General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your letter was received last night. I have ordered two regiments of True's brigade to proceed to Memphis at once by rail and steam. I have been ordered from headquarters Department of the Missouri to hold the line of the Arkansas, to send a regiment of cavalry to Jacksonport, and to send you such troops as I could spare. I am not willing to spare any more and stay here myself under present circumstances. General Davidson informs me that he met re-enforcements from Vicksburg going to Memphis, after your letter was written; and that he presumes they will supersede the necessity of re-enforcements from here. I could not send the whole of True's brigade, because it was scattered. One regiment is retained as guard to the railroad depot, on the north side of the river, and one is at Lewisburg. I have five infantry posts besides this, with a regiment or more at each. General, I regret that I cannot do as well by you as you have by me; but "time sets all things even."

Very truly, yours,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 311. Saint Louis, November 14, 1863.

* * * *

XIV. The commanders of the District of Northern and Central Missouri will cause the provisional regiments on duty in their districts to be relieved from duty as soon as they can do so without leaving exposed points or districts of country unprotected. The regiments when relieved will be concentrated at convenient points and will urn over all public property in their possession to the proper staff officers designated by the district commanders to receive them, after which they will be mustered out of service.

The organization of these regiments will be preserved, and their arms and equipments will be kept in store at convenient central points, where the regiments may most readily be concentrated whenever their services may be required.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

OLIVER D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, M ADJT. GEN'S OFFICE, Numbers 506. Washington, November 14, 1863.

* * * *

V. Brigadier General Stephen Miller, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned

