
while you operate in Texas. I am anxious to advance his force to Red River as soon as practicable. This will no doubt strengthen you and aid you to carry out your plans.

I respectfully request, general, that you will communicate with General Steele, and inform him of your operations and plans for the future so far as will enable him to co-operate with you. I will direct General Steele to communicate with you and to act in concert with you as far as practicable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Bryan, November 19, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN B. SANBORN,

Commanding Southwestern District, Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: In my last communication I stated that I would proceed by way of White River, having sent my advance by way of Talbot's Mill. I learned that Colonels Freeman and Crandall, with their ---- and other rebels forces, had been sent to assist Colonel Love, whom we had routed. Their force is at least 800, and perhaps 1,000; they purpose a raid into Missouri by way of Hartville. I sent a scout near their camp yesterday, and learned they expected me to attack them at a place of their own selection, which I decline to do. I am moving on their flank, hoping to draw them out. Almost half of our horses are pretty well used up. I am compelled to abandon the pursuit of the enemy. I have only 330 serviceable horses in my command able to pursue. Encumbered with wagons, I will have to move slowly. Will advise you of their movements. Suggest that Marshfield and Lebanon be made sufficiently strong, as they may move very rapidly.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. HOLLAND,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Enrolled Missouri Militia.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE 							NORTHWEST,

Numbers 43. Milwaukee, Wis., November 19, 1863.

Colonel C. A. Morgan, aide-de-camp, is assigned to duty as inspector-general of this department. An assistant inspector will be appointed for each military district.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., November 20, 1863.

General STEPHEN A. HURLBUT, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The General-in-Chief intimates that General Steele having failed to send you re-enforcements when first called for, they cannot now probably reach you in time to do any good. he also directs General Steele to advance to Red River and co-operate with General

