
Banks, if it is no longer necessary to send re-enforcements to you. I desire very much to have General Steele carry out these directions, and have written him to this effect. Whether he can do so, will depend upon your necessities. Will you please inform General Steele whether it is still necessary for him to send you troops, that he may determine, as soon as possible, whether he can advance into Texas or not.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., November 20, 1863.

Major General FRED. STEELE:

GENERAL: I inclose you a copy of a letter received yesterday from General Halleck,* and a copy of one I have sent to General Banks.+

I think it important for you to open direct communication with General Banks, so as, if possible, to co-operate with him. If his movements are such as indicated by General Halleck, and if he can send you supplies up Red River, when you have advanced that far, I see nothing to prevent your occupying that river with your present force. I have heard nothing from General Hurlbut recently, and hope his necessity for re-enforcements is past. I will write him on the subject, and ask him to inform you. I intend in a short time to send a regiment or two of cavalry into the northern part of Arkansas to clear out the guerrillas and enable the loyal people to organize. When this is accomplished they can move forward and join you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., November 20, 1863-8.45 p. m.

Colonel LIVINGSTON, Commanding District, Saint Louis:

COLONEL: You will please send 150 infantry by rail to Springfield, Ill., as soon as possible. The officers in command will report to Brigadier-General Ammen, commanding District of Illinois.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

P. S.-Inform General Ammen, by telegraph, when the troops start. Also inform me, as soon as you get a train and make other arrangements, at what time the troops will be able to start.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., November 20, 1863.

General FISK, Commanding:

I forgot to report that my men killed a notorious bushwhacker named Lacy, in Dunklin, while out on their last scout, besides taking Grisson, Walters, and others.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 709.

+See p. 710.

---------------

