
Each company will consist of not less than 30 men, living within convenient distances of the place of rendezvous, and arms, clothing, and rations will be issued to them. They will be received by the proper authorities as militia of the State in active service. The general commanding attempts this early settlement of the depopulated district at the urgent solicitation of many loyal men, who are now willing to try to live again at their homes. He will aid them to the utmost with the troops under his command, and assure them that no rebel families will be allowed to return to entice back and support the guerrillas. But, after all, the question whether the guerrillas can come back to resume their ravages depends much upon the action of the loyal inhabitants themselves. They must return to their farms, not as non-combatants, but thoroughly armed and organized in each neighborhood. it is chiefly by such neighborhood organization that they can hope to save themselves and their property, keep out the guerrillas, and insure a permanent and prosperous resettlement of the border.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

The conditions on which the foregoing permit and safeguard is granted, are-

1. That the said ---- ---- (and each and every member of his family) will at all times give every possible aid and information to persons in the service of the Government of the United States, to enable them to find and destroy rebels and guerrillas, and to detect all persons engaged in disloyal acts or practices.

2. That the said ---- ---- (and each and every member of his family) will at all times withhold aid and assistance of every kind from rebels, guerrillas, or other enemies of the Government of the United States.

Signed at ----, this ---- day of ----, 186-.

----

-----

,

Commanding Station.

CAMP NEAR FORT SMITH, ARK.,

November 24, 1863.

General SCHOFIELD,

Commanding District of the Missouri:

SIR: This evening a train left this post for Fort Scott. The teams were used in bringing sutlers' goods to this place; they are now loaded with cotton. Yesterday 50 Government teams brought into Fort Smith 150 bales, escorted by a portion of the Twelfth Kansas Volunteers. The train now on transit to Fort scott consists of about 100 two and four horse and mule teams, and mostly loaded with cotton. From what I can learn, a portion of the same has been purchased at a very small price, and the balance captured; and, from all appearances, I should think some one high in military rank was engaged in he operation.

I am, general, yours, most respectfully,

W. T. CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixth Reg. Kansas Vol. Cavalry.

General EWING:

DEAR SIR: You can forward this, if you think necessary.

W. T. CAMPBELL.

