
they are concentrated they will attack the forces at Jacksonport, and then make a raid into Missouri. His men are very much averse to going south, and may force him to remain north of the Arkansas River; yet I believe that he will attempt to take them south by way of Arkansas Post. I have since learned that he had 250 men with him at the time I met him below Searcy. He had crossed at this place on Monday morning, the day I left the Rock, with the intention of making a night attack upon Austin.

I find Mr. Baxter a worthy, intelligent gentleman, but the squad of recruits a most complete nuisance, destitute of the faintest conception of correct principles, and if this is the class of men to be enlisted in Arkansas, I think that the sooner recruits can be stopped the better, as they will inure the Government more than they can possibly benefit it. The only way to make soldiers of them, in my opinion, would be to scatter them through other commands of disciplined troops. The company that Captain Berry reported as being organized above Batesville for the Union army was for McRae, and is now with him, and as yet but 8 additional men have joined Berry's company. The idea of the Union men of this section being able to sustain themselves may at once be abandoned. Many citizens are coming in to exhibit their papers. There seems to have been great profligacy in taking the oath at Memphis. Union men and rebels are alike abundantly supplied with goods from Memphis. McRae procures ammunition from some quarter, I have not yet learned where. I am satisfied that there is a great deal f smuggling, and a general system of double-dealing among the citizens.

Corn is plenty; wheat scarce; cattle plenty. A boat is very much needed here, and cannot long be dispensed with, as the forage is mostly on the south side of the river, and the crossing difficult. I shall do all that can be done with the number of men of my command; yet two more regiments could be profitably employed here for a short time. You will please send me, as soon as possible, 50,000 rounds Sharps' cavalry carbines, caliber .52; 50,000 rounds Colt's cavalry revolvers, caliber .38, and 20,000 rounds Colt's cavalry revolvers, caliber .44.

I have no intelligence from forces coming from Missouri or of a boat from down the river.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

T. G. BLACK,

Lieutenant Colonel Third Mo. Vol. Cav., Commanding Post, Jacksonport, Ark.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 27, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The question in regard to resignations cannot be decided till the Secretary of War returns. General Hurlbut thinks that Smith, at Columbus, Ky., needs re-enforcements. Can you not help him temporarily?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., November 27, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Commanding Department:

The force, under Love and Freeman, that came into the State in Oregon County, have retired and gone south of the White River, from

