
best information. All guerrilla bands that I hear of have been moving rapidly south of the last few days; 28 guerrillas are officially reported to have been killed by the force here since my last report.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PATTERSON, MO., November 27, 1863.

General FISK:

Two men here from Arkansas, Lawrence County, near Smithville. They report that they crossed Current River below Black Skull, and that they saw or heard of no enemy. They further report when they left Smithville that they were looking for troops up from Batesville under Colonel Baxter (Federal troops); that their impression was that we had troops at Jacksonport and Batesville also. I think these are not bad men. You can take the report for what it is worth. I have about come to the conclusion that there is not much truth in any of the reports we hear.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain, Commanding Outpost.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI,Pilot Knob, Mo., November 27, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis:

Conflicting reports reach me relative to the movements of rebels on the border; one party reports that McRae is now moving toward the Mississippi River, in the direction of Osceola, and that Jo. Shelby is at Batesville, preparing for a big raid in Missouri; another party, from Lawrence County, Arkansas, reports McRae as stationery near Pocahontas, and that his information was that a Federal scout from Little Rock, under one Colonel Baxter, was in the neighborhood of Batesville, six days ago. My troops are moving in two detachments from Greenville, one in the direction of Doniphan and the other toward Bloomfield. I hope for definite information soon. Have you a Colonel Baxter in Arkansas?

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., November 27, 1863.

General FISK:

I have positive information that McRae's force has not moved at all. Patterson had moved to make junction with McRae below Jacksonport. Williams with a guerrilla force of 100 men, moved up toward Doniphan. I had planned a campaign, and was to start Monday; had your permission. I had him located to a dot and would have given him "Hail Columbia."

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.

