HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI,Pilot Knob, November 27, 1863.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS, Cape Girardeau:

I have ordered Major Robbins to move to-morrow morning from Greenville, in the direction of Bloomfield; but upon receiving information that would lead him to the conclusion that there was no rebel force of account at Doniphan, or threatening Bloomfield, then to change direction for Cape Girardeau, and report to you at the earliest practicable hour. Rumors from the border are very conflicting. I have sent Major Montgomery direct to Doniphan in search of the enemy.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., November 27, 1863.

General FISK:

What is the right course to take with these rebels who are coming in to surrender? Some who were in the old State Guard, but have never taken the oath as required; others just returned. What rule do you adopt?

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI,Pilot Knob, Mo., November 27, 1863.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS, Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

When the returning rebels voluntarily surrender themselves, and give men good evidence that, "with hearty repentance and true faith," they mean henceforth to be loyal, I allow them to take the oath of allegiance, and give good bonds for their future fidelity to their Government. I get all their neighbors on the bond that I can. All who have been in arms at all should be required to take the oath. Some of these repentant rebels may reside in sections where it is difficult for them to remain at home without doing some rebellions act, and then they are liable to be pressed into a rebel raid. Such persons should be required to reside in another State, for a probationary period, or confined to limits of certain towns or counties. Go in for the sure and swift extermination of all who are found robbing, burning, or bushwhacking; encourage every man to do right who gives you evidence that he is honest in his declared intentions.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

PATTERSON, MO., November 27, 1863.

Brigadier-General FISK:

I would like to go toward Doniphan, leaving one company here, and personally see whether the Confederacy, is coming up or not. I can go without wagons, with cooked rations, and find out all there is to be found out. Shall I go?

SAML. MONTGOMERY,

Major.

