
SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General SMITH,

Columbus, Ky., via Cairo:

I have ordered Colonel Harding at New Madrid to send you re-enforcements. He may require your aid in procuring transportation.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 28, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

I have ordered about 400 men to be sent from New Madrid to Columbus, Ky.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, November 28, 1863.

Major OLIVER D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

MAJOR: I have the honor to represent, for the information of the major-general commanding, that on or about the 13th instant a detachment of troops, supposed to belong to the Sixth Kansas, commanded by a Captain (or Lieutenant) [John W.] Duff, entered Johnson and Henry Counties, and robbed and plundered indiscriminately almost every citizen in their line of march. Lieutenant-Colonel Lazear, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding the Central District, of which Johnson and Henry Counties are a part, has been directed to ascertain and forward definite information with regard to names of commanding officers and of all irregularities committed by them, which will be forwarded to department headquarters as soon as received.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. HALL,

Colonel Fourth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding.

HUMBOLDT, KANS., November 28, 1863.

General THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Commanding District of the Border, Kansas City, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: Information has reached this place, which we deem to be of the most reliable character, that Stand Watie, is contemplating and making active arrangements for a raid up the Neosho Valley between now and Christmas. This information comes from a Mr. Van Greenway, a deserter from the rebel lines, and a gentleman well known to a number of our citizens as a man of veracity. Greenway states that Stand Watie at the time he left (the first part of November) was encamped on the North Fork of the Canadian, about 45 miles in a southwesterly direction from Fort Gibson. His force consisted of about 3,000 men, and Greenway reports that forage is plenty with them, and that, encouraged by the success of Quantrill's raid, they are fitting up and organizing a force of from 500 to 1,000 men, and intend to strike the Neosho Valley somewhere near the Catholic Mission (25 miles below here), and thence proceed up the river probably as far as Emporia, then, turning

