
back in a southwesterly direction, be able to reach their starting point without meeting with any serious opposition. The above seems to be further confirmed by a contraband, who escaped from the rebel camp and arrived here a few days since. He reports that they are fitting up their best horses preparatory to a raid into Kansas. A Dr. Lyle, who had lately moved up from the southern border of Kansas, states that Cy. Gordon, while taking dinner at his house a few weeks since, stated in his hearing that he, in the disguise of a Federal captain, had been through the whole country, and that he intended to make it a visit before long.

The above information, taken together, seems to warrant the belief and induce the fear among the people that we are about to be invaded. But at the same time the people feel and say that if they can only have a little notice from the military authorities, that they are ready to turn out and aid them in repelling the invader. But what they most fear is a surprise. If the enemy make a raid, as anticipated, they will probably strike the Arkansas River some distance above the mouth of the Verdigris, thence across the divide to some point on the Neosho between the Missouri and Humboldt. They do, probably, intend to make it before the Osages return from their hunt, which is usually about the 1st of January.

The foregoing information we have given to Captain [Jay] Thompson, in command at this place, and who politely transmits this communication by his messenger.

Hoping that the above and foregoing information may be beneficial to the public service, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

JONATHAN C. BURNETT,

Register United States Land Office, Humboldt, Kans.

HUMBOLDT, KANS., November 28, 1863.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR:

DEAR SIR: A messenger from the Mission arrived here yesterday (Friday) at 4 a. m., with the cheerful information to the effect that Stand Watie was in vicinity of the Mission with 150 men, and that 9 or 10 of his scouts had entered the Mission and captured 1 of the sergeant's men. This man, however, was subsequently recaptured, and during the me lee they heard one rebel exclaim, "O, my God, I am shot; I am shot." At the same time he dropped him gun and hat. Immediately upon receiving the dispatch, I send Lieutenant [John G.] Lindsay with his company to the Mission, with instructions to go with all possible speed, which he did, arriving there by 12 m., finding everything quiet. Lieutenant Lindsay reports that he sent out scouting parties, with Indians for guides, but found nothing of the reported force; hence I think this was simply a scout under one of the Mathews, in search of plunder, &amp;c.

A man by the name of Jackson came in to-night from Ohio Centre, who has seen Stand Watie's adjutant at Ohio Centre. This adjutant deserted the rebels and reported to Colonel [John] Ritchie, and then came north with an Indian train, which arrived here last Sunday. He (adjutant) says Stand Watie is fitting an expedition to come up and strike the Mission first, and make the Neosho Valley desolate as far as Le Roy, and then go down the Verdigris River. As for the truth of this, I cannot vouch, of course, but the citizens here say jackson is reliable, and this adjutant (his name I have forgotten) is a cousin of Bill Morrell. Colonel Thurston says you know him (Morrell); also a relation of Scott, of Scott's Mill notoriety.

