
I have built a good corral, and have instructed my sergeant to draw 70 horses, as I must have my men here mounted. Can easily take care of the balance till my company comes. Also have written to Captain Insley, inclosing a receipt for three of his teams. Cannot begin to do the work with one team, as all the forge consumed at the Mission from this out will have to be hauled from here. Also, if I remain here, want to get my forage in camp before the roads get bad. Captain Insley told Colonel Thurston that he would give me two or three teams; hence I keep my worn-out mules here, and expect my rations to come up with those wagons of Captain Insley.

Those Indians at the Mission are very indifferent as to whether they fight or not. I think it advisable to have them organized, and as soon as possible, as they think the authorities are going to turn cold shoulder on them. A half-breed told me yesterday that the whole tribe was on the Verdigris, en route home; but would remain until their ponies recruited up before coming any farther, so well shall not have them for a month yet.

My health improves daily. Apologies for such long letter.

Yours, very respectfully,

JAY THOMPSON.

P. S.-If practicable, please send Lieutenant Kizer, with his company, and relieve Lindsay, and you will oblige many soldiers and citizens.

PATTERSON, MO., November 29, 1863.

General FISK:

I am informed by a reliable man from Doniphan that a detachment of 300 rebels was attacked by Arkansas Home Guards and deserters. The rebels were defeated, with a loss of 150 killed, wounded, nd prisoners. The commanding officer of the rebels defeated sent to Reves for re-enforcements. Reves, in his effort to do so, was attacked by the Arkansas militia and deserters, and was routed, with a loss of 18 killed and several wounded. If this report be true, it was the trail of the Arkansas militia and deserters that Captain Johns discovered, and which he supposed to be the enemy.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Benton, Ark., November 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Little Rock:

Dr. Rice, a refugee in our lines for two months, who lives at Rockport, left here yesterday and went to Rockport. He returned this morning, and reports 400 rebels, under Parsons, in camp 4 miles beyond Rockport-the same force that was at Princeton a few days since. He also reports Marmaduke, Cabell, and Shelby, with all their forces, at Arkadelphia, where they arrived within a day or two. He also reports Price at Camden, mounting all the men he can get horses or mules for. The people at Rockport think the enemy will move north. I sent out a forage train this morning on the Hot Springs road with 250 men as escort. The above statements is corroborated by other parties.

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

