
Necessary supplies which cannot be obtained in the country will be drawn from Devall's Bluff or other more convenient depot. If it be found impracticable to draw supplies from any depot, the rations will be reduced to such as can be obtained in the country.

You will communicate with Major-General Steele, or other officer who may be in command at Little Rock, so as to keep him advised of everything of public interest and receive his co-operation in case of necessity.

You will make frequent detailed reports of all your operations to these headquarters.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 327. Saint Louis, Mo., November 30, 1863.

I. The District of Southeastern Missouri is united to and will hereafter form part of the District of Saint Louis. Brigadier General Clinton B. fisk will relieve Colonel R. R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry, in command of the District of Saint Louis.

II. Colonel R. R. Livingston is assigned to the command of the District of Northeastern Arkansas, with headquarters at Batesville. The limits of this district will for the present be left undefined. It will embrace all of Northeastern Arkansas not occupied by the troops under command of Major-General Steele.

The First Nebraska Cavalry, the battalion of the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry now at Rolla,and one section of Battery D, Second Missouri Artillery, are assigned to Colonel Livingston's command. With these troops, Colonel Livingston will march from Rolla as soon as practicable, and proceed to carry out instructions furnished him herewith.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

OLIVER D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SAINT LOUIS,

Numbers 47. Saint Louis, Mo., November 30, 1863.

The undersigned, having been ordered to assume a command in the field, relinquishes the district to Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk.

In parting from my comrades, I deem it my duty to state that, during my ministration of affairs in this district, the officers and men of the command performed their respective duties in a most energetic and praiseworthy manner, and I tender them my warmest thanks for their hearty co-operations.

To the staff officers of the district I am indebted for the zeal, ability, and fidelity with which they discharged the duties of their respective departments.

For the faithful discharge of every duty assigned them, and the soldierly conduct of the Enrolled Militia of the district, who were called out upon an emergency, and who responded promptly, though at a sacrifice of great personal interests, the officers and men thereof have my heartiest thanks.

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry.

