
You will report to him two sections of your artillery and one-half of your effective cavalry force, ready to move to his support at a moment's notice, and upon orders from him direct to you. I will send through an ammunition train to-day with a large escort, which will be ordered to remain at Fayetteville until orders from you, until your force returns, if it should be ordered away by General McNeil (viz, the force ordered to be held in readiness to march). If there is immediate need of strengthening Fayetteville, you will communicate it, and I will order force from Cassville at once.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PATTERSON, MO., December 3, 1863.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK:

All is quiet below. I can hear of no force whatever, except what was at Bloomfield. I have heard of a small bunch or two of guerrillas. My men are after them. I will keep them hot. Nothing from Montgomery.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, December 3, 1863.

Major General JOHN POPE, Milwaukee:

Please report whether the site for a military post on Red River has been determined on, and whether any steps have been taken for its construction.

H. W. HALLECK.

MILWAUKEE, December 3, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK:

It has been determined to establish the post at Devil's Lake, but it cannot be done till spring. Hatch's battalion of cavalry winters near Pembina. Abercrombie will be moved northwest to James River in spring. Appropriations for posts on that frontier unnecessary; troops can build for themselves temporary barracks. Full details by mail.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., December 4, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I sent a telegram yesterday in reply to yours of same date asking if a site for the military pst on the Red River of the North, for which an appropriation has been made, had been selected, and if any steps had been taken for its construction. That you may understand my purposes fully, I submit respectfully the following statement:

The campaign of this summer has pushed the Sioux Indians far beyond the Red River Valley, and all of the tribes north and eat of the Missouri River, after their severe punishment, are suing for peace. It is my purpose early in the spring to establish a post on Devil's Lake,

