
you and the forces that participated, but in conformity with plans other forces were engaged in carrying out.

I suppose the primary matter of taking Vicksburg will dafter further movements in Arkansas, but I hope you may be successful in the further progress of your arms. The Vicksburg matter must now be approached with caution. After a full knowledge of difficulties, and the best way to surmount them, it may be necessary to delay until you can combine your efforts with General Banks'. It is a matter of vast interest and great anxiety throughout the whole country.

I am, general, very truly, your friend and obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

CAMP, Cross Timbers, Mo., January 24, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS:

We have crossed White River at last - the First Division on flat-boats and the Second on a bridge. Will be at Keytesville and Cassville to-morrow. I will wait there for further information or orders from you, and form preparation for a forward movements. I believe Hindman has crossed the river at Little Rock. If our troops have that place, and intend to hold it, I can start from Keytesville in a few days with supplies enough to carry me to Little Rock. If there is doubt about our troops being or remaining there, perhaps I had better go to Batesville, from which point I can operate with the river forces, and still draw my supplies from Rolla, if necessary. The Third Division is a Forsyth, and Colonel Cloud's brigade, of the First Division, was in pursuit of Marmaduke, east of Springfield, several days ago. I have not heard from him since. I can get my command together sooner on the Batesville line than on this, and reach Little Rock about as soon.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

FAYETTEVILLE, January 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel T. A. SWITZLER:

Governor Phelps says General Curtis thinks no militia should be can rolled. No arms can now be had. Thinks I had better call all I can into the United States service for three years.

There is already a very large list of names, and will be a great Union meeting here on Tuesday. I will do all I can to promote enlistments.

Ask the general to let me use the six hundred stand of arms for some companies here, not allowing them to be taken away; and don't stop urging the militia organization with General Schofield and at Saint Louis. We can, and must,hold this country.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, ARMY OF THE FRONTIER, Forsyth, Mo., January 25, 1863.

Colonel C. W. MARSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that we are succeeding very well in crossing the river, and will have everything over by to-morrow

