HDQRS. SEVENTH SUB-DIST., CENTRAL DIST. OF MISSOURI,Clinton, Mo., December 9, 1863.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Central Missouri:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 237, dated Headquarters District of Central Missouri, December 4, 1863, I arrived at this place yesterday,and have assumed command of all troops serving in the sub-district. I have ordered all troops from Kansas found in the district, unless with undoubted authority, to be arrested and sent to these headquarters for investigation as to their authority for being here. I will, as early as possible, report all the facts connected with the depredations committed by Kansas troops.

Very respectfully,

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant Colonel First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding.

PATTERSON, MO., December 9, 1863.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Nothing new. My men have got in again; they killed a very bad jayhawker and a deserter from the United States Army. This is three in the last two days, and we are still after them, and will get more of them to-day or to-morrow, I think.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain.

PATTERSON, MO., December 9, 1863.

General FISK:

I have information, I think reliable, that Reves' old company have returned from Price. This gives him about 56 more. He sent up two of his men yesterday to ascertain my strength. I have sent after them. This will give Reves and Cunningham about 150 men, and Crandall 400, making in all about 550. I have for duty, when all together, about 150 men. I can whip them if they come, unless I have too many of my men south.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain.

PATTERSON, MO., December 9, 1863.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK,

Commanding Saint Louis District:

SIR: Since I have been down here, a gang of guerrillas have been most of the time on Big Creek, some 15 miles above here. We killed one shortly after we came here. I have had men after them now for several days. On yesterday they came up with three of them, on Black River, in the lower part of Reynolds County. They killed two of them and wounded the third one, but the wounded man got away from them. I had six men out. There are only two of the gang left. I have men after them, and I think they will get them also. I have then a few more to gobble up. The late expedition below did not amount to much. I do not see why; we will never have a better chance at them than we

