
of the Government in front of me to give any attention to personal enemies and traducers in my rear, who, having never been themselves in hearing of the enemy's guns, devote their energies to secret plottings against me to distract public attention from their own shortcomings. Among this class General Schofield has been the most conspicuous; and being now, for the first time since I entered the service, temporarily relieved from duty, I intend that the country shall have the benefit of his true military record, with which I claim to be quite familiar since he came out into Southwestern Missouri, in the fall of 1862, to take command of the Army of the Frontier, and I shall be content to leave to impartial judges whether he is a hero or something else.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 10, 1863-2.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Steele informs me that price is again advancing toward Little Rock. Some of the Texas troops, lately at Shreveport, are with him. Is it true that General Banks' force has retired down Red River? If so, Steele will be much exposed.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., December 10, 1863.

Major OLIVER D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: By direction of the general commanding, I have the honor to transmit herewith copy of letter received by flag of truce from General Steele, commanding Confederate forces Indian Territory, and General McNeil's reply to the same.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

T. J. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Near Doaksville, December 3, 1863.

SIR: I send in charge of Dr. Duval, and under the protection of flag of truce, Mrs. Waterman, wife of Surgeon [William B.] Waterman, U. S. Army; also Mrs. Rogers, whose friends reside in Fort Smith, and Miss Kennedy. This party will protect from robbery any families who may be permitted to return with them. The prisoners of war in my hands having been reported to the commander of the Trans-Mississippi Department, are subject to his orders. The list of prisoners confined at Fort Smith, sent by the last flag, contains the names of some who are known as not belonging to the Confederate Army, and others who are unknown.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

47 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

