
night. Both of the batteries are now safely over. On yesterday morning I sent a scout of 100 men, under Major Anderson, to Carrollton, which will return to-morrow evening. I started Grayson's train (60 wagons) to Springfield yesterday,also a train of 80 wagons, which reached us here on the evening of the 23rd instant. You are probably aware that General Herron took with him his entire staff, except Captain Littleton, commissary of subsistence,and Lieutenant Pettit, acting assistant quartermaster. Captain Littleton asked to be relieved on the 21st, saying that he had orders to report to General Herron in Springfield. I accordingly detailed Captain H. Jordan, Nineteenth Iowa Infantry, to relieve him, and he has also gone, making a transfer of his subsistence stores to Captain Jordan. Lieutenant Pettit desires also to be relieved and join his regiment, the Thirty-eighth Iowa Infantry. I have, of course, given no leave of absence, and very much doubt the propriety of their leaving. I shall, however, be able to detail competent officers to take charge of these departments for the present. We are suffering much for the want of horseshoes and nails. The quartermaster assures me that his requisition is in for a sufficient supply, but is unable to get them. I report it to you because I think the services is suffering and the Government losing vastly by not furnishing a supply of these articles. I have called upon Lieutenant-Colonel Baldwin, provost-marshal of the division, to furnish a written statement of what disposition was made of the 9 prisoners of war (referred to in Colonel Dan. Huston's letter) supposed to have been murdered at Huntsville, Ark., on the 10th instant, and will report as soon as the matter can be investigated. I have no doubt but that some officer of this division ordered these men shot,and regard it myself as a great outrage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES O. GOWER,

Colonel First Iowa Cav., Commanding Third Div., Army of the Frontier.

[DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,] January 25, 1863.

General SCHOFIELD, In the Field:

Halt the two divisions at Crame Creek. Come no farther north than necessary to get round bad streams. Direct Third Division to remain forward, reporting its location. Reports say General Gorman has returned to Helena. I expect further news soon. Will confer with Colonel Allen as to quartermaster matters.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PRAIRIE LANDING, ARK., Twenty-five miles from mouth of White River, January 26, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the night of the 11th instant I left Helena, Ark., with the army, under command of General Gorman, and took with me the books and papers of the office of the military governor of this State.

If General Gorman is successful in his present undertaking of which there seems to be no reasonable doubt, Devall's Bluff, on the White

