
He also directs me to give you all the assistance I can, and says he will telegraph Grant to do the same. I am not able to send you much force at present. Livingston started from Rolla yesterday. I have directed him to move down and join you, if you call upon him. I have also sent a colored regiment to Helena, and will probably be able to send several more before long. I will have about two more cavalry regiments to spare in a short time, and will send them across the country. I will write you more fully soon.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

FORT SMITH, ARK., December 11, 1863.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

My reconnoitering party south have just reported, as follows: They passed through Mount Ida the 4th, finding nothing there. A small force of rebels had been there the day before. They went via ----, within 6 miles of Murfreesborough. Another party went to Hot Springs. They ascertained that Marmaduke, with a force of 600 cavalry, had passed there a few hours ahead of them, giving out that he intended to attack Benton, where a small force of General Steele's was stationed. Shelby and the rest of Marmaduke's forces were at Okolona, on the Washita River, and estimated at 4,000 men. Their transportation was very poor, and their men deserting very fast. Colonel Dorsey (rebel) is in the mountains between Benton and Hot Springs, and has 400 men. A prisoner from Marmaduke's command reported 8,000 men on the 7th to Okolona. Price is at Woodlawn, in Ouachita County, 20 miles west of Camden, with 6,000 infantry. Price's infantry are supposed to be going into winter quarters, as they are building cabins close to Woodlawn and hauling large quantities of forage. Kirby Smith is at Monroe, La., near Red River. Cabell has gone to Texas. His transportation is in tolerable good order; rations scarce, and men poorly clothed.

JOHN MCNEIL,

Brigadier-General.

PATTERSON, MO., December 1, 1863.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK,

Commanding District of Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: The citizens of Cedar Creek, Wayne County, Missouri, discovered on the 9th instant 5 armed men, supposed to belong to the Hildebrandt gang. They killed 1, wounded 1, and captured 2. I have the two prisoners. One of them was along when I was bushwhacked. He is a regular guerrilla. I know he will get away, for our men are very careless about prisoners. They took $130 in Confederate money from the man who was killed, which I inclose to you. They report that Reves is in Cherokee Bay, with 150 men; that Crandall had crossed Black River at Pocahontas, going west. This was after he had been at Bloomfield. They also state that we have about 1,000 men at Jacksonport. I have men out now. I think they will be in to-morrow. They will be apt to find somebody. They may say what they please about my company, I have the best scouting company in this district. They can find and kill more guerrillas than any of them (perhaps their knowledge of the country is the cause of it). Guerrillas have a hot time of it here

