
Strange that a people who, from the beginning, were willing to incur greater sacrifices for the Government than any others in the Union-who were willing to meet banishment and death itself rather than surrender their government-should be left thus to be plundered by a lawless soldiery, their country desolated, and their wives and their children turned out of door, houseless beggars, only because they happen to be interested in the institution of slavery, which has become unpopular, and men think that by oppressing those who are friendly to the institution they are making big licks toward their own political and military promotion. I shall not cease, general, to urge with all my might the organization you recommend, assured that it is the only thing to safe our section from absolute destruction.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your friend and obedient servant,

RICH'D C. VAUGHAN.

[P. S.]-There are a large number of guns here. Please instruct me as to the propriety of distributing them among the people (those who can be trusted), or will it be necessary before doing so that they organize into companies? I shall be glad to hear from you at your earliest convenience.
HDQRS. SIXTH MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Springfield, Mo., December 13, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN B. SANBORN,

Commanding District of Southwestern Missouri:

GENERAL: I would respectfully report that, on Friday, the 11th instant, as Sergeant [Henry C.] Crooks with 3 men were returning from Newtonia, they were attacked by a band of guerrillas in Federal uniform. The deception was so great that the men had no chance to defend themselves. All, however, escaped but one (Private [Jefferson] Severns, of Company H, Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry), who was captured and hung. He was one of the paroled prisoners at Neosho, and, as you are aware, was returned to duty without exchange. I sent Captain Stall, with his company, in pursuit. He has just returned, and reports before he got up a company of Enrolled Missouri Militia came upon them, killing one of the guerrillas. Captain Stall scouted the country thoroughly, and left his lieutenant, with 20 men, to continue the search and bring in the body of Severns.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT FIFTH MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAV.,Houston, Mo., December 14, 1863.

J. LOVELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as my report for the week ending December 13, 1863:

On Tuesday, December 9, 1863, while 3 men of my command, belonging to Company D, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, were out as escort to a wagon sent out for lumber, they were suddenly set upon by 9 guerrillas and compelled to surrender. They were taken to the brush

