
and kept all night, when, after being sworn, they were released. I sent a scout in pursuit, but they returned the following day without having had any success.

The escort sent with the paymaster t Waynesville, upon its return march, divided into two squads, one of which came up Roubideaux and the other up Big Piney River. The two squads returned one on the 10th and the other on the 12th, without seeing or hearing of any guerrillas on the route.

December 10, Lieutenant [W. C.] Bangs, Company D, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, with 15 men, started to Rolla as escort to train; also Lieutenant [W. L.] Boyd, with a force of 20 men, started on a scout in the direction of Mountain Store; has not yet returned.

December 11, Lieutenant S. A. Franklin, in obedience to orders, took up the march with his company (D) for Rolla.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD MURPHY,

Captain, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,

Milwaukee, Wis., December 15, 1863.

Captain J. McC. Bell, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, having reported to the major-general commanding, in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 143, is assigned to duty as assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Pope:

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PATTERSON, MO., December 19, 1863.

General FISK:

My scouts came in to-night from toward Doniphan. They report that Reves has got a colonel's commission, and is conscripting every man between the ages of eighteenth and forty-five years, and has ordered all to report to him for duty, and when they all get together he will have 1,000 men. Can this old scoundrel not be taken in our run ut of the country? He is said to be about Doniphan.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

PRIVATE.] EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, December 21, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

MY DEAR SIR: + * * * In regard to the Western matter, I believe the programme will have to stand substantially as I first put it. Henderson, and especially Brown, believe that the social influence of Saint Louis would inevitably tell injuriously upon General Pope in the particular difficulty existing there, and I think there is some force in that view. As to retaining General S. [Schofield] temporarily, if this should

+Portion omitted relates to operations on the coast of South Carolina, June 12 to December 31, 1863, and will appear in Series I, Vol. XXVIII.

