
be done, I believe I should scarcely be able to get his nomination through the Senate. Send me over his nomination, which, however, I am not yet quite ready to send to the Senate.

Yours, as ever,

A. LINCOLN.

[Indorsement.]

Referred to the General-in-Chief.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., December 21, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN, Chief of Staff:

Stand Watie was below Cane Hill with about 300 men. Major Foreman and Indians are between me and him with a force. Major Foreman sent me word to-day that he had a skirmish yesterday, and lost 1 lieutenant and 2 men, but repulsed the enemy. Major Foreman is watching his movements, but cannot bring him to an engagement. He has orders to fall back on me, if necessary. I have so many large scouts and detachments out, that I cannot do the post duty nor send him re-enforcements at present, but I have no fears of the enemy. This movement I regard as unimportant. If anything further transpires, I will telegraph you, but I believe Stand Watie's force has been greatly exaggerated.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,Warrensburg, Mo., December 21, 1863.

General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Central District of Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I have suspended the pass-words, as suggested; that, as far as my information extends, this sub-district has been nearly quiet for the last ten days. The exceptions are a small stampede of negroes from the vicinity of Lexington, carrying away two horses, which have not been recovered at last accounts. Soldiers of the Seventh Missouri State Militia cavalry, at their homes, on furlough, in this country, about 15 miles west of this place, report that they killed a bushwacker in a fight with four; the other three escaped. From all that I can ascertain, I am inclined to believe that the man killed was Hardenbrook, a notorious thief and outlaw that escaped from prison at Lexington last spring.

The military commission ordered in last month, to sit at these headquarters, I find, upon inquiry, did not organize, in consequence of the sickness of Captain Peery and Lieutenant Mullins, and since their recovery they have been sitting on court-martial, which is still in session. I have directed them to organize the commission and devote a part of the time to cases before it in the future, which, I think, they can do to advantage, as they can only hold court-martial during certain hours of the day, and, besides, the judge-advocate can taken more time in making up the records. No news of local interest.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES MCFERRAN,

Colonel First Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding Regiment

