
DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., December 22, 1863.

Major General FRED. STEELE,

Commanding Army of Arkansas, Little Rock:

Your dispatch has been received. There is no other gunboat here but mine. It is practicable as far as I am concerned, but it remains for you to say whether it is safe for me to leave the Bluff, or safe for the steamer Rose Hambleton to go to Jacksonport without convoy, as my orders are to assist in the protection of this post, never leaving it unless to co-operate with some movement of the army and by your request, and not to permit any vessels to ply on the river without convoy. Please answer.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. FARRELL,

Acting Master, Commanding U. S. Steamship Linden.

PATTERSON, MO., December 22, 1863.

General FISK:

I have heard nothing from Colonel Livingston. I will go after Reves at any time when I can get force enough. I can take only about 80 men from here at any time. Send me down one more good company, and I will be after them at once. My scouts that came in this morning learn that Reves is on his way here. Let him come.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., December 23, 1863.

Captain OZIAS RUARK,

Commanding at Neosho, Mo.:

General McNeil has telegraphed that a force of 200 or 300 men have come north in the direction of Maysville, and that they intended to come into Missouri. This is supposed to be Quantrill's force. I have ordered three squadrons to your support. Attack them if you can find them, and hold Neosho, if possible. Communicate all information you obtain to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 23, 1863.

General SANBORN, Springfield, Mo.:

General McNeil telegraphs information that Quantrill, with 250 men, has passed up into Missouri, and possibly may intend a raid into Kansas also. It will be necessary for you to warn all your different commands of this movement, and hold them in readiness to pursue the enemy wherever he may appear. You are also directed to keep these headquarters informed of all you learn of the movements of the enemy, so that if he

