
appears northward in Missouri combined movements of the troops may be directed against him. Stand Watie is also north of the Arkansas.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Brown and Ewing.)

PILOT KNOB, MO., December 23, 1863.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK:

I had men out within 7 miles of Centreville yesterday morning, but they heard nothing of an enemy in that direction. Colonel Woodson telegraphed me this morning that Centreville had been captured. Nothing new from below.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., December 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

Colonel Harrison telegraphs this morning that Major Foreman fought the reported force near Cane Hill day before yesterday, and that the force fell back rapidly toward their crossing, below Fort Gibson. I ordered three squadrons to Neosho last night, to support the two near there, and also ordered reconnaissance from Fayetteville and Cassville west of the State line. I do not now propose to make any more movements till I have more knowledge.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., December 23, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. BLAIR, Commanding Fort Scott:

COLONEL: Inclosed are dispatches as to Quantrill's return to Missouri.* They give all the information I have. I have ordered the line of messengers to be extended from Trading Post to Fort Scott, and will communicate to you by it (or by special messenger) all the information I get, and wish from you all you get. The companies of infantry at Fort Scott will remain for the present, or, if started, will be ordered back. You will, if necessary, bring in the company property from the several stations, so as to put as good a cavalry force as practicable in the field. You will, by scouts and scouting parties, get as early and accurate information as practicable as to the enemy's force and movements. I think the intention is to strike the Neosho Valley towns, and go as high up as Emporia, or possibly Topeka. Major Plumb has companies C, K, and F, of the Eleventh Kansas, M, of the Third Wisconsin, and two mountain howitzers, 12-pounders. One company is at Mission, a small detachment at Le Roy, and the balance at Humboldt. Total for duty: Cavalry, 228; battery, 27. I send him to-day, from here, Company E, Fifteenth Kansas, 51 men, for duty.

Respectfully, yours,

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See Sanborn to Ruark, and Totten to Sanborn, p. 747.

---------------

