
River, the terminus of the railroad to Little Rock, will be in possession of our army in at furthest a few days.

The railroad to Little Rock, if obstructed, can easily be put in running order, and then the Government will have at all times of the year a sure and safe means of transportation of supplies to Little Rock during nine months of the year by the White River and railroad from Devall's Bluff, and during three months (when the White River is not navigable) by land carriage from Helena to Devall's Bluff, and by railroad from there. Besides this, for more than six months of the year the Arkansas River is navigable above Little Rock.

This railroad from Devall's Bluff to Little Rock is through a prairie country. It is built in almost a straight line, with but few bridges, and those over inconsiderable streams. It can easily be kept in running order.

The Post of Arkansas having been captured, and the entire rebel force captured, there is now no considerable rebel force north of the Arkansas River. With a little effort on the part of the Government, the line of our army can be extended to the Arkansas River,and that line can be easily maintained. Should be railroad not be taken possession of,and kept up as a military road to Little Rock, it is feared that the Confederates will return to the north side of the Arkansas River, and make raids into the State of Missouri. The military governor is at present sick at Saint Louis, Mo.

I am, sir, with respect, your obedient servant,

AMOS F. ENO,

Secretary pro tem. of Arkansas, and Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, January 26, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Curtis.

By order of the Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

SAINT LOUIS, February 2, 1863.

In reply to the indorsement of the honorable Secretary, I have to say, the railroad referred to will be used, of course, when we get it, and have gunboat arrangements to hold the rivers and country.

I most respectfully with to decline any recognizing of any such officer in my command "as Amos F. Eno, secretary pro tem. of Arkansas, and adjutant-general," unless so directed by law of by orders from headquarters.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF SOUTHEASTERN MISSOURI, Camp in the Field, near Alton, January 26, 1863.

General [CURTIS]:

If the roads permit, I would like to make a push at Batesville. I can send a train back from here to Rolla, for supplies,go down to Batesville and see what is there, and, if not supported by a column on my right or left and I get no supplies from White River, I think I can fight my away

