
and his cut-throats imports that a renewal of the plundering system is to be adopted, and we shall have them in small bands in the country.

I am, truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

PILOT KNOB, MO., December 24, 1863.

General FISK:

Major Wilson, with all the effective force of the Third, is after Reves, about 200. My instructions are to follow to hell, and get the prisoners back, at least. A few of them have come in. It is even so; Company C is captured, excepting a few men. I hardly believed it when I telegraphed you yesterday. They were surprised, buildings stables. No fight, a few scattering shots, and a few wounded; none killed. A boy, just reported, says he was shot at; returned the fire with small shot, wounding a rebel; he escaped on foot. I have sent a reconnoitering party to Centreville to report the state of affairs there. I will know this evening. Had not I better go this evening?

R. G. WOODSON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., December 24, 1863.

Colonel R. G. WOODSON, Pilot Knob:

I am greatly mortified with the Centreville affair. Where were Captain [S. A. C.] Bartlett's pickets? I fear that the most criminal neglect has allowed this disaster to come upon us. I trust that there will be no failure in wiping out the apparent disgrace. Take hold of the pursuit and extermination yourself.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, Ark., December 25, 1863.

Colonel OLIVER D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I arrived here with my command at 10 o'clock a. m. to-day; had several skirmishes with guerrillas on my way; killed 15 and captured 17. Lost 1 man only. Will drive the freebooters out of Northern Arkansas without delay.

[R. R. LIVINGSTON,]

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.

PILOT KNOB, MO., December 25, 1863.

G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District Headquarters:

Man just in from below reports that Major Wilson came in contact with Reves on the 25th instant, at Centreville, and captured his whole command. our loss 8 wounded and killed. Colonel Woodson, with 40 men, left yesterday morning to join Wilson.

BLISS.

