HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., December 25, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have just received the following dispatch from Colonel Harrison, at Fayetteville:

Mr. West, a very reliable citizen of Cincinnati, left that place, 22 miles west of Fayetteville, on the evening of the 23rd instant. Colonel Stand Watie passed his house Sunday evening, going north, with about 300 men, well mounted, clothed, and armed. From two rebel deserters he learns that Colonel William Penn Adair went up Grand River, in the Nation, about the same time with 1,000 men, among whom were Quantrill and 280 men. This is the first intimation I have had of anything, except the 300 men of Stand Watie. Mr. West says that 300 men were to concentrate at Stand Watie's Mill, west of Maysville, and were coming back in a few days to burn Rhea's Mills and other Union property west of this. My scout from Maysville has not yet been heard from. A party of bushwhackers have again appeared near Cross Hollow within five days, and have robbed sutlers, citizens, &amp;c. Nearly all my force is out. The rebels report that this expedition is principally for the purpose of moving out their families.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Upon this information, I have ordered Colonel Phelps to take care of Cross Hollow and the vicinity, and shall order two more squadrons of cavalry to proceed to Neosho at once. The roads are so bad and the weather so uncertain that I have not deemed it advisable to send artillery. The present force at Neosho is 380 effective men. If the re-enforcements have arrived, I will increase this force to 500 men, at least.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo., December 25, 1863.

Telegraphic instructions have just been received at these headquarters which authorize the re-enlistment of the Missouri State Militia as veterans, with the understanding that they shall be reorganized on the footing of volunteers in the United States service, to be used wherever the Government may have need of their services. As the time for payment of the veteran bounty is limited by law to the 5th proximo, regimental commanders must appoint their recruiting officers for veterans in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 150, current series, from these headquarters, at once.

All men of the Missouri State Militia re-enlisting as veterans will be retained in their present regimental and company organizations until the original term of service expires, when the veterans will be consolidated under officers selected for their efficiency from the corps.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

OLIVER D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., December 26, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The scouts sent out from Neosho returned yesterday, and report that Stand Watie and Colonel Adair were on Grand River yesterday morning, and were to start back across the Arkansas yesterday,

