
with families, &amp;c. Coming up, this force crossed the Arkansas River 3 miles below Fort Gibson, had a fight and fell back, and came up the Illinois River within 6 miles of Cane Hill, and then turned back through the Nation. Stand Watie's permanent headquarters and camp are on the Canadian River. He has, when all his force is together, 1,000 men at his camp, so it appears from present indications that this force is to return at once. If it comes north, my impression now is that it will move down west of Fort Smith, and come down the Little Osage River into the State, but it is difficult to tell what direction so small a force will take.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWESTERN MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., December 27, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Lieutenant [J. S.] Bainum, in command of two squadrons of the Eleventh Missouri Volunteers, returned to Cross Hollow yesterday from a scout to Spavinaw, on line of the Indian Territory, near Maysville, and reports that Stand Watie had passed through Maysville, going south, with about 300 men, and had left a few troops in the Nation to move out rebel families. He heard of no other body of rebels. He killed on the scout 3 bushwhackers and took 4 prisoners.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 27, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN McNEIL,

Fort Smith, Ark.:

Nothing positive is yet known at these headquarters of the movements or whereabouts of the rebels under Stand Watie and Colonel Adair. Some say that they are reported north of the Arkansas River, and possibly in the Nation. Have you any reliable information concerning their movements? If north of the Arkansas, would it not be well to move upon them with a strong command from your district? General Sanborn, from Neosho, and Colonel Harrison, from Fayetteville, with all their available force, might intercept them, if they attempt a movement north and east, and General Ewing is prepared for them if they move across the southern line into Kansas. Let me know what you are able to do in this matter, and I will communicate with the other district commanders and have them co-operate.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., December 28, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: An effort will be made to have the counties of Jackson and Cass, in this State, exempted from the operations of the draft, and to have

