
the quota of the State reduced by the amount of the quota of these counties; and I am called on to address you on the subject. The inhabitants remaining in these counties on the 26th of August last, outside of certain towns and military stations, were required to remove to those towns and stations, on making proof of loyalty, or to remove out of those counties. Under orders from General Schofield, all the able-bodied men in those counties, south of the road from Independence to Westport (in other words, all not living in Westport, Independence, Kansas City, or their suburbs), have been mustered into the service as Missouri Militia, and have been armed and put on duty in their several neighborhoods by me. The aggregate number of them is 240. Of the men who left those counties, under my orders, about half went south, and the others to adjacent counties of Missouri. The loyal population in those counties, and especially in Jackson, outside of the towns, has always been small. Kansas City, at the outbreak of the rebellion, had a population of about 6,000. Its laboring classes were almost all loyal, and entered the service early. They were recruited chiefly into Kansas regiments, at Wyandotte and other points on the border in Kansas. I have no means of estimating, with any pretensions to accuracy, the number who went into Kansas regiments from these counties, but would think 1,000 a very low estimate.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., December 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Commanding Fort Scott, Kans:

COLONEL: I inclose you a copy of a dispatch, dated 24th instant, just received from General Totten. Taken in connection with his dispatch of the 23rd, it appears quite probable an attack on Fort Smith, or a raid up the Neosho, is in progress, and that the force will be large. If you have not already done so, send out a scouting party down the border, with instructions to go as far as Pineville, if necessary, to ascertain the purpose and present whereabouts and force of this rebel gathering. I have ordered companies and detachments to Fort Scott, enough to double your present strength, regarding that as the best point to move from on the enemy, in whichever direction he may present himself. Send a small party eastward, as far as Stockton, to see if the enemy may not be going up that tier of counties. Have all your effective cavalry shod at once, and your battery horses.

Send all information up the line by the messengers; if I go down, it will be along that route.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

THOMAS EWING, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

SAINT LOUIS, December 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIES:

Information from the various district commanders in West and Northwest Arkansas, and in Southwest and Southeast Missouri, indicates a movement northward among the rebel guerrillas, and increased vigi-

48 R R--VOL XXII, PT II

