
lance becomes absolutely necessary on part of all concerned. You are required to give information of anticipated movement to all the various officers commanding posts, &amp;c., in your district, and warn them to be on the alert, and act with vigor against the enemy if he makes his appearance in their localities. Hold your troops in readiness to act in conjunction, and report to these headquarters all information you may learn.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General.

FORT GIBSON, C. N., December 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General McNEIL, Fort Smith:

By my scout, just in from Maysville, I learn that the enemy have broken up, and those still in the Nation are in small squads, trying to make their escape. It is reported that part of Quantrill's men vent back across the Arkansas River, and that part of them are on Cowskin Creek, near the Butler Hills, on the Missouri and Arkansas line.

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General EWING:

The last reliable news from General Sanborn indicates that the rebels under Stand Watie had passed through Maysville, going south, only leaving a few of his men behind to move out rebel families. Sanborn's scout heard of no other bodies of rebels. I will give you any additional information which may reach me on its receipt.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, December 29, 1863.

Colonel R. G. WOODSON, Pilot Knob, Mo.:

Exercise the greatest care in guarding the Reves captives. Will send a train for them when you get them ready for shipment.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., December 29, 1863.

Major General FRED. STEELE,

Commanding Arkansas Expedition, Little Rock, Ark.:

Kirby Smith and all his officers not included in the President's amnesty have made their arrangements to sell the Confederate States cotton and run away to Mexico. They will not attack you, I feel sure. I know that an agent from Washington is on his way to Red River, accepting above proposition, and that in thirty days you will have the rank and file pouring in upon you. Notwithstanding, traitors are to be watched; you have force enough to whip them to death, and if they move, it will be for a demonstration merely.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

