
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S 						OFFICE,

Numbers 1. Washington, January 1, 1864.

By direction of the President of the United States, Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the Department of Kansas, which will consist of the State of Kansas, the Territories of Nebraska and Colorado, and the Indian Territory, including the military post of Fort Smith; headquarters at Fort Leavenworth.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., January 3, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have received dispatches from Major Hatch, dated Pembina, 21st ultimo. A synopsis of the information contained therein is as follows, viz:

The bands of Little Crow and Little Six are still near Fort Garry, on British soil, and so annoying has their conduct become that the settlers have resolved upon their forcible expulsion. Major Hatch has been written to, at the request of these murdering refugees, that they have 9 criminals only, including Little Six himself, whom they are willing to surrender to our military authorities at the price of peace. A detachment had been sent out to a point 5 miles beyond Saint Joseph, to fall upon and destroy three lodges encamped there. The service was performed, and 6 Sioux killed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, January 8, 1864.

Respectfully transmitted for the information of the General-in-Chief.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST, Cassville, Mo., January 4, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN B. SANBORN,Commanding District of Southwestern Missouri:

I forward reports of two scouts, one under command of Lieutenant [Albert A.] Irwin, the other in charge of Lieutenant A. J. Garner, Second Arkansas Cavalry.

On the 24th ultimo, I gave orders to Lieutenant Garner to proceed in the direction of and beyond Pineville, and reconnoiter, with 50 men, and ascertain, if possible, the movements of Stand Watie, who was said to be in that neighborhood with 500 or 600 men. Lieutenant Garner arrived on Cowskin Creek; found that Stand Watie had been there, but left the day before. He followed his trail to the line; but the enemy being too far ahead, the pursuit was fruitless, and abandoned. At the headwaters of Butler's Creek, where he had turned off, Lieutenant Garner found and took possession of a cave with a blacksmith's shop and about 100

