
bushels of corn in it. He destroyed all. Ten miles below, on the same stream, in another cave, of 3 guerrillas found there, 1 was killed and 1 wounded; the other escaped. In this cave Lieutenant Garner found a small parcel of dry goods, about 2 pounds of gunpowder, 1 bushel of salt, 1 shot-gun and 1 rifle. These (but the dry-goods) he ordered destroyed. From a point 12 miles farther down stream, he scouted in various directions, and found himself in a section of country swarming with guerrillas. He burned four houses on Butler's Creek and seized three yoke of oxen and as many wagons. On his return, the 29th ultimo, he turned the captured property over to the quartermaster at this post. He had marched, while reconnoitering and scouting, about 150 miles. In the mean time information was received that one of my men, under Lieutenant [Joseph] Brown, had been wounded by the guerrillas near Cross Hollow. I dispatched Lieutenant Irwin to that vicinity with 26 men; there he joined Brown.

With his party augmented by 4 of Lieutenant Brown's men, the balance of whom were ordered to return to Cassville to escort the wounded man, Lieutenant Irwin, hearing of the noted guerrilla Glover of that neighborhood, proceeded to his house and set fire to it. Glover was not there. From that place he advanced in a northeast direction, and at the distance of about 1 mile from the burning house made out 3 bushwhackers lurking in his front. He gave chase for about 2 miles, in vain. The guerrillas had taken refuge in the bush. At night, December 27, 1863, Lieutenant Irwin camped at Block's Mill. Next morning his pickets were fired into, but the enemy fled n the approach of Irwin's party from Block's Mill. Lieutenant Irwin descended in a southeast direction. On the White River, at the ford, saw, but failed to capture or kill, a mounted guerrilla; crossed over to the northeast, among the hills bordering the river, and in a ravine, at the residence of Coon Baker, the most notorious guerrilla of that region, surprised John Roller, another bandit; in attempting to escape, this Roller was shot dead, and his horse, arms, and accouterments captured. They were turned over to the quartermaster at post. Lieutenant Irwin thence proceeded northwest toward Indian Creek; here another guerrilla and robber was shot. The hills known as Roller Ridge were next searched; they are a well-known rendezvous for banditti, murderers, and highwaymen. Nothing was found, and Lieutenant Irwin, after four days of meandering march through a very rugged country, his horses tired, almost exhausted, returned to this post without injury or loss. He marched about 125 miles.

I am, &amp;c.,

JOHN E. PHELPS,

Lieutenant Third U. S. Cav., Recruiting Comr. Second Ark., Commanding Post.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI 							DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 2. Little Rock, Ark., January 6, 1863.

All deserters belonging to the Army of the Trans-Mississippi Department, and still absent from their commands, who will return to their respective commands before the 1st of February, 1863, will be restored to duty without trial.

By command of Lieutenant-General Holmes:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

49 R R--VOL XXII, PT II

