HEADQUARTERS INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., January 8, 1863.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: Having been appointed by the general in command of the Trans-Mississippi Department to the command of the forces in the Indian Territory, I have to request that you will report to these headquarters as early as practicable, showing the numbers, condition, and all other facts necessary to be known in regard tot he forces now under your command in the Indian Territory. You will also cause to be communicated to these headquarters, at the earliest practicable moment, such information as may be obtainable in reference to the quantity, condition, &c., of the commissary and quartermaster's stores in the possession of the officers of these departments, respectively, in the Indian Territory. It is desirable that a personal interview should he had with you at an early moment, if the same can be had without prejudice to your command.

Very respectfully, &c.,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, January 8, 1863.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN, Commanding First Corps:

GENERAL: I avail of Mr. Grimes' visit to headquarters to say that letters were received yesterday from Colonel Chilly McIntosh and Colonel Watie. The former gives intelligence of a hostile force on Deep Fork, Creek Nation. The latter is encamped on Canadian, in the Cherokee country, near Stans' place, known as Briartown. Federals and Pins decamped from Gibson's, after burning Canton and Davis, on the night of 28th December, and marched, without halting, to Musgrove's (45 to 50 miles), near Cincinnati. Colonel D. [N.] McIntosh sends a copy of letter received by him from Colonel Phillips, making overtures to the Creeks. Only about 8 or 10 Creeks went over to the enemy, and these not of the army. Some of Colonel Watie's men and other Southern Cherokees have gone over. All complain of destitution and the inadequacy of the Confederate protection. My opinion is, unless a large white force, well appointed and furnished for service, be sent into the Indian Territory soon, that upon the advent of the Federals next spring the people will be prepared to submit for the sake of saving land and other property. There is a strong under-current drifting them that way now.

Truly, yours, &c.,DOUGLAS H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General.

[P. S.]--I will send copies of the letters referred to. I am concentrating what force I can at the Canadian Depot (Johnson's place), but we are not in condition for service. The mules will scarcely draw empty wagons. The fact is, we cut such a figure that our forces are becoming an object of derision among the Indians.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FIRST CORPS, TRANS-MISS. DEPT.,Fort Smith, Ark., January 13, 1863.

JOHN R. BAYLOR, Governor of Arizona, &c.:

GOVERNOR: Your communication addressed to Brigadier-General Pike, in reference to the defense of Texas frontier and the Indian Ter-

