
ritory, has been referred by Major-General Hindman, commanding this corps of the Trans-Mississippi Army, to the undersigned, as commandant of the Indian Territory and ex officio Superintendent of Indian Affairs. Permit me to return my acknowledgment for your offer to co-operate in all matters tending to the protection of the frontier of Texas and the department to which I have been assigned the command.

There is now on the march to the Indian Territory a brigade of infantry, consisting of four regiments, under the command of Colonel Speight; also one battery of artillery. There is now in the Indian Territory a brigade of cavalry, under the command of Brigadier General D. H. Cooper. My recent assignment to this command, and the absence of a prior knowledge of the country over which it is to be exercised, render it impossible to suggest any fixed or decided plan of co-operation with you. So far, however, as circumstances may hereafter offer, I shall feel it both a duty to the Government as well as a personal pleasure to render a co-operation of our respective forces both harmonious and effective. Should occasion offer suggestive of practical and successful results, I shall communicate with you without delay.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, Ark., January 13, 1863.

Major-General HINDMAN,

Commanding First Corps, &c.:

GENERAL: I have been directed by Lieutenant-General Holmes to say to you that the command of Brigadier-General Steele will be considered an independent one, and that in future he will make his reports direct to department headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., January 14, 1863.

General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, Little Rock Ark.:

GENERAL: I transmit to you herewith Special Orders, Numbers 11, assigning Lieutenant General E. K. Smith to the command of the Southwestern Army, embracing within its limits the Departments of West Louisiana and Texas, and separating the same from the Trans-Mississippi Department, under your command. This arrangement and assignment has become necessary on account of the very extended geographical limits of your former command, which precluded the possibility of your giving attention, amongst your other multifarious duties, to the great extent of country lying south and southwest of Arkansas, and which has recently become of vast importance for defensive purposes against the approaches of the enemy. In order to a mutual co-operation by the troops of these two separate commands in cases of emergency or necessity, there should be a constant intercommunication between their respective commands, and this is especially urged upon both commands, by direction of the President.

