HEADQUARTERS,Fort Smith, Ark., January 15, 1863.

Colonel [J. C.] MONROE, Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: You will take up your line of march with your own available force and those under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel [R. P.] Crump, who will report to you at as early a moment as practicable. You will proceed to the localities between this point and Dardanelle, at which numerous outrages have been committed since the retirement of the main body of the army, and use your best energies to find and destroy any party or parties of outlaws who have been engaged in the perpetration of these outrages. All persons whom you may have just reason of suspecting as accomplices, will be arrested by you and reported at the headquarters of the First Corps of this army. In all matters of detail in this connection you are to exercise your own sound judgment and discretion. You will lose no opportunity of informing yourself as to the extent, &amp;c., of any disaffection existing in the country in which you are to operate.

By command of Brigadier General William Steele:

J. F. CROSBY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Smith, Ark., January 15, 1863.

Colonel R. C. NEWTON,

Chief of Staff, First Corps, Trans-Mississippi Army:

COLONEL: Colonel Speight has arrived in this vicinity with his command, but, owing to an unfortunate combination of circumstances, it is utterly out of the question for him to move on which his command. The ground is covered with snow from 8 to 12 inches in depth. The intermediate streams between this point and Johnson's Depot are swollen to such an extent as to render them impassable in the absence of boats and bridges. His animals are completely broken down, and there is not a particle of forage to be had in this vicinity. In order to prepare breadstuffs for Colonel Monroe's and Lieutenant-Colonel Crump's commands (whom there has been an imperative necessity of sending in pursuit of lawless bands who have been murdering and laying waste the country in this vicinity), a draft has necessarily been made upon the corn in the commissary store for hospital use. Colonel Speight may find it impossible to move in several days, certainly so unless there is a very great improvement in the condition of the roads. It is needless to say that there is an utter impossibility of procuring supplies of any description in this part of the country. The information received from Johnson's Depot indicates the arrival of a very limited quantity of supplies at that point, as yet. Under the circumstances it is urgently requested that a supply of corn, &c., be sent up the river, if possible, or by such other mode of conveyance as may be deemed best and most speedy under existing circumstances. If forwarded by boat, it is respectfully suggested that a cavalry scout be sent up on either side of the river as a protection against surprise and attack by the guerrilla bands of the enemy. Colonel Speight will be ordered to send back, under a strong guard, as many of the wagons and teams belonging to his command as may be practicable, for the purpose of bringing up immediately such supply of corn as can be obtained down the river. The rise in the river at this place will,

