
it is supposed, render navigation practicable. The animals at this post have been without forage for several days past, and, unless corn is forwarded immediately, stock of every description must die of starvation.

Respectfully,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-In order to save time, a copy of the foregoing has been sent to Colonel S. S. Anderson, assistant adjutant-general, &amp;c.
HDQRS. 1ST DIV., 1ST CORPS, TRANS-MISSISSIPPI ARMY,Fort Smith, Ark., January 18, 1863.

JOHN R. BAYLOR,

Governor of Arizona, Commanding Troops, Frontier of Texas:

GOVERNOR: A communication has already been written to you several days ago, and has been lying on my table awaiting some certain and safe mode of transmission. Since writing, circumstances have occurred in this vicinity which I deem necessary to inform you of, at least in part. Subsequent to the retirement of General Hindman with his army from this section, a guerrilla force of the enemy has made its way to the south side of the Arkansas River, and, I am fearful, have succeeded in cutting off my communication with headquarters. This, so far as I am concerned, is unavoidable, as I have no cavalry force, and nothing to subsist it with if I had one. This force of the enemy, I have no doubt, is being rapidly augmented from the Unionists of this section and the deserters from General Hindman's army. There were many arms scattered through the country during the late retreat, and, I take it for granted, are in the possession of this band and their adherents, as but few stand have been recovered, after diligent search. The topography of the country where these parties operate is of such a character as to render pursuit unless, unless the men are well mounted, and the pursuit is kept up without relaxation. The chief object of this, however, is to inform you that this lawless band is under the command of the Martin D. Hart, formerly a member of the Texas senate, from Hunt County, and who now represents himself as a captain in the First Texas Regiment (Federal). I am satisfied that communication is being kept up between Hart and Abolition sympathizers in Northern Texas, and it is possible that, should he conceive himself strong enough, he may attempt to push his raid into that section. I have sent all the cavalry in my command, say 220 men, in pursuit; but, from the exhausted condition of the horses, I have no special hope of success. I would respectfully suggest a maintainment of a vigilant and close watch along the various channels of communication with this section of the country, with the object of intercepting all communication between Hart and his Texas friends and sympathizers. I shall soon move my headquarters nearer my supplies, on Red River, to what particular point I cannot now determine, and I shall then be able to hold more convenient correspondence with you in reference to the material operations of our respective commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &c.

