
been furnished with information on the subject. Information has been thus far ineffectually sought touching the whereabouts of the archives pertaining to the superintendency, the number and locality of the several agents on duty, contracts for clothing, commissary stores, &amp;c. General Pike had arrived in Little Rock prior to the departure of General S. [Steele], but, from the urgent tenor of Lieutenant-General Holmes' order, there was no time allowed for an interview with him. The general commanding hopes to receive much valuable information from you touching these things, and with this view will proceed in the direction of your headquarters as soon as the garrison at this point can be put in a defensible and living condition. Information has been received from department headquarters that corn has been sent up the river; but as a cavalry force of the enemy has lately made its appearance in Van Buren, it is possible that this may not reach him for some days. Colonel Speight's command left this place with inadequate transportation and supplies. His route will be to Blackburn's, and thence to Doaksville. Any supplies you may be able to put on his route will be advancing the public interests; in fine, it is the wish of the general in command that all subordinate officers in the department should harmoniously work together for the general good.

The command in the Territory, conditioned as now is, cannot be rendered available; it is, therefore, necessary to use every energy to put this command speedily in such condition as to render it effective and capable of advancing when the proper time shall arrive. To do this properly it is necessary to drill and discipline, prepare transportation, ammunition, &c., save up and accumulate supplies at points as far advanced as circumstances may determine, so as that we shall be in a condition to make a campaign which will result not only in clearing the Nations of the enemy, but in "carrying the war into Africa" itself.

Your dispatch of the 23rd instant, together with accompanying documents, has been received whilst writing, and I extend my congratulations on your good fortune in the relief afforded your commissary by means of late arrival of flour train. As the general in command is unable to determine at what time he may have it in his power to visit the Indian Territory, he is glad to know that you will visit him at his present headquarters. Since his assignment to this command he has constantly experienced the necessity of having a personal interview with yourself at the earliest practicable moment. It has been impossible to leave this portion of the country up to the present time without abandoning all this country to our enemies, or rather that which would prove more destructive than an organized enemy--bands of traitors who abound in this vicinity. As long as a cavalry force could be detained here, efforts to ferret out and destroy these bands, on the south side of the river, were attended with considerable success; the necessity, however, of sending the cavalry to some point accessible to forage, has rendered the general in command powerless in this respect. Matters have been properly represented to department headquarters, and a cavalry scout on both sides of the river suggested.

Reports were received on yesterday that some 30 traitors were attempting to make their way across the Arkansas River, at Threlkeld's, to join the enemy at Fayetteville; these were from Scott County. You must exercise, general, the utmost vigilance in having properly guarded your supply trains. Should these bands arrive at sufficient strength, they will no doubt attempt to interfere with our lines of communication, &c.

Instructions have been forwarded to Captain Cabell, assistant quar-

