
RICHMOND, VA., January 29, 1863.

Lieutenant-General HOLMES,

Care of Sherrald, messenger at Vicksburg, Miss.:

Your dispatch of the 22nd received. The President suspends the writ of habeas corpus in Arkansas and the adjacent Indian country. You will establish the necessary regulations to protect persons and property, and to maintain order, but will abstain from any further control over the rights of persons and property than is necessary for defensive purposes and military discipline.

By order of the President:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 25. Richmond, January 30, 1863.

* * * * * *

XVII. Brigadier-General Hindman is relieved from further duty in the Trans-Mississippi Department. He will repair to Vicksburg, Miss., and there await further orders.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., January 31, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I will call at 1 p. m. to-day (Saturday) on Mr. Joynes, to learn, through him, from you, when it will be convenient for you to see me. I inclose for your perusal the documents* which produced the change of opinion mentioned in my last note. The very decided (and it seems to me injudicious) language used by General Price in the closing paragraph of his Special Orders, Numbers 82, would indicate that the send him which only a portion of his troops to Arkansas would but increase the imbroglio, and one of the main objects in making any disposition of the subject now is to content him and his men. Since the date of my last note, General Price has telegraphed to Senator Clark that he is on his way here. Major Cabell thinks that the special order above alluded to was not intended to go as far as its language really does, and that the order suggested by me will fully satisfy General Price and his men. If so, I still think it the best solution of the question. On his arrival, something may be determined on to give us the advantage of his presence in Arkansas to recruit our forces without detriment to the military operations in Mississippi. After settling this difficulty, arising out of misapprehended promises, the best plan will be to manage the Missouri troops on the simple military principle that they should cheerfully go wherever ordered, and so remain until ordered away.

I remain, dear sir, very truly, yours,

THOS. C. REYNOLDS,

Governor of Missouri.

---------------

*NOTE ON ORIGINAL.--Inclosures withdrawn by Mr. Shepherd, February 23, 1863.

---------------

