
the transfer of General Price in time to anticipate any further advance of the enemy in Arkansas. Argue as we will, the people believe he can prevent that advance.

I remain, dear sir, with high esteem, very truly, yours,

THOS. C. REYNOLDS,

Governor of Missouri.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, February 5, 1863.

Colonel C. A. CARROLL,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Norristown, Ark.:

COLONEL: The general commanding this department is in receipt of a communication from the adjutant-general, Trans-Mississippi Department, informing him that your command had been placed under his orders, so far as keeping up a vigilant scout, &amp;c., along the banks of the Arkansas River was concerned. The commanding general directs me to express his satisfaction on the receipt of this intelligence, and hopes, by the exercise of energy and activity, as well as earnest co-operation, that much good to our common cause may be effected, and the line of the river kept free during the winter of the enemy's depredations. I am further directed to say that circumstances having required the removal of the cavalry force property belonging to this department out of present reach, the general is pleased to have the assistance of your command in keeping the Arkansas free for navigation. It is desirable that there may be free and frequent intercourse between yourself and these headquarters. Please forward, as far as may be convenient, intelligence of any scouts sent by you, and, when your scouts reach as far as Van Buren or this point, please instruct the officers in command to report on their arrival here in person and from Van Buren by courier. I shall keep you constantly advised of any intelligence from the enemy calculated to affect your movements. From information deemed trustworthy, the enemy are some 600 or 800 strong at Fayetteville. I would suggest, therefore, that in sending up scouts to protect boats coming up, the main body of the scout should be sent on the north side of the river.

The commanding general instructs me to inform you further that he entertains the hope of being prepared within a few days for crossing over to the south side of the river any scout of yours that may find it necessary to fall back on this point for support. The ferry-boat, for safety, will be kept at this place.

By direction of General Steele:

J. F. CROSBY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., February 6, 1863.

General J. C. PEMBERTON,

General, Commanding, &c.:

SIR: A day or two since I telegraphed, and have since written, General E. Kirby Smith, on his passage through your department, to endeavor to arrange with you for the exchange of troops from his department for General Price's command, or, at least, General Price and his Missouri troops. It has long been contemplated and desired by the Department, as soon as the safety of your command would allow, to

