
came to assume command here and how that command was exercised, and not only received no permission to make the report but no answer of any description. The application was not made at either of the times referred to because of the reasons stated in that of yesterday's date. Now, however, I feel it to be my right and imperative duty to make it and adhere to it. I know my own capacity far better than any one else can. As the positive result of that knowledge, I am convinced that I cannot be useful in your command. Believing this, I think the services I have rendered the Confederacy entitle me to be transferred to a command where I can be useful, and not forced to quit the army altogether. Should you finally disapprove my application, I request that the same be forwarded to Richmond with this letter as a direct appeal to the President from me.

Respectfully,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Little Rock, February 8, 1863.

Brigadier General J. S. MARMADUKE,

Commanding, &amp;c., near Batesville:

GENERAL: Yours of the 6th instant has just been received and laid before the lieutenant-general commanding, who directs me to say, in reply thereto, he wishes you to keep a sufficient force on the north side of White River to resist any raid that may be made by the enemy, but that you must not risk your whole command. He advises, if it can be done, that you construct a bridge of boats to facilitate the crossing of the White River. In the event of your having to fall back, you will, in the absence of special instructions from department headquarters, dispose of your forces as your judgment may dictate and the emergency of the case may require.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.--A telegram from Monroe, La., received last night, states that a Federal ram had passed our batteries and gone down the river; that the Federals had fallen back from Fredericksburg, and that we had gained a victory at Charleston, S. C.

Fitz John Porter has been dismissed from "Old Abe's" service, and forbidden forever hereafter to hold any office of honor, trust, or profit under the Government of the (so-called) United States.

RICHMOND, February 9, 1863.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Care of General Pemberton, Jackson, Miss.:

Your command of Southwestern Army has been enlarged so as to embrace the Trans-Mississippi Department. Lieutenant-General Holmes will still remain in that department, and it is suggested for your consideration to visit his headquarters before proceeding to West Louisiana.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

