HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., February 27, 1863.

Colonel J. C. MONROE, Commanding First Arkansas Cavalry:

COLONEL: You will proceed with force and scout in such direction on the north side of the Arkansas River as circumstances and your discretion may suggest. Should you make any captures of the militia understood to have been called into service of the United States, the prisoners being persons (citizens of the Confederate States) within the conscript age, or deserters from the army, you will, if practicable, bring them with you. In all cases of soldiers regularly enlisted in the service of the United States, and of persons over the conscript age, you will cause them to subscribe the accompanying oath,* affixing to their name the date and place of capture, and giving to the prisoners thus paroled a memorandum of the act. All citizens who have exhibited an active opposition to the Government of the Confederate States, and have been instrumental in causing persons to desert the C. S. Army and to join the Federal forces, will, if practicable, be brought to this place. Should you capture any officers of the U. S. Army, they will be held in accordance with the proclamation of the President of the Confederate States. All further matter of detail will be left to your discretion.

By command of Brigadier-General Steele:

J. F. CROSBY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISS. AND EAST LA., Numbers 58. Jackson, Miss., February 27, 1863.

* * * * * *

V. At his own request, sanctioned by the War Department at Richmond, Va., Major General Sterling Price, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, is relieved from duty in this department, and will report to Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith, Provisional Army of the Confederate States, for duty in the Trans-Mississippi Department.

VI. In compliance with the desire of the Secretary of War, as expressed by letter, as soon as the troops now composing Major-General Price's division can be replaced by a corresponding number from the Trans-Mississippi Department, they will be ordered to report to General Price for duty. Should, however, the troops referred to from the Trans-Mississippi Department not be able those of Major-General Price's division, the Missouri troops, forming a part of said division, will be sent to join General Price in the Trans-Mississippi Department as soon as the exigencies of the service will admit of it.

VII. Major General Sterling Price will take with him as an escort Captain Collins' company, Missouri cavalry, now acting as body guard.

* * * * * *

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CRITTENDEN COUNTY, February 28, 1863.

Major General T. C. HINDMAN:

DEAR SIR: Since we came to this county we have succeeded in sinking six coal barges, which we boarded with skiffs, worth, at least, to

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

