
The main force should move east, keeping as far down as roads, supplies, and the enemy's movements will justify.

General Brown telegraphs that he has a report of force collecting at Berryville. If so, it threatens your rear by Roaring River route.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FAYETTEVILLE, January 2, 1863.

Honorable JOHN S. PHELPS,

Military Governor of Arkansas, Saint Louis:

I respectfully suggest the propriety of organizing the militia of this part of the State, so that they may protect their homes. If you concur, I will endeavor to give the necessary assistance to officers authorized by you to enroll and organize the loyal men. Very few volunteers for the general service can be obtained, but I believe all the loyal men will gladly do duty as local militia.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

[DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,]

January 2, 1863.

General DAVIDSON:

While the Army of the Frontier is so far away, Warren has to guard Springfield, and while there are still apprehensions in your rear you had best not go forward. I am shifting forces to support you. Did you lose any pontoons? Have you got your boat completed at Van Buren? Telegraph freely and fully. I have been terribly pressed for aid at Columbus and Memphis, but think matters are now safe. Have sent force to reoccupy New Madrid, that was foolishly abandoned.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, FORCES U. S. VOLUNTEERS,Columbus, Ky., January 2, 1863.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: General Osterhaus, en route for his command, passed here last evening. From him I learned your wishes touching our early departure for Helena. I have steadily kept before General Davies your wishes that your forces should not be scattered or detained one day longer in this department than his necessities should require. General Grant has ordered General Davies to move us to Memphis immediately. General Davies has asked General Halleck for instructions. General Tuttle, now here, is very desirous to retain all of your Iowa regiments as a command for himself. I discover that he is hard at work among the colonels to influence them in the direction of General Grant; complains bitterly that General Grant has been badly treated in the distribution of the new troops from the Northwest. These are straws that indicate clearly what is in the wind. I fear that, if we are set down at Memphis, we shall bid good-by to the Department of the Missouri. It seems to me that after the liberal contribution you have made to the down-river expedition your department cannot well spare any more regiments.

