
bitterly, and he may,for his occupation is gone, as well as Quantrill's market in this direction for his stock, unless this order can be revoked.

I regret that the name of the writer of this letter to General Price is not given, as I make no doubt that his notorious disloyalty would obviate the necessity for any reply to his letter. His statements in regard to the condition of this district, as you well know, are unblushingly false. The occasion which justifies martial law not passed away. The people are not generally quiet; those who sympathize with the rebellion will not yield obedience to the Government for the sake of peace or otherwise. It is not true that the civil officers performed their functions fully or without molestation, and it is utterly false to say that the machinery of civil government can now be operated as in times of profound peace. On the contrary,there has been at no time since the commencement of the present civil war when it required more vigilance or a stronger hand to protect Union citizens in parts of this district than it does at this present hour. You know that the whole western country is filled with guerrillas, who are carrying on a most bloody and cruel warfare. You know of those men of the Fifth Regiment, who were most cruelly assassinated by the guerrillas in Jackson County, and their bodies most horribly mutilated, even to stamping with boot heels the flesh from their faces,cutting off their ears, pouring powder into their ears and exploding it. In several counties in the district no courts of record of any kind have held a session for several terms past, say, for more than eighteen months. The records have been stolen, perhaps destroyed, and the civil officers driven from the country. Recently, I had arrested a Captain Walley, who had murdered one Harry Younger, in Jackson County, for his money. The evidence of his guilt was so clear and conclusive that he confessed it. Preferring that he should be regularly tried and punished, I directed a court to be held in Independence for that purpose. The witnesses, soldiers in the Fifth Regiment Missouri State Militia, who were stationed at Harrisonville in Cass County, were sent to attend court. When on their way,there were bushwhacked by a band under Bird Younger, a son of the murdered man, and the court was not held. No court or can be held in Jackson, Johnson, Cass, Bates, Henry or Vernon Counties. Last fall when I was at Lexington, with at least 1,200 soldiers, 200 or 300 of whom were enrolled militia of the county,and with scouts out daily, I had a guard of 50 men, as a sheriff's posse, attacked and driven back by a force of some 200 rebels. It was impossible for the sheriff to serve a writ without a guard stronger than 50 men. Weekly the stage is stopped, and the passengers frequently robbed in this country, where all is quiet. You are well advised that the most thorough, constant, and energetic are resorted to the suppress these outrages, but a majority of the inhabitants are intensely disloyal, and bitterly opposed to the Government; they harbor, protect, and preserve these outlaws. Our forces are, to all intents and purposes, in an enemy's country, protecting these enemies in all their rights, and [we are] so to conduct ourselves that we can hereafter live in harmony and concord with them. As we claim to be honest people, and loyal to the flag of our country,would it not be as well for the administration to change this policy and require them (the rebels) to so conduct themselves that they can hereafter line in harmony and concord with us? It is untrue that the "business welfare" of any loyal citizen is made to depend upon the whim, caprice, or prejudice of any one, but it is true that the agents and brokers of thieves and robbers find a check at the provost-

