
for assistance when the Indians are killing our women and children. All he intends to do is to hold his position at Clarksville, Tex. He has evaded all orders given him.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, March 11, 1863.

Captain P. H. WHEAT,

Commanding the First Arkansas Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: You will move your command, together with your train, unserviceable animals, &amp;c., belonging to your regiment, to Roseville, and there await orders from Brigadier- General Cabell, to whose command your regiment has been assigned. The general commanding directs that you detach a force of about 200 men, and cross them over the river and station them in the immediate vicinity of Van Buren until further orders from General Cabell. These movements will be conducted with as much speed as practicable. Let the force that is to cross the river move at the earliest moment.

By command of Brigadier- General Steele:

J. F. CROSBY,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Smith, Ark., March 12, 1863.

Brigadier General W. L. CABELL,

Roseville, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have already anticipated your wishes. Monroe's regiment, except about 200 men, move for Roseville in the morning. The 200 I have ordered to go to Van Buren, and remain there, subject to your orders. I expected to supply them with corn, though in all probability I shall be obliged to send to you at Roseville for enough to keep us going, if a boat does not come up soon. I hope you will move on Fayetteville. My information is that there are only about a thousand men there, and no cannon. The Indian brigade from Maysville is beginning to give me some trouble, and will, I fear, give me more after the mounted men are withdrawn. Colonel Phillips, of the Indian brigade, is in command of two districts, West Arkansas and the Indian Territory, so a lieutenant told me who came down with a flag.

I shall send up a flag myself in a day or two. If I learn anything more I shall communicate it to you. I have been looking for you up here. I wish to take a trip toward Red River after I see you. I have received the order for Monroe's regiment to report to you. Monroe himself has gone down on business. Please give orders, so that if I am obliged to send wagons to Roseville, they can get corn without delay; my supply is getting low. I have a large number of destitute Indians to feed, besides troops and the necessary animals. Make some arrangement to connect with the daily express, which must have a station somewhere near Roseville.

Yours,&c.,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier- General.

[P. S.]- I send a copy of charges against one of Monroe's captains. You can do as you see fit about it. He goes down under arrest.

51 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

