
the least delay possible! Your order, in the name of the President, to this effect will be sufficient to insure compliance.

I find that the assistant adjutant- general of General Holmes' command (Colonel Anderson) has given a statement to the Governor of Arkansas, exhibiting the number of regiments from that State serving in the Trans- Mississippi Department; and yet, strange to say, my office is kept in ignorance of this very fact from the want of returns from that department.

I ask your attention to this subject, and will be gratified to receive information in relation thereto, through any means you may be enabled to adopt. If you should see General Holmes, please show him this letter.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HDQRS. GREENE'S BRIGADE, MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,TRANS- MISSISSIPPI ARMY,

Camp Emmet MacDonald, March 30, 1863.

Major E. G. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Batesville, Ark.:

MAJOR: Your dispatches of to-day were received at 5 p. m. I am in receipt of a dispatch from Captain Reves to the effect that 200 of the enemy were at Doniphan, and that he saw them. I have written him to ascertain the position and movements of the main body. You will bear in mind that I am but 24 miles nearer to the enemy than when at Batesville, and that changes of an important character may occur before information could be sent from scouts at or near Pilot Knob and Rolla, which are 180 and 160 miles distant.

Your order concerning vaccination will be executed as far as practicable. I would beg respectfully to remind you that there are now absent on detached service from my command 633 men, under Captain Randall, Captain Bryant, and Lieutenant- Colonel Preston, who would not have the benefit of vaccination. I would also respectfully report that there are only 409 effective arms, of all descriptions, present in my command. With this state of facts, I shall endeavor to make the best appearance possible when the general reviews my troops. The bearer of this is detailed as a courier, to remain at Batesville.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Numbers 11. Little Rock, March 30, 1863.

I. Major General Sterling Price will relieve Brigadier- General Frost from the command of the division now commanded by the latter. On being relieved by General Price, Brigadier- General Frost will proceed to Day's Bluff, and resume command of his own brigade.

---------------

* * * * * * *

---------------

By command of Lieutenant- General Holmes:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

