
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,

Numbers 1. Little Rock, Ark., April 1, 1863.

I. In compliance with orders from district headquarters, the undersigned assumes command of the division lately commanded by Brigadier- General Frost. The occasion affords him an opportunity, of which he gladly avails himself, to express the gratification with which he returns to this department, and the proud satisfaction with which he places himself at the head of troops the excellency of whose drill and discipline he has himself witnessed, and whose courage, constancy, and endurance have become historical

II. The following- named officers are announced as constituting the division staff: Major Thomas L. Snead and Major Lauchlan A. Maclean, assistant adjutant- generals; Major Henry M. Clark, assistant inspector- general; Major Isaac Brinker, quartermaster; Major John Reid, commissary of subsistence; Major Edward C. Cabell, paymaster; Major William E. Woodruff, jr., acting chief of artillery; Lieutenant John Mhoon, engineer and acting ordnance officer; Surg. Thomas D. Wooten, chief surgeon; Surg. William M. McPheeters, medical inspector; Lieutenant Robert C. Wood and Lieutenant Richard T. Morrison, aides-de-camp, and Major John Tyler, jr., Major Celsus Price, Major Charles T. Perrie, and Major D. C. Cage, volunteer aides-de-camp.

STERLING PRICE,

Major- General, Commanding Division.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,

Little Rock, Ark., April 2, 1863.

Brigadier- General FAGAN:

GENERAL: Major- General Price directs me to say that the several brigades of this division will, in compliance with instructions from district headquarters, be prepared to move from their present position to the vicinity of Cunningham's Lake, about 6 miles distant from Little Rock, in a westerly direction.

You will, in concert with the commanding officers of the other brigades, please select and prepare an encampment at the designated point, and hold your brigade in readiness to move.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant- General.

(Same to Brigadier- Generals McRae, Parsons, and Tappan.)
HDQRS. GREENE'S BRIGADE, MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,TRANS- MISSISSIPPI ARMY,

Camp Emmet MacDonald, April 2, 1863.

Major E. G. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

MAJOR: The inclosed communication* will explain the condition of Captain Dye's company. I have written to the officer in command all that is necessary concerning the small- pox and the threatened mutiny.

The company is not under my command; I have, therefore, offered force

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

