
this morning, and states that the company had marched to Hoopman. It is his opinion that the existing difficulty is caused by the bad management of the officers who have encouraged the insubordination. I would again state that I have never received orders directing this company to report to me, and consequently have not attempted to exercise direct command of it. The case will be reported in full by Captain Wells to Colonel Shaver, who sent that officer here.

Colonel Shaver, in an order, directed me to furnish Captain Wells a force (strength not stated); but as I so not recognize the authority of that or any other officer to order me, except through the general, I refused to furnish the detail. I however, as stated yesterday, indorsed the order instructing Captain Wells to take Dye's command for the purposes heretofore named.

Constant communication is carried on between the enemy's lines in Southeastern Missouri and ours, which I regard as highly injurious to our interest. I have, therefore, ordered Captain Reves to stoop it; to permit no one to pass either way except by your authority or that of a brigade commander.

I further instructed him to allow citizens to pass living in the immediate neighborhood of Current, and who are known to him to be loyal, and traveling on important private business.

If energetic measures are taken, the enemy can be kept in ignorance of your force and movements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CAMP EMMET MACDONALD,

April 4, 1863.

Major E. G. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

MAJOR: Captain [Timothy] Reves reported this morning that he had information of 200 cavalry on the march to burn Bollinger's Mills and destroy the records of Doniphan. He asked for re-enforcements. I wrote him that his force was sufficient to defend the mill, and ordered him to do it.

This mill has capacity for grinding for 5,000 men, and is the only one between Eleven Points and Current, south of Doniphan. Fifty men ought to defend it against 150. I know the situation.

Scouts report the enemy to have retired from Ripley and Butler Counties.

There are at Patterson 500 cavalry, without artillery; at Bloomfield 1,100 troops.

I have not gotten further particulars, but hope soon to have a report of all of the enemy's forces in Southeastern Missouri.

"Roughness" holds out here longer than I expected. I have four days' rations of fodder and oats, purchased on Spring River, and shall get more. My horses are doing finely. They will be in fair condition in ten days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

