HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Alexandria, La., April 5, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith, on his way from Little Rock, was informed that an expedition was being fitted out for Arizona, under your direction. I am instructed to say that, great as is his desire to aid the patriotic people of that district, the exigencies of the service will not permit the withdrawal of any part of our forces from points more exposed to the approach of the enemy, West Louisiana and Arkansas being now threatened, and your own district likely to be subjected to evasion at any moment should its army be weakened. The general commanding, therefore, hopes that if a movement into Arizona should have been contemplated you will promptly check it, as it cannot, under existing circumstances, be authorized.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

NEAR SYLAMORE, April 6, 1863.

General MARMADUKE:

SIR: From the best information I can get, there are three regiments of the enemy foraging in and about Berryville, carrying with them four pieces of artillery. They surprised my command, under Colonel Woodson, on the night of the 2nd, recapturing a number of wagons and mules which had been captured three days before.

My command is now encamped on Buffalo, about 50 miles from this point. I will dispatch to you again as soon as I reach my command, giving you all the particulars as to the numbers and object of the enemy.

Respectfully,

J. T. CEARNAL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. GREENE'S BRIGADE, MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,TRANS-MISSISSIPPI ARMY,

On the March, April 8, 1863.

Major E. G. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Powhatan:

MAJOR: I reported last night that I had halted at a point where the old military road crosses Spring River. I have not yet found a desirable place to camp permanently. It is now raining. I shall move as soon as it ceases, and ground and water are found. I will report when the change is made.

Captain Reves is on a scout in the direction of Doniphan. I have sent a courier with orders for him to report. I would request that he be ordered to report to me for instructions, for the reason that late movements of his are, in my opinion, calculated to conflict with the movements of this army. His train and a part of his men are now camped 2 miles east of old Jackson (5 miles from me), to which place they were ordered by Captain Reves in a dispatch, stating that the enemy had again crossed Current, and were coming to Eleven Points. The officer who brought me the information expressed the opinion that it was a

