
party on a mill- burning expedition. I doubt the whole thing. This command seems to be infected with a mill burning scare.

If the rain continues, and is heavy, Spring River and Eleven Points will not be fordable. These streams rise rapidly, but fall again in three or four days.

I regret to be compelled to report that the Texas troops have taken 800 bushels of corn and 2,000 bundles of fodder brought for my command. T	his practice must be stopped; o it will result in bad feelings and conflict between the troops. I have taken no notice of this offense, believing that Colonel Cater was ignorant of the matter, and would not tolerate the practice. My agents report corn in large quantities on Eleven Points; " roughness" scarce.

Lieutenant Clark has returned from the scout to Ironton. His information will be reported to Captain Moore.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., April 9, 1863.

Colonel A. M. ALEXANDER,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: It is important that the troops under your command should be moved forward as rapidly as possible. The enemy is concentrating his force within 40 miles of this place. Time is of the utmost importance.

Your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier- General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., April 9, 1863.

Colonel[JAMES E.] HARRISON,

Commanding Speight's Regiment:

COLONEL: I am in hopes this will meet you on the road. I fear we shall want you here before you can possibly arrive. The enemy has a force within 50 miles of this place; he is, I believe, only awaiting the return of his teams, which have gone for supplies, to make a move in this direction. Come forward as fast as you can with propriety.

Your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier- General.

ORDNANCE BUREAU,

Richmond, April 9, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR; I extract from letter of March 23, from Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Brown, chief of ordnance Trans- Mississippi Department:

Captain Pierce, my assistant, informs me that Major- General Gardner seized and issued some Enfield rifles to his command that were distinctly marked for Lieutenant General

