
E. Kirby Smith. These were most likely the 500 Richmond rifles mentioned in your list of ordnance and ordnance stores sent to me. I respectfully ask your interference in any one causing stores intended for this department being diverted whilst in tranitu, and request that General Gardner be directed to report the facts attending the seizure, if made.

Very respectfully,

J. GORGAS,

Colonel and Chief of Ordnance.

[Indorsement.]

PORT HUDSON, May 17, 1863.

Respectfully returned. I have a large amount of ordnance stores at this post belonging to the Trans Mississippi Department, and they cannot be forwarded. I ordered arms to be issued of these stores to the sharpshooters of Maxey's brigade, who were without any, and the presence of the enemy requiring me to make the best use of means within my reach. I have also ordered the issue of cavalry equipments from the same stores, which are absolutely needed at this time.

FRANK GARDNER,

Major- General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., April 10, 1863.

Colonel [S. S.] ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

COLONEL: Since writing on the state of affairs in this region, Phillips forces have moved westward, and to-day I have received two expresses from the upper river, giving information that bodies of the enemy were at Fort Gibson and Webber's Falls, and that about 1,500 had crossed the Arkansas River, and were moving down.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier- General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 89. Richmond, Va., April 11, 1863.

---------------

* * * * * * *

---------------

XIII. The Missourians lately returned from imprisonment in the United States, now at Petersburg, Va., will be allowed to organize themselves into a company of infantry of the Provisional Army. After their organization, and the approval of their muster-rolls, the company will proceed to Alexandria, La., and report to Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith, for service in the Trans-Mississippi Department.

---------------

* * * * * * *

---------------

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant- General.

