
to act as a nucleus for the Indian commands that will be required to protect the people from the incursions of wild tribes.

The protection of Northern Texas properly belongs to General Magruder.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier- General.
HDQRS. GREENE'S BRIGADE, MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,TRANS- MISSISSIPPI ARMY,

Camp Marmaduke, April 14, 1863.

Major HENRY EWING, Assistant Adjutant- General:

MAJOR: I neglected to report yesterday that Captain [James] Surridge, in command of scout on Current, was informed that the Federal detachment lately at Doniphan had intelligence of your advance, and believed your force to be 7,000 cavalry. They immediately decamped on getting the information. They are now sending a small party to discover the truth of the report received. Captain Reves will give you late information from Ironton, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CAMP NEAR McELROY'S, ON ELEVEN POINTS,

April 14, 1863.

Major [HENRY] EWING, Asst. Adjt. General, Marmaduke's Division:

MAJOR: Here we are, after a hard day's travel yesterday. To-day we have traveled but a short distance. I shall to-night camp in Missouri, where I will await further orders.

You will find this a very poor country. Its resources are not what the general thinks they are. I find that these Texans have bought or engaged everything in this country. However, when their contracts are such as to interfere with my necessities, I will not regard them. I can subsist my command on as little as any one, but at the same time we require some little.

You will hear from me to-morrow night. I shall commence scouting pretty heavily day after to-morrow. From what I can learn, I believe I can find the enemy in 30 miles of here. My pickets are in Missouri to-night. As soon as I reach the line, I shall use every exertion to mount my men.

There is no important force at Ironton. It is said that McNeil is at Poplar Bluff; if he is, I will find him. We can't stay here long; I mean anywhere in this section. Plenty of water. I have had to raise all my ammunition every time I have crossed these "Points."

As I have mentioned, you will hear from me to-morrow.

Respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

[APRIL 14, 1863.-For E. Kirby Smith to Theophilus H. Holmes, ordering Walker's division to Camden, there to be in readiness to march to Monroe, see Series I, Vol. XV, p. 1041.]

