HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EASTERN LOUISIANA,Jackson, April 15, 1863.

Lieutenant- General HOLMES,

Commanding, &amp;c., Little Rock:

GENERAL: By authority from the Secretary of War, Brigadier General A. Buford is retained in this department, and Brigadier General A. Rust is ordered to report to Major General Sterling Price, Trans- Mississippi Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant- General, Commanding.

CAMP BRECKINRIDGE, GREENE COUNTY, ARKANSAS,

April 15, 1863.

Brigadier- General MARMADUKE:

I am directed by Lieutenant Colonel Solomon G. Kitchen, commanding battalion C. S. Army, to inform you of a raid now being made by the Federal troops into this portion of Arkansas. The Federals are now encamped, to the number of 260, 2 miles south of Oak Bluff (or Scatterville), Greene County, Arkansas. We have not information sufficient to tell whether there is a force supporting them farther up the ridge. We have only eighty-six guns in cam, but will remain here unless driven by the enemy, or ordered by you. Colonel Kitchen begs leave to report to you for duty, and holds himself and command subject to your orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

R. KAY,

Adjutant of Battalion, C. S. Army.

FORT SMITH, ARK., April 15, 1863.

General LOUIS T. WIGFALL:

GENERAL: When I saw you in Richmond you were kind enough to invite a free correspondence, a favor of which I have often contemplated availing myself, but have deferred from time to time under the press of business. The receipt to-day of the inclosed letter, startling in its revelations of the feelings of our Cherokee allies, and the bearing of the present state of affairs upon the welfare of Northern Texas, offers the occasion to commence the correspondence.

You will recollect that in our last conversation I preferred a new field to taking position under those who had hitherto been my juniors, owing to which preference I did not avail myself of your kind offers to place me in a position in the Virginia army. Following this idea, I reported, as ordered, to General Holmes, and by him was assigned to the command of the Indian country, which, while giving me on paper a major- general's command, and more responsibility and labor than would devolve upon the commander of a division, places me in reality in command of a smaller effective force than should constitute a brigade.

The Indians must be addressed through the medium of their present wants; hence the necessity of feeding and clothing them to keep them firm in their allegiance. In this course the Northern Government has an immense advantage, and the action of our own officers has given them

