
minition and artillery be crossed at Pitman's Ferry, which would throw them on the east side of Current, 10 miles from Doniphan. If I find this to be the case, will it be objectionable to cross the ammunition at the ferry! I know the ford at Doniphan; it is bad, deep, and rapid. Captain S. also reports that there is no forage on the stubble field road; thinks the troops which have just passed over have consumed it. I can cross below Black's Ferry and make the necessary arrangements. Captain S. is further of the opinion that it will take me two days to put my command at Doniphan (crossing included).

Young has just notified my that he will be here during the day. Nothing from [W. J.] Preston. All of Jeffers' men (armed) are with him. In ordering me to report to a given point, you will please bear in mind that it will take me two days, or nearly two, to be at Doniphan.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN DEPARTMENT,Fort Smith, Ark., April 16, 1863.

Colonel[A. M.] ALEXANDER,

Commanding Second Brigade, Camp Kianushi:

COLONEL: The receipt of letters from your command of the 11th shows no sign of movement, much to my surprise. I had supposed that the transportation of the brigade would have sufficed to move the battery and one regiment. The enemy has marched and countermarched, moving his troops over more country than would have brought you to Fort Smith. Everything hangs by a thread. We may be attacked any day without a prospect for successful resistance. If Speight's regiment has not moved when you get this, I wish it moved at once, ready or not ready, to a point indicated, and use all the transportation that can be obtained to move the remainder of the brigade to that point. In case Speight's regiment has moved, and is on the direct road to this place, move the remaining regiments to the point already indicated; that is, to a point near the forks of the road leading from Boggy to Gibson and to this place. The brigade at that point will be but little, if any, farther from Bonham than it now is, and will be in a much more favorable position, in a military point of view. I feel that every day lost may be fatal to our interests. Movements are now on foot which will be likely to produce a collision within the next three days at a point not far distant.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier- General.

Lieutenant- General HOLMES,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

SIR: I left Dardanelle, Ark., on the 5th instant, and returned on yesterday, the 16th, having gone as far into the enemy's country as Cassville, Barry County, Missouri, in the southwestern part of said State. I have to report to you the following facts in reference to the enemy: At Fayetteville, Ark., they have a post of 1,500 Arkansas militia, and

