
heeding their age or prayers for mercy, which were heard by the citizens living near by they shot and killed the doctor and the others, all of them being shot two or three times through the head and as many more times through the body. They (the Federals) then left them, and, passing a house near by, told the lady that they

"had killed four old bucks out there, and if they had any friends they had better bury them." This man Christian also tried to hire two ladies, with sugar, coffee, &amp;c., to poison Southern men lying in the brush. Christian proposed furnishing the poison and also the subsistence, and would pay them well if they accepted his proposition. The names of the ladies are Rhoda Laton and Mrs. Simms, and every word of all the above can be proven in every particular.

I have given you the above narrative of Christian's acts at the request of the public living in that section. They look to you as the avenger of their wrongs.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

JOSEPH G. PEEVY,

Captain Co. B, Hunter's Regiment Mo. Infty., on Detached Service.

[Indorsement.]

Captain Peevy is a perfectly reliable man; very cool and intelligent, and was sent by me to obtain information.

TH. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant- General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS,

Helena, Ark., April 8, 1863.

The general commanding is credibly informed that there are citizens living within this district who have, at various times, by words of encouragement to traitors and by gifts and presents to rebel prisoners of war, and in various other ways, openly evinced their sympathy with treason and rebellion. It is known, moreover, that there are at this post, and within the lines of this army, a number of Union refugees-men, women, and children- who have been ruthlessly driven from home by the rebels. The general commanding considers these suffering refugees quite as deserving sympathy and charity as are traitors and those who aid and abet treason, but he is unable to learn, after diligent inquiry, that any citizens of the class above referred to have at any time contributed to their relief. The provost- marshal of the District of Eastern Arkansas is therefore instructed to levy assessments upon such citizens, and collect and disburse the same, for the use and benefit of loyal refugees within our lines.

By order of Major General B. M. Prentiss:

JAMES O. PIERCE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

[INCLOSURE No. 2.]

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Helena, Ark., April 7 [8!], 1863.

Miss S. ALEXANDER: I am instructed by the commanding general of this district to say that, inasmuch as you have furnished clothing and comforts for rebel prisoners at this post, you must also contribute

