HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., April 22, 1863.

Colonel W. P. LANE,

Commanding Regiment Texas Partisan Rangers, Jefferson, Tex:

COLONEL: I cannot urge you too strongly to come forward at once with what men you can bring, leaving, if necessary, parties for the purpose of collecting stragglers. There is a prospect for a move north from Little Rock very soon, and I wish to move in the direction of Kansas at the same time. The force nominally under my command, if they were near the Arkansas River, would be sufficient to go to Kansas, but I fear that the disposition manifested by so many of our Texas troops to await the arrival of the enemy in Texas will interfere with any movement in contemplation. I cannot understand why men of sense cannot see that an enemy in Northern Texas would soon starve out the Trans Mississippi Department. I know of no place where he could do us more damage; yet such is the supineness of our men that the enemy now i Northwestern Arkansas and the Indian Nation could go to Texas almost without opposition. Please impress these matters upon your men, and upon the people of Northern Texas, that they may act upon the stragglers and force them into the service. You must use every exertion to arm, as far as possible, your men, impressing, if necessary, in which case receipts will be given for the property impressed.

Hoping to see you soon, I am, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier- General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., April 24, 1863.

General D. H. COOPER, First Brigade:

GENERAL: I think it would be well to move up in the direction of Webber's Falls, or to a point nearer the present scene of operations, with out waiting longer for Colonel Adair. You can take all the Cherokee troops, which, when concentrated with Martin's men and De Morse's, will give a force sufficient to hold Phillips in check until other troops can be brought forward.

Your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 6. Alexandria, La., April 24, 1863.

Until further orders, the headquarters of the Trans- Mississippi Department are removed to Shreveport, La. Commanders of districts will make their returns accordingly.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,April 26, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Little Rock:

COLONEL: I send you some reports from about Webber's Falls, which show more activity on the part of the Federals than I like to see at this time. My troops are still widely scattered, badly armed, many without

