
arms, and short of ammunition. Speight's brigade is in motion, that is, the armed and effective part, numbering about 1,000. Speight's regiment and West's battery, moving in advance of the others, should be here in a week. Major Rhett writes me that he cannot fill a requisition sent for that brigade until he receives a supply of arms and ammunition from the other side of the Mississippi. I learn from people that there is plenty of powder and lead in Texas. These should, with the facilities of importing from Mexico, and with the powder factory at San Antonio, be plenty. Some effort must be made to get some of it, or the force under my command cannot pretend to offer battle under any circumstances. The Red River is now the proper base for my operations, or a depot intermediate between it and the Arkansas. Ammunition and other important supplies cannot much longer be sent by the river unless there is a change of circumstances, resulting from operations of the troops now at Little Rock. Requisitions have been made upon Major [s.] Hart, who controls the cotton operations in Texas, but nothing can be expected from that source until July or August. I hardly know how to act in this case, but think it best to bring up and concentrate my forces, make as much display of them as possible, and thus prevent a forward move of the enemy until I have the means to make one myself. I have been acting upon this plan.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,Little Rock, Ark., April 28, 1863.

General McRAE:

GENERAL: General Price directs me to say that General Holmes has revoked the order directing the troops not to move across the Arkansas. You will, therefore, move your brigade as ordered by circular of the 23rd instant.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

[L. A.] MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant- General.

(Same to Generals Tappan and Fagan.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS- MISSISSIPPI 							DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 7. Shreveport, La., April 29, 1863.

Major W. H. Thomas, C. S. Army, is announced as chief quartermaster of the Department of the Trans- Mississippi until the arrival of Major J. F. Minter at department headquarters.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS- MISSISSIPPI 							DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 8. Shreveport, La., April 30, 1863.

All officers west of the Mississippi River, whose commands are not in this department, will report, without delay, either in person or by letter to these headquarters.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

