
[Inclosure.]

CAMP NEAR BATESVILLE, ARK.,

May 9, 1863.

Light artillery and cavalry at Batesville, Ark.: Two officers, 24 men fit for duty, four Williams' breech- loading guns, caliber, 1 ponder; 1,000 rounds of ammunition, and solid shot and canister. The men well equipped with cavalry- arms- sabers and holster pistols.

R. C. WOOD,

Commanding.

CAMP NEAR CROSS- ROADS, May 10, 1863.

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Jacksonport, Ark.:

MAJOR: I will send Major Scott to-morrow to Little Rock, via Jacksonport, under guard of a sergeant and 2 men. Scott was a private in my old regiment in the Missouri State Guard. I do not think he is a spy, but I think he is one of those visionary men who are hardly responsible for what they say. It is all humbug about his having recruited nine companies, but I have no doubt that Scott thinks he has raised them. I have ordered the sergeant to report to you for further orders. I believe that Scott will report to General Holmes at Little Rock without a guard if General Marmaduke will order him.

It will be impossible for me to subsist this brigade for any length of time between this point and Jacksonport. I can stay 8 or 10 miles from here eight or nine days by moving camp every day or two to the forage. From all the information I can get, I am inclined to think that Cherokee Bay is the only place where I can establish a permanent encampment. If the general thinks it would not be safe for me to cross Black River, I could camp on this side of the river, and have my forage brought across the river, and have my forage brought across the river at Russell's Ferry. I will be able to get forage for ten or twelve days this side of Black River, at or near Russell's Ferry.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. Q. BURBRIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CAMP AT JUDGE HINTON'S, WEST OF CROWLEY'S RIDGE,

Sixteen miles south of Harrisburg, May 10, 1863.

Major [HENRY] EWING,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Marmaduke's Division:

MAJOR: Lieutenant Walton reports that the enemy are only 4,000 in Helena, including two negro regiments. This was perfectly reliable three days ago. No fortifications except the fort, save some rifle- pits hastily made some day ago, in view of a threatened attack from Price. There is a scout of the enemy, 1,600 strong, now at Switzer's, some 20 miles from Cotton Plant, moving toward Cotton Plant, to destroy some 40,000 pounds of bacon there belonging to us.

Dobbin, with 700 men, is 10 miles above Marianna, on the west side of L'Anguille River, and 40 miles from this point. The enemy are 20 miles west of him, and either are moving toward Cotton Plant or else propose to come from Switzer's, via Military road, to Taylor's Creek, crossing L'Anguille River at Seaburn's Bridge, so as to flank Dobbin. Walton is at present with Dobbin. Received dispatch from Dobbin

