
last night, requiring me to re-enforce him. Have sent a select scout toward Wittsburg, so as to protect my left flank, and have moved the effective men of my brigade by Seaburn's Bridge toward Marianna, sending a scout before me. Dobbin will post me of the enemy's movements. I will join him to-morrow morning. Greene will send with me 600 men and his guns. Greene and myself have secured shops, iron, and forge, and have our details at work in the shops making shoes and nails. We also have horses and men who cannot travel with trains at this point. I hope to surprise and capture the enemy. If successful, I shall return immediately and carry out my original orders. I have taken every precaution to prevent surprise,, and to have the work of repair and recuperation proceed without delay. Greene's force, Dobbin's, and my own, will amount to 2,000 men and six guns. I have furnished Colonel Greene with a map, and he will copy it and forward to you. I have couriers on the route. The scout of 1,600 is included in the estimate of the 4,000 at Helena. The enemy at present does not know of my presence here. I have acted with the best lights before me, and hope my action will beet the general's approval.

No news from Memphis. The enemy cannot re-enforce in that direction.

I have forage engaged for three weeks.

I am, major, very respectfully,

G. W. CARTER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS- MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, May 11, 1863.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding, &amp;c., Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant- General Smith directs me to say that when he left Little Rock he was under the impression that you intended sending Speight's brigade down here for the purpose of transferring them for General Price's command. Under this impression he inferred there was no urgent necessity for them on Red River.

Your dispatch was not received until Speight's brigade had nearly reached Jefferson, and boats had been ordered to meet them. The exigencies under which they were ordered were great. Under the circumstances, you must take steps to supply their place from your command. Colonel Lane's regiment was at Jefferson, unarmed; it is now at Natchitoches. If you can arm them, they will be sent at once to Boggy Depot.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier- General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS- MISSISSIPPI 							DEPARTMENT,

No. 11. Shreveport, La., May 11, 1863.

I. Captain C. S. West, assistant adjutant- general, is assigned to duty as assistant inspector- general upon the staff of the lieutenant- general commanding.

II. Until further orders, rations will be issued in accordance with the table published by the chief of subsistence of this department.

III. All soldiers belonging to commands east of the Mississippi River who are now in this department, absent without authority, or whose

