
leaves of absence or furloughs have expired, will immediately report in person at one of the following depots, viz: In the District of Arkansas, at Camden, Ark.; in the District of West Louisiana and Texas, at Shreveport, La.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., May 13, 1863.

General D. H. COOPER,

First Brigade, Indian Department, near North Fork:

GENERAL: All the information I get from Northwestern Arkansas and Southwestern Missouri is that Phillips is retiring north. If you cannot learn positively whether this is so or not, make a strong demonstration, if you can cross the river, to bring out his force. I have to-day information from two sources that Phillips has gone north. One says he crossed Cowskin at Covey's Ferry a few days since, and went into Newton County, and on in the direction of Fort Scott.

Your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier- General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., May 14, 1863.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH,

General Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: This will be handed you by Colonel [T. C.] Bass, who has been commanding on the Indian frontier. From his representations, made to the President as well as to myself, it appears that discontents have arisen among the Indians from several causes, which it would be well, as far as you may find practicable, to remove.

The President, after his conference, sent to me a memorandum covering the points deemed by him to require special attention, and I inclose you a copy,* that they may more specially claim consideration and remedy from you. In addition, Colonel Bass represents that much stress is laid by the Indians on the presence and control, with superior rank, among them of General Cooper, who has long been known to them as Superintendent of Indian Affairs. Some representations have reached us imputing occasional intemperance to this officer, and hence hesitation has been felt in appointing or retaining him in that position. Should your opportunities allow, it is desirable you should ascertain the fact, both as to such alleged habits and to the degree of importance attached by the Indians to his continued superintendence among them. Colonel Bass is commanded to your consideration, and you may find him useful in giving a proper appreciation of the true state of affairs among these tribes. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs will visit the Territory in the course of a few weeks, and he will be instructed to confer with you fully on the subject of the Confederate relations with them.

With high esteem, yours,

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

