
a movement of your division are countermanded. You will remain at Crane Creek until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

The general desires me to add the request that you send out and collect in all the forage possible.

Very respectfully,

WM. M. WHERRY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, January 28, 1863.

General W. P. HALL, Jefferson City:

MY DEAR SIR: I have no idea of removing Guitar while he carefully administers his district consistent with my order. I saw some newspapers complaints of his arrest of Union men, but, knowing his general good sense, I trusted he would carefully adjust the matter, as I understand he did. I wish he had his regiment near him, and I do not know how soon I may order it back to the north side. The rebels do very well while we have force always to take them by the throat, but the Union men fear a renewal of devilment the moment occasion offers.

We must retain a steady, strong government everywhere while the war continues. In the main,however, the State is quiet. The rout of the rebels on the Upper and Lower Arkansas has terribly crippled their resources, but they cannot be effectually followed up till boats can be procured to constantly run on White and Arkansas Rivers. Everything is now moving on Vicksburg. Other movements contemplated by me are suspended until supplies can be carried by water up the Arkansas. Of course, the peace of Missouri depends very much upon the success of our arms in driving the rebels below the Arkansas River, which can soon be done when we have the gunboats requisite to hold those rivers, which must be our main line of defense. I hope you will run that legislature machine in the right loyal channel. If you can elect a true man to the Senate, and dispose of the negro question, you will be immortal, and the State will be forever safe and prosperous. I am glad to see you have meetings, which bring together all the true Union men. Such meetings will secure final unity of action. Four months have now transpired since I was unexpectedly,and without my desire, placed in command of his department. It has been a most laborious and difficult position, as you very well know. My troops have everywhere behaved nobly, and success has continued to follow my commands. For all this, I am sincerely thankful to the Ruler of nations and armies. The people, too, have everywhere evinced patriotic foreberance. The political issues pending in your legislative councils, especially those involving the fate of slavery, have divided the people considerably, and created fear, jealousy, and bickering; but they are conducted with more moderation than I had reason to apprehend. Prudence and patience will wear through all this, but the times require constant and universal vigilance in every quarter and in every branch of the public service.

Hoping that your councils may be guided by wisdom, and fully accomplish the patriotic desires of the people, and convince other border States that Missouri is unquestionably loyal, I remain, general, very truly, your obedient servant,SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

