
Please do not show this letter to any one, for "the truth should not be spoken at all times."

Please send me some papers, and write me all the news.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

LEE CRANDALL.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,My 16, 1863.

Colonel JOSEPH O. SHELBY:

We will be compelled to move camp to-morrow evening, or next day morning at farthest, on account of forage. If we are to remain on this side of Cache River any length of time. I propose to move the brigade to the forage which has been procured on White River. But if we are not to remain on this side of Cache more than two or three days, I think we had better move to forage in direction of the other camp east.

Let me hear from you to-morrow, and oblige,

G. W. THOMPSON,

Commanding Brigade.

BATESVILLE, ARK., My 16, 1863.

Major HENRY EWING,

Asst. Adjt. General, General Marmaduke's Div., Jacksonport:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge your respected favor of the 14th instant, desiring my co-operation with the force sent by you under Major [D.] Shanks to move toward Salem or vicinity in quest of the enemy reported there. From information obtained of my own scouts, and other reliable sources, must deem the report untrue. I had an interview with Major [Benjamin] Elliott and Major Shanks relative thereto, the result of which was, we deemed it unnecessary that my command should accompany. Had there been any reliability or confirmation of the report, I should have most cheerfully accompanied your force, and would assure you of my disposition to co-operate with you at any time, most willingly, when necessity may arise.

I am, major, your most obedient,

R. C. WOOD,

Commanding Light Artillery and Cavalry.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, May 18, 1863.

S. H. COOPER, Brigadier- General:

GENERAL: Your letter inclosing Stand Watie's report was received last night. I shall wait anxiously for further information. If Phillips goes up and crosses the Arkansas above you, I am afraid we shall have to fight him before we are ready to do so. Avoid an engagement, if such should be the case, as long as possible, to get time for the troops from this place to join you.

Your directions will have been answered by last courier, directing you to send to Bonham for ammunition. The powder brought from San Antonio is all tested before being used; it will be well to have the cartridges you have filled with that powder. The musket caps would have been sent to you, or most of them. I have directed some lead

