
which was forwarded to me from Bonham to be stopped at Scullyville and sent to you; there is about 1,100 pounds. West's battery has gone on with Speight. All the battery with you. Are there not a few shot and shell at McCulloch which can be fixed! The cartridges with the howitzers are entirely too small, and the powder is not good. Have it looked to.

I have five companies in Washington and Benton Counties. I have moved Carroll's regiment (all that are not detached) to the prairie beyond Scullyville, and have ordered a company of infantry to Riddle's, to protect the flour which has accumulated there. I wish, as far as possible, that you would draw flour from that place, as there has been much more sent there than I think advisable.

Direct your quartermaster to establish some express stations on the route to this place, for more rapid communication in case of necessity. In addition to having written for yourself on the subject of arms, I made a requisition for twenty five hundred stand not long since. I fear that we have all than can be obtained from Little Rock. Captain [J. F.] Crosby may possibly get a few arms, but I doubt it. We must do the best we can with the means now in our hands, if, indeed, these are not taken away. I learn, unofficially, that Lane's regiment has gone to Louisiana. General Cabell, who is familiar with the country, says the place mentioned in your litter to fortify is as good a one as can be found.

I know nothing of [T. J.] Mackey's assistants. Defenses against such artillery as Phillips has are not difficult to make; rifle-pits and sufficient barricades to prevent a sudden rush are the first things to be attended to. I have no engineers with me. Colonel Long can give you some assistance in selecting your ground; also Captain [R. W.] Lee.

Your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier- General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., May 19, 1863.

General S. COOPER, C. S. Army,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I regret much to make the treatment I have received as commander of this department a subject of complaint, but I cannot, in justice to myself, rest quiet under the official indignities I have lately received.

When I reported to General Holmes, in December last, I was assigned to a command in the Indian country after it had been offered to other brigadiers and declined. The country was destitute of nearly every thing, and its resources exhausted. The troops given me were so much demoralized that they had, most of them, been distributed among other troops to keep down their insubordination. I have been allowed by Lieutenant- General Holmes great latitude in my operations (perhaps greater than my rank would justify), and, in consequence, I had been enabled to get a portion of my troops in a position where they could be used to advantage. When, in accordance with the plans I had determined upon, I ordered Speight's infantry brigade to move from the points on Red River where I had been obliged to send it to procure supplies, and when all the armed men were en route almost half way to this

