
place, it was diverted from its destination by orders sent direct to the brigade commander. The only battery I had in my whole command was thus taken from me, it having been attached to the infantry brigade. Since that time I have learned that Lane's cavalry regiment, which some months ago had been ordered to Red River to collect its stragglers and refit (having lost everything in the operations of General Hindman last winter), has also gone to Louisiana, under orders direct to the colonel of the regiment. Of these orders, though given in the first instance a month since, I have had no notice whatever from the authority whence they emanated.

The propriety of diverting these troops it is not my province to criticize. I can only say that it prevented a movement which I had contemplated, and which Lieutenant- General Holmes coincidently recommended, and which, I believe, would have relieved the Indian country of the enemy's presence. But it is not of that I complain.

I have been treated with indignity in having troops withdrawn from my command during the operations of a campaign, by orders to my subordinates, without a copy or even a note of explanation.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier- General.

CAMP GRAHAM, NEAR GAINESVILLE, ARK.,

Wednesday, May 20, 1863-5 p. m.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Provisional Army of the Confederate States, Little Rock, Ark.:

DEAR GENERAL: I have just returned from a ten days' scout through Southeastern Missouri. I wrote to you from Clarketon several days ago, and sent the letter to this camp to be forwarded by the courier, but upon my return I learn that the letter was never received her, and therefore I will mention the subject of the letter again, although it may still reach you.

You have seen the call for the convention to meet on the 15th of June. Mr. Bartlett and Judge Hough are in our reach, and will either go to or remain from the convention as you may desire, I saw Mr. Bartlett, and can correspond with Judge Hough, and probably you would like to correspond them upon the subject. Elections have been ordered to fill vacancies, and Mosely is a candidate in the Madrid district.

I made a speech in Bloomfield, on the 12th, to the citizens of Stoddard County, and assured them that the actions of the men on the Marmaduke raid would not be approved by you, and that we had conversed about the matter, and I knew your sentiments, and that you would not war upon old men and women and children. I am sure that I did some good, at least I hope so. I send you the papers as late as the 13th instant. It seems that Van Dorn has been killed. The report at Madrid was that Grant had been driven back. I went within a few miles of New Madrid and remained there two days. I was disappointed in not getting recruits, but many promised to come as soon as the corn is laid by. I will go over to Jacksonport in a few days, that I may hear from Mrs. Thompson, and I may go on down to Little Rock, if I cannot have her brought up. Respects to the staff.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON.

