
Your dispatch for Major General J. G. Walker has been received. If General Walker is willing to relinquish his present command, he will be sent to you.

If General Rust has been assigned to duty in this department, he should certainly have reported at these headquarters. If his orders are not from the War Department at Richmond, you are directed to order him back to the headquarters from which his orders emanated, unless you have need for his services, in which case you can assign him to duty.

By command of Lieutenant- General Smith:

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier- General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., May 24, 1863.

Major W. B. BLAIR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General, District of Arkansas:

MAJOR: I am in receipt of reliable information to the effect that a force, consisting of two regiments Pike's Peak and one regiment Kansas troops, left Springfield about the 17th instant, to re-enforce Phillips; also that Cloud was at Bentonville a few days since, where he made prisoners of Lieutenant [J. V.] Lee, of Carroll's regiment, and 5 men. Cloud's command consisted of 350 men, with two howitzers and two rifled guns. The want of artillery will be a great disadvantage to us, the enemy being greatly superior in number and size of pieces.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier- General.

FORT SMITH, ARK., May 24, 1863.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: I am just in the receipt of reliable information that two regiments Pike's Peak troops started from Springfield on the 17th, and one regiment Kansas, to re-enforce Phillips. Cloud was at Bentonville with 350 Kansas troops, two howitzers, and two rifled guns. He took a lieutenant and 5 men prisoners, and left, going toward Camp Walker or Pineville. He is probably bound for Phillips with the remainder of the Sixth Kansas. I think it will be well for you to send a large well mounted scout up the west side of Grand River. Probably the burning which Lieutenant Dismukes speaks of at Gibson was the destruction of buildings outside, which might afford protection to riflemen. Captain Cabell, writing on the 20th, says the wagons (ammunition) will start early in the morning to General Cooper.

It is useless to apply for cannon. I have exhausted every means in my power to that end without success, unless Captain Crosby succeeds, as I see that General Magruder was expected back from the Rio Grande on the 13th. I soon shall know if he succeeds or not. Pack saddles were ordered sent to Boggy; if they have arrived, you can get what you want. Three hundred were ordered to be made.

Your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier- General.

