
I supply myself with arms and ammunition from the enemy without much difficulty. I herewith send you a report of operations since leaving the Arkansas River.

I remain, yours, &amp;c.,

T. R. LIVINGSTON,

Major, Commanding Confederate Forces.
HEADQUARTERS CARTER'S COMMAND, May 30, 1863.

Major HENRY EWING, Assistant Adjutant- General:

MAJOR: Inclosed find letter from Colonel Kitchen,* reporting the movements of the enemy above. I have written to him, directing him to picket Chalk Bluff, placing his command at an intermediate point, accessible to forage and water, between Chalk Bluff and Brown's Ferry; than to picket Brown's Ferry. Have informed him that I should report to division headquarters for instructions relative to re-enforcements, &c. If Kitchen's statement is reliable in every particular, relative to the force of the enemy and forage, and if the enemy should move to Brown's Ferry, there is but one of two courses to pursue, to wit, re-enforce him, so as to enable him to keep his forage and subsistence, or else remove the major portion of the command to this point, leaving for picket duty on Upper Saint Francis only such number as may be able to find forage and subsistence. With my present light, the latter course seems to me to be most judicious. Before doing either, however, I recommend that more certain and later news of the enemy's force and movements be obtained.

I respectfully ask for instructions in the premises. It is about 110 miles from this point to Chalk Bluff. You will find in an open envelope a communication addressed to Major [W. B.] Blair.* Please submit the papers to General Marmaduke, and request him to give them such indorsement as he may deem proper, before forwarding them to Little Rock. No news additional of the enemy's movements, either from Memphis or Helena. Men and horses recuperating. No news from Vicksburg in addition to that already given. Greene's men and horses also rapidly improving.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. W. CARTER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[MAY 30, 1863.-For Smith to Pemberton, in reference to co-operation, see Series I, Vol. XXIV.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS- MISSISSIPPI 							DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 14. Shreveport, La., May 30, 1863.

Colonel S. S. Anderson, assistant adjutant- general, having reported for duty, is announced as assistant adjutant- general, Trans- Mississippi Department.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

[MAY 31, 1863.-For Johnston to Smith, in reference to succor of Port Hudson, see Series I, Vol. XXVI.]

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

