
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CONSCRIPT BUREAU,
 TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 1. Shreveport, La., June 3, 1863.

By virtue of General Orders, Numbers 15, the undersigned hereby assumes command of conscripts of the Trans-Mississippi Department.

* * * * * * *

E. GREER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 4, 1863.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES,

Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 30th ultimo,* inclosing the correspondence between yourself and Major-General Curtis, of the United States Army, relative to the alleged murder of Confederate citizens in Missouri, has been received and laid before the lieutenant-general commanding, who directs me to say he has referred the whole subject to the authorities at Richmond.+ In consequence of the time that has elapsed since the alleged murder, he thinks the effect of retaliation now could not be as salutary as if made at an earlier day.

I inclose you a letter from Lieutenant-General Smith to Major-General Curtis, which he wishes you to forward as soon as practicable, under flag of truce.#

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 4, 1863.

Honorable C. G. MEMMINGER,

Secretary of the Treasury, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to recommend that you make some arrangement to supply this department regularly with the necessary funds, when the present amounts in the hands of disbursing officers are exhausted. All communication between this point and Richmond is now attended with great hazard, and, owing to the superior naval force of the enemy on the Mississippi, it is liable at any time to interruption and, possibly, may be entirely suspended. To provide against the last-named contingency, I respectfully suggest that the notes paid into the hands of receivers, collectors, and depositors be reissued, under proper restrictions, as a part of the monthly issue of $ 50,000,000 authorized by the last Congress. I make this suggestion because I find no law prohibiting the reissue of the notes, and more especially for the reason that in this way my department may be supplied with a large portion of the requisite funds, without the Government running the risk or incurring the expense of sending them across the Mississippi.

In anticipation of your action on this subject, I have issued a circular to the depositaries in this department, requesting them to retain, with

* Not found.

+ See Smith to Cooper, June 3, p. 852.

# See Smith to Curtis, June 3, p. 307.

