
as I did in my pervious letter, and which appears to have been entirely overlooked by the lieutenant-general commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,June 8, 1863.

Major General STERLING PRICE, Commanding, &amp; c., Jacksonport, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Lieutenant-General Holmes to say that, if the enemy are not threatening you from the north, you will send Colonel J. O. Shelby with his brigade to Fayetteville, as soon as it can be made ready. Colonel Shelby will there receive orders from Brigadier-General Steele, regulating his further movements. As soon as the brigade moves, General Holmes wishes to be informed by you of the fact.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. HINSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ON THE ROAD, June 8, 1863.

General STERLING PRICE, Commanding Northeastern Arkansas:

DEAR GENERAL: I am started this morning to visit you, but my ambulance broke, and I am obliged to return. My object in coming was to see if we could with propriety attack Helena. Please inform me whether the condition of your troops will justify the attempt.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Jacksonport, June 9, 1863.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note written "on the road," dated the 8th of June, and regret that accident prevented your arrival here. In regard to the condition of my troops, I am glad to say that they are now fully rested and in excellent spirits. General Marmaduke also reports his command to be in efficient condition. He reports to me this morning the following number: Total present, Shelby's brigade, 1,561; Greene's brigade, 1,122; Burbridge's brigade, 1,089; Kitchen's battalion, 286. In all 4,058. Of these, many are out on outpost duty. Carter's brigade, now attached to General Walker's command, is reported 1,170 total present. From the most reliable information General Marmaduke can obtain, the enemy have not more than from 4,000 to 5,000 at Helena; and were a movement conducted with celerity and secrecy, by which you could concentrate the commands of Generals Frost and Fagan with this column, I entertain no doubt of your being able to crush the foe at that point.

I have the honor to inclose two communications from Colonel Carter and one from Colonel Coleman, & c.*

[STERLING PRICE.]

* Not found.

