HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., June 9, 1863.

General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Northeastern Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have this moment received an order directing me to send at least a brigade of cavalry to the Mississippi River. Please send the inclosed order* to Colonel Carter. This will probably render it necessary for you to stop the movement of Shelby, as ordered yesterday. You will use your discretion, though. If S. [Shelby] can be spared, his aid is greatly needed by Steele. Please inform me by return courier whether you will send him.

I am, general, very respectfully,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., June 9, 1863.

Major General STERLING PRICE, Commanding, &amp; c., Jacksonport, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Lieutenant-General Holmes, commanding District of Arkansas, to say that, in case Brigadier General L. M. Walker shall not have assumed command of the division recently assigned to him, you will order Carter's brigade Texas cavalry, with its battery, to proceed to Pine Bluff, Ark., with the least delay practicable. At Pine Bluff Colonel Carter will receive special instructions.

In case Walker should have assumed command of his division, the lieutenant-general desires you to forward the inclosed communications* (one to Brigadier-General Walker and one to Colonel Carter) by special courier to each, if necessary, and so that they will reach the respective officers to whom they are addressed with the least delay.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. BLAIR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 10, 1863. - For Smith to Johnston, in reference to succor of Port Hudson, & c., see Series I, Vol. XXVI.]
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,June 10, 1863.

Major W. B. BLAIR, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt at noon to-day of your communication of June 8 and two of June 9 instant. Your orders to Brigadier General L. M. Walker were immediately forwarded by special courier. In view of the fact that you have left the movements of Colonel Shelby's brigade discretionary with me, I have thought it best to delay any disposition of them for a few days, at least until the plans of the enemy should assume a more definite shape. From all information I can obtain, a movement is contemplated by the enemy in my

* Not found.

