
front. The activity at Rolla and Ironton indicates some action on their part, which, however, I believe designed merely as a move down the river.

I have the honor, &amp; c.,

[STERLING PRICE.]
HEADQUARTERS FORT SMITH, ARK.,June 11, 1863.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER, Commanding, & c.:

GENERAL: I have just received your note relative to Stand Watie and [L. M.] Martin. I heard, accidentally, that they were at Beattie's Prairie, near Maysville, a few days since, and I have sent information of the rise in the river to them. Any demonstration I can make now will be too late to do any good. This is the first intimation I have had from you of being on the north side of the river. A more full correspondence is absolutely necessary. Small parties as pickets have been pressed a good way toward Gibson from this place. You do not now advise me of Colonel Watie's force, or his object, or when he left, or when he is expected back.

Very respectfully, & c.,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 13, 1863.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding District of Arkansas, Little Rock:

GENERAL: I inclose you a copy of a letter to Colonel Waldo P. Johnson, authorizing him to go into the State of Missouri and organize twelve months' volunteers. General Smith directs me to say Colonel Johnson represents to him that there are many bands of guerrillas in Missouri whom he thinks would be willing to join a regular organization for the period of a year, and, as he much prefers such an organization to an irregular one, he hopes thereby to be able to get the services of a considerable force. At any rate, this is the only way in which these men can be obtained. Should the experiment fail, no harm can come of it. Moreover, at the expiration of the twelve months they will all be liable and subject to conscription.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 13, 1863.

Colonel WALDO [P.] JOHNSON,

Shreveport, La.:

COLONEL: I am directed by Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith, commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department, to say you are authorized to go into the State of Missouri, and there enlist and organize for twelve months companies (volunteers) for the service of the Confederate States. These companies may be either infantry or cavalry, and when a sufficient number of either arm have been raised to form a regiment, they

55 R R - VOL XXII, PT II

