
for $ 20 per gallon, making about $60 out of one bushel of corn. It is the wish of the majority of the people that there be a stop put to it, which we submit to his consideration.

There are several applications by Missourians to become members of my command. My company being full, I cannot take them without permission to raise another company. You will please let me know what I shall do in regard to it.

Yours, respectfully,

T. REVES,

Captain, Commanding Independent Company Missouri Scouts.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S RESERVE DIVISION,June 15, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Price, for his information and action.

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Crowley's Ridge, June 13, 1863.

Major L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Price's Division:

MAJOR: General Marmaduke, being quite unwell this morning, indeed confined to his bed, directs me to say that, upon arriving upon the ridge, he found every thing quiet and progressing satisfactorily; Greene's brigade showing an effective total of between 1,400 and 1,500 men.

The country is filled with rumors of skirmishing and fighting in and around Vicksburg and Port Gibson, and the general is satisfied that the enemy is re-enforcing as rapidly as possible. Thirty transports, filled with troops, passed down the river two nights ago. There are no movements in the direction of either Memphis or Helena, and late intelligence from Colonel Kitchen says that there are no Federals in Missouri south of Cape Girardeau and that line.

A detachment of 250 men and a section of artillery start this morning to the Mississippi River above Memphis, for the purpose of firing into transports and annoying the enemy generally.

Papers and information are expected from Helena and Memphis this evening, and will be sent down.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,June 14, 1863.

Major L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Price's Division:

MAJOR: I have nothing of special importance to communicate. All is quiet here. No movements or indication of same by the Federals inland. A scout from the Mississippi River, 30 miles above Memphis, reports ten transports passed two days ago, going south, loaded with negro troops. I am firmly of the opinion that all troops that can be

