
spared are being sent to re-enforce Grant; that New Madrid, Memphis, and Helena are very weak.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 15, 1863.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR, Alexandria:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding, in acknowledging the receipt of the report of your operations opposite Vicksburg, to say that you have decided wisely in retaining Walker in Northern Louisiana, at least for the present. He regrets that you were not better supported in carrying out your plans. He does not understand General Hawes' conduct; it demands an investigation. I inclose an extract of a letter from General Johnston;* he urges a movement for the relief of Port Hudson. The commanding general is confident you will do all in your power to relieve the garrisons at both places, and spare no efforts to throw in supplies when an opportunity offers.

The suggestion of the Secretary of War relates to interrupting the communication on the Mississippi above Vicksburg. Two brigades of cavalry with artillery have been sent by General Holmes below the mouth of the Arkansas River for that purpose.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS DISTRICT,Little Rock, Ark., June 15, 1863.

[General PRICE:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have received information that the enemy in Helena are even less numerous than was indicated to you. Please make no movement to separate your command until you hear further from me, but have everything in readiness to move on Missouri. I will probably be with you on Wednesday night.

I am, general, very respectfully,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,Jacksonport, Ark., June 15, 1863.

Colonel JOSEPH O. SHELBY:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that you will, without delay, proceed with the cavalry portion of your brigade to Fayetteville, Washington County, Arkansas, and there, or wheresoever he may be, report to General Steele for duty. Collins' company of artillery you will at once order to this point, to report to these headquarters.

I have the honor, &amp; c.,

L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

* Probably of May 31. See p. 860.

