
you adopt to obtain a supply of arms cannot be too vigorously prosecuted, and I respectfully request attention to the requisitions of my ordnance department.

I inclose a copy of a letter received at this point from Mr. L. L. Moore,* and have given instructions to the commanders of detachments on the river with a view to carrying out the plan introduced in it.

[STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.]
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,Jacksonport, June 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General MARMADUKE,

Commanding Cavalry, &amp; c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to direct you to order immediately a force to the Mississippi River, at some point below Memphis, for the purpose of interfering with and injuring, as far as practicable, the enemy's transportation of supplies and troops; this force to consist of one regiment, or, at least, 400 men, with one section of Collins' battery, consisting of one rifle gun and one 6-pounder; all heavy baggage to be left behind at some depot to be established by you, and communication to be kept open and frequent with the commanding officer and these headquarters. I have also to state that, under instructions from the lieutenant-general commanding, Colonel Shelby's brigade has this day been ordered to report to General Steele. Collins' battery has been ordered to this point. You will so dispose of the remainder of your brigade as to keep the approaches and roads which Colonel Shelby now guards thoroughly picketed, and require that reports be regularly forwarded from all outposts, with a copy thereof direct to these headquarters, if thereby time can be saved. You will require the necessary requisitions to be made out for ammunition and forwarded to the chief of ordnance without delay.

Be so good as to state what commanding officers and troops have been sent above Memphis, as well as those detailed on this, and let them each be made aware of the other's presence, that they may co-operate.

[L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,
 Shreveport, La., June 155, 1863.

Numbers 19.

I. The following-named officers are announced upon the staff of the lieutenant-general commanding: Major C. E. Carr, assistant quartermaster, chief of pay department; Major W. H. Haynes, assistant quartermaster, chief of clothing bureau; and Captain B. W. Marston, assistant adjutant-general, assistant inspector-general.

II. Major J. F. Minter, chief quartermaster, Trans-Mississippi Department, having reported at these headquarters, will enter upon the duties of his office in place of Major W. H. Thomas, acting chief quartermaster, relieved.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

* See Pritchard to Maclean, June 15, 1863, p. 869.

