
Mississippi above Lake Providence, to break up the Federal system of planting, and to annoy, and, if possible, destroy their transports.

General Holmes telegraphs he can take Helena. He has been ordered to take it.

The report of General Taylor's operations opposite Vicksburg is forwarded.

I am, with sincere respect and esteem, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 16, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I send, by Colonel Ives, a return of the troops of this department, omitting those of the District of Louisiana, which have not as yet been received, but which will be forwarded as soon as received. The regimental returns of a portion of Lieutenant-General Holmes' command, and the muster-rolls of a portion of Major-General Taylor's command, are also forwarded. Orders have been sent for muster-rolls of all the regiments, to be forwarded at once. I send also the brigade returns of the troops in the District of Arkansas. The division of Major General J. G. Walker (Texas troops) has been transferred to the District of Louisiana, which accounts for its not appearing on the returns from the District of Arkansas. I hope in future to be able to transmit regularly the returns of the troops of my command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[JUNE 16, 1863. - For Smith to Cooper, in relation to negroes taken in arms, see Series II.]
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,June 16, 1863.

Brigadier General J. S. MARMADUKE:

GENERAL: You will, without a moment's delay, countermand the marching orders given yesterday to Colonel Shelby's brigade. They will remain where they are until further orders.

[By order of Major-General Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,Jacksonport, June 16, 1863.

J. S. MARMADUKE, Brigadier-General, &amp; c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that you will meet him, with all your available force, at Cotton Plant, on Friday, June 26, 1863. You will leave the unarmed men, together with 30 armed men of your forces, under charge of a suitable officer to guard the ferry. You will take with you such rations as you can con

