
vey, not exceeding twenty days'. Only ammunition and supply trains, and such wagons as are necessary to carry cooking utensils, will be allowed. The troops will march without baggage, except one blanket.

[By order of Major-General Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., June 16, 1863.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER, Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: I send you copy of instructions given to General Cabell. Should there be any movements of Phillips affecting this command, or should he evacuate, you will send information to me at speed, and endeavor to send to General Cabell by a more direct route. The opinion is prevalent that Cabell's brigade is for duty in Northwestern Arkansas, and nowhere else. This idea I have encouraged, believing that the opinions of the community here are carried to the enemy, hoping thereby to have Phillips' powers of resistance measured by your power of attack, without reference to the troops in Northwestern Arkansas.

Your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., June 16, 1863.

Brigadier General W. L. CABELL:

GENERAL: I wish you to assemble all the mounted portion of your brigade in Washington County, except Fitzwilliams' company, with a view to operate upon the line of the enemy's communications with Fort Gibson. Bring together, as soon as you can, all the detached battalions and companies that can be made available, and, by spies or small parties, try to ascertain when a train will be going down; then move upon it, capture it, and destroy it if there is any risk of a recapture. It is believed that Phillips cannot stay a long time at Gibson, unless he receives supplies. As you go up, you will have relays of animals at convenient points for the rapid transmission of intelligence. General Cooper will follow, in case of the evacuation of Gibson, sending speedy information of the fact, in which case you will endeavor to impede the movements of the [enemy] in retreat, until both brigades can bear upon him. You will avail yourself of any carelessness on the part of the enemy to capture any of his small commands that are scattered over the country, whenever it can be done without losing sight of the principal object, viz, to prevent supplies going to Fort Gibson.

Very respectfully, &amp; c.,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., June 17, 1863.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding District of Arkansas, Little Rock:

GENERAL: By a report from Major Lee, commissary of Brigadier-General Steele's command, it appears he is feeding about 9,000 indi

