HDQRS. GREENE'S BRIGADE, MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Camp near Wittsburg, June 17, 1863.

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jacksonport:

MAJOR: Colonel Campbell reports that his advance failed to draw out the enemy; whereupon he, with a light detachment, went down to the river, opposite Memphis, and made some demonstration on the levee. A picket-boat steamed up and came toward the shore, but did not land. He will move his force down this morning.

I inclose charges against Graham, a citizen, residing near Memphis. He is reported as a bad and dangerous man. Colonel C. [Campbell] sent him in.

It is estimated that over 40,000 men went down to Vicksburg during the past ten days, consisting of Burnside's troops from Kentucky and Herron's division from Missouri. The troops have all been withdrawn from back of Memphis, except from Corinth. None at Bolivar, Jackson, &amp; c.

I am now satisfied that Grant has not retired from the front of Vicksburg, which is closely besieged. Johnston is at Black River Bridge. Banks still invests Port Hudson, and, notwithstanding corroboratory statements, it is doubtful that Kirby Smith has crossed the river. I can hear nothing of the Milliken Bend affair, and doubt it entirely. I send late papers. We hear heavy firing in the direction of Memphis.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., June 17, 1863.

Brigadier General W. L. CABELL, Fort Smith:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter of this morning. The length of your stay on the north side of the river will be governed by circumstances which may arise. One object that I hope to obtain is to find out what effective force you have. Hill's and Crawford's battalions, with the two regiments and battery, are, I think, large enough to accomplish the object indicated. Sending an infantry regiment would prevent the rapidity of movement essential to the object in view. The order was given after a careful consideration of the circumstances, and will not be changed unless new ones arise.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE POST QUARTERMASTER,

Jacksonport, Ark., June 18, 1863.

Major [L. A.] MACLEAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to copy a letter received from L. L. Moore, agent of the express line, dated Mississippi River, June 16, 1863, 10 p. m.:

MISSISSIPPI RIVER, June 16, 1863 - 10 p. m.

Captain PRITCHARD:

I have delayed until now, waiting for Ingram, agent of the Jackson (Miss.) line. Have, up to this hour, heard nothing from him. I have no positive news from

