
Vicksburg. On the river it is reported that we are still safe, and our army confident. Chalmers is at Byhalia, Miss. I have tried to get the Memphis papers of the 14th, but failed. Parties who read them report nothing new, and all quiet. River reports say Rosecrans has gone to Vicksburg. Yesterday five boats passed down with troops (1,500). The boats going up, until this evening, were either hospitals or empty. To-night (10 p. m.) five have passed up; three heavily loaded; could not see what with. I inclose a register, kept each day from daylight till 10 p. m. While writing this, four boats have met and passed in view of this point. There is more activity to-day than usual. No gunboats have passed. On all transports, I am told, are one or two pieces of artillery; very few troops visible. What fine service for a regiment of cavalry, with a battery, or even a section of artillery! We could render our hard-pressed friends at Vicksburg great service. The capture of one transport here (Walnut Bend) or at Council Bend would stop transportation for two days, at least, which might be all-important. The channel of the river here is not over 600 yards from shore, and boats oftener run in 250 yards than beyond that distance. At Council Bend, I am told, it is quite as near, and more room in the rear for retreat, but retreat would not be necessary at all, in case flat-boats can be had on the Saint Francis, to cross artillery, and the horses could swim at a hundred places. There is plenty of corn and bacon to feed a regiment a month here, over and above supplies for the citizens. Most of the families and negroes are gone. There are no gunboats convoying the transports. Two pieces of artillery, 5 miles apart, could stop any transport passing up or down.

This is a list of transports:

UP.

June 13. - City of Memphis, light; Izetta, with 100 prisoners and three hospital boats.

June 14. - Luminary, empty, and Warner, empty.

June 15. - Ike Hammet, barge and cotton; tow-boat Wilson, two barges; Evansville, cotton; ---, light; Sultan, light; City of Alton, light, and Black Hawk, light.

June 16. - Six transports, three loaded (at night).

DOWN.

June 13. - Two tow-boats, with coal, hay, &amp; c.; one large boat (night), and four tow-boats.

June 15. - Five transports with troops.

June 16. - City of Memphis, Luminary, Atlantic, and two transports, with commissary stores.

L. L. MOORE,

Agent Line of Couriers.

This is forwarded for your information.

I am, major, respectfully,

J. K. P. PRITCHARD,

Captain and Acting Quartermaster.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, Jacksonport, Ark., June 18, 1863.

Numbers --.

I. Price's division will be prepared for an attack upon Helena, and will rendezvous, by the most practicable routes, at Cotton Plant on Friday, June 26, 1863. That portion of the cavalry now on outpost duty will not be embraced in this order, but will continue in the execution of existing orders.

II. Fagan's brigade will be prepared for an attack upon Helena, and will, by the most practicable route, reach Clarendon on Friday, June 26, 1863.

III. Generals Price and Fagan will give the necessary instructions to supply their commands with at least twenty days' rations.

IV. Only ammunition and supply trains and such wagons as are necessary to carry cooking utensils will be allowed. The troops will march without baggage except one blanket.

By command of Lieutenant-General Holmes:

JOHN W. HINSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

