HDQRS. GREENE'S BRIGADE, MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,June 19, 1863.

Major [HENRY] EWING, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I am informed by Colonel Campbell, whose information is received through a source entitled to serious consideration, that the enemy is concentrating a heavy cavalry force at Ironton, 6,000 to 7,000 strong, with a view to a raid into Arkansas. The force is commanded by General Jeff. C. Davis, and will march the last of this or the first of next week. I consider the information of sufficient importance to send a courier at once.

Our late experience in Missouri would lead to the belief that the enemy holds in hand a large cavalry force in that State, and I noticed a reference to this fact in a late Federal paper. The point was the same as that named above, at which this force was said to be; and their recent successes in Mississippi (Grierson's) and Tennessee might encourage them to undertake this expedition. Large quantities of forage and a great deal of beef-cattle can be obtained east of Saint Francis River, and it is my opinion that that den of smugglers, negro thieves, deserters, and dealers in counterfeit money should be thoroughly scourged. Colonel C. [Campbell] again reports that much damage can be done to the enemy on the river with a battery of 6 and 12 pounder guns, and with safety. What shall I do with the large number of prisoners now under charges of desertion, counterfeiting, &amp; c.? Shall I send all the citizens against whom the charges seem to be well founded to Little Rock; and can a guard be furnished anywhere between here and there?

I should state that the person bringing the information above mentioned is two days from Saint Louis.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, & c.

P. S. - We greatly [need] ammunition of all kinds.
HEADQUARTERS,Little Rock, Ark., June 21, 1863.

General STERLING PRICE:

GENERAL: I have the sanction of General Smith for our operations, and also a letter from the Secretary of War, advising or suggesting it. I have no further suggestions to make, except that, instead of going to Cotton Plant, you had better go immediately to Switzer's, or, as it is called on the map, Oakland Post-Office, leaving Cotton Plant to your right.

Please say to General Marmaduke that I have his appointment, dated back to November. Use him and his cavalry to stop all intercourse with the enemy. Fagan is ready and in high condition and spirits.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-General.

MISSISSIPPI RIVER, June 21, 1863 - 4 a. m.

Captain [J. K. P.] PRITCHARD:

I can get no papers. Three tow-boats have passed down since Wednesday, one of them light. Seven passed up light. The steamer Dove

