
went down last night; came up to-day with one piece of artillery, 40 men, and the horses harnessed. Rumors in lieu of news. Three men crossed here this evening. They reported heavy fighting at Vicksburg Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, and firing heard on Monday morning. No particulars had reached Jackson when they left. The Yankees came to Hernando last Thursday, and a party went within 3 miles of Senatobia; also a party of them as far down as Grenada, to burn the railroad bridge. Dobbin and Young within 12 miles of Helena.

Respectfully,

L. L. MOORE,

Agent of Express Line.

[Indorsement.]

[Major L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

MAJOR: This is all of importance that came by this line last night.

J. K. P. PRITCHARD,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., June 22, 1863.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding, &amp; c., Jacksonport, Ark.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to inform you that full authority is granted you to return to duty any person in your command under arrest whom you may so desire.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

W. B. BLAIR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Jacksonport, Ark., June 22, 1863.

Major-General PRICE,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have this moment received a dispatch from Captain Reves, which I inclose. I send this dispatch to-night, as I deem it an important one. You will remember that Colonel Colton Greene has twice written me on this subject - the facts about the same as Reves sends; that Greene's informant was (as he says) just from Saint Louis, and a reliable man. I have previously informed you that I thought the Federals would make a cavalry raid. I am now almost convinced of it, and as the preparation is made at Ironton, and not Rolla, I think they propose to march on Batesville or Jacksonport, and perhaps farther south. I have put Burbridge in command of the outposts (Colonels Coleman and Wood excepted, as they are not under my orders), and have informed him of Greene's letter; have also advised him of your forces moving toward Helena. I leave here early to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

