
[Inclosure.]

CAMP ON CURRENT RIVER,

Four miles above Doniphan, June 21, 1863.

General MARMADUKE, Jacksonport:

GENERAL: Scouts returning from 6 miles of Ironton report 6,000 Federals there, nearly all mounted, and they are trying to mount all; 1,000 at Bailey's, 8 miles from Patterson, on the Ironton road; they are cavalry also; 100 at Centreville, in Reynolds County, all lying still, sending out no scouts. It is rumored there that they are preparing to go northwest. They are expecting us to attack them daily.

T. REVES,

Captain, Commanding Independent Company of Scouts.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI CAVALRY REGIMENT,Camp at Russell's Ferry, June 22, 1863.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Frontier, at Jacksonport, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have just received a dispatch from Colonel Kitchen, who saw the Saint Louis Republican of the 16th. Lee has invaded Pennsylvania with a force estimated at 90,000. Chambersburg, Pa., and Hagerstown, Md., are in our possession. Lincoln calls for 100,000 militia to repel the invasion. Federals are moving their supplies from Aquia Creek to Alexandria, and have changed their base of operations. A battle is daily expected there. No change in matters at Vicksburg. Rebel privateers are making sad havoc with Federal shipping on the Atlantic. My scouts report but few Federals at Rolla and Ironton. All the regular troops have been sent to Vicksburg. I have given strict orders to all my outposts to allow no one, under any circumstances, to pass north. I will use every precaution to prevent the movement of our army at Jacksonport from being known by the enemy. If an advance is made in this direction, I will harass and impede his progress as much as possible. I have built a good bridge across Black River at this point, and my wagons are now crossing upon it. If I should be ordered to leave this point, I think it should be sent to Jacksonport.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. Q. BURBRIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding Outposts.

MISSISSIPPI RIVER, June 22, 1863 - 8 a. m.

[Captain J. K. P. PRITCHARD:]

CAPTAIN: I fear the report of the Federals between Panola and Grenada true. I have nothing from Ingram yet. The steamer Dove passed up last evening, and at 11 o'clock last night shelled my friend Clampett's place, in Council Bend. No damage done. I heard thirteen shots here very distinctly. It is 8 miles from here to Clampett's by land and 23 by water. I rode through, beating a boat that passed here the same time I started three-quarters of an hour. Artillery is firing on a boat here. Could go across the point and prepare for action at Clampett's before the boat could reach there. So, if we failed to catch her at one point, we could make another trial at the other. The channel is near shore at both places. A quick and energetic commander could

