
do wonders here. Colonel Campbell is too high up, or we want another body of troops here.

The gunboat that went down as a convoy this morning had very heavy guns, twelve in number. She is new and formidable in appearance. Also a large barge, with six heavy cannon and stocks on it.

I have no reliable news from Vicksburg. Rumors confirm a three days' fight. Grant badly whipped, and asked for an armistice of three days to bury his dead. Johnston replied that he was in command of the boys now, and that they had commenced in earnest.

L. L. MOORE,

Agent [Express] Line.

[Indorsement.]

[Major L. A. MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

MAJOR: This is a copy of Moore's dispatch to me:

PASSED DOWN.

June 21. - Gunboat, twelve guns; ordnance boat; Jacob Strader, troops; Prima Donna, troops; White Cloud, ordnance; Liberty, quartermaster's stores, and Orderly, light.

J. K. P. PRITCHARD,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI CAVALRY REGIMENT,Camp at Russell's Ferry, June 23, 1863.

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, in the Field:

MAJOR: A scout of 100 Federals came to Thomasville, Mo., on last Friday, and destroyed several mills in that vicinity. They evidently were on a robbing expedition, and after a few hours' stay retreated in the direction of Rolla. All quiet in the direction of Ironton. No one will be allowed to pass my lines going north until further orders from General Marmaduke. I am using every effort to induce the enemy to believe that our army at Jacksonport is preparing to move into Missouri; stopping all communication will have that effect. Federals from Ironton are sending no scouts in this direction. That looks a little like they are massing their forces for a forward move, but I will keep a close watch upon them. I think as soon as things develop themselves on the Mississippi River that they will move in this direction. I would like to have authority, in case this happens, to order Colonels Wood and Coleman to join me. Colonel Wood has four small guns that could be used to some advantage. Success attend you.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. Q. BURBRIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding Outposts.
HDQRS. GREENE'S BRIGADE, MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Camp near Wittsburg, June 23, 1863.

Major HENRY EWING, Assistant Adjutant-General, Jacksonport:

MAJOR: I shall move to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock. From my line above Helena on the river, I learn that Grant made three assaults

56 R R - VOL XXII, PT II

