
upon Vicksburg on the 15th instant, and was repulsed with heavy loss - loss greatly exceeding his late disasters. On the 14th and 15th, Johnston marched from Canton and Jackson with a heavy train of ammunition and provisions for Vicksburg. Bowen and Walker command the advance; Breckinridge the rear.

Southern accounts report that A. P. Hill, with the Stonewall Corps, totally defeated Milroy, and drove him across the Potomac with great slaughter.

It was rumored last night that the enemy landed a considerable cavalry force near Memphis, on this side, yesterday. I immediately started two reliable men to ascertain the facts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

MISSISSIPPI RIVER,

June 23, 1863 - 4 a. m.

Major [L. A.] MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just returned from a 12-mile ride and across the river after news. I send you for General Price the Memphis Bulletin of the 20th. No tidings from Ingram yet. Last night a fire was seen directly east of here; to-day we have news of the Federals in 2 1/2 miles of Commerce, burning every house as they pass. Chalmers fired into three boats last Thursday; struck one boat nine times in eighteen shots, once in her boiler. Chalmers had a fight with the enemy between Hernando and Nonconnah; killed 20, wounded 30, and captured 60 prisoners and 100 horses. This I believe reliable, as I heard it from different sources, one direct from Memphis and the other at Austin. Rumors that the Federals last Thursday burned Panola; no particulars. Dr. Dunn's son, from Helena, says it is common talk among the citizens there that Grant has been badly whipped at Vicksburg, and is completely surrounded. The citizens are wishing every day for General Price to come with his forces to the Mississippi River and close in on all below. A large force here could do it, and prevent the destruction of their property on the river, while a small force would only exasperate them and cause them to destroy all the property in reach of them. The country between Saint Francis and Mississippi has never been drawn on for provisions, and is the most plentiful portion of Arkansas I have yet seen, and you know I have had some opportunity of knowing. Most of the planters have moved off, leaving all their corn, and in many cases their bacon. This and Council Bend are good places to fire on boats. I would like to see two heavy pieces of artillery here, with a regiment to support them.

L. L. MOORE,

Agent [Express Line].

[Indorsement.]

MAJOR: This is the latest, and copied at midnight. I forward all your mails.

Respectfully,

J. K. P. PRITCHARD,

Captain.

