
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,

Numbers 1. In the Field, Clarendon, June 26, 1863.

I. The movements against Helena will be under the immediate direction of the lieutenant-general commanding the district.

II. Major-General Price, with the forces now under his command, will constitute the first column, and will march from Switzer's, on the direct road to Helena, keeping his cavalry well in advance. He will communicate with headquarters at the close of each day's march. Brigadier-General Fagan's and L. M. Walker's brigades will constitute the second column, of which Walker's brigade will be the advance, and will rendezvous at a point hereafter to be designated. Fagan's brigades will march on the lower Little Rock road.

III. On the march the troops will be kept well in hand, and regimental and company commanders are made responsible that no man leaves the ranks without the permission of his company commander. A violation of this will be followed by the immediate arrest of the delinquent officer.

IV. The trains will be so ordered that they cannot interfere with the operation of the troops, who must always be ready to form line of battle at a moment's notice. The chief quartermaster of the first column and the quartermaster of Fagan's brigade will have charge of the trains, except the ordnance wagons, of their respective columns. They will be aided by the brigade and regimental quartermasters, the latter being required to remain at all times with their respective trains.

V. The chief medical officer of the first column, and the senior surgeon of Fagan's brigade, will have the control of the ambulances of their respective columns. The ambulances will be kept with the brigades to which they belong, and will not be used for any other purpose than the transportation of the sick and wounded.

VI. Captain R. M. Gaines, jr., is announced as chief quartermaster of field transportation on the staff of the lieutenant-general commanding.

By command of Lieutenant-General Holmes:

JOHN W. HINSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Clarendon, June 27, 1863- 8 a. m.

General STERLING PRICE, Commanding Column:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Fagan moved forward this morning, and will be at Trenton on Monday. I will proceed to Trenton at once, where your answer to this will find me. I sent a courier to you yesterday, who has not returned. Please keep me advised daily of everything connected with your command. Until otherwise advised, you can find me at Trenton.

I am, general, very respectfully,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,Camp near Bayou de View, Saturday, June 27, 1863- 1 p. m.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have already informed you of the unavoidable delay of my command by the extraordinary rains of the last four days. I arrived at and crossed Cache River with my cavalry on Thursday morning, and

