
ordered General Marmaduke to encamp that night at Switzer's. This he did. The infantry was, however, in consequence of the rapid rise of Cache River, unable to finish the crossing of that stream with their trains before 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon, having fasted from daybreak of the previous day. I had meanwhile caused Bayou de View to be bridged, and the bottom on each side of it to be causewayed, as also Caney Creek; but the very heavy rains of yesterday and last night raised both the bayou and the creek so much as to sweep away the bridges, and to render the bottoms utterly impassable. Large working parties, limited only by the number of axes and tools in the command, have been kept constantly employed, and I am using every energy to the repair of the bridges and road. I hope to get over Bayou de View to-night or to-morrow. I shall have then to wait for the fall of Caney Creek, which is swimming, and which I have no means to bridge. The citizens of the vicinity inform me that it generally becomes fordable within twenty-four to forty-eight hours after the rains cease. I shall not depend upon its fall, however, but will do all my limited means make possible to cross it. I have reduced my transportation to the very least possible amount, and can move rapidly whenever the waters will permit me to move at all. General Marmaduke, remain in the neighborhood of Switzer's with Greene's and Shelby's brigades.

I have, general, the honor to be, with the greatest, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Camp Cache River, June 27, [1863.]- 1 p. m.

Major [L. A.] MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Price's Division:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that my train is now across Cache, and that General Parsons is crossing, and will soon be over.

I remain, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McRAE,

Brigadier-General.

BAYOU DE VIEW, June 27, 1863.

Major [THOMAS L.] SNEAD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: In consequence of yesterday's and last night's rain, the bayou is rapidly rising, and repairs that would have cost twenty-four hours' labor will now require forty-eight, provided it trains no more. The cavalry and train have all crossed but it will be a physical impossibility for the infantry train to get over. There is a ferry- boat that can put over four wagons the hour.

Very respectfully,

JOHN MHOON,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Switzer's, June 27, 1863.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Price's Division:

MAJOR: Greene's brigade is camped 5 miles beyond this; Shelby 3

miles beyond Greene, both on the Helena road, via Moro. There is no

