
forage in this country, nor where Shelby and Greene are now camped.

I learn that I can get forage, and, perhaps, meal and beef-cattle some 20 miles from here, on the Helena road. I will still be some distance from General Walker's force, which is picketing all approaches to Helena. I desire to move my command to the point where I can get forage and subsistence, and at the same time I can effectually stop all passing to and from Helena.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[P. S]. -Nothing heard from General Holmes, Fagan, or from Helena.

Please send any letter for me or my division.
HEADQUARTERS, June 27, 1863.

Major HENRY EWING,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The scout sent to Memphis report no enemy on this side in that direction. They left Marion day before yesterday, and heard heavy firing toward Memphis. It is supposed that Forrest had attacked the place. He captured a force sent out the day before. Citizens at Marion, just from the river, heard the fire of small-arms. Captain Randall informs me that during our demonstration near Memphis, troops were sent from Helena, which returned to that place since he made his last report, and gave rise to the rumor that Helena was re-enforced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COLTON GREENE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

MILITARY SPECIAL ORDERS, EXECUTIVE DEPT. OF MISSOURI,

Numbers 12. Little Rock, Ark., June 27, 1863.

I. Colonel Waldo P. Johnson, of the Provisional Army of the Confederate States of America, having been authorized by Lieutenant-General Smith, commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department, to go into the State of Missouri and there enlist for twelve months volunteers companies for the service of the Confederate States, authority is hereby granted to Colonel Waldo P. Johnson by himself, or his agent thereof by him appointed in writing, to impress, in the name of the State of Missouri, and on its credit, all supplies which he may deem necessary or useful in his recruiting service.

II. Whenever supplies are impressed under this order, a written certificate shall be given to the person from whom the same are impressed, setting forth the quantity, description, and marked value thereof, the person from whom and the place at which are taken, that the same are impressed under this order, and that compensation will hereafter be made thereof evidence of the loyalty of the owner thereof to the State of Missouri and the Confederate States of America during the present war.

III. A full and accurate account shall be rendered to the quartermaster-general of the State of Missouri of all property impressed under this order, specifying, as far as possible, the supplies used before and those used after the muster into the Confederate service of the company to which the recruits receiving such supplies may belong.

