
IV. Every appointment by Colonel Waldo P. Johnson of an agent under this order shall be accompanied by a copy of this order, certified by Colonel Waldo P. Johnson, and no such agent shall have any authority to appoint any sub-agent unless expressly thereto authorized in writing by Colonel Waldo P. Johnson.

THOS. C. REYNOLDS,

Gov. of Missouri and Commander-in-Chief Missouri State Guard.

[Indorsements.]

JUNE 27, 1863.

Having authorized Colonel Edward B. Hull to recruit in the State of Missouri, he is hereby authorized to exercise the following powers, granted in the foregoing order of Thomas C. Reynolds, Governor of the State of Missouri, to wit: When he recruits troops for the Confederate service, he is authorized to impress provisions for his men and forage for their teams, and also the necessary transportation, keeping an accurate account of the amount taken and the disposition made of the same, being careful in all proceedings to conform strictly with the provisions of said order.

WALDO P. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Missouri Infantry.

Colonel Hull is authorized to empower as many as six persons to impress supplies, in compliance with the foregoing order.

TYLER, TEX., November 2, 1863.

Captain Chambers is authorized to exercise the powers granted in the foregoing order for all troops raised under my orders.

E. B. HULL,

Colonel on Recruiting Service.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Trenton, June 28, 1863-3 p. m.

General STERLING PRICE:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have just heard from Fagan; he will be here to-night. I sincerely hope you will be able to move soon and rapidly, but always in perfect order, and without haste or disorder. In the mean time keep Marmaduke well in advance toward La Grange, where I am assured there is plenty of forage. This disposition of him will protect your left and front, and enable him to relieve Walker's pickets toward the Saint Francis, so far as pickets are necessary to prevent persons from going into Helena. I have directed General [L. M.] Walker to withdraw all his pickets from that direction. His brigade is 4 miles east of Big Creek, on the Little Rock road; his pickets close to Helena. I wish you to march your infantry and artillery on the Spring Creek road, and we will all assemble at its junction with the Little Rock road and make our final dispositions. Marmaduke will rejoin you from La Grange at that point by a road called "Scrouge-about" road. Please direct him to keep his scouts well out toward the Saint Francis River and Helena. Please be particular to notify Marmaduke, so as to keep him in the advance, and let him precede you.

I am, general, very respectfully,

TH. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-Please let me hear from you daily.

