HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,Camp five miles east of Switzer's, Monday night, June 29, 1863.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES:

GENERAL: I have delayed writing until I might inform you with some degree of certainly as to my future movements. I succeeded in getting all my trains across Caney to-day, and both Parsons and McRae are now in camp at this place. I shall endeavor to make a move by to-morrow night, though it is possible that I may not be able to do so. I was compelled to make this detour in order to head an impassable creek to the direct road.

You will perceive from the inclosed letter from General Marmaduke, (which is fully confirmed by the report of the officer whom I sent forward to examine the road), that a part of my to-morrow's intended march may be difficult. General Marmaduke's letter will also advised you of his movements and present position. I also inclose the latest intelligence than I have received from Mississippi. The letters are from a very reliable person. I shall detain the courier until daybreak.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

AT CROSSING OF FLAT CREEK BAYOU,

ON HELENA AND MORO ROADS,

Five miles from Switzer's, June 28, 1863-9 a. m.

Major [THOMAS L.] SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have reached this point this morning, and find this bayou here a quarter of a mile wide, 50 yards of which is swimming water. The citizens say that this route cannot be passed by infantry wagons and artillery under two days, and I do not think it can be bridged. They (the citizens) report that there is a route which can be forded to-day, viz, the left-hand end of the Military road as you enter it at Switzer's. Travel this for 6 miles, to the house of Mr. Moore; just beyond his house a road turns to the right, crosses Fork near its head, and 5 miles beyond it intersects with the Helena and Moro roads. This they report as the only present practicable route. They also report that after crossing Flat Fork there is no creek or stream to obstruct the movement of your troops except one stream that is already bridged well enough to pass wagons and artillery. My troops are already on the march to Moro.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION.

Five miles east of Switzer's, Monday, June 29, 1863-p. m.

Brigadier-General MARMADUKE,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The general directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of this date, and to communicate to you the following extracts from General Holmes's dispatch to him, dated yesterday afternoon:

Keep Marmaduke well in toward La Grange, where I am assured there is plenty of forage. This disposition of him will protect your left and front, and

