
enable him to relieve [L. M.] Walker's pickets toward the Saint Francis, so far pickets are necessary to prevent persons from going into Helena. I have directed General Walker to withdraw all his pickets in that direction. His brigade is 4 miles east of Big Creek, on the Little Rock road; his pickets close to Helena.

Marmaduke will rejoin you from La Grange, at the junction of the Spring Creek and Trenton roads, by a road called the "Scrouge-about" about. Please direct him to keep this scouts well out toward the Saint Francis River and Helena.

Parsons and McRae are both encamped here, and we will endeavor to get to Moro to-morrow night, though it is possible that we may not get beyond the creek. News from Panola, as late as the 23rd, states that Vicksburg and Port Hudson still hold out, the enemy having been repulsed twenty-seven times at the latter place. Ewell gained a complete victory over Milroy at Winchester, taking him prisoner, with 6,000 or 7,000 men.

I am, general, very truly, your friend and servant,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Camp near Moro, Monday, June 29, 1863.

Major-General PRICE,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have this moment received a dispatch for you, which I forward herewith. Also a letter to me from General Holmes, saying he has ordered me by way of La Grange to the junction of the Spring Creek and Little Rock roads (which is some 10 miles from Helena.) I cannot communicate with you in time to get your orders and then make the march; hence I will move forward on the route indicated.

General Holmes is at Trenton, 15 miles from Helena. Fagan expected there on the night of June 28. My command is now camped 27 miles from Helena, on the Spring Creek road. The La Grange road is to my left. Between here and Helena is Lick Creek (10 miles from Helena), over which, on the Spring Creek road, there is no bridge, it having been burned. My command crossed Big Creek (which is 5 miles northwest of Moro) yesterday. It is a bad crossing; deep water and mud for three-fourths of a mile. The creek is falling rapidly. I hope to hear from your at the earliest moment.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-A citizen has this moment reported to me a better route to cross Big Creek. He says he crossed the creek with a wagon this morning; that it is not much out of your way; the water not near so deep; the road (country) not near so bad at present; but he says a large train will cut up this road. The infantry will certainly finds this the best route. To get to the new bridge, take a left-hand road near Mrs. Golightly's (2 1\2 miles from the bridge, on main road), and strike the main road on this side of bridge, near Moro. The citizen who gave me this information promises to meet you and point out the road.

The courier from General Holmes who brought me the dispatches will remain here (Window Brooks') till your bearer of dispatches returns.

I send you dispatches by my orderly.

