
Gibson, with orders to go until they met the train, which would not have been done had there been with it the large force that is represented.

Your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIANA TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., June 20, 1863.

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: Your mail is just received, with letters of 27th. At the same moment I am in receipt of letters from General Cabell, which I send you. The gun which Captain Carroll speaks of is not here, nor has it been since I have been here.

I do not think that the force coming down with the trains is as large as is represented. The fact of sending out a force to meet it is evidence that the escort is not considered by them as of sufficient strength to protect it. If you can cross the Arkansas above, and Grand River is high, you may yet intercept this train. It may be that Blunt will leave the train to come with a small escort, coming himself by another road, cross the river above, and attack your camp while most of the troops are absent. All these chances must be looked to. I have instructed General Cabell that as soon as it is ascertained positively that Blunt has gone to re-enforce Phillips, he must move to join you.

Your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., June 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General CABELL, Commanding:

GENERAL: I am instructed by General Steele to say to you that, from information received to-day, he deems it advisable, and you will at once proceed, with all your available force, to the Grand Saline, on Grand River, and, if possible, cross the river there or below, and effect a junction with General Cooper's force in that neighborhood before General Blunt, with his command, can reach there. General Cooper has been ordered to send all the force he can spare to meet you at the above point, or near there, and to communicate with you at once. General Blunt, is reported, by [T. R.] Livingston, to be at Baxter Springs, with 2,000 men, including the negro regiment, four pieces of artillery, and a train of 200 wagons, which, the expressman thinks, will not move from that place before to-day.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. G. DUVAL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, June 29, 1863.

General COOPER, Commanding:

GENERAL: I am instructed by General Steele to say that you will at once dispatch as large a force as you can possibly spare to watch the

