
movements of the enemy, and, if possible, form a junction with General Cabell at Grand Saline. General Cabell has been ordered to proceed to that point immediately with his whole force. A courier, just in from Livingston, which he left on the 25th instant, reports Blunt at Baxter Springs, with 2,000 men, including the regiment of negroes, and four pieces of artillery. The train was there, consisting of 200 wagons, which the expressman thinks, owing to the condition of the roads, did not get off before to-day. Bass' regiment will leave here to-morrow or next day, with orders to report to you. I send you the dispatch received from Major Livingston.

Very respectfully,

B. G. DUVAL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] RICHMOND, June 30, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: From all the information I have been able to get, there is little or no chance for me to obtain active service on this side of the Mississippi River. Even if there was, I am sure I can be more useful in the West, provided the President will give me there a command independent of General Holmes and General Price. The relations between General Holmes and myself have always been perfectly kind and friendly. I have the highest respect for his honesty and purity of character, but his lack of system and a fixed policy would always destroy my usefulness under him. As for General Price, I apprehend that no officer can serve where he is without lending himself to factious schemes and losing sight of discipline, or else becoming involved in endless disputes.

All the troops under General Holmes and General Price, except a single regiment raised by the former, were raised and organized, or drawn from Texas, under my orders and arrangements. They number fifty-six regiments of white troops and the complement of batteries. What I, therefore apply for is this: To be assigned to a command to be known as the "Western Department," consisting of the Indian Territory and the counties of Benton, Madison, Carroll, Washington, Franklin, Crawford, Sebastian, and Scott, in the State of Arkansas, with a division composed of the Arkansas troops now in the Trans-Mississippi Department. The Indian troops would, of course, be included, but they are useless in the field. I believe their interests and our own would be promoted by keeping them habitually on furlough. It might be best for the protection of citizens on both sides of the line to include also the remaining counties in Arkansas which join the Indian country. As to the disposition and movement of my white troops, except, perhaps, one brigade, which the treaties require to be kept in the Indian country, I prefer the order to specify that I am to be subject to the orders of Lieutenant-General Smith, while in other respects I should report directly to Richmond. The plan is the same as that adopted as to Generals Johnston and Pemberton. With these arrangements, and funds in sufficient amount to pay off the troops for at least two months upon my arrival, and to pay in cash for subsistence, forage, &amp;c., together with the prompt payment of the annuities, I feel confident of my ability to make the Confederacy stronger among the Indians than at any time heretofore. Giving me the Arkansas troops, which amount to four brigades,

