
would still leave to General Price a division of Missouri troops as strong as mine, and to General Holmes a corps composed of Price's and Walker's divisions.

It may not be improper for me to refer to the supposed impression that the clamors against me in Arkansas represented the body of the people. I think I know the people of that State as well as any man living. Still louder denunciations were heaped on me before the war by the same faction, and yet, as the elections invariably proved, more than three-fourths of the people sustained me. I am confident that is the case now. As to the troops, it is certain that my popularity with them was very great, and constantly increasing, after the battle of Prairie Grove. Even since I left them the officers of my old division, from brigade commanders down to subalterns, have unanimously passed resolutions expressive of their attachment toward me and their strong desire yet to serve under me.

I feel that this application presents the only remaining chance for me to be really useful in this war. If it be granted, that indorsement by the Government will fully recompense me for the labor done while commanding the Trans-Mississippi District, and will counteract the injurious impression made against me by the late Secretary of War, in stating to Congress, on September 5, 1862, that I was no rightfully in command west of the Mississippi River. I beg to say further that the kindness of giving me the command applied for will always be gratefully appreciated, and that I shall endeavor faithfully to carry out the President's wishes.

Allow me, general, to express to you the sense of obligation I have toward you for the extreme kindness shown me while here, and to hope that I will not be considered as presuming on that in making this application.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. HINDMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,Camp at Moro, Tuesday, June 30, 1863-3 p. m.

General MARMADUKE,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: General Price directs me to say that you will move to-morrow morning toward La Grange, conformably to the order given in the extracts from General Holmes' orders, forwarded to you this morning from this officer by your orderly. (Letter Numbers 1.) Parsons' and McRae brigades will encamp to-night this side of Big-Creek, on the upper road, and to-morrow at your present encampment. You will please cause the roads to be repaired from the vicinity of your present encampment to the point at which your route diverges from this road.

News from Mississippi, to the 25th instant, is to the effect that Grant attempted to storm the works at Vicksburg on the 20th, and was repulsed, with a loss of from 7,000 to 10,000 killed, our loss being about 500 killed; such is the report. General Chalmers sunk two transports below Memphis a few days ago and disabled another. Bowen has been made major-general, to take rank from May 1.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.t

