HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,Camp at Moro, June 30, 1863-9.15 p. m.

J. S. MARMADUKE, Brigadier-General, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The courier by whom the dispatch of last nigh (Numbers 1.) was sent this morning, ought to have reached your headquarters this forenoon. Another courier was dispatched at 4. 30 this p. m., with orders for you to move toward La Grange to-morrow, conformable to General Holmes's orders. The general directs me to say that whilst he does not feel at liberty to change the directions of your march as ordered by General Holmes, you will order Greene's brigade to remain near the intersection of the La Grange road with this until further orders. You will yourself move as ordered, with Shelby's brigade, toward La Grange, in the morning. Parsons and McRae have encountered greater difficulties in passing their trains over Big Creek bottom than were anticipated, and they will hardly beyond this point to-morrow. Please send the inclosed dispatch to General Holmes to-night, as it relates to your movements in particular. The general will establish his headquarters near Spring Creek to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,Camp at Moro, Tuesday, June 30, 1863-3 p. m.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES;

GENERAL: I have ordered Marmaduke to move toward La Grange to-morrow morning, conformably to the order given in your letter Numbers 14. Parsons and McRae will encamp this p. m., on this side of Big Creek, and from 4 to 7 miles of this place. I will encamp to-morrow night, with my infantry and artillery, near the point at which the Paradise road, leading to La Grange, leaves this.

Letters from Mississippi, &c.

I am, general, &c.,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,Camp at Moro, June 30, 1863-10 p. m.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I inclose a dispatch, which I have just received from General Marmaduke, and respectfully call your attention to the closing paragraphs. I had already ordered him, conformably to your instructions, to move to-morrow morning toward La Grange, with his entire force; but, in view of the facts stated in his communication, and of the fact that Parsons and McRae have found the roads so difficult to-day that they will not be able to get beyond this point to-morrow, I have just ordered him to let Greene's brigade (1,650 effective total) remain at Spring Creek until I hear form you, whilst he will proceed with Shelby's toward La Grange. I will establish my headquarters near Spring Creek in the morning.

I am, general, &c.,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

57 R R-VOL XXII, PT II

