
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S CAVALRY,Camp at bridge over Spring Creek, 27 miles from Helena.

June 30, 1863.

Major [THOMAS L.] SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Price's Division, in the Field:

MAJOR: I forwarded a dispatch to you on yesterday, saying that I had received a dispatch from General Holmes, stating that General Price would order my division forward on the La Grange road. Supposing that General Holmes was not aware of the distance my command was in advance of the infantry, I deemed it proper to advise him of this fact, at the same time placing my command under marching orders for this morning. About 11 o'clock last night I received an answer to my dispatch to General Holmes, to await your orders at my present camp. Hence I am not marching to-day. I am picketing all the roads in the surrounding country, permitting neither ingress nor egress to or from Helena.

I have been informed that the bridge over Lick Creek, 15 miles distant (ahead), has been destroyed. I learn that a bridge can easily be built across it in three or four hours, sufficient to cross wagons, artillery, and troops. I have sent an engineer forward to examine and report upon the same. I do not deem it prudent to push a party forward to build the bridge until the army advances.

General Holmes (15 miles from my camp.0

Nothing late or reliable from Helena, Memphis, or Vicksburg. One of my officers, who was opposite Memphis five days ago, says he heard artillery and small-arms firing in Memphis. Late I learn (not reliable) that our troops hold Memphis, the Federals retiring to their fort out of town.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JUNE 30, 1863.

Brigadier General J. S. MARMADUKE, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: In obedience to your order of even date herewith, I proceeded down the Helena road to Lick Creek, a distance of about 14 miles, and found that two spans of the bridge had been burned, the balance of the bridge being in bad repair. I would think it advisable to build one about 30 yards below the site of the old bridge, using the flooring of the old bridge to floor the new one, there being plenty of plank there to answer that purpose. There is plenty of timber standing convenient to the banks of the stream from which to obtain sills. With the material which I found there, and with the assistance of 100 men, I could construct a substantial bridge in two hours.

Colonel Dobbin's outpost, consisting of 25 men, is stationed, I am informed, about half a mile east of the stream. There is about 10 feet of water in the stream, but I am told that it will run down to a fordable height in two or three days.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. J. LAWRENCE,

Captain and Acting Engineer.

