
point 5 to 10 miles beyond La Grange, in the direction of Helena. He further directs that on the morning of the 2nd of July you march, by way of the "Scrouge-about" road, to the junction of the Spring Creek and Little Rock roads. In the march you will conform to the instructions contained in the extract below from General Holmes' dispatch to General Price;

Keep Marmaduke well in advance toward La Grange, where I am assured there is plenty of forage. This disposition of him will protect your left and front, and enable him to relieve Walker's pickets toward the Saint Francis, so far as pickets are necessary to prevent persons from going into Helena. I have directed General Walker to withdraw all his pickets in that direction. His brigade is 4 miles east of Big Creek, on the Little Rock road, and his pickets close to Helena. Marmaduke will rejoin you from La Grange at the junction of the Spring Creek and Trenton roads, by a road called the "Scrouge-about" road. Please direct him to keep his pickets well out toward the Saint Francis River and Helena.

Other troops will guard on the Sprig Creek road and the approaches to that road. You are directed to especially picket in the La Grange direction, and eastward from that road to the Mississippi, guarding against all ingress or egress, and against surprises from the Federal force at Helena. Make junction with the other forces, as above directed on the 2nd July. The general will move on the main Spring Creek road, and he desires you to forward rapidly to him all information of importance.

Very respectfully,

H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS SHELBY'S BRIGADE,Goodin's Plantation, July 1, 1863.

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Your dispatch was received 8 miles to the front of La Grange. The command was halted and camped immediately after the reception of the order. I have a chain of pickets from the Spring Creek road to the Saint Francis River, which covers the whole of my front, and my left flank is covered front and rear by my own pickets. I have the river road from Helena to Saint Francis River well guarded. My command is some 8 miles in advance of General Holmes. My pickets on the right connect with the pickets of General Holmes. My pickets on the Sterling road are in 3 miles of Helena. I have an infantry picket covering my front.

Very respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

P. S. - We have relieved all of Walker's pickets.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,

July 1, 1863-[10 a.m.]

Colonel JOSEPH O. SHELBY,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: The general directs me to say that you will,until further orders encamp your brigade in the vicinity of La Grange, carrying out other instructions heretofore given. The general's headquarters will,

