
until you be further advised, be at or near Mr. Threlkeld's 7 miles in advance of this (headquarters on yesterday), on the main Spring Creek road, and he desires you to forward to him there information of where you make your camp to-night, and all other information useful to him. General Price's infantry are some distance behind yet, and most probably will not reach here till to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., July 1, 1863

Major W. B. BLAIR:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that Major-General Blunt is on the march from Kansas to Fort Gibson, with a re-enforcement of 2,000 men and four pieces of artillery. I request that this information be sent to Lieutenant-General Smith, and that he be asked to send any unemployed troops that may be in Northern Texas to meet this force. The Indian brigade, under General Cooper, will dissolve in a great measure if forced to fall back. * * *

General Cabell has moved from Northwestern Arkansas, under instructions to form a junction with Colonel Stand Watie, who has gone up the west side of Grand River; and, in addition, I have directed General Cooper to re-enforce Stand Watie with every man that can possibly be spared, hoping to gather a force sufficient to stop General Blunt's movements. All the artillery with General Cooper is a mountain battery, and that is almost without ammunition, a requisition made in May not having been filled, as far as I have heard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, VA., July 2, 1863

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Care of General J. E. Johnston, Jackson, Miss.;

I am convinced that the safety of Vicksburg depends on your prompt and efficient co-operation. As far as practicable, I desire you to move your forces to the Mississippi River, and command in person operations for the relief of the besieged city.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, July 2, 1863

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER,

GENERAL: Your letter, returning General Cabell's and stating what force had been sent to Watie, has been received. I do not apprehend much danger to your depot from Gibson. There is more danger of their moving their whole force to unite with Blunt. Any show of crossing the Arkansas I should deem but a feint to cover the withdrawal to strengthen Blunt. You must watch closely as to such a move.

Respectfully, &amp;c.

W. M. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

