HEADQUARTERS, Fort Smith, Ark., July 3, 1863

Major W. B. BLAIR, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I am in receipt of information that Colonel Watie was exchanging shots with a force of the enemy guarding train for Fort Gibson over Cabin Creek, which at the time July 1, was past fording. Enemy's force estimated at 800, with two pieces of artillery. As the train could not advance until the creek fell, and Colonel Watie's force has been swelled to about 1,400, I expect the train to be taken. General Cabell reports that he would be at Grand Saline on the 2nd instant, which will also put his force of about 1,400 men and four pieces of artillery, between the train and Fort Gibson, if he can cross Grand River, of which there is some doubt.

The re-enforcements under Blunt a Baxter Springs, reported through several different channels, must have delayed at that place, if the report was not erroneous, which I can scarcely believe.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,

Numbers 2. In the Field, Phillips County, July 3, 1863

I. The attack on Helena will be made to-morrow morning at daylight, and as follows:

1st. Major-General Price in command of McRae's and Parsons' brigades, will proceed by the best route, assume position, assault and take the Graveyard Hill at daylight.

2nd. Brigadier-General Walker with his cavalry brigade, will in like manner proceed to the Sterling road, where he will hold himself in position to resist any troops that may approach Reiter's Hill, and when the hill is captured he will enter the town and act against the enemy as circumstances may justify.

3rd. Brigadier-General Fagan will proceed by the best route, assume position, assault and take the batteries on Hindman's Hill at daylight.

4th. Brigadier-General Marmaduke will proceed with his command by the best route, assume position, assault, and take Reiter's Hill at daylight.

II. The troops will have at least two days' cooked rations in their haversacks.

III. All baggage wagons, except ammunition trains, will be sent to the rear, and parked beyond Lick Creek.

By order of Lieutenant-General Holmes:

JOHN W. HINSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,July 4, 1863-9 p.m.

General PRICE:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Holmes directs that the baggage trains of this command shall move back on the Spring Creek road at dawn of day to-morrow. The ammunition wagons will move in rear of the baggage train.

Very respectfully,

JOHN W. HINSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

