
is no doubt that they have fallen back to Ironton. Inclosed I send you dispatch* from Lieutenant Johnson, of Captain Reves' company.

I have sent a scout to ascertain whether the above is true or not. Lieutenant-Colonel Kitchen informs me that two regiments of cavalry have just taken possession of Bloomfield. He thinks that they have only taken possession, of the town for the purpose of establishing a post at that point. We are anxious to hear from Helena. Rumor says that you are now in possession of the place. I have not received a single dispatch from you for six days.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. Q. BURBRIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding &amp;c.

OFFICE DEPOT COMMISSARY, Jacksonport, Ark., July 4, 1863

Major [L. A.] MACLEAN, Asst. Adjt. General, Price's Division:

MAJOR: I am satisfied, from official information received by Captain Pritchard and private information I have from my agents and others just in from Missouri, that General Davidson, has a cavalry force of some 9,000 well equipped in arms, horses, pontoons, &c., at Patterson, Mo., and is preparing for a move on this point and Little Rock. This raid, from what I can learn, will be made very rapidly, and with well-matured plans.

I have some 12,000 to 15,000 pounds of bacon, 100 head of beef-cattle, 2,000 to 2,500 bushels of shelled corn here, and 10,000 to 15,000 bushels of corn at Augusta, besides large amount of subsistence, funds; also considerable amount on deposit by officers now with you. Our transportation here is limited, and I cannot see how I am to save supplies should this move be made. I would be pleased, major, to receive orders from you as to the policy I should pursue, and if Lieutenant-General Holmes is with you, would respectfully ask for orders. Not knowing anything of your movements, I fear to take any important steps without first hearing from the major-general or lieutenant-general commanding.

My greatest fears are this move will be made in the course of the next eight or ten days, as at latest advices they were moved from Ironton to Patterson. I shall put all in as good shape as possible.

I have the honor to be, major, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. FISHER.

Captain and Acting Commissary of Subsistence.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF INDIAN T. Fort Smith, Ark., July 5, 1863

Major W. B. BLAIR, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General District of Arkansas.

MAJOR: I am to-day in receipt of intelligence of the failure of our troops to take a train which was approaching Fort Gibson. Colonel Stand Watie fought them on the evening of the 1st and the morning of the 2nd instant. General Cabell had not reached the road, and probably will not, on account of Grand River, which, with all the streams in that region, is very high. Part of the re-enforcements sent to Colonel Watie did not reach him for the same reason. I have not heard directly from General Cabell.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See p. 885.

---------------

