
BIG CREEK, ARK., July 6, 1863

Lieutenant [JOHN] MHOON, Engineer, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: Our division of cavalry will take the front in the morning. I will repair the roads as far as practicable as we advance. The road across Cache Bayou is said to be almost impassable, but I have never yet seen a place that could not be repaired and crossed. It will require a very considerable force to make the necessary repairs in time, but I am confident that no delay will be caused by the condition of the roads.

Respectfully, &c.

R. J. LAWRENCE,

Captain and Acting Engineer.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., July 6, 1863

Colonel J. GORGAS, Chief of Ordnance:

COLONEL; I have arrived at this place, and as General E. K. Smith, has his headquarters at Shreveport I have sent him copies of my orders, both to that place and to Monroe, as it is not known where he is at present. I shall await his orders.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. HUGER,

Major-General, &c.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., July 7, 1863

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Lieutenant-General Smith to say it is very important to increase the military strength of this department. There are many soldiers detailed as teamsters whose places could be well supplied by negroes. It is, therefore, recommended that an appeal be made to the patriotism of the people to hire negro me for teamsters, and that proper persons be employed to visit the different slave counties with your appeal, and use every effort to induce the owner to hire as many as he can spare from his plantation; and after every effort has been used and the necessary number not obtained, then, with great prudence, a pro rata assessment should be made upon the slaveholders,and the number required be impressed in accordance with the law of impressment; but this should be done with great precaution so as to wound the sensibilities of the people as little as possible, for it is of the first importance to obtain not only our full strength in the field, but keep those at home loyal and zealous in support of our cause and efforts.

I am general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,In the Field, July 7, 1863.

Major General STERLING PRICE, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Holmes directs that your order Major Snead and Major Brinker of your staff, to report to him in person immediately.

