
supplied with wagons, &amp;c., making it evident that their intention is to occupy the place for some time. One fact is evident that at present no apprehension of raid in force need be entertained.

Respectfully,

D. B. HATCH,

Adjutant.

If you adopt this route, advise me, and all assistance that I can render will be cheerfully done.

Respectfully,

J. K. P. PRITCHARD,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., July 7, 1863

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I wish to lay before the lieutenant-general commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department the state of affairs in the sub-district under my command and the prospects as they appear to me and in order to do so clearly it will be necessary to review briefly the affairs since I have been in command.

I arrived at this place on the 8th January last, and found a small portion of Lane's Texas regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Crump at this place. General Cooper, with the First and Second Cherokee Regiments, both very weak and Martin's Texas cavalry also very weak, was near Perryville, Cherokee Nation. Small garrisons at Washita and Arbuckle. Soon after my arrival, Colonel Speight reported to me with his regiment. Stevens', Hawpe's, Alexander's, and Bass', all except Speight's completely disorganized and without discipline. The country was destitute of supplies and at that season of the year supplies could not be hauled, as there was no grass for the animals to live upon and the condition of the roads being such that a team could not haul corn enough to make the trip from Texas on. Colonel Crump was ordered to Red River for subsistence for his horses, and to collect stragglers. Colonel Speight was also ordered to Red River with his command, with the exception of Bass' regiment (dismounted cavalry), numbering about 200, the state of supplies not being such as to warrant keeping a larger force; even with that small force we were at times reduced to a day's rations. With this small force, and an enemy that was constantly threatening. I have been obliged to remain in this section without being able to give my personal attention as much as I desired to the other portions of my command. My staff, however, have been actively engaged in getting supplies of all kinds that could be obtained; wagons, oxen, and mules were bought, and, by the time the grass would subsist the animals, there was a fair prospect of driving out the enemy's force there in the Indian country. At this time Speight's brigade was required in another direction, and instead of driving out the enemy, we were doubtful of our ability to hold the line of the Arkansas. The Indian regiments, with the exception of the Cherokee having been furloughed by the direction of General Hindman before my arrival, were only then beginning to assemble. Colonel De Morse's regiment was at this time brought forward, and a force of Texans, Cherokees, and Creeks was collected sufficient to keep the enemy north of the river, and perhaps to attack him had he not in the mean time fortified near Fort Gibson too strong to be driven out without more and heavier artillery than was at my disposal. The troops were armed

