
with all kinds of guns (many being entirely without). My requisitions for arms and ordnance stores were answered that they were not on hand, and that the supply depended upon the fate of Vicksburg. In the mean time a shop had been established at this place which, working upon the debris left by General Hindman, has put several hundreds small-arms in the hands of the troops. I sent my adjutant-general Captain Crosby, to Texas, where he procured from the Confederate and State authorities some arms and nearly all the ammunition that has been and is being used; he also obtained an order for two guns of heavier caliber than any I have which however have not arrived and I fear will not for some time to come.

The enemy at Gibson is strengthening himself by works and re-enforcements, all attempts to cut off his supplies having failed, first, through the bad conduct of the Creeks, and, secondly, through circumstances over which we could have no control viz, the sudden rise in the Verdigris and Grand Rivers, which prevented a junction of troops in sufficient force to capture the train or drive back the re-enforcements. The enemy's position is now better than it has been-stronger, and fortified in a position from which he can move either down the Arkansas or down the road to Texas. In this state of affairs, I would recommend that if there by any troops not otherwise particularly required in Northern Texas, that they should be sent up to the vicinity of Gibson, with a view to prevent a permanent depot being made at that place.

I would call attention particularly to the fact that supplies cannot be moved in the winter season without an enormous increase of expense, if it can be done at all. I much fear that those charged with furnishing my command will issue only such quantities as are required for present use, and that in consequence thereof I shall be unable to put in depot at suitable points an amount which will be required during the months when hauling cannot be done. The orders in regard to purchases by the quartermaster operate very badly in a country where everything must be picked up in small quantities. Orders are evidently written, many of them with a direct reference to the state of affairs east of the Mississippi, an evidence of which will be found (if any is needed) in the direction to send certificates in certain cases to the surgeon-general, to avoid delay. The circulars in reference to purchases were, I think written in the same style. There are here no centers of trade where purchases can be controlled by one man, but everything needed must be bought wherever it can be found, or the service suffers. Another difficulty is, that this region, having been flooded with vouchers, which have not been redeemed yet, by officers ignorant of the proper forms, nothing can be now procured without money, which has not been furnished in sufficient quantity to meet the wants of the department and pay the troops.

I think the present a favorable time, if a few more regiments can be spared, to carry the war into Kansas. There are, according to the best information I can get but very few more troops in position to re-enforce Phillips (Federal commander); and, the force at Gibson disposed of there would be but little obstacle, to going to the Missouri River or Kansas City. Such a movement would disconcert any arrangements that are being made for operations in this direction this fall or winter.

Another order which I think not well adapted to this section of the country is that of putting general hospitals under the direction of a medical director of hospitals; for example the North Fork Hospital,

