
letter from General Cabell yesterday. He informed me that he would be at Van Buren to-day. He will be moved on at once. I have written some days since to General Smith for the troops in Northern Texas.

Your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,In the Field, near Cotton Plant, July 9, 1863

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD:

MAJOR: The general has just received your note. He directs that loading commence at daylight and the boats when loaded proceed as rapidly as possible to their destination. He wishes you to gather all the information you can from Haroldson and the other ferryman near you about the landing at Surrounded Hill. You will communicate with him to-night if the landing at that place be reported to you impracticable. If you should be convinced that this route is perfectly practicable, you will order the loading of the boats at daylight. Do not let the boats start until General Holmes gets down there.

Respectfully,

JOHN W. HINSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - Dr. Taylor will go over on the boat to-morrow.

EAST SIDE BAYOU DE VIEW, July 9, 1863

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: General Price, having seen your note to General Fagan, sends as reply that he (General Price) went in person and saw all the commanders of brigades and the troops coming into camp. He talked with the officers, and found them in good spirits, the column marching in perfect order, not seemingly much fatigued considering the marches they have made. All arrangements are made for crossing. The only delay this morning was by some corn loaded on the boat last night. The bridge across Caney repaired, and there will be no detention in crossing there. General Price goes over in the next boat, and will carry with him the last dispatch from the river, which is favorable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[L. A.] MACLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, July 9, 1863

Colonel [THOMAS L.] SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, General Price's Army:

DEAR COLONEL: The road to this place in many places is very bad, but the train can get over them. At the crossings on the creek there is a very good ferry-boat, but small, and one raft. It is possible to cross the swamp on the other side of the White River, west of this place. So if you come this way, you will have to go back to Jacksonport before you can cross the river.

Yours, respectfully,

D. C. CAGE,

Engineer Corps.

