
position that my small force could occupy more than a few hours. If there was the slightest hope that my small command could relieve Vicksburg the mere probability of its capture or destruction ought not, and should not, as far as I am concerned weigh a feather against making the attempt, but I consider it absolutely certain, unless the enemy are blind and stupid, that no part of my command would escape capture or destruction if such an attempt should be made.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., July 10, 1863

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES, Little Rock, Ark.:

The enemy may only intend to occupy Greenville. No serious operations against Arkansas are, I think, intended in the present position of affairs here. I can now give you no assistance; you must make the best disposition you can with the troops at your disposal for the defense of Arkansas Valley. In the event of being driven from Arkansas Valley by overwhelming numbers, the concentration must be in this direction. Quietly establish depots for provisions and forage along the line of your probable march.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Near Cotton Plant, July 10, 1863-9.30 p.m.

General STERLING PRICE, Commanding,&amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Lieutenant-General Holmes to say to you that, in view of the uncertainty and difficulties of the route taken by General Parsons' brigade, he has ordered Generals Fagan and McRae's brigades to proceed to Augusta, via Gray's Ferry, and there cross White River. Should General Parsons' route yet prove impracticable, he will be instructed to follow Generals Fagan and McRae.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. HINSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - I have the honor to inclose a communication to Captain Pritchard,* which General Holmes wishes transmitted to him by sure hands immediately.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY.

Fort Smith, Ark., July 10, 1863

Brigadier General W. L. CABELL,Commanding Cabell's Brigade:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that you will move forward, with the least possible delay, with that portion f your command with which you have just returned from Northwestern Arkan-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

