
sas, to some suitable camping place between Webber's Falls and Fort Gibson. For the greater convenience of obtaining water and grass, it would be advisable to move your command in detachments.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

B. G. DUVAL,

Lieutenant and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., July 10, 1863

Brigadier General W. L. CABELL,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: I fear that should the river fall before our troops are concentrated, Phillips will cross the river and break up the Indian brigade; hence the necessity for moving as soon as possible. Some artillery horses were received from Texas since you left, which are at your disposal for the artillery. Cooper being almost without artillery, and with but little, if any, ammunition, makes it desirable, that the battery should go forward with sufficient force to protect it en route.

A recent order, Numbers 67, authorizes the transfer of dismounted cavalry to infantry service. Organize all the dismounted men into a separate command, and select the officer to command it, and send them forward with the battery first, and others as fast as can be done.

A portion of Witherspoon's battalion, which arrived after you left, can also go forward.

Your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY

Fort Smith, Ark., July 10, 1863

Major W. B. BLAIR,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Arkansas:

MAJOR: Your telegram, dated 9th, was receive at 2.30 o'clock to-day. I have been directing the movements of both brigades from this place, which has been central to the operations going on. I had given orders for the concentration of all near Gibson, and General Cabell has arrived and is crossing the river to-day; his command much broken down and weakened by his recent expedition.

General Cooper is very much in want of ammunition for his mountain howitzer battery. Requisitions were forwarded and receipts acknowledged in May. The ammunition has not yet reached this place.

The paymaster who came up to pay Cabell's brigade can now reach him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,

Jacksonport, Ark., July 10, 1863

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Price's Division:

MAJOR: The mail from the Mississippi is this moment in. A private letter, dated Grenada, July 7, says Vicksburg fell; was mined; bat-

