
paring extensive fortifications at that point, and say they are looking for large re-enforcements. The enemy continue to make raids into West Plains, and Thomasville from the direction of Hartville, Mo., but it is only in small bands and for plunder. There are only 800 or 900 men at Rolla. A few militia at Salem and Houston. There are three companies at Hartville.

Since our army has returned to Jacksonport, there will be no danger of an advance in this direction, as the enemy only presented a threatening front in anticipation of an advance on our part; for as soon as they discovered that we did not intend to advance, they abandoned it. If the enemy advance at all, which I do not believe, it will be, in my opinion, from the direction of Bloomfield. Davidson's force has been very much overrated. He left Ironton with about 4,000 men. That makes my former estimate correct. I estimated his force at Ironton between 5,000 and 6,000 effective men. There are a great many recruiting officers in this section; they profess to be authorized by Major Crandall and others; they are not recruiting many men. Major Crandall and Colonel Wood are now encamped near head of Spring River. Colonel [J. T.] Cearnal is near Salem, Ark., and has 60 or 70 men. Colonel Kitchen is now encamped 3 miles from Chalk Bluff. His regiment was organized on yesterday. I have instructed him to watch the enemy at Bloomfield. Inclosed I send you map of roads and stations of my pickets.*

My officers complain very much because their men have not been paid since 1st of last January. Four of my companies have not been paid one cent since they have been in the service. They were organized in January, and two-thirds of the men have been with me over eight months. A great many of the men are dismounted, and they want their money to buy horses. Has not Shelby's bridge been paid since January? My officers say that it has. I hope the general will give in justice. I will send my quartermaster down for funds.

I send you Democrat of July 4.

I am,major, your obedient servant,

JNO. Q. BURBRIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding.&amp;c
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., July 11, 1863.

His Excellency H. FLANAGIN,

Governor of Arkansas:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 15th ultimo, covering a copy of a letter to the President of the Confederate States.+

When the troops referred to by you were ordered to Louisiana, Vicksburg was threatened by a heavy column, and Banks with a large army had invaded the State. The strategical importance of Vicksburg to this department was such that its defense was really that of the department itself. The movement of Banks up the valley of the Red River, whilst it threatened the occupation of one of the most valuable portions of the department separated Arkansas from her source of supplies and means of military support, preventing the possibility of concentration, and exposing the troops in the valley of Arkansas to be taken in detail. The removal of the troops from Arkansas was, therefore, not only deemed a wise measure, but was also a military necessity. The exhausted con-

---------------

*Omitted, as unimportant.

+Not found. See Davis to Flanagin, July 15, p. 931.

---------------

