
Ironton have changed their position as a corps of observation from that place to Bloomfield. They are watching for Price to come into Missouri. A prisoner in my hands belonging to Glover's Third Gamble Militia, and captured by my scouts 1 1/2 miles from Bloomfield (Third and Eighth Regiments Gamble Cavalry are already at Bloomfield), says that the officers state that 30,000 Federals will be stationed at Bloomfield, but says his opinion is that the number will not exceed 15,000. I think some 5,000 or 6,000 are all that will be concentrated there. There has been a force left at Ironton sufficient only to garrisons the forts at that point. Part of the troops to be sent to Bloomfield are of the Enrolled Militia. No artillery has yet arrived there, although some is on the way. It is said they have a pontoon train. The forage is hauled from Cape Girardeau. The enemy is extending the lines of fortification at New Madrid so as to make them sufficiently capacious for a garrison of 10,000 men.

The paper of 3rd reports a battle near Harrisburg, Pa., in which Ewell and Longstreet routed the Federals and killed 4 generals (General Reynolds, U. S. Army, of the number). General Meade is in command of the United States Army on the Potomac.

The conscript act has proved a failure. Papers are openly acknowledging the necessity of recognizing the Confederacy. Large peace meetings are being held. Lee has it all his own way in Pennsylvania.

My battalion was organized into a regiment on July 9; S. G. Kitchen, colonel, Jesse Ellison, lieutenant-colonel, and J. A. Walker, major. I would not be surprised at a raid from the enemy soon. The clothing arrived last night.

I am, sir, &amp;c,.

S. G. KITCHEN,

Colonel Tenth Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY.

Fort Smith, Ark., July 11, 1863.

General [S. P.] BANKHEAD,Commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas:

GENERAL: I learn to-day of your arrival at Bonham to take command of the Northern Sub-District of Texas. You occupy a position of great importance to the country over which I have the present control, and this country is of vital importance to Northern Texas. It is therefore, necessary that we should work together harmoniously for the common good. I therefore write to you to inform you of the state of affairs, and to give you my views of the manner in which our own cause can be most efficiently served. The point of present interest is Fort Gibson, where a force of the

enemy, numbering from 4,000 to 6,000 are fortified, having twelve pieces of artillery, and where he is disposed to make a depot, from which he can either send large parties in the direction of Texas or Arkansas, or from which he can move what force he may accumulate in either direction. I have neither the artillery nor the kind of force necessary to take a place of the strength of Fort Gibson. I would have forced them out for want of provisions had it not been for a sudden and unusual rise in the Grand and Verdigris Rivers, which prevented out troops assailing the train, upon which they were dependent for supplies, in sufficient force to effect its capture. The guard to the train strengthened the garrison considerably. I do not think that much will be attempted until further re-enforcements arrive.

