
quick communication with your headquarters, I again urge that the contract for an express to Houston may be approved and put into operation at once. Unless otherwise ordered, I shall establish an express to Shreveport, La., as the mail facilities are entirely too slow for military purposes.

I have the honor, captain, to be, your obedient servant,

SMITH P. BANKHEAD,

Actg. Brigadier General Commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS,Camp at Russell's Ferry, July 12, 1863

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jacksonport, Ark:

Major HENRY EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jacksonport, Ark.:

MAJOR: Colonel Kitchen has fallen back from Chalk Bluff, and has established his headquarters near Gainesville. He says it is impossible for him to obtain forage on the Saint Francis. He represents the enemy concentrating at Bloomfield, and thinks that a large force will soon occupy that place. They came from Ironton, and their forces say that they intend going to Helena. Prisoners represent their effective force at 10,000 or 12,000. I have instructed Colonel Kitchen to post one company at Chalk bluff, and to guard all the crossings of the Saint Francis. My communications with Colonel Kitchen's camp are now a junction with me near Pocahontas? If Price has fallen back to Little Rock, I think you may expect an advance of the enemy. They have a force superior to General Marmaduke, and will try to drive him out of this portion of Arkansas. Colonels Wood and Coleman are instructed to picket and scout the country in the direction of Thomasville Mo., and Van Buren, Mo. Captain Reves occupies his old position near Doniphan.

Captain Porter's men claim to be twelve-months' men. The majority of them will re-enlist but some of them will not. They wish to reorganize, and their time will be up on the 5th of August. I wish instructions from the general in reference to this company. My quartermaster sends estimates for pay of troops up to June 30, 1863. In that estimate is included the bounty of the men. I hope the general will pay my regiment their bounty; it is due them, and they ought to have it. They wish all that is due them for the purpose of buying horses. I have seven or eight deserters from my regiment. Shall I forward the charges against them? Send me pay-rolls for May and June, and also muster-rolls.

I send you Saint Louis Democrat of the 5th of July.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

JNO. Q. BURBRIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

AUGUSTA, July 13, 1863

[Brigadier General J. S. MARMADUKE:]

GENERAL: Owing to the general disaffection prevailing in the brigade, I would suggest that they be paid off immediately, if possible, and that the claims for horses killed in action be allowed and settled for forthwith. A great number of the men have lost their horses in the recent march to Helena, and, in case they are paid off will be enabled to mount

