
themselves, and will do it. As there is great dissatisfaction existing among the men at this time, there will in all probability be numerous desertions. The only remedy which I at present see is to detach the regiments from each other, and would suggest that Thompson's regiment be located near Yellville; Gordon's regiment north of Hookram; Gilkey's regiment north of Powhatan, about Spring River, requiring the colonels commanding the regiments to be accountable for the conduct and loss of men, each commander reporting to you directly, thereby preventing any excuse arising on account of a brigade commander. By locating the regiments as suggested scouting parties can be sent into Missouri at all times, gaining correct information of the enemy's movements, and also having the approaches from our front thoroughly guarded. At the same time they can be readily concentrated at any time you may contemplate a general movement. Likewise each regiment will have a sufficient scope of country to purchase horses from and to obtain blacksmith shops to have their horses all in condition for service.

In case the above plan is adopted, I think that harmony will exist in the whole command, and it is the only plan which suggests itself which will obtain the desired end.

The reason I make the above suggestion, is induced by the interest I feel for the service and welfare of the brigade, and from no personal motives whatever, as I think it extremely doubtful whether I will ever assume command again.

I am, general,yours, respectfully,

JO. O. SHELBY,

By CARROLL H. WOOD,

Aide-de-Camp.

P. S. - The battery might be divided with each regiment or encamped on the south side of White River between Batesville and Jacksonport, or at the latter place, or the opposite side of the river, the ordnance wagons remaining with the battery.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,July 16, 1863

Respectfully forwarded.

There is much dissatisfaction in this command and Colonel Thompson, present brigade commander, though a good officer is not, I fear, capable of harmonizing. I anticipate much desertion; some plan must be adopted to check it. Should the proposed expedition be immediately put on foot, that will, I think. Should not that be adopted, I would recommend the distribution of the regiments as suggested by Colonel Shelby, and I beg specially to call the lieutenant-general's attention to the fact that these men have suffered much by hard service and heavy loss of animals, killed in battle or worn out in the service. They have received no remuneration for lost horses, and have not been paid since January 1863, although estimates for said pay have been made out at the proper times, but no funds received by them. I think myself that this neglect is a serious and just cause of complaint. Even now I have no funds to pay a single man of this brigade for a single day of this year.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

