
he is mistaken for I have every reason to believe that Davidson, with his whole force, is encamped at that point. One hundred Federals are posted near Chalk Bluff, on the opposite side of the river. My scouts now have no trouble going in the direction of Ironton, and several of them are now posted in the vicinity of that place. They represent both Ironton and Pilot Knob with small garrisons. I am satisfied this is true as the enemy confine themselves to those places, and are not sending out any scouts. Recruiting officers give me a great deal of trouble with their recruiting authority; they pass my outposts, and some of them are engaged in smuggling goods from Ironton. About every other man you meet has recruiting authority from some one to raise a regiment or a company. Two-thirds of them never intend to raise a company, but only wish the authority to enable them to pass with impunity. Two of these men passed a negro through Captain Reves' pickets to Ironton. The negro is a free negro, living at Pocahontas. It seems that they are connected together for the purpose of bringing out goods. I am on the lookout and will try and arrest them.

Mrs. Elliott, of Pocahontas, applied to me for a pass to go to Ironton for her children. I refused to grant it, and she was passed through my lines by some of those recruiting officers. I have given strict orders to officers in command of outposts to allow no one to pass without passes from the general or myself. Officers who are legally authorized to raise regiments are, of course, very anxious to recruit, and generally give recruiting power to every one that applies. We have, therefore, the whole country overrun by them. I would like to have some instructions from the general concerning these men.

My officers are all willing to help defray the expenses of Colonel Conrow to Richmond and back. I will send you a roster of my officers to-morrow.

Private Grissom, unfortunately, escaped from his guard upon the way to this camp. From what the corporal says, he was very negligent of his duty. I will send his description to Colonels Wood and Coleman, and instruct them to use every effort to effect his capture.

I have heard of a Saint Louis paper of the 8th. I will try and get it and send it to you. I understand that it acknowledges a disastrous defeat in Virginia, and says Vicksburg has surrendered.

I am, major, &amp;c.

JNO. Q. BURBRIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,July 16, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. I inclose my order to Burbridge concerning recruiting officers* for General Holmes. Approved or disapproved, I repeat it, that many of these recruiting officers are an injury and a nuisance. I am yet unable to determine what force is at Bloomfield, who is in command or what the intentions of the enemy are but am inclined to think that my proposed and their plans matured, and thereby defeat or check the campaign which they are now preparing.

Very respectfully, &c.

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

