
and devotion to his duty are equal to those of any one. He has served long on the frontier of Arkansas, and will know how to enforce the importance of the valley of the Arkansas, to which I have in this letter alluded.

The future of the Trans-Mississippi States is not solely dependent on military sagacity. Political mingle with military elements in the problem before us, and the success of the general must depend in no small degree upon the co-operation of the Governors of the States.

I am happy in the assurance that I can expect from you everything which your judgment approves, and I do not doubt that it is only necessary there should be co-intelligence between us to give uniformity to our conclusions. It will always give me pleasure to hear from you as freely and as fully as you convenience will permit, and I beg you to accept assurances of the regard and esteem with which I am, very respectfully, and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., July 15, 1863

Brigadier General W. L. CABELL, Present:

GENERAL: The intelligence to-day received that the river above is falling, renders it necessary that troops moving toward Fort Gibson should be in position to re-enforce General Cooper as soon as possible. You will, therefore, send forward without delay such portion of your brigade as may be in readiness, taking the North Fork road, and crossing the Canadian at Briartown, at or near which point the advance portion of your brigade will await until the remaining portion arrives, should there be no emergency requiring it to move to the assistance of General Cooper.

Your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Smith, Ark., July 18, 1863

Colonel A. S. MORGAN,

Commanding Morgan's Regiment:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that when the removal of his headquarters from this place [is made], you will assume command of this place and of the depots, and take such measures as you may deem necessary for the public interest. Captain Fitzwilliams, commanding company of Partisan Rangers, has been ordered to report to you with his mounted company.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

B. G. DUVAL.

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI 							DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 30. Shreveport, La., July 18, 1863

I. At a general court-martial convened at Alexandria, La., by Paragraph II, Special Orders, Numbers 58, current series, from these Headquarters, whereof Brigadier General C. J. Polignac, Provisional Army of the Con-

