HEADQUARTERS,Barlow, Camp Logan Creek, July 22, 1863.

Colonel BURBRIDGE, Commanding:

COLONEL: I have just returned from watching the movements of the nigger stealers that crossed above Van Buren on Saturday morning before daylight. They took the old Belleview road, down through the Wilderness, until they came to the road leading down Buffalo Creek and to Williams' Mill, on Eleven Point River; there they took the left-hand end of the cross-road, which led them down to the mouth of Buffalo Creek, where they camped Sunday night. They started early on Monday morning in the direction of Van Buren. I followed them about 4 miles on their route. They were traveling on double-quick, as if they had got a fright. Their number is estimated at 250. They had two wagons. Their will go, or have gone, up, and cross at Van Buren, and come down on the east side of Current River, as they have not accomplished what I think was intended by their scout. They took off several men and horses from Buffalo Creek. I expect to move camp to-morrow morning. We will be compelled to go 20 miles above Doniphan to get forage, on Current River, but we will only have a better position to watch the movements of the enemy.

I have the honor, colonel, to remain yours,

T. REVES.

Captain, Commanding Outpost
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp on Imochia Creek, C. N., July 22, 1863

Brigadier-General BANKHEAD,

Commanding Northern Texas:

GENERAL: You have no doubt heard that General Cooper had been driven from his position before the re-enforcements which were en route had reached him. He has not, however, been punished as severely as was at first reported, 200 will more than cover his loss, killed, wounded, and missing. I move to-morrow to occupy his former position, where I shall probably remain for some time. The next contest will probably be over the supply train, which must be in Gibson between the 1st and 10th August.

In this I wish you assistance. I do not feel strong enough to attack Gibson, even with your assistance, without more and heavier artillery than we can command; but an attempt to take their train will draw out the whole force of the enemy, and I wish to have a force sufficient to put the matter beyond the possibility of a failure. Please let me know your action as early as possible.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp on Imochia Creek, July 22, 1863.

Major W. B. BLAIR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have now concentrated all the force at my disposal leaving only such small force as is necessary for guard at the depots, Mor-

