
tion, or without, at least, sacrificing uselessly thousands of men, when we have not a man to spare, I believe it to be my duty to urge you, very respectfully, but most earnestly, to be pleased to order all troops within this State, at least, to be concentrated upon some line of defense at least as far south as the Arkansas River.

I send a copy of this communication to Lieutenant-General Holmes.

I am, general, with the greatest respect, your friend and obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,Des Arc, Ark., July 23, 1863.

Brigadier General JAS. F. FAGAN,

Commanding Searcy:

GENERAL: You will perceive from the inclosed orders that you are to assume command of this division at once. General Parsons will remain here until further orders from yourself or General Price, but is in readiness to move at any hour. General Marmaduke, who is in command of all the cavalry in your front, has been directed to keep you advised of his movements and of those of the enemy. General Price leaves for Little Rock this afternoon, and will report to you early to-morrow. His staff will inform you as to condition of their respective departments. Captain Collins' company of cavalry (General Price's body-guard) will report to you for duty.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

THOS. L. SNEAD

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,

Numbers 6. Des Arc, July 23, 1863.

Major-General Price having been ordered, in consequence of the illness of Lieutenant-General Holmes, to assume command of the District of Arkansas, the command of this division devolves upon Brigadier General James F. Fagan, who will act accordingly, and to whom the division staff, except Major Thomas L. Snead, will report immediately, at Searcy.

By command of Major-General Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,Des Arc, July 23, 1863.

Brigadier General J. S. MARMADUKE,

Commanding Cavalry, &c., Jacksonport:

GENERAL: General Price has been ordered, in consequence of the illness of Lieutenant-General Holmes, to assume command of the District of Arkansas. The command of this division devolves upon Brigadier-General Fagan, whose headquarters are at Searcy. General Price wishes you to assume command at once of all the cavalry in your front. The necessary orders will be issued as soon as he gets to Little

