
Rock, whither he starts this afternoon. He expects you to keep yourself thoroughly and correctly informed as to the movements of the enemy, and to advise him of them promptly. He wishes you to delay and annoy them as much as you possibly can, without endangering too greatly the safety of your command, falling back when compelled to do so, in the direction of Searcy. You will keep General Fagan well advised as to your movements.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION.

Des Arc, July 23, 1863-6.30 a.m.

Major General J. S. MARMADUKE,Commanding,&amp;c., Jacksonport:

GENERAL: General Price thanks you for your letter and suggestions and directs me to say that he has received no orders from General Holmes since July 11, except one indirectly from General Fagan, ordering that officer to report to him (General Price), and one indirectly from you, ordering you to report to General Holmes. In the order of July 11, General Holmes ordered General Price to remain here until further orders. He expects to receive important orders this afternoon, however, as he has been advised to that effect by telegraph, and will write to you again after reading them.

In great haste, yours, truly and respectfully,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MARMADUKE'S DIVISION,Jacksonport, Ark., July 24, 1863-5 p.m.

Major SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Price's Division:

MAJOR: I inclose dispatches this moment received from Colonel Kitchen, commanding outpost near Jonesborough, on Crowley's Ridge; also a letter from Colonel Burbridge. Both concur that the enemy are advancing and in force. I am also of that opinion. As yet they have given no indications of a raid. My impression is that Schofield is in command.

Very respectfully,

J. S. MARMADUKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - I send two papers (July 12 and July 15.).

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CAMP ON WEST BANK OF CACHE RIVER,

July 24, 1863-9 a.m.

Brigadier-General MARMADUKE:

My train has been crossed to the west side of Cache with all my effective men and the battery of Captain Griswold. Lieutenant-Colonel

