
Ellison, with scout Numbers 1; Major Walker, with scout No. 2; Captain [W. H.] Glenn, with scout Numbers 3, and Captain [James A.] Cooper, with scout Numbers 4, are on the ridge yet. I shall start over to take charge of them this morning. The enemy have again commenced an advance down the ridge, having again appeared in force in the neighborhood of Scatterville on the evening of the 22nd. My train will start this evening to Jacksonport. I would start it this morning, but it is nearly exhausted from the forced marching. My dispatch of the 21st should have been dated the 22nd. A dispatch has been sent you every day for the past five days. The enemy is supposed to be fortifying at Chalk Bluff, and are establishing a telegraph as far as they come. I will retain one or two teams, with cooking utensils sufficient for the regiment, yet behind.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

S. G. KITCHEN,

Colonel, &c.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CAMP FOUR MILES SOUTH OF POCAHONTAS,

July 24, 1863

Major HENRY EWING

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jacksonport, Ark.:

MAJOR: One of scouts, who was captured and paroled by the enemy, returned last night. He says there are three forts at Bloomfield, and some very large siege pieces. General McNeil is in command. He says there are 2,000 cavalry and 2,000 infantry left to garrison that place. He crossed on the pontoon at Chalk Bluff, with Colonel Glover's command. He says there are not less than 10,000 Federals this side of Saint Francis, and about 2,000 infantry. He counted 250 wagons and eighteen large field pieces. The field pieces have 8 horses, and not under 24-pounders. They are preparing to take up their pontoon, and are making a raft bridge across the Saint Francis. This man was taken to Cape Girardeau and then brought back to Bloomfield, and had a good opportunity to find out their strength.

The enemy is in force at Gainesville, and are putting up telegraph wires to Chalk Bluff. They say they are going to Jacksonport and to Little Rock. They think General Price's division is at Jacksonport. I am satisfied that this is no raid of the enemy, but that it is their intention to march this time to Little Rock.

Shall I destroy my boats, or send them down the river to Jacksonport? One of them is a large Federal flat-boat. I have a 2-inch rope. It is impossible for the enemy to cross without my having immediate information. I will encamp at cross-roads and wait further orders.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

JNO. Q. BURBRIDGE,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION, Numbers -. Camp at Searcy, Ark., July 24, 1863.

In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 6., Headquarters' Price's division, dated Des Arc. July 23, 1863, I hereby assume command of this (Price's) division. All communications, &c, will be addressed to the proper staff officers, the staff officers of General Price being still on duty as staff officers of the division.

By order of Brigadier-General Fagan

L. A. MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

