
I send you this evening a Yankee prisoner (J. D. Lindsey) captured by my men on this scout. He was bearing a dispatch from Davidson to Jonesborough. You can question him when he arrives.

I am, sir, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

S. G. KITCHEN,

Colonel Tenth Missouri Cavalry.

[P. S.] - The enemy state their destination to be Jacksonport. The pass found on the prisoner Lindsey is sent. I think he probably was a spy. Some of the Federal regiments mentioned above were very small. I have men all through the country, and will endeavor to find out their actual number. A garrison of 150 are at Chalk Bluff, Ark.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI 							DEPARTMENT,

Numbers 31. Shreveport, La., July 25, 1863.

I. Communication with the seat of Government being interrupted, all officers and agents connected with the army on duty within the Department of Trans-Mississippi, acting under orders from Richmond, will in future receive instructions from the department commander; all such officers and agents will report by letter to department headquarters without delay, stating the nature of the duty in which they are engaged, the authority under which they are acting, and the extent of their operations.

II. The enrollment of conscripts is solely under the direction of the conscript bureau, the officers thereof acting under orders from department headquarters; all other officers are, therefore, forbidden to enroll conscripts or recruit from persons within conscript ages, unless by special permission in writing from the department commander.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Prairie Springs, July 26, 1863.

Major W. B. BLAIR,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Arkansas, Little Rock;

MAJOR: This place is 15 miles from Fort Gibson. I arrived here on the 24th, with Generals Cooper's and Cabell's brigades. The enemy has returned to the north side of the Arkansas River. I have heard nothing from General Bankhead, except a rumor that he has crossed Red River. When he arrives, my greatest deficiency will be in artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY,Camp Prairie Springs, July 27, 1863.

Brigadier-General BANKHEAD,

Commanding Sub-District of Northern Texas:

GENERAL: From your letter to General Cooper, I infer that you have not received General Magruder's Orders, Numbers 183, a copy of which I

