
that I be sacrificed, even, than that important movements be delayed a single day. Better give the command to any body, and leave him free to act, than to keep me here and forbid my doing anything. A fool could not go far wrong,so plain is it what should be done. Blunt and Herron are in Saint Louis, or were a few days ago, and doubtless their counsels have had much weight in determining the present delay and annoyance to me. I observe they are both nominated major-generals, and I know they both aspire to this command,and are favorites of General Curtis. Better that either of them have it than that the present state at Prairie Grove and elsewhere, and have shown their utter incapacity to command, yet they would be allowed to act, and could hardly fail, under present circumstances, to blunder into success.

Do not understand me, general, as being dissatisfied with my command or wanting a higher one. I have a fine little army, and it is all I ask, if I can be permitted to use it. I did feel at one time, and so wrote you, unwilling to take, voluntarily, a lower command; but that feeling is gone. I will cheerfully accept anything to remove the present difficulty, because I believe the good of the service demands it. I will even content myself to remain here, if, after what I have told you, you think no change for the better is practicable.

I have received my appointment as major-general, and, of course, feel much gratified by this mark of confidence. I would feel much more so could I be in position to render the service demanded by my additional rank.

I am, general, yours, very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN ARKANSAS, Helena, February 3, 1863.

Major-General CURTIS:

GENERAL: By an order of Major-General Grant, I am opening the levee at Yazoo Pass, 8 miles below here, with a view of going with gun-boats into the Tallahatchie,and I think it likely of success. The water will rush through like a mill-race, as the Mississippi River is 10 feet higher than the pass on the opposite side.

I write to advise you of events as they are transpiring.

I could go to Little Rock easy, or i can connect with your forces at Batesville, if I had a chance.

I am, general, truly, yours,W. A. GORMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. STATE OF MISSOURI, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Saint Louis, February 3, 1863.

Brigadier General T. J. BARTHOLOW,

Commanding Eight Mississippi District of Missouri, Glasgow, Mo.:

GENERAL: By direction of the commander-in-chief, you are instructed to detail from the organized force of Enrolled Militia within the Eighth Military District, for active service, twenty-fourth mounted companies, of approved loyalty and efficiency, to be provisionally commanded as follows:

1st. Each company will consist of 80 non-commissioned officers and

