
can assail Fort Smith on a shorter line than I can travel. If I leave this vicinity, my depots in the direction of Texas will be exposed, and the Creek Indians, who are not looked upon as being much interested in our cause, will go over to the enemy. Such is briefly the position of our affairs in the Indian Territory, and it is not likely to be much better, unless a force can be sent from the vicinity of Little Rock to suddenly overwhelm their forces. Such a course will, I think, effectually remove the danger from Western Arkansas and Northern Texas,and enable the troops now here to be used in other places. If a movement of this kind should be made, it must be prompt. The infantry should be sent by steamboat, or as near as possible by boats, and a force should be sent large enough to move on the north side of the river.

Very respectfully, &amp;.,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

Abstract of morning report of Marmaduke's division, Missouri Cavalry, commanded by Brigadier General J. S. Marmaduke, July 31, 1863.

Present for duty.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Aggregate	 Aggregate

 	 	 present.	 present

 	 	 	 and

 	 	 	 absent.

Marmaduke's	 121	 942	 1,398	 3,453

brigade

Shelby's brigade	 120	 1,259	 1,570	 2,281

Total	 241	 2,201	 2,968	 5,734

[HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,] Shreveport, La., August 1, 1863.

Major General J. C. TAPPAN,

Care of Brigadier-General Hebert, Monroe, La.:

SIR: General Smith directs you to proceed without delay with your brigade to Pine Bluff, Ark. On your arrival at that point,you will report by letter to the commander of the District of Arkansas.

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY, Honey Springs, [August,-1863.]

Colonel A. S. MORGAN,

Commanding Post, Fort Smith:

COLONEL: Everything indicates that our hold of Fort Smith his a frail one. I desire, therefore, that you keep no large amount of supplies on hand. Have provisions placed at Riddle's, so that in case you are compelled to leave hurriedly, you will have something to fall back upon. There is a defensible position called the "Narrows," near Riddle's, I am told. Fall back to that place,if you have to fall back. Should the river be crossed above you, you can still retreat to that point by going south to the road running from Waldron to Riddle's. Captain [A. H.]

