
states that there are about 3,000 marched men in the army, and it is important that their should be armed at once.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., August 6, 1863.

Major-General MAGRUDER,Commanding District of Texas, &amp;., Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Smith directs that the brigade at Bonham be ordered to report at once to Brigadier-General Steele at Fort Smith.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY, Camp Soda Springs, C. N., August 6, 1863.

Colonel [JOHN] SCOTT,Commanding Northwestern Arkansas, Fayetteville:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that he wishes you to keep Colonel Morgan, commanding at Fort Smith, fully advised of the state of affairs in Northwestern Arkansas. It is all important that you should act in concert in the event of a movement upon Fort Smith from that direction. In that case you will report to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. G. DUVAL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS KITCHEN'S REGIMENT, Outpost, August 7, 1863.

Colonel BURBRIDGE,

Near Pocahontas, Ark.:

COLONEL: I take the liberty to submit to you the following report of matters as they no stand in regard to the enemy at Bloomfield and this side of that place:

I obtain information from different reliable sources that there are 500 troops at that place, 300 of which are ineffective, as they are sick making all of them ineffective. If there are 300 or 500 sick, it will take the remainder to provide for the sick. There are now between 200 and 400 troops at Chalk Bluff. It is believed that they will move down the Ridge. It is reported that they have immense supplies at Bloomfield, many guns being left at that place, and many other articles of value, besides two stores kept by individuals. We have moved to his place for the purpose of placing ourselves in a position to do some injury to the enemy in rear of the command now at Wittsburg. Colonel, if it would not interfere with your present base of operations, and

