
returned to that side, and return lists as early as possible of the two classes, both to the general commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department, and to the Adjutant and Inspector General here. The first class will, with the approval of the commanding general, be regarded as discharged from all obligations of parole,and free for immediate service. Of the exchange or discharge of the others, you will be informed as soon as it can be effected. When reconstituted, you will, under the instruction of the general commanding, and in conformity with the regulations existing,or which may be prescribed for the execution of the conscript law, endeavor to recruit and refill the numbers of your brigade.

It is desirable that these troops, or their equivalent, should, as opportunity will allow, be returned from the west to the east side of the Mississippi; but in reference to the ultimate disposition and movement of your brigade, when reorganized,you will apply for and obey such instructions as may be given by the general commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department.

Very respectfully,&amp;c.,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Abstract from morning report of Marmaduke's division, Missouri Cavalry,commanded by Brigadier General J. S. Marmaduke, August 10, 1863.

Present for duty.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Aggregate	 Aggregate

 	 	 present.	 present

 	 	 	 and

 	 	 	 absent.

Shelby's brigade	 59	 753	 976	 2,284

Marmaduke's	 92	 630	 1,056	 2,745

brigade

Total	 151	 1,383	 2,032	 5,029

HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Near Millican, August 11, 1863.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to state that, in compliance with the instructions of Lieutenant-General Smith,the brigade from the northern subdistrict,with Acting Brigadier-General Bankhead in command, has been ordered to report to Brigadier-General Steele at Fort Smith. I had not sent this brigade forward, for the reason that the aspect of affairs on the coast induced me to believe that more danger of in invasion lay in that quarter then in the wheat-growing region of the State at that time. This belief has been entertained by me for some time. The limited number of troops now under my command renders it impossible to hold certain positions on the coast. The occupation of any of these points, particularly from Saluria to Galveston, both of these points inclusive, would necessitate the withdrawal of my force from the other points on the coast,for the reason that by holding any of these places he would secure that railroad, and thus be enabled to place his force in our rear. After a consultation with Brigadier-General Scurry, Colonel Sulakowski, and Colonel Terrell, I have been led to adopt the following course as regards the disposition of certain regiments: I have ordered

