HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., August 13, 1863.

Principal Chief Choctaw Nation:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 1st instant. The "arms and munitions of war which were forwarded by the Secretary of War of fulfilling treaty stipulations between the Southern Confederacy and the Choctaw Nation," as you state, were on their way to the Mississippi, when they were diverted to Vicksburg, and there lost in the fall of that place. The Secretary of War has made arrangements to procure arms and munitions for the Choctaw Nation as soon as possible, and they will be duly forwarded as soon as received. I have also made arrangements to procure arms and munitions via Matamoras. I have been advised that,in accordance with stipulations, several cargoes have arrived off Matamoras, but their delivery, up to the latest advices, was prevented by some temporary difficulty with the French blockading squadron. As soon as I can get the arms and munitions from the sources stated, I shall have them forwarded to your people.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI 							DEPARTMENT,

No. 36. Shreveport, La., August 14, 1863.

I. All clerks and employees in the military service liable to conscription in the Trans-Mississippi Department will be immediately enrolled, and, within twenty days thereafter, sent to the camps of instruction in their respective districts.

All able-bodies men,except artificers and mechanics, who are now serving in the several staff departments will be relieved and ordered to join their proper companies and regiments, unless especially detailed by the district commander, upon proof of necessity of service. Their places will be supplies by those who are not capable of active service in the field, whether by age, sex, or physical disability.

II. All officers and soldiers belonging to the garrisons of Vicksburg and Port Hudson previous to the surrender of those places, who may be within the Trans-Mississippi Department, either by furlough or otherwise, will report by the 15th day of September next, or at the expiration of their furlough, at one of the following-named places, viz: Those from Arkansas, at the camp of instruction at Washington, Ark.; from Missouri, at Little Rock, Ark.; from Louisiana, at the camp of instruction near Shreveport, La.; from Texas, at the places directed by Major-General Magruder. The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation to officers and men reporting in compliance with this order.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY, Camp, August 15, 1863.

Brigadier General W. L. CABELL, Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The two brigades, one for convenience of grass and water, are move widely separated than I desire. It is, therefore, necessary to

