
exercise great vigilance. Should you learn of an advance of the enemy, you will move back in the direction of your late camp, on Imochia, if you have time; otherwise move up the Sans Bois, on the road from Perryville to Fort Smith, and westward along that road until a junction of the two commands is effected.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY, Camp on Long Town Creek, C. N., August 16, 1863.

Captain [S.] HOWELL,In Charge of Detachment:

CAPTAIN: You are detailed, with a portion of your company, to commence some defensive works on the road from Kansas to Texas. For this purpose you will establish your camp from 10 to 20 miles on the north of Boggy Depot, at such point as you may determine upon, after a careful examination of the country, as being the most suitable for defense. You will then endeavor to get labor and tools from the planters on Red River, and commence such batteries and lines of intrenchment as may be required, calculating your lines for the occupation of 2,500 men. It is not expected that you will be able to fortify extensively, but it will be of great benefit, should there be an advance upon Texas on that line, to have the lines marked out and a commencement made. Some log-houses should be constructed for storage, wells sunk, bridges placed over the streams in the rear,&amp;c. Much is left to your judgment and to your practical knowledge. An engineer has been applied for, who will be put in charge if sent to me.

By order of Brigadier-General Steele:

B. G. DUVAL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, August 17, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. A., Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Upon being assigned to the commanded of a division here, I found that the Missouri regiments in this department were known by the names of their commanders. The inconvenience of the practice led me to number thos in my division (Parsons' brigade) according to the date of their organization respectively. Knowing that there were but six regiments of infantry from Missouri on the east side of the Mississippi River,and that no muster-rolls of the Missouri regiments on this side had been received in Richmond, on the 1st of April I ordered the regiments in Parsons' brigade to be designated as follows: Caldwell's as the Seventh Regiment Missouri Infantry; Hunter's as the Eighth Regiment Missouri Infantry; White's as the Ninth Regiment Missouri Infantry, and Pickett's as the Tenth Regiment Missouri Infantry, and they were so designated on the muster-rolls of April 30.

These regiments were organized, viz: August 31, 1862, the Seventh Regiment, under Colonel Jackman; September 15, 1862, the Eighth Regiment, under Colonel Hunter; October 22, 1862, the Ninth Regiment,

