
under Colonel White,and November 10, 1862, the Tenth Regiment, under Colonel [A. E.] Steen.

The next senior regiments Missouri infantry appears to be that of Colonel John B. Clark, jr., which was organized November 16, 1862; and the next that of Colonel Charles S. Mitchell, organized January 16, 1863. It seems that the officer who bore the April muster-rolls of Frost's brigade to Richmond reached there in advance of the bearer of the other muster-rolls, and that the regiments of that brigade (Clark's and Mitchell's regiment and Musser's battalion) have received the numbers which had been given to the regiments in Parsons' brigade. I beg leave to submit the matter to your attention, and to be that you will designate officially the numbers which these regiments shall respectively bear. Until then I shall not give any further orders on the subject. You will also oblige me by sending me the proper numbering of the cavalry regiments from Missouri, and of the infantry regiments from Arkansas, none of which in this district are now numbered.

I have the honor to be, general,very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI 							DEPARTMENT,

No. 37. Shreveport, La., August 17, 1863.

I. Major W. B. Blair, commissary of subsistence, is announced as chief of the bureau of subsistence for the Trans-Mississippi Department. All returns and reports required by the regulations to be made to the chief of this bureau at Richmond will in future be made to Major Blair, commissary of subsistence, at Shreveport, La.

II. Muster-rolls of troops serving in this department will in future be sent to Colonel B. Allston, inspector-general, at Shreveport, La.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,

No. 11. Camp on Bayou Meto, August 17, 1863.

I. In accordance with Special Orders, No. 133, Headquarters District of Arkansas, Little Rock, August 15, 1863, the undersigned assumes command of Price's division, relieving Brigadier General J. F. Fagan, who will assume command of his brigade.

II. First Lieutenant F. Von Phul is announced as aide-de-camp. The other officers of the division staff will remain as already constituted.

D. M. FROST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Price's Division.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY, Camp Brookin's Creek, August 17, 1863.

Brigadier General W. L. CABELL,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: You appear to have drawn the conclusion that it is my intention to fall back on Perryville. I have no intention of falling back

