
national legislature of the Cherokee Nation which convenes to-day, and which had,of course, to meet in the Nation. Besides protecting a loyal nation in its first exercise of civil authority since the rebels seized on them, authorities and all, it cannot fail to have a happy effect on the other Indian nations. This is precisely the same legislature that was compelled, under a despotic pressure, to pass an ordinance of secession, and their voluntary rescinding of it is more significant. I left a post at Maysville, near Camp Curtis, of about 200 men to guard my connection to the Arkansas and to Fayetteville,and to run a small mill that otherwise would feed the rebel guerrillas.

I sent another train of provisions down toward Fort Gibson, to relieve destitute and starving citizens. I have a distributing agent at Park Hill, and one at Hildebrand's Mill, about the center of the Nation, where I have a company running the mill. There is no grain there, and I have to supply it from above and east of this place.

The extreme want of the people below here steadily assumes a more serious cast. My movements are much embarrassed for want of transportation,as my brigade train was the broken down teams of the First Division. My supply train arrived safely from Fort Scott, last night. I have been able, up to this time, by hard labor of my command, in doing very well. Sine the 7th of January I have had about twelve or thirteen days' rations for the Third Brigade. I have obtained the rest of the subsistence required from the Third Brigade from the country. Have sent six days' rations of bread, beans, and several articles for hospital to command of Colonel Harrison, at Fayetteville. Have sent two trains of flour and meal into the Indian Nation,and have subsisted about 1,000 starving refugees, principally women and children, round my camp.

Forage is scare, and has to be hauled some distance and economized. I can manage to subsist here for a week or two, perhaps three, and could move east or southeast into Arkansas again and live some way, until the 1st of March, when I propose moving forward to the Arkansas River.

I have as yet received no orders from you,and shall govern myself on the general plan indicated until I do.

We have here severe cold and snow.

I have a scout now toward Fort Gibson, one toward Webber's Falls, one toward Van Buren, and one on Grand River.

Different parties of my command have had skirmishers with the guerrillas,always with good results. They attack my foraging trains and scouts from the brush, but generally suffer severely, as the Indians are dangerous customers in such conflicts, and bushwhacking is sensibly on the decline here.

I remain, with profound respect, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

HDQRS. STATE OF MISSOURI, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Saint Louis, February 4, 1863.

Brigadier General BEN. LOAN,

Commanding Central District of Missouri, Jefferson City:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the following distribution of the companies composing the Third, Fifth, Twelfth, and Fourteenth Regiments Missouri State Militia Cavalry has this day been ordered, in conformity with General Orders, No. 5, current series, from these

7 R-VOL XXII, PT II

