
the same to Little Rock. I would call your attention to a publication in the last Patriot with reference to the movements of troops. The writer is evidently in your command. Is the statement that Major King is en route to Little Rock correct?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.- I wish you to keep your troops as much together as possible, with a view to the rapid concentration of all the troops under my command. Should Bankhead come up, I propose crossing the Arkansas, should the force in Northwestern Arkansas not be too large.

ON COURIER LINE, August 22, 1863.

[Brigadier-General MARMADUKE:]

GENERAL: Colonel Gordon has taken up line of march for Brownsville. The Federals drove in his pickets again this morning. He is going to Brownsville by by-roads.

The enemy are moving toward Brownsville; they are already ahead of him (Colonel Gordon); there are three brigades of them, two of cavalry and one of infantry. Colonel advised me to break up this line of couriers and re-establish it on the Des Arc and Brownsville road. The Federals have a very large train, supposed to be between 500 and 600.

General, I will report to you in person to-night, or as soon as possible.

W. T. McCUTCHAN,

Lieutenant in Charge of Courier Line.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, Galveston, August 22, 1863.

Brigadier General S. P. BANKHEAD,Commanding Northern Sub-District of Texas:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to write you and say that you will move at once with that force you have to the assistance of Brigadier-General Steele. You will, if you can do so, drive the Indians from the border as you go,and if not able to do so (and it is feared you will not), you will proceed with dispatch to comply with the above order.

Orders will be issued Gould's regiment, in place of Terrell's, to proceed by forced marches,as quickly as they can get their horses ready, to join you. This change was rendered necessary from the fact that a portion of Terrell's regiment had to be ordered to this point to quell a spirit of mutiny that had manifested itself, which I add, for your information, is entirely subdued. One battery, Captain Jones' company of light artillery, is also ordered to report to you. The general commanding thinks that these troops will be all that he can possibly spare you from the forces under his command, already rendered too weak to guard properly the extensive coast and frontier under his command.

I am, general, yours, respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. T. CARRINGTON,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

