
SHREVEPORT, LA., August 23, 1863.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Little Rock:

GENERAL: Your telegram just received. General Smith has not returned from Marshall. I have forwarded your dispatch to him. I would suggest that when the enemy approaches so near as to leave no doubt of his designs on Little Rock,and you are obliged to fall back, that you remove the sick first, and then the commissary, ordnance, and quartermaster's stores, destroying everything you are obliged to leave behind that can be of any use to the enemy. There should be no doubt of the enemy's movements.

Your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Brownsville, August 23, 1863.

Brigadier General 	J. S. MARMADUKE,In the Field:

GENERAL: Yours this date just received. I inclose instructions for you,* a copy of which has been previously sent you by courier from these headquarters. As to the enemy, they advanced in heavy force on yesterday, with wagon train, far in this direction, and their march continued into the night. I am now trying to ascertain his whereabouts and his movements. It is reported to me by my advance to have been all of Davidson's command.

My command is here. Any positive information received by me will be furnished you if you will keep your courier line up or keep me informed of your position.

Be pleased if you will reciprocate.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

L. M. WALKER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION, August 23, 1863.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD:

MAJOR: I propose to move Clark's brigade to Redoubt No. 1, because the position he now occupies is covered by the troops in front of Bayou Meto, while the road by Shoal Ford [Shallow Ford] is entirely unguarded, unless our cavalry now occupy it in sufficient force, of which I have received no notice. While the fords and crossings of the river below are unguarded, I do not feel at liberty to recommend Tappan's brigade to be ordered to this side of the river. I have ordered the advance brigades to fall back to the rifle-pits (which,in their incomplete condition, are hardly worthy of the name), and have directed Colonel Clark to move to Redoubt No. 1; and if General Tappan should be ordered over, Clark can very readily be advanced to Mount Gallant or Redoubt No. 3.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. M. FROST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

