
have sought his advice upon nearly all subjects of a civil character pertaining to my administration, and thus familiarized him with the policy adopted by me and approved by the major-general, I have asked and received his consent to take the command of this sub-district until the pleasure of the major-general could be made known. He has been assigned to the command of a camp of instruction at Tyler, by Lieutenant-General Smith; but I suggest that Colonel Roberts can render very valuable services if commanding the sub-district. He is an old citizen of the State, has the confidence of the people, and is familiar with the resources of this portion of the State. If consistent with the interests of the service, I urge that Colonel Roberts may remain in command of this sub-district, with his headquarters at Bonham.

I have the honor to be, captain your obedient servant,

SMITH P. BANKHEAD,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,

No. 14. Camp Martin Green, August 23, 1863.

The different brigades of this division will be at once put in motion in the direction of Little Rock, and will take position in front of the town. Brigade commanders as they arrive will report in person at these headquarters for specific instructions.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Brigadier-General Frost:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, August 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General MARMADUKE,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have received from district headquarters the following:

The general does not approve the proposed movement at this time.

You will continue to make preparations to receive the enemy here to the best advantage. The right brigade of your division will be considered as having the railway station, &amp;c., especially in charge, and must advance pickets to the front on railroad and wrong road leading to the front, near the railroad. You will find Dobbin's brigade about 7 miles south of you, and on lower Pine Bluff road, which is the route for your courier line to that to that brigade.

Yours, respectfully,

L. M. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[P. S.]- I will be absent from these headquarters this forenoon, examining roads, &c.

HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION, August 25, 1863.

Major SNEAD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: A constant artillery fire is now being distinctly heard in the

