
headquarters, consolidating the Missouri State Militia, a copy of which is herewith inclosed:*

Third Cavalry.- Companies A, B, C, and E, of the Third, have been attached to the Sixth Cavalry as Companies I, K, L, and M, respectively, and Company D, of the Third,has been broken up and the men distributed among the Sixth. Companies F, G, H, and K, of the Third, have been attached to the Seventh Cavalry as Companies I, K, L, and M, respectively,and Company I, of the Third, has been broken up and the men distributed among the Seventh.

Fifth Cavalry.- Companies B, C, and F,of the Fifth, have been attached to the First Cavalry as Companies, I, L, and M, respectively, and Companies A and D, of the Fifth have been broken up and the men distributed among the First. Companies F, G, H, and K, of the Fifth, have been attached to the Ninth Cavalry as Companies I, K, L, and M, respectively,and Company I, of the Fifth, has been broken up and the men distributed among the Ninth.

Twelfth Cavalry.- Companies A, B, and H, of the Twelfth, have been attached to the Third (late the Tenth) Cavalry as Companies K, L, and M, respectively; Companies D, E, and F, of the Twelfth, have been attached to the Fifth (late of Thirteenth) Cavalry as Companies K, L,and M, respectively, and Companies G and C, of the Twelfth, have been broken up and the men distributed among the Fifth.

Fourteenth Cavalry.- Companies A and D, of the Fourteenth, have been attached to the Fourth as Companies L and M, respectively, and Companies B and C, of the Fourteenth, have been broken up and the men distributed among the Fourth. Companies G and H, of the Fourteenth, have been attached to the Eighth as Companies L and M, respectively, and Companies E and F, of the Fourteenth, have been broken up and the men distributed among the Eighth.

You will see that the foregoing orders of consolidation are promptly and faithfully carried out among the regiments of Missouri State Militia, under your command.

By order of the commander-in-chief:

WM. D. WOOD,

Acting Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GEN'S OFFICE,No. 57. Washington, February 4, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XVI. Brigadier General W. F. Barry, Brigadier General G. W. Cullu, and Colonel G. Thom will continue a board to consider and report upon the policy of arming New Madrid with heavy ordnance,and whether field artillery will not be sufficient for the defense of that place. The board will meet on the 5th instant at Headquarters of the Army.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, February 5, 1863.

Brigadier General R. C. VAUGHAN:

GENERAL: As a general rule, trade ought to regulate itself, yet there is much force in your letter of the 26th ultimo, urging entire prohibition

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

