
road. If such should prove to be the case, convey an order to them from General Steele to join General Cooper at once, on the Perryville road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. G. DUVAL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY, Camp on East Boggy, August 27, 1863.

Actg. Brigadier General S. P. BANKHEAD and other commanders:

SIR: I am directed by General Steele to say that you will move with all the troops under you command to the Middle Boggy, with all possible dispatch. The enemy is advancing. Should he continue, a battle will be inevitable. It may occur within twenty-four hours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,B. G. DUVAL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., ARMY OF TEXAS, Camp Bankhead, August 27, 1863-8 p.m.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose the latest dispatch from General Steele, written at 7 p.m. last night. Nearly all my command is already at Blue River, a few miles this side of Boggy Depot. I shall march all night, and be with General Steele is twenty-four hours. My troops will be comparatively fresh. You will see the importance of hurrying forward all and any re-enforcements the major-general can spare. I have Gurley and Hardeman and four companies of Bourland's and Krumbhaar's battery, not exceeding in all 800 men. I shall endeavor to hold the enemy in check, and will take up all the intrenching tools I can obtain.

I have the honor to be,very respectfully,

SMITH P. BANKHEAD,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY, Camp near Perryville, August 26, 1863.

[General S. P. BANKHEAD:]

GENERAL: I received to-day your letter with the welcome information that you were coming this way. I am falling back before a much superior force of the enemy. If your men were here, they could be gratified in their desire to be under fire, with but little delay. I believe the enemy's desire to have been to crush out this part of our force,and to turn in the direction of Fort Smith, Ark. It remains to be seen whether he will dare to expose Fort Gibson by a move upon Fort Smith. I am anxious that your force should join me on this road as soon as possible,to advance upon Fort Gibson or to pass by a by-road on to the Boggy and Fort Smith roads, as may be advisable. Should be Federals

