
still continue to follow, I shall fall back still farther. My rear guard has been engaged to-day. With what force he is following, I have not yet learned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

7 P. M.- The Federal cavalry is still harassing us, and the artillery and infantry reported not far behind. Hurry up.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY COMMAND,

August 27,[1863]-6.30 p.m.

This command will fall back as soon as it is dark. General Marmaduke will move his command to the Roberson place, 5 1/2 miles from Bayou Meto, on Military road. He will leave with Colonel Dobbin, who will from the rear guard, the two pieces of light artillery.

By command of Brigadier-General Walker:

J. C. ALEXANDER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., August 28, 1863.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Smith to inform you that four columns of the enemy are advancing into this department- one from the north, into the Indian Territory; one from Helena, about 20,000 strong, upon Little Rock; one from Vicksburg,about 10,000 upon Monroe, and one from Natchez, upon Harrisonburg. When last heard from, the enemy were at Bayou Meto, 12 miles from Little Rock. Monroe is believed to be already in their possession. The lieutenant-general commanding also anticipates, from information received, that Banks will move upon Lower Louisiana. There is no force sufficient to oppose the enemy's advance,and he will probably reach the Red River. You are directed to hasten the completion of the organization of the State troops, and to concentrate all your available force near the Red River. You will call into service all organized companies of minute men. You will remove your headquarters to some point near the troops, and personally supervise their movements. No time should be lost in perfecting these arrangements. The new troops should be made available as rapidly as possible. It would be disastrous should we be compelled to fall back beyond the line of Red River.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION,

August 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I am instructed by the brigadier-general commanding to inform you that the enemy commenced crossing Bayou Meto, below

