
attached to that brigade or which may be near Pine Bluff, South Bend, or Gaines' Landing. He charges you particularly with the duty of guarding the crossing of the Arkansas, and watching any advance of the enemy in this direction by any of the approaches south of the Memphis and Little Rock Railroad. He wishes you to establish communication with Brigadier-General Marmaduke, who has been charged with the protection of the railroad and of all approaches to the north and west of it. A copy of the instructions given to him are inclosed for your information.* You will relieve Jeffers' regiment, now stationed near Terry's Ferry, with a detail from your own brigade.

The headquarters of Major [C. L.] Morgan, commanding Carter's brigade,are at Pine Bluff; those of Captain [L. J.] Wilson, commanding Carter's regiment, are at Judge Yell's, about 20 miles below Little Rock.

As soon as you shall have moved your headquarters at herein directed, you will please communicate the fact to the major-general commanding.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. SNEAD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY, Camp on Middle Boggy, C. N., August 31, 1863.

Brigadier General S. P. BANKHEAD, Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: You will proceed with your command in the direction of Fort Smith, with a view to re-enforce Brigadier-General Cabell, should he be hard pressed by the enemy.

Should there be no reason to suppose that General Cabell is in want of assistance, you will encamp on Gaines' Creek, and await further orders, putting yourself in communication with General Cabell, who will be found at McLane's crossing of the Poteau, or he will have fallen back on the Towson road, with a view of crossing on to the road from Riddle's. You will take with you ten days' rations,and your supply train will follow more leisurely with ten more. Should you learn that General Cabell is in need of assistance, you will move to his aid with rapidity.

By command of Brigadier-General Steele:

B. G. DUVAL,Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 40. Shreveport, La., August 31, 1863.

General Orders, No. 36, current series, from department headquarters, is intended to embrace all officers and enlisted men in this department who were paroled at Vicksburg and Port Hudson, and is hereby extended to embrace all officers and enlisted men on parole as prisoners of war within the Trans-Mississippi Department.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

