
You will prepare and cause to be printed schedules exhibiting the objects of taxation, and the tax imposed on each object. Notice should be given in the various newspapers requiring all non-residents to make returns by the 1st of October. You will make your own returns monthly to the Secretary of the Treasury or his authorized agent.

Your compensation and that of your assistants will be as prescribed by law, or as is usual for such service. All delinquents will be reported promptly to these headquarters, with the reasons which may be assigned for said delinquency, so that corrective and coercive measures may be adopted immediately.

It is expected that you will enter upon the duties of this commission with all the zeal and vigor demanded by the exigencies of the case. A large revenue, it is confidently believed will flow into the Treasury as the result of your faithful and energetic labors in carrying out the provisions of the law with the execution of which you are charged. In our present isolation from the General Government at Richmond, you may contribute largely to the success of our cause by gathering in from the people sufficient amounts of money to carry on the operations of this department,and relieve the Executive of much apprehension on the score of a depleted treasury west of the Mississippi River, and, by drawing in rapidly the currency, its redundancy will be checked and the minds of the many relieved as to its declining value.

Thus you perceive that much is expected at your hands, and it is believed that all will be accomplished by your wise and judicious management of the trust now confided in you.

The Secretary of the Treasury may be prevented from making the necessary arrangements for the settlement of your assessment rolls, and you will in the absence of any agent of the Treasury Department designated for this purpose, send duplicate reports to these headquarters. An agent of the Treasury is promised from Richmond, but until he arrives I wish to be informed of your operations.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI 							DEPARTMENT,

No. 41. Shreveport, La., September 4, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel L. W. O'Bannon, quartermaster, is announced as chief of bureau of the quartermaster's department in the Trans-Mississippi Department. All returns and reports required by the Regulations of the Army to be made to the chief of this bureau at Richmond, Va., will in future be made to Lieutenant-Colonel O'Bannon, quartermaster, at Shreveport, La.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,

Little Rock, September 4, 1863.

To the people of Pulaski County:

The country demands the services of every citizen capable of bearing arms or ministering to the wants of the wounded. The enemy threatens

