
including the hospital department and cotton bureau, and immediate steps be taken for procuring by impressment, if necessary, the requisite negro force. I believe a large number of men would by this measure be added to the effective force in your district. Your own judgment will suggest the best method of carrying out this measure. I would suggest, however, that having made your estimates,and determined the pro rata call in each county, a well-known citizen of the county be appointed as agent, or to accompany the agent, for the purpose of fairly and impartially carrying it into effect.

I am,general, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

(Same to Generals Magruder and Taylor.)
HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION, September 5, 1863.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have just returned from visiting General Marmaduke's headquarters. Deeming it important that the road toward Austin should be protected to a greater extent than it is, General Marmaduke has dispatched one brigade to the gap for that purpose, retaining one on this road. I concurred fully with him in the disposition of his troops. If,however,the major-general commanding should be of a different opinion,please inform me, and will communicate the fact to General Marmaduke.

General Marmaduke is decidedly of the opinion that artillery, infantry, and cavalry have crossed the Bayou Meto Bridge, and that the enemy is in force at Austin, moving toward the Batesville road.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

D. M. FROST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Circular.]

To the People of Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas:

Your homes are now in peril. Vigorous efforts on your part can only save portions of your States from invasion. You should contest the advance of the enemy at every thicket, gully,and stream; harass his rear, and cut off his supplies. Thus you will prove important auxiliaries in my attempts to reach him in front, and drive him routed from our soil. Determination and energy only can prevent his destruction of your homes. By a vigorous and united effort you preserve your property, you secure independence for yourselves and children, all that renders life desirable. Time is now our best friend. Endure awhile longer; victory and peace must crown our efforts.

The annexed regulations governing the formation of corps for local defense are published for your information, and I call upon you to organize promptly under its provisions.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

