
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 42. Shreveport, La., September 5, 1863.

I. Companies, battalions, and regiments composed of persons not within the conscript ages (eighteen and forty-five) will be accepted throughout the department as volunteers for local defense and special service, under the acts of August 21, 1861, and October 13, 1862.

II. The organization of corps for local defense must conform to that prescribed for companies, battalions, and regiments of the provisional army. Battalions must consist of not less than five companies; regiments of ten companies. The minimum number of rank and file allowed for each company received will be 50 for infantry and 40 for cavalry. Artillery is not desirable.

III. The muster-roll of all such organizations must specify that the said organizations are raised under acts of August 21, 1861, and October 13, 1862, and subject to these regulations. They must contain a description of the volunteer as to gave,residence, and date of enlistment, and the term of the enlistment for the war. A muster-roll or a list of the names of officers and privates of each and every company must be immediately transmitted to the Governor of the State, the commanding general of the district, and through him to the commanding general of the department.

IV. No person shall become a member of a company until he shall have first taken and subscribed to an oath of allegiance to the Confederate States of America, a copy of which shall be filled with the muster-roll of the company as above prescribed.

V. Such organizations will not be considered in actual service for the purpose of receiving pay or subsistence, except when called fro by the commander of the department, who may at any time disband such companies.

VI. These organization will not be called into actual service until a necessity arises, and will not be required to go beyond the limits of the State to which they belong. They are expected to serve, when called out, as long as the emergency exists, then to return to their ordinary pursuit until again needed.

VII. Should any member of these organizations be captured, he shall be claimed as a prisoner of war, and all the protection of the Government shall be extended to him.

VIII. Arms and equipments should be furnished by the men; but when this is not possible they will be supplied by the Government to the extent of its ability. Members of cavalry companies must also furnish their own horses, but will receive 40 cents per day for their use while in actual service. Ammunition will be provided by the Government.

IX. Field officers of battalions and regiments to be organized will be appointed by the commander of the department in accordance with the acts aforesaid. Company officers may be elected by the members or appointed,as they may consent.

X. These organization will be preferred to and exempt their members from any call of militia.

XI. The commandant of any military post of the Confederate States, the sheriff of any country, or the colonel commanding any militia regiment,or the judge or justice of any county or other court, may certify or return the muster-roll,which must be sent to the adjutant-general's office at these headquarters for acceptance.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

