
to Colonel Dobbin, commanding cavalry at Terry's Ferry. They will move by Little Rock, on south bank of the Arkansas River.

By order of Brigadier-General Frost:

[L. A.] MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., September 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General STEELE,Commanding Indian Territory:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant General E. K. Smith to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 30th ultimo, and to assure you of his confidence in your ability, prudence, and zeal.

Two regiments, with a battery of artillery, have been ordered from the coast to assist you, and the larger portion of the cavalry (State troops) have been ordered to Bonham. When these latter reach Bonham, General [H. E.] McCulloch, in command of Northern Sub-District of Texas, will be directed to order forward the two regiments to support you.

The general commanding is satisfied that the Fabian police is the true one to adopt when not well satisfied that circumstances warrant a different course, and when the enemy retire that it is our policy to follow him, as you propose doing. There is a regular line of couriers from Bonham to Rusk, Tex.,intercepting the line from here to Houston. The battery to be sent from here will be pushed forward as soon as ready. Colonel Major's brigade of cavalry had been ordered to Bonham from Lower Louisiana, but a column of the enemy threatened Alexandria, and this brigade was stopped on its way.

I have the honor to be,very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GUY M. BRYAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., September 8, 1863.

Colonel STAND WATIE:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of August 9, in relation to affairs in the Cherokee country.

I know that your people have cause for complaint. Their sufferings and the apparent hill-faith of our Government would naturally produce dissatisfaction. That your patriotic band of followers deserve the thanks of our Government I know. They have now the respect and esteem of our people by their steadfast loyalty and heroic bravery. Tell them to remain true; encourage them in their despondency; bid them struggle on through the dark gloom which now envelops our affairs, and bid them remember the insurmountable difficulties with which our Government has been surrounded; that the has never been untrue to her engagements, though some of her agents may have been remiss and even criminally negligent. Our cause is the same - a just and holy one; we must stand and struggle on together, till that just and good Providence, who always supports the right, crowns our efforts with success. I can make you no definite promises. I have your interest at heart, and will endeavor faithfully and honestly to support you in your efforts and in those of your people to redeem their homes from an oppressor's rule.

