
CORRESPONDENCE, ORDERS, REPORTS AND RETURNS OF THE UNION AUTHORITIES FROM JANUARY 1 TO DECEMBER 31, 1863.*

WAR DEPARTMENT,

OFFICE OF CONSTRUCTION AND TRANSPORTATION

OF U. S. MILITARY RAILROADS,

Washington, January 1, 1863.

The following is published for the information of all parties interested therein:

The construction and operation of military railroads in Virginia will be separated, and each placed in charge of an officer as engineer or superintendent.

A. Anderson is hereby announced as chief engineer of the military railroads of Virginia; John H. Davereux as superintendent of the military railroads which terminate at Alexandria, with their connecting roads; James J. Moore as engineer of repairs of the same; William W. Wright as superintendent and engineer of repairs of the military railroad which terminates at Aquia Creek; E. L. Wentz as superintendent and engineer of repairs of the Norfolk and Petersburg and Seabord and Roanoke Railroads.

Engineers and superintendents are authorized to engage the services of all persons for whose acts they are held responsible, and may dismiss subordinates when, in their judgment, the interests of the service will be promoted thereby. They will be held strictly accountable for the results of their operations.

In general, appointments must be filled by those who are at the time, or who have previously been, in the military railroad service, and, other things being equal, those longest in the service will have preference. It must not be understood, however, that priority of appointment will give an individual precedence over those of superior merit or efficiency.

The superintendent and engineer on each road must decide custodians that arise, but if parties consider themselves aggrieved by said decisions they may appeal to the military director.

The rate of compensation of all employes will be fixed by the military director, and engineers and superintendents will be required to report monthly the names, duties, and compensation of all subs and artificers and the number and pay all laborers employed by them, and on what work employed.

Forms will be furnished by the military director.

As soon as found practicable, the existing rules, regulations, and orders having referencen of military railroads will be

---------------

* For all documents relating to the organization of troops on the Pacific Coast, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. L.

---------------

1 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

