
All persons refusing or neglecting to comply with this order will be called on to furnish supplies of provisions and forage for the use of the U. S. Army. Their property will be used to quarter troops, for Government store-rooms, &amp;c.

While loyal men are obliged to leave their families and homes, endure the hardships, take the risk of a soldier's life, and shed their blood in defense of the only truly republication Government in the world, rebel sympathizers, aiders, and abettors, seeking its destruction, must be made to feel the strong arm of the Government, whether found in arms against it or at home with their families.

By order of J. Warren Keifer, colonel, commanding:

T. J. WEAKLEY,

Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.] No. 41.] HEADQUARTERS Moorefield, Va., December 23, 1862.

OATH OF ALLEGIANCE.

I do solemnly and voluntarily swear that I will support, protect, and defend the Constitution and Government of the United States against all enemies, whether domestic or foreign, and that I will bear true faith, allegiance, and loyalty to the same, andy ordinance, resolution, or law of any State, convention or legislature to the contrary notwithstanding; and further, that I do this with a full determination, pledge, and purpose, without any mental reservation or evasion whatever; and further, that I will uphold and defend the government of Virginia as vindicated by the convention which assembled at Wheeling on the 11th of June, 1861; and will neither directly nor indirectly give aid or information to the enemies of the United States: So help me God.

- -.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 23rd day of December, 1862.

J. WARREN KEIFER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 10, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit to you copies of two papers recently served upon Mr. Job Parsons, a citizen of Tucker County, Va., by the military authorities of the United States in that region.* The originals of these papers are now in the possession of His Excellency the President of the Confederate States, who has directed me to communicate with you on the subject.

I am unwilling to believe that such threats against unarmed and defenses citizens as are contained in the extract from what purports to be an order from Brigadier-General Milroy have received the sanction of any soldier, and have the honor to ask whether the extract from the order referred to is literally or substantially correct.

---------------

* See enclosures Nos. 1 and 2, Imboden to Davis, December 9, 1862, Vol II, this series, p. 944.

---------------

