
some modifications, and he wishes you, on receipt of these regulations, to telegraph to him such suggestions and alterations as you may deem proper, to suit them to the peculiar condition of your department. Re-enforcements from Steele to Hurlbut should be hurried forward with all possible dispatch. Our lines in West Tennessee have been left too weak.*

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 6, 1863.

Major A. S. DIVEN,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Elmira, N. Y.:

MAJOR: I am directed by the Provost-Marshal-General to inclose herewith a copy of a letter to Brigadier General R. A. Peirce, assistant quartermaster-general of Massachusetts, of October 26, 1863.+ The principles contained in this letter will govern this Bureau so far as they may be applicable to your State. Should the Governor desire to recommend recruiting agents under this scheme the Provost-Marshal-General directs that his wishes be consulted.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar letter sent November 7 to Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford and Major Gilbert, Pennsylvania; Lieutenant-Colonel Buchanan, New Jersey; Major Jeffries, Maryland; November 9 to Colonel Baker, Indiana; November 11 to Lieutenant-Colonel Hill, Michigan; Lieutenant-Colonel Lovell, Wisconsin; November 12 to Lieutenant- Colonel Darr, West Virginia; November 16 to Major Duncan, Iowa; Colonel Alexander, Missouri.)

PROV. MARSHAL'S OFFICE, TENTH DISTRICT OF PA.,

Pottsville, November 7, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Prov. March General United States, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: The little town of Audenried is a mining post town in Carbon County, Eleventh Congressional District of Pennsylvania.

Yorktown is the place of a colliery on the New York and Lehigh Coal Company's estate, in sight and perhaps only a quarter of a mile east of Audenried, and also in Carbon County. Hazleton is a considerable post town some five miles off to the northeast, in Carbon County, from Audenried.

Jeansville is a large mining post town, about a mile northeast of Audenried, in Luzerne County, in the Twelfth Congressional District of Pennsylvania. Frenchtown, or, as it is sometimes called, New Pottsville, and sometimes New Perigneux, is the place of an old colliery in sight and about a quarter of a mile north of Audenried, in Luzerne County.

---------------

* See Schofield to Halleck, November 5, Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p. 696, and foot-note to same.

+ See p. 928.

---------------

