
Honey Brook is the place of two collieries, about half a mile distant and west of south from Audenried, and is in Schuylkill County, in the Tenth Congressional District of Pennsylvania.

Audenried, Yorktown, Frenchtown, and Honey Brook being, as it were, out of the world, are notoriously the receptacles of the worst classes of mining and laboring men.

Some of my officers serving notices on drafted men in Blythe and Schuylkill Townships, lying east of Honey Brook, had been driven off, and a similar treatment was threatened at Honey Brook. After having properly learned the residences of all the drafted men in Honey Brook, I dispatched a force of fifty cavalry, with my deputy, Uriah Gane, on Monday morning, the 20th of October, to protect and aid the officer in leaving notices. The expedition was very successful. The notices were served on all the drafted men there, and also on those in Schuylkill and Blythe Townships, and likewise in Mahanoy, which is another mining township. The men then notified have pretty near all reported here.

While the cavalry were in Honey Brook they were invited by Mr. George K. Smith, the coal mining tenant, over to his house in Yorktown and were entertained very handsomely by him there. Toward the close of that week Mr. Smith wrote a letter to Deputy Gane, in which he told him that the population there and thereabouts was very indignant at him for having feted the cavalry as he had done, and also that he was suspected and charged with having pointed out the drafted men about there to the notifying officers, and that his life had been threatened. I regret that Gane has mislaid or lost this letter, because I desired to quote from it Mr. Smith's language to you. Mr. Smith was a man of considerable education and skill as a civil and mining engineer; a man of force wherever he lived, and truly loyal and free spoken.

I received yesterday from Audenried the following letter, dated yesterday, from a reliable Union man to me:

eign of terror has now commenced in earnest up here. Yesterday a party of men came from Hazleton and notified us to stop work immediately, otherwise the breakers would either be "pulled or burned down." They said the war had gone on long enough, and that they were determined to put a stop to it.

Last night about 8 o"clock two men went to George K. Smith's door and inquired for Smith. One gave his name Evan Jones, and said he had a letter from Mauch Chunk that he must deliver personally. Mrs. Smith told the men that her husband was in bed sick, and if they would give it to her she would take the letter up to him. One of the men said he would give it to her, but instead of giving her a letter he pulled out of his pocket a revolver and a shot was fired into the house. The clerk came into the room to see what was the matter, when four shots were fired at him, one taking effect in his thigh. Smith hearing the disturbance down stairs, got out of bed and came down in his night clothes, when he immediately received a ball through his head, killing him instantly. They afterward fired several shots into him after he was fallen. This deed was done by men living in our own- neighborhood, but not identified. There was between twenty and thirty of them.

And now, either one of two things must be done. If the Government will not protect us and the property, especially on the Honey Brook estate, and make a clean sweep of the copperheads, then we must leave, and that soon. No one is safe, and we do not know who will be the next victim. The few Union men up here have to stand guard about our houses all night.

While I have been writing this I have received another letter, dated to-day, from the same gentleman, in which he says: "We got fifty infantry soldiers up from Beaver Meadoes" - which is a considerable

