
town some six miles off, in Carbon County - "yesterday afternoon. One of the soldiers got badly beaten last night by eight Irishmen; one of the Irishmen was shot. Yesterday six English and Welsh miners had to clear away from Honey Brook and Audenried, and more are going away to-day. We are expecting some cavalry."

Yesterday afternoon Decatur E. Nice, of this place, in talking with a gentleman in this town about Smith having been killed, said to him, "That is only the beginning of what we shall see here. There will be a complete revolution through this country before we are done with it," or "before it is through with." Mr. Nice is the brother-in-law of Francis W. Hughes, a bitter opponent of the Government and the war, and generally looked upon as the indicator and exponent of disunion sentiments and purposes here. Hughes is a man not unknown to you. The man who early desired that Pennsylvania should secede from the Union and join herself with the South, and who only at the close of July last declared, "That he did not want to furnish the army with soldiers; he was conscientiously opposed to the war and would not furnish the means to carry it on."

The demonstration at Audenried, which contains the killing of Smith, the wounding of his clerk, and the attempt to kill his wife, is not a murder - it is rebellion - and in my judgment ought to be treated as such.

I suggest that the flag of the United States should be raised at once on the house of Smith, and a sufficient force be quartered there to keep it flying and overawe all the rebels in and about that hiding place of the three counties.

I address myself to you upon this subject because I feel assured that you will be alive to it, and because I believe you will, at least, put my communication in such a channel that it will arrest attention and prompt somebody to check the rebellion and give such protection to Union men as they desire.

Very respectfully, yours,

C. TOWER,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Tenth Dist. of Pennsylvania.

FAYETTEVILLE, TENN., November 8, 1863.

Colonel FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

DEAR COLONEL: I arrived here to-day and have occasion to send over to the Nashville railroad to-morrow. I avail myself of this chance to send you a copy of an order made at Iuka in passing, applicable to the Department of the Tennessee.* I wish to explain to you some of the reasons for making this order, and I am anxious to be sustained. Memphis, Vicksburg, and all the towns occupied by our troops are thronged by a class of young healthy men who have avoided the draft, and who have followed the army partly for this purpose and partly to make money by the trade regulations, gambling, &amp; c. They are a nuisance, and were the source of trouble to General Grant and all commanders. This order may be a stretch of power, but it is in the right direction and is just.

General Hurlbut at Memphis assured me in person it would enable him at short notice to man all his batteries and have his organized forces for action outside his forts.

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. XXXI, Part I, p. 767.

---------------

