
The same will be the case at Vicksburg, Corinth, and other places, and it brings under salutary military control a class of men who were practically exempt from military service. I also believe the order to be lawful, and if you will back me I will see that it is rigidly enforced when the interests of the United States call for it.

I am, &amp; c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[NOVEMBER 9, 1863. - For Circular Numbers 100, Provost-Marshal- General's Office, amending paragraph 85, of the Regulations of the Bureau, see appendix to Fry's report of November 17, p. 1071.]

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 9,, 1863.

His Excellency WILLIAM CANNON,

Governor of Delaware, Dover, Del.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that Delaware's quota of the 300,000 volunteers called for by the President's proclamation of the 17th ultimo is 1,156.

This quota is the proportion of 300,000 men which Delaware should furnish, according to the number of men of the first class enrolled in that State, and without any regard to the quota assigned her for the present draft or the number of men obtained under that draft, and without regard to any deficiency she may have had under the calls for volunteers previous to the assignment of quotas for the present draft. The quota of Delaware for the present draft was 1,636. Up to the 17th ultimo the number obtained on this quota was 676, leaving on present draft, as made up to the 17th ultimo, a deficiency of 960. On all calls previous to the present draft the deficiency of Delaware was 473. Total deficiency, 1,433. The total quota, therefore, of Delaware for the next draft (in case another is rendered necessary by a failure to raise volunteers), as it appears from records up to the 17th ultimo, would be 1,156, the quota of 300,000 herein assigned and the deficiencies up to the date specified - that is, 1,433; total quota, 2,589. But this total deficiency (1,433) will, of course, be reduced by all held to service under the present draft after the 17th ultimo, and by all volunteers not heretofore credited, as well as by all the State may raise in excess of 1,156, her quota of 300,000 as called for by the President's proclamation.

If your excellency thinks best to subdivide the quota herein assigned to the Congressional district, and allot proportional parts to smaller subdivisions of your State, I would suggest that for harmonizing the subject of credits in drafts hereafter you regard the enrollment of the first class made by this Bureau as the basis of assignment. The provost-marshal-general of your State, and also the provost-marshal of Delaware, will give you all the aid in their power in this and all other matters connected with raising troops.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

These facts in reference to the present draft were merely given for your information, and not as a charge of deficiency against your State.

