
ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHALA-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Detroit, November 9, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: There have a good many rumors reached my ears recently in relation to projected movements from Canada by rebel refugees now there. These rumors have generally looked to an occupation, for a time, of the northern lakes, the release of prisoners at Johnson's Island and Chicago, and the seizure of the U. S. steamer Michigan, and have generally been so wild that I have not attached any importance to them. In the last few days disclosures have been made to myself and Colonel smith that I place some reliance on. A rebel agent has just arrived at Windsor with certificates of specie deposit in places in the rebel States amounting to over $ 100,000. These certificates are signed by Mr. Memminger and are drawn in favor of Henry Marvin. This agent also bears a recommendatory letter from Mr. Benjamin in favor of W. M. Marvin.

These certificates, I am told, can be readily negotiated at Windsor, and are of a similar character to those negotiated in Europe. A further supply is soon expected, and all the information I obtain relates to steamers to be purchased at Montreal, for which these funds are transmitted to Canada.

There are about 2,000 rebel refugees, escaped prisoners and active rebel sympathizers, in Canada.

John M. Jones, formerly an assistant adjutant-general in our service, has just arrived in Toronto, I am told, and there are said to be several rebel naval officers in Canada.

That some project of magnitude is in contemplation I feel very certain, and I have communicated with the U. S. consul-general at Montreal.

Since writing the above I am informed that nearly all of the rebel refugees have left for Montreal, and the information points more positively to Johnson's Island. I have furnished Colonel Smith, military commander, with an officer to proceed to-night to Johnson's Island and explain more fully the information that is received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. HILL,

Lieutenant Colonel Fifth Artillery, Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

MAUCH CHUNK, PA., November 9, 1863.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: It is perhaps proper that you should fully understand the condition of society about the coal mines in the Lehigh region. At the risk of trespassing upon your time I will undertake the explanantion.

Since the commencement of the draft a large majority of the coal operatives have been law-defying, opposing the National Government in every possible way, and making unsafe the lives and property of Union men.

They are so numerous that they have the whole community in terror of them. They dictate the prices for their work, and if their employers don"t accede they destroy and burn coal breakers, houses, and prevent those disposed from working. They resist the draft, and are organized into societies for this purpose. The life of no Union

