
man is secure among them, and the murder of such a citizen is almost a nightly occurrence.

The civil authorities make no effort to arrest this state of things. They say they are powerless and that to attempt the arrest and punishment of these traitors and miscreants, without having the ability to do it successfully and effectually, would only add fuel to the flames. Besides all this our "civil authorities" here seem to have too much sympathy for these very men, and they know it and are not slow to take advantage of it. They have closed up several large collieries and threaten that all must suspend work until the National Government suspends the operations of the draft against them. These men are mostly Irish and call themselves "Buckshots."

They have caused the high price of coal more than any other thing. Many of them with the work they do make from one hundred to two hundred dollars per month.

Committees of these men have waited upon operators and have told them that they must stop work; that they intend to end the war by cutting off the supply of coal and thus embarrass the Government and create coal riots in the large cities. This is a part of the rebel programme. If they can have their own way a few weeks longer they will work serious mischief, set afoot a most damaging fire in the rear, and very successfully "embarrass" the Government.

The question becomes a serious one, and the remedy to be applied should be immediate. What is to be done?

A military force of several thousand men should be s law declared, and summary justice dealt out to these traitors. Protection should be afforded to those willing to work, and those who will not work should be sent to work on military fortifications during the continuance of the war. It will not be safe to have them about. Nothing but thorough work will answer.

As the case now stands the national laws and authorities are defied and powerless. The Government, as in the case of New York, must take hold of this matter; the same element is at work here, while the injury to be inflicted may be as serious. I most earnestly beg of you to give the subject your careful thought. I understand a committee of coal men will call upon you and make a more full explanation of the whole matter.

I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant,

CHAS. ALBRIGHT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 9, 1863.

Major General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

I send you by mail a general order in regard to the recruiting of colored troops in the States of Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, and Delaware.* These regulations were adopted particularly in reference to the condition of things in the State of Maryland. Some modifications may be deemed by you essential in the State of Missouri. If so, you will please suggest such changes as you desire, or submit for the approval of the Department a general order upon the subject, which you think applicable to the circumstances in which you are placed.

---------------

* See General Orders, Numbers 329, October 3, p. 860.

---------------

64 R R - SERIES III, VOL III

