
Exhibit of additional credits, State of Vermont, since supplementary exhibit of date August 26 up to October 31, 1863.

For new regiments (three-years) .......................... 191

NOTE. - Supplementary statement of August 26* balanced the account between the State the United States. By it 614 men in addition to number in statement of May 14 were passed to credit of State.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

November 10, 1863.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 10, 1863.

Major J. W. T. GARDINER, U. S. Army,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for Maine, Augusta, Me.:

MAJOR: In filling the quota of volunteers called for by the President's proclamation of October 17, 1863, it is the desire of this Bureau that Governors of States from which troops are required shall take the leading part in the work. Should any modification of the plan already adopted for the recruiting service be deemed advisable or be suggested by the Governor, you will please communicate with this office as speedily as possible, stating the nature and reasons of such modification. You will also co-operate fully with the State authorities in carrying out whatever measures they may consider advisable to secure the filling of their quota. If the Governor desires recruiting details from the old organizations, please ask him to make definite application at once, that the necessary orders may issue. You will please show this to His Excellency the Governor.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Similar letter sent to Brigadier-General Hinks, New Hampshire; Brigadier-General Pitcher, Vermont; Major Clarke, Massachusetts; Brigadier-General Hays and Major Diven, New York; Lieutenant- Colonel Buchanan, New Jersey; Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford and Major Gilbert, Pennsylvania; Major Jeffries, Maryland; Lieutenant-Colonel Darr, West Virginia; Colonel Baker, Indiana; Colonel Alexander, Missouri; Major Hill, Michigan; Major Duncan, Iowa; Lieutenant-Colonel Lovell, Wisconsin; Captain Clarke, Kansas; Brevet Major Lugenbeel, Oregon.)

CINCINNATI, November 10, 1863.

Colonel W. HOFFMAN:

Two days ago I received dispatch from Colonel Smith, commanding at Detroit, saying he had definite information of the fitting out of a rebel steamer at Montreal to attack Johnson's Island and release the rebel prisoners. I informed Colonel Pierson and telegraphed Mr. Giddings, consul-general at Montreal, asking him to investigate. To-day I got another dispatch from Colonel Smith saying he is positively informed the attack by two armed steamers will be made in

---------------

* See p. 725.

---------------

