
ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

WESTERN DIVISION, STATE OF NEW YORK,

Elmira, N. Y., November 11, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose copy of arrangements made with the State authority for recruiting. The Governor of this State is satisfied with the arrangements made and does not now propose to avail himself of the proposition contained in your letter of November 4 transmitting proposition to Governor of Massachusetts. I am very glad of this, because I do not believe we can get a better arrangement than we have.

I desire to say, and, after all that has been said about Governor Seymour, I think it but due to him that I should, that I have found him earnestly co-operating with me in every effort to promote recruiting. I believe him sincerely anxious to promote the success of this effort, and I believe, further, that we can succeed in obtaining our quota, not of course by the 5th of January.

We want the law so amended that each town may be exempt on raising its quota; then we want a law of our State authorizing towns to subscribe for bounties, and with this, by April next, I have no doubt New York will have completed her quota. I want as soon as you possibly can that you comply with my letter of yesterday about letting recruiting agents take the enlistment and be furnished with transportation for enlisted men to headquarters of the provost-marshal. I wish, If you comply with this, you would telegraph me on receipt of this, as I am getting out a general poster and want to insert this.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

[Inclosure.]

NOVEMBER 10, 1863.

Arrangements made by acting assistant provost-marshal-general Western Division, State of New York, with State authorities for recruiting and the payment of State bounties under last call for 300,000 men:

To all recruits, $ 75. Paid as follows: At date of enlistment, $ 10; on due muster in U. S. service and before leaving general rendezvous, $ 65.

To all who re-enlist who were in service of the United States in any of the first thirty-eight regiments (two-years) New York Volunteers on the 17th of April, 1863, will be paid $ 150. Paid as follows: At date of enlistment, $ 30; on due muster in U. S. service and before leaving general rendezvous, $ 120.

One copy enlistment paper and one copy muster and descriptive roll to be furnished paymaster-general State of New York, and the same to adjutant-general State of New York.

The paymaster-general State of New York is directed to pay these bounties upon certificate of the surgeon of the Board of Enrollment of the several Congressional districts.

Payment of bounties will be made at general rendezvous.

