
OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Harrisburg, November 11, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY, U. S. Army,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram inquiring what steps have been taken by the Governor and myself toward the new system of recruiting, and in reply present the following as the principal steps taken to further the interests and desires of the Government in attaining its object:

Nominations for recruiting agents have been required from the district provost-marshals, and forwarded as fast as they were received to the Governor for his approval, as instructed by a letter from your office. Some of these nominations are still in the hands of the Governor, who has not yet acted upon them. Nominations from the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Districts have not yet been made, as the boards of enrollment are still busily engaged with matters pertaining to the draft. Nominations from Sixteenth, Nineteenth, Twenty-second, Twenty-third, and Twenty- fourth Districts having been confirmed by the Provost-Marshal- General were returned to the provost-marshals of their districts.

Posters have been printed and furnished the districtt provost- marshals at the rate of 100 for their own use and 100 for the use of their recruiting agents.

Requisitions for blanks (enlistments, muster, and descriptive rolls) have been forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army; for the want of these blanks no active measures in enlisting have been taken.

Instructions relating to the matters of recruiting have been given to the provost-marshals by circulars and letters, and general questions made by provost-marshals have been referred to the Provost-Marshal-General for decision.

Complete lists of all the regiments whose term of service expire in 1864 and 1865 made out by the State officers, and by me furnished to the district provost-marshals.

The quotas, as assigned to each district by your letter of His Excellency Governor A. G. Curtin, communicated to the district provost-marshals.

A draft for dividing the districts of the State under my charge into sub-districts of boroughs and townships, and of cities into wards, made out and forwarded to provost-marshals for purposes explained to you in a letter of this date.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. V. BOMFORD,

Lt. Colonel 16th U. S. Infantry, Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

