
fit for service, and any orders conflicting with this are to be revoked. The force thus raised will be furnished with quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance supplies, as is the case with volunteers. A copy of the authority given by General Ullmann is hereby annexed.
EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., March 25, 1863.

INSTRUCTIONS TO GENERAL ULLMANN.

First. You will with all dispatch complete your preparations, and so soon as transportation is provided to New Orleans, and report to General Banks.

Second. You will establish, subject to the approval of the commanding general, your headquarters to Baton Rouge, and proceed to fill up your command with colored troops as rapidly as possible, reporting to this Department by every steamer the progress that you are making. It is expected that within thirty days after your arrival at New Orleans you will have your brigade filled up.

Third. We prepared, you will report for duty to Major-Genera Banks, under whose command you will perform such duties as may be assigned to you.

EDQIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, March 25, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a copy of instructions given this day to Brigadier-General Ullmann, to organize a brigade of colored troops in Louisiana.

I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that it is the desire of the War Department that you will afford Brigadier- General Ullmann and his officers every facility the circumstances will admit for immediately filling up his brigade. Volunteers will be allowed to come in from the plantations, and form every other source, who are fit for service, and any orders conflicting with this will be revoked. The troops thus raised will be supplied with quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance stores, the same as other volunteers. And you will assign these troops to such duty as our may deem them best suited to perform.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, March 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General ULLMANN,

Washington:

GENERAL: I am directed by the Secretary of War to give you the following instructions:

First. As soon as transportation is furnished, you will immediately proceed with the persons under your command to New Orleans and

