
difficulty here. It is suggested to send discreet men to the frontier Canadian towns to watch movements. Would you advise this? Be pleased to send me any additional information you may have.

WM. G. FARGO,

Mayor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 12, 1863.

Honorable WILLIAM G. FARGO,

Mayor of Buffalo:

Major-General Dix, commanding general of the department, has been ordered to take such measures as he deems essential for the protection of the frontier and to proceed to Buffalo. You will please confer with him. Any further information will be communicated to you, but the efficient, vigilant precaution may prevent any hostile act.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

OSWEGO, November 12, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Communication received. Will communicate the material facts to the commandant of the fort. Have every precautionary measure taken that can be. Apparently everything is quiet. Will give any aid and communicate any important information attained.

LA. G. B. GRANT,

Mayor.

CINCINNATI, November 12, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your telegram just received. I leave in an hour for Columbus to see Governor Tod, and thence to Sandusky. My dispatch to Colonel Hoffman, commissary of prisoners, shows what information we had day before yesterday.* I then sent a battery of rifled 10- pounders, and Governor Tod sent 500 newly-raised troops to Johnson's Island. I will arrange before leaving here for getting out the volunteer militia, transportation, &amp; c., but will have to see Governor Tod before the order is issued. Will telegraph you on arriving at Columbus.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SANDUSKY, OHIO, November 12, 1863 - 11.50 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Have arrived here. Governor Tod will furnish two regiments of volunteer militia to-morrow, and with these and the battery of Parrotts on the way from Cincinnati to this place, the prison depot will be safe. Port Stanley, in Canada, is said to be the rebel rendezvous. Will report further in the morning.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* See November 10, p. 1012.

---------------

