
The number of men, their company and regiment, the number of miles traveled, and rate per mile, will, in each case, be specified, as in passes for railroad transportation.

IV. Subsistence for recruiting parties detailed from regiments in the field and for recruits of regiments already organized will be provided by the Subsistence Department.

V. Recruiting parties and recruits, both of old and new organizations, will be quartered at the rendezvous if possible; but when convenience and economy require it, a contract for lodgings may be made by the superintendent, or the chief mustering and disbursing officer of the district, not to exceed 12 cents per night for each man. The rent of rendezvous, recruiting offices, and accounts for lodgings will be paid from the appropriation for "collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers," when approved by the superintendent, but not otherwise.

VI. Subsistence for new organizations, as specified in paragraph I of this order, will be furnished under contracts made by or under the direction of the superintendents, subject to the approval of the Provost-Marshal-General.

VII. All vouchers for subsistence will be accompanied by an abstract of issues (see forms 17, Subsistence Department, Army Regulations of 1861, and 19 of Army Regulations, 1863), certified by the officer ordering the issues. In the column of remarks the company and regiment to which the recruits belong will be stated. The vouchers will specify the date of contract, by whom made and approved, and be supported by a certificate of the superintendent or disbursing officer ordering the issues that the expense was necessary for the public service for troops raised for the United States; that the recruits charged for were present at the time the orders for rations were signed, according to the morning report of the officer in charge; that they were actually enlisted prior to the date charged for, and that the regimental organization was not complete at the date of the account.

VIII. All disbursing officers authorized to purchase public property from the appropriation for "collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers" will be held strictly accountable for every article purchased, and the property must be accounted for as required by paragraphs 962 and 1040, Army Regulations of 1861, in order that the accounts may pass to the credit of the officer making the purchases.

IX. In addition to knives, forks, tin plates, and tin cups, authorized in General Orders, Numbers 70, of 1861, spoons will be allowed to volunteers.

X. Superintendents of the Volunteer Recruiting Service and chief mustering and disbursing officers will in future be more careful in their instructions to recruiting officers under their direction, as it is believed that a large amount of money has been improperly expended by them in good faith, and through ignorance of the regulations, which cannot be reimbursed. It should be understood that they have no right to incur expense without proper authority, and no authority to expend money on account of the United States for recruits in their charge, except in cases of extreme emerg should fully explain the necessity, be approved by the superintendent, and presented for payment before the recruiting officer leaves the State. Advance bounties and premiums will, under no circumstances, be paid by recruiting officers.

XI. All expenses incurred on account of recruits (hereafter enlisted by recruiting officers, either for old or new regiments) who shall be rejected, after medical inspection, for obvious disability existing at

