
the time of their enlistment, will be charged on the muster-in roll, opposite the name of the officer enlisting them, and stopped from any pay which may thereafter be due him from the Government.

XII. Returns of property in charge of recruiting officers should be forwarded monthly to the superintendent or chief mustering and disbursing officer of the district for examination and approval, and transmitted by them to the Provost-Marshal-General as soon as practicable after the expiration of the month for which they may be due.

XIII. All vouchers for commutation of quarters and fuel of recruiting officers, detailed in accordance with General Orders, Nos. 105, of 1861, and 8, of 1862, must be accompanied, first, by a certified copy of the original order detailing them; second, by the order of the superintendent assigning them to duty, or his certificate that they have been so assigned; also a copy of the order relieving them from duty (with the final accounts). The certificates prescribed in form 21, Quartermaster's Department, Army Regulations, must in all cases be signed by the proper officers, or the accounts will not be allowed.

By order of the Secretary of War.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 13, 1863.

Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

It will not be necessary to send any force out of your State to Buffalo. It is believed that the measures taken by the Government will be sufficient to resist, and probably prevent, any hostile attack; but great vigilance, especially in regard to steamers, should be employed until further orders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 13, 1863.

Honorable F. C. SHERMAN,

Mayor of Chicago:

The Department is obliged to you for your telegram of yesterday. It is probable that the precautions taken by the Government may prevent any hostile attack; but the measures and vigilance mentioned by you are approved, and your action, under whatever circumstances may present themselves, will be fully sustained by the Government.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

U. S. MILITARY COMMANDER'S OFFICE,

Detroit, Mich., November 13, 1863.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that about ten days since rumors began to reach me that an expedition was being organized in

