
measure of success as heretofore, to bring this rebellion to a speedy and final termination.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, OFFICE OF THE SIGNAL OFFICER, Numbers 17. Washington, November 15, 1863.

In compliance with the instructions of the Secretary of War, Major W. J. L. Nicodemus, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, will assume charge of the Bureau of the Signal Corps.

In leaving at the order of the War Department the command of the corps, the Signal Officer of the Army expresses to the officers and men with whom he has served so long, and whose progress he has watched so interestedly, his appreciation of the zeal and gallantry with which they have brought forward their infant arm of the service, and the hope that, directed by others, their progress may meet with better success and higher reward. To each and all, officers and men, he extends his warmest regards and the feeling of the kindest friendship now and hereafter for every faithful member of the corps.

ALBERT J. MYER,

Colonel and Signal Officer of the Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, OFFICE OF THE SIGNAL OFFICER, Numbers 18. Washington City, November 15, 1863.

I. In compliance with the instructions of Special Orders, Numbers 499, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, dated Washington, November 10, 1863, I hereby assume command of the Signal Corps.

II. All existing rules and regulations will continue in full force until further orders.

WM. J. L. NICODEMUS,

Major, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

BUFFALO, November 15, 1863 - 10 a. m.

Major General W. T. H. BROOKS:

I shall be very glad to have the old soldiers mentioned in your dispatch of last evening. They will be in time if they leave Erie to-morrow morning.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

SANDUSKY, OHIO, November 15, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Dispatch from Detroit says:

Rebels who left Windsor to join the raid are returning, saying that the plans are frustrated for the present, and will have to be postponed for a time.

I regard this as ending the immediate danger, but will keep the force here as it is till the above is confirmed.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

