
that such portion of the principles as are embraced in the following points should be applied to the State of New Jersey, viz:

First. "That such officers of regiments in the field as the Governor may desire shall be detailed for recruiting service in the State and under the direction of the Governor, the detail being first made from regiments whose term of service expires in 1864."

Second. "That when practicable old regiments shall be sent home to be recruited under the direction of the Governor."

In reply I would respectfully state that these conditions meet with my approval, regiments to be sent home at such time as the commanding general in the field may see fit.

Your third point - "the Governor to have such arrangement as he may desire in regard to the amount and mode of payment of premiums for obtaining recruits for old regiments, and the persons to whom it is to be paid, premium not to exceed $ 25 for veterans and $ 15 for new recruits, nor to be paid till the recruits are accepted by the United States," the detail of such arrangements as the Governor may decide upon to be communicated to and arranged with the acting assistant provost-marshal-general for the State of New Jersey - also meets with my approval.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Buffalo, N. Y., November 16, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: At my request Governor Seymour ordered the Seventy-fourth Regiment New York State National Guard - militia - to report to me. I propose to muster them into the service of the United States for thirty days, unless sooner discharged.

There are at Elmira eight companies of the Invalid Corps, about 500 men. I learn that they have nothing to do now but guard barracks. If four of these companies could be ordered here, the Seventh-fourth Regiment might be mustered out of service.

Major-General Brooks telegraphed me from Erie yesterday that he had more men than he wanted, and at my request he sent me 100. They belong to Pittsburg, and should return there soon. There is neither a quartermaster nor a commissary here. If I can have four of the companies at Elmira they can be provided for by Captain Scroggs, the assistant provost-marshal, who has about thirty men of the Invalid Corps here now. They will make altogether about 275 men, and there certainly ought to be as many here under all circumstances.

Some detectives sent into Canada and just returned report nothing new, nor can they ascertain that there are any unusual assemblages. The warnings received from the British authorities make it proper to use all possible precautions, and I could not do less than I have done here.

I have ordered a detective from New York, and shall send him across the lines this afternoon. He is acquainted with many of the Southern refugees in Canada, and from him I expect to obtain the most reliable information in regard to their designs.

