
and certain localities, by offering bounties and adopting other means of stimulating enlistments, drew many of their own quota from the people of other places. Every new call was independent of any which had preceded it.

It was practicable to ascertain what number of men each State had furnished to the service of the United States at any given date; but while volunteering was going on simultaneously in various towns and districts of a State, it was found difficult, if not impossible, to equalize the draft, at any one time, among the respective districts or towns of that State; hence, complaints sometimes arose of inequality among towns and districts, for which the statute furnished no remedy, nor was it in the power of the Government to remove the difficulty. The claims and statements to the Bureau concerning the number of men furnished by towns were found to be conflicting, and sometimes irreconcilable. But the knowledge obtained by the enrollment and the establishment of the new system of keeping accounts directly with towns, counties, &amp; c., will facilitate the assignment of future quotas, and prevent further difficulty or confusion.

Circumstances have prevented the completion of the enrollment in some of the States. As far as completed the enrollment shows the national forces not now in the military service to consist of 1,113,305 men, including, of course, many whose claims to exemption will be established in case of draft.

THE DRAFT.

It was necessary that the draft should begin as soon as possible, and it was found best to adopt as the quota of each district one- fifth of the number of men enrolled in class one in that district. By this method of assigning quotas it became practicable to draft in each district (for its proper proportion) as soon as such district was enrolled. Other advantages beside the great saving of time resulted from this method.

The calls of 1861 and 1862 had been based upon population, and a sufficient percentage called for to make a given number. Therefore, those States which contained more females than males were really charged with a greater quota than those in which there was an excess of males.

A table annexed shows the relative number of males and females in several States, and it will be seen that some of the Western States, with quotas nearly the same as some of the Eastern, not only furnished their quotas and a large excess besides, but had a larger proportion of males left than Eastern States which had not entirely filled their quotas, and were therefore deficient. The deficiency was thus, probably, not from unwillingness to answer the call, but from want of men, while the excess was attributable in some degree to the surplus of men as well as to patriotism. Thus, the States to which most credits were to be given really had a larger proportion of men left than those to which deficiency should be charged.

The main object was to apportion the number among the States so that those previously furnished and those to be furnished would make a given part of their available men, and not a given part of their population, and this object was successfully accomplished.

A consolidation and recapitulation of final reports of the draft, so far as received up to November 1, is appended. The examination of drafted men is still in progress. Up to the 1st of November the

