
draft had brought into service about 50,000 men, including those who enlisted and were credited on the quotas after the draft had been ordered.

The enrollment of the forces of the United States necessarily included as disqualified, for various reasons, for military duty, because the enrolling officer was not authorized to omit any one between the ages of twenty and forty- five. The draft was made from the lists thus composed; hence, many persons drafted were excused, thus rendering the proportion of those who were held small as compared with those exempted. This result would have been avoided and larger proportion of troops would have been secured if the law had required the correcting of the enrollment previous to the draft; but this would have delayed the draft.

Statistics relating to the draft in the districts where it had been completed on the 1st of November, and a comparison of them with those on similar subjects in other countries, have been prepared under my direction, and appear in a report to me from Lieutenant-Colonel Coolidge, medical inspector, accompanied by tables and appended to this report. These tables and other information have led to some modification of the list of diseases, &amp; c., which disqualify men for military service, and the modified list has been put in force.

From these tables it will be seen that the ratio of rejections for mental and physical infirmities in the United States, France, and Great Britain, for the period stated, were as follows:

Ration rejected per

1,000.

United States:

1863	 319.1

France:

1831 to 1843	 324.4

1859	 317

Great Britain:

1842 to 1852	 335

1860	 318

1861	 451

On this subject I also append the report of the board of medical officers, upon which the present regulations regarding the physical examination of drafted men were based, and also a report from the New York Academy of Medicine, and letters from gentlemen of high standing in the medical department.

RESISTANCE TO THE DRAFT.

The draft was forcibly resisted in New York, Boston, and Troy. The riots in the last two cities were but feeble responses to the great effort made in the first to defeat the execution of the enrollment act. The resistance in Boston was promptly suppressed by the local authorities. The steps taken by this Bureau to conduct its business fairly and justly, and to secure the aid of the State officers in making the enrollment and draft, formed the subject of a special report to you, dated August 10, to which reference is had. On Saturday, the 11th of July, the draft commenced in the city of New York. On Monday, the 13th, it was broken up by a mob composed mainly of foreigners. The headquarters of two of the provost-marshals were burned and the public property (excepting the records) was destroyed. The results of this riot and condition of affairs in the State of New York made

