
United States service, to rendezvous at such place or places in Tennessee as may be designated by him or the Secretary of War, infantry, cavalry, and artillery to be organized according to the rules and regulations of the service; the number to be ten regiments of infantry, ten of cavalry, and ten batteries of artillery.

Second. Governor Johnson will nomine the officers, who will be commissioned by the Department. They will be mustered into the service of the United States by Governor Johnson. The troops will be enlisted for the term of three year or during the war.

Third. Quartermasters and commissaries will issue supplies to the troops so raised upon the requisition of General Johnson and wherever required by him.

Fourth That Governor Johnson be also authorized to raise and muster into the service of the United States such force as he may deem adequate, not exceeding one brigade, for the purpose of a Governor's Guard, which force shall be under his exclusive orders, and not to be withdrawn from his service or otherwise employed without his consent.

EDQIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, the Senate of the United Stats, devoutly recognizing the supreme authority and just government of Almighty God in all the affairs of men and of nations, has, by a resolution, requested the President to designate and set apart a day for national prayer and humiliation;

And whereas, it is the duty of nations as well as of men to own their dependence upon the overruling power of God, to confess their sins and transgressions in humble sorrow, yet with assured hope that genuine repentance will lead to mercy and pardon, and to recognize the sublime truth announced in the Holy Scriptures, and proven by all history, that those nationthe Lors;

And insomuch as we know that by His divine law nations, like individuals, are subjected to punishments and chastisement in this words, may we not justly fear that the awful calamity of civil war which now desolates the land maya be but a punishment inflicted upon us for our presumptuous sins, to the needful end of our national reformation as a whole people? We have been the recipients of the choicest bounties of Heaven. We have been preserved these many years in peace and prosperity. We have gown in numbers, wealth, and power as no other nation has ever grown. But we have forgotten God. We have forgotten the gracious hand which preserved us in peace, and multiplied and enriched and strengthened us; and we have vainly imagined in the deceitfulness so four hearts that all these blessings were produced by some superior wisdom and virtue of our own. Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too self-sufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace-too proud to pray to the God that made us.

It behooves us, then, to humble ourselves before the offended Power, to confess our national sins, and to pray for clemency and forgiveness.

Now, therefore, in compliance with the request and fully concurring in the views of the Senate, I do, by this my proclamation, desig-

