
a subject of regulation, the physiological and hygienic reasons therefor are as potent as those fixing the minimum standard.

The Board therefore respectfully recommend that the following paragraph be added to the list of disqualifications:

52. Stature: If the height of the drafted man be greater than six feet four inches, or less than five feet three inches, he is disqualified for military service. The height, in all doubtful cases, to be determined by accurate measurement, the recruit being made to stand erect on his bare feet, and care being taken that he neither increases nor lessens his stature by voluntary effort. Weight: The minimum, 110 pounds; maximum, 220 pounds.

* * * *

NOTE 1.--Here followed the list of disqualifying diseases, and directions for examining drafted men as published in Regulations.

R. H. COOLIDGE,

Medical Inspector, U. S. Army.

MEREDITH CLYMER,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers.

ROBERT BARTHOLOW,

Asst. Surg. U. S. Army, Recorder of the Board.

Report of a committed of the New York Academy of Medicine, appointed at the meeting held October 8, 1863, with power to consider the list of diseases and infirmities which disqualify drafted men for the military service of the United States, as contained in the Regulations for the Government of the Bureau of the Provost-Marshal-General.

The committee, consisting of Gurdon Buck, M. D., Prof. Willard Parker, M. D., Profs. A. C. Post, M. D., W. Detmold, M. D., Valentine Mott, M. D., A. H. Stevens, M. D., J. W. Drapper, M. D., Austin Flint, M. D., W. H. Van Buren, M. D., and John Ordroneoux, M. D., met, pursuant to call, on Monday, October 12, Dr. Gurdon Buck, chairman, and Doctor Van Buren, secretary, and proceeded to examine the list of disqualifications by paragraphs, with the following result in suggestions and recommendations for alterations, viz:

Paragraph 1 recommended to be altered to "Insanity, or manifest imbecility." (This is designed to include well-established previous insanity, with liability to recurrence.)

Paragraph 2. That last two words, "a convulsion," be altered to "the disease." (A case is known to the committee in which the only	 physician who had actually witnessed a convulsion had left the country.)

Paragraph 6. To insert 'such as" in place of "which." (Renders meaning less obscure.)

Paragraph 14. To insert "granular lids" after "chronic ophthalmia."

Paragraph 16. To substitute "decided" for "complete," and insert "chronic" before "purulent otorrhoea."

Paragraph 25. To add "or sternum."

Paragraph 27. To omit all after "hernia." (As is stands it might be inferred that umbilical or ventral hernia were not disqualifying causes.)

Paragraph 34. To omit "and cirsocele," and to substitute "is" for "are."

Paragraph 35. Recommended to substitute "excessive curvature" for "excessive anterior or posterior curvature." (This would include also excessive lateral curvature.)

