
States which men within the ages of the enrollment of the first class are went to leave for the more attractive fields of the West.

The District of Columbia exhibits in the table an apparent anomaly, more than half of the male population being enrolled in class one. It will be remembered, however, that the figures of the population are those of the census of 1860. In the interval between the census and the enrollment the population has largely increased, and especially large numbers of unreliable men have been brought to the District by the civil and semi-military employments incident to the military operations around it.

Comparisons suggested by the foregoing table will serve to answer, in part, complaints based upon assumptions of negligent or overzealous enrollments in this or that part of the country. Discrepancies assumed to exist as based upon the figure of the population in gross, or upon the Congressional apportionment, will be reconciled by analysis of the population with reference to ages, sex, and employments, the observer keeping in view the currents of immigration, and bearing in mind that, from the nature of things, the migrating population always embraces a preponderance of precisely those whom the enrollment of the first class has registered--that is to say, men from the age of twenty to thirty-five, and unmarried men beyond that age to forty-five.

Regulations for the Government of the Bureau of the Provost- Marshal-General of the United States.*

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 100. Washington, November 9, 1863.

Paragraph 85 of the Regulations for the Government of the Bureau of the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States is amended to read as follows:

85. The following diseases and infirmities are those which disqualify for military service, and for which only drafted men are to be "rejected as physically or mentally unfit for the service," viz:

1. Manifest imbecility.

2. Insanity. This includes well-established recent insanity, with liability to a recurrence.

3. Epilepsy. For this disability the statement of the drafted man is insufficient, and the fact must be established by the duly attested him in the disease within the six months immediately preceding his examination by the Board.

4. Paralysis, general, or of one limb, or chorea; their existence to be adequately determined. Decided atrophy of a limb.

5. Acute or organic diseases of the brain or spinal cord; of the heart or lungs; of the liver or spleen; of the kidneys or bladder, which have so seriously impaired his general health as to leave no doubt of the man's incapacity for military service.

6. Confirmed consumption. Incident consumption does not exempt.

7. Cancer; aneurism of the large arteries.

8. Inveterate and extensive disease of the skin, such as will necessarily impair his efficiency as a soldier.

---------------

*For paragraph 85 (here omitted), see pp. 136-139.

---------------

