
9. Decided feebleness of constitution, or deficient size of chest, sufficient in degree to leave no doubt of the man's unfitness for military service.

10. Scrofula or constitutional syphilis, which has so seriously impaired his general health as to leave o doubt of the man's incapacity for military service.

11. Habitual and confirmed intemperance, or solitary vice, which has so materially enfeebled the constitution as to leave no doubt of the man's incapacity for military service.

12. Chronic rheumatism, unless manifested by positive change of structure, wasting of the affected limb, or puffiness or distortion of the joints, does not exempt. Impaired motion of joints and contraction of the limbs is not manifestly impaired, are to be proved by examination while in a state of anaesthesia induced by ether only.

13. Pain, whether simulating headache, neuralgia in any of its forms, rheumatism, lumbago, or affections of the muscles, bones, or joints, is a symptom of disease so easily pretended that it is not to be admitted as a cause for exemption unless accompanied with manifest derangement of the general health, wasting of a limb, or other positive sign of disqualifying local disease.

14. Great injuries or diseases of the skull, occasioning impairment of the intellectual faculties, epilepsy, or other manifest nervous or spasmodic symptoms.

15. Total loss of sight; total loss of sight of right eye; cataract of right eye; loss of crystalline lens of right eye.

16. Partial loss of sight of both eyes, vision being so greatly impaired as to leave no doubt of the man's inability to perform military duty. Serious permanent diseases of the eye or eyelids, so manifestly affecting the use of the eyes as to leave no doubt of the man's incapacity for military service. Nearsightedness does not exempt; if found on trial to be so decided as to incapacitate for field service, the man may be transferred to the Invalid Corps.

17. Total loss of nose; deformity of nose so great as seriously to obstruct respiration; ozena, dependent on caries in progress.

18. Decided deafness. This disability must not be admitted on the me the drafted man, but must be proved by the existence of positive decease, or by other satisfactory evidence; and it must be so decided as bt of the man's unfitness for military service. Chronic purulent otorrhoea.

19. Incurable diseases or deformities of either jaw, such as will necessarily greatly impede mastication or speech. Anchylosis of the lower jaw; caries of the bones of the face, if in progress; cleft palate, (bony); extensive loss of substance of the cheeks, or salivary fistula.

20. Dumbness; permanent loss of voice; not to be admitted without clear and satisfactory proof.

21. Total loss of tongue; hypertrophy, atrophy, mutilation, or obstinate chronic ulceration of the tongue, if sufficient in degree to interfere seriously with the use of the organ.

22. Stammering, if excessive and confirmed; to be established by satisfactory evidence under oath.

23. Loss of a sufficient number of teeth to prevent mastication of food. This applies to those cases only where the loss teeth is so great that if the man were restricted to solid food he would soon become incapacitated for military service.

