
24. Tumors or wounds of the neck; impeding respiration or deglutition; fistula of larynx or trachea; torticollis, if of long standing and well marked.

25. Deformity of the chest, or excessive curvature of the spine, sufficient to prevent the carrying of arms and military equipments; caries of the spine, ribs, or sternum.

26. Abdomen grossly protuberant; excessive obesity.

27. Hernia.

28. Artificial anus; stricture of the rectum; prolapsus ani. Fistula in ano is not a positive disqualification, but may be so, if extensive or complicated with visceral disease.

29. Old and ulcerated internal hemorrhoids, if in degree sufficient to impair man's efficiency. External hemorrhoids are no cause for exemption.

30. Total loss or nearly total of penis; epispadias or hypospadia at the middle or near the root of Incurable permanent organic stricture of the urethra, in which the urine is passed drop by drop, or which is complicated by disease of the bladder; urinary fistula. Recent or spasmodic stricture of the urethra does not exempt.

32. Incontinence of urine, being a disease frequently feigned and of rare occurrence, is not of itself a cause for exemption. Stone in the bladder, ascertained by the introduction of the metallic catheter, is a positive disqualification.

33. Loss or compboth testicles from any cause; permanent retention of one or both testicles within the inguinal canal; but voluntary retraction does not exempt.

34. Confirmed or malignant sarcocele; hydrocele, if complicated with organic disease of the testicle. Varicocele is not in itself disqualifying.

35. Loss of an arm, forearm, hand, thing, leg, or foot.

36. Wounds, muscular or cutaneous contractions from wounds or burns, or tumors, which would prevent marching or otherwise manifestly incapacitate the man for military service.

37. Fractures, irreducible dislocations or anchylosis of the large joints, or chronic diseases of the joints or bones, that would prevent marching or otherwise unfit the man for military service.

38. Total loss of a thumb; total loss of the index finger of the right hand. Other permanent defects or deformities of the hands so decided as to leave no doubt of the man's incapacity for military service.

39. Club feet; total loss of a great toe. Other permanent defects or deformities of the feet such as will necessarily prevent marching.

40. Varicose veins of inferior extremities, if large and numerous, and accompanied with chronic swellings or ulcerations.

41. Chronic ulcers; extensive, deep, and adherent cicatrices of lower extremities.

Surgeons of boards of enrollment, in reporting "the statistics of the causes of exemption on account of physical disability," will hereafter, in addition to the alphabetical list of disabilities required by Circular Numbers 90ce, report the number rejected under each paragraph of the above list of disqualifying infirmities.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

68 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

