
the public service whenever called upon. The supply of gunpowder now exceeds the current consumption, and there is little or no probility of our being under the necessity of resorting to importation to maintain an adequate supply, and we shall not in any event obtain supplies in this way except as a last resort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of WAr.

CONCORD, November 17, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I believe it would be for the interest of the service in this State if the military commander should be authorized to discharge from the service all minors under eighteen years of age upon their refunding the bounty received. I request that General Hinks be authorized to discharge upon my recommendation. General Hinks approves of this . Answer.

J. A. GLIMORE,

Governor.

SANDUSKY, November 17, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STONATON:

Unless you direct otherwise I shall dismiss part of the militia to-morrow and the rest next day, retaining here artillery and the battalion of recruits first sent up. I think a battery, part long-range guns, and part Napoleons, entrenched in such earth- works as they could construct themselves, with the increase of the garrison to a full regiment, would make the island permanently safe. The long-range guns would perfectly command the channel, and the Napoleons would destroy the prisoners if they attempted to escape.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, November 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General COX,

Sandusky, Ohio:

You are authorized to act according to your discretion in respect to the discharge of the militia. They should not be retained unless needed, and you are the best judge of the necessity.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, November 18, 1863.

GOVERNOR STATE OF KENTUCKY:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith an exhibit showing the number of troops furnished by your State to include June 30, 1863, the date of the exhibit.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

