
into some which have ceased to exist by muster-out or consolidation. To prevent this the Provost-Marshal-General directs that you ascertain from the adjutant-general of the State in which you are stationed the condition of each regiment, and how many recruits are required for each, in order to guard against improper enlistments.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar letter sent to Brigadier-General Hinks, New Hampshire; Major Clarke, Massachusetts; Brigadier-General Hays and Major Diven, New York; Lieutenant-Colonel Buchanan, New Jersey; Major Gilbert and Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford, Pennsylvania; Major Jeffries, Maryland; Lieutenant-Colonel Darr, West Virginia; Colonel Baker, Indiana; Lieutenant-Colonel Hill, Michigan; Lieutenant-Colonel Lovell, Wisconsin; Major Duncan, Iowa; Colonel Alexander, Missouri.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 315. Saint Louis, Mo., November 18, 1863.

* * * *

4. General Orders, Numbers 135, is so far modified as to permit the colored recruits enlisted in the District of the Border (not to exceed one full regiment) to be rendezvoused at Kansas City instead of Saint Louis. The regiment will be organized by Brigadier-General Ewing, under authority heretofore given him by the War Department.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, November 18, 1863.

His Excellency Governor GILMORE,

Concord, N. H.:

Your telegram of yesterday in respect to the discharge of minors has been considered by this Department, and with every disposition to oblige you, it is believed that the authority requested to be delegated to General	 Hinks is not consistent with the good of the service, and is therefore declined. The cases, if there by any, should be reported, with evidence of the facts, to the Provost-Marshal-General for the action of the Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, November 18, 1863.

GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK,

Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a statement giving the number of troops mustered into the U. S. service and credited to the State of New York between June 11 and November 4, 1863. Under date of September 8, 1863, the Department was furnished with an exhibit from the office of your adjutant- general, which claimed additional credits to include August 11, 1863. As that date is subsequent

