
To these troops no bounties will be paid. They will receive $10 per month and one ration per day, $3 of which monthly pay may be in clothing.

The organization of the regiment must conform in all respects with the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 110, War Department, 1863, a copy of which is herewith.*

The respective companies of the regiment may be mustered into service in each case as soon as the minimum number of enlisted men is obtained.

The prescribed number of commissioned officers will be appointed

in accordance with the provisions of General Orders, Nos. 143 and 144, War Department, current series, copies of which please find inclosed.+ The appointments will be made to keep pace with the muster into service the necessary appointments for that company will be made. When four companies are mustered in the lieutenant-colonel of the regiment will be appointed, and so on, in accordance with the Revised Mustering Regulations.

The officers will be mustered into service on the presentation to the mustering officer of their appointments signed by the Secretary of War.

To facilitate the appointment of the officers, it is respectfully suggested that it would be well to forward to the Adjutant-General of the Army as early as practicable the names of such persons as you wish to have examined for appointment, and permission will be immediately given them to appear before the examining board now in session in this city.

In cases where persons in the service are recommended, the full name, rank, company, and regiment should be given.

The necessary supplies will be furnished by the respective departments upon requisitions approved by you.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, November 19, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Will you authorize the raising and organization of colored troops in this State, and credit the same to the State's quota?

WM. K. STRONG,

54 Pine Street.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., November 19, 1863.

Major-General BROOKS,

Erie, Pa.:

You will exercise your own discretion as to the force necessary to be retained at Erie.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See p. 175.

+See pp. 215, 216.

---------------

