
inary meeting at room Numbers 5, Clinton Hall, at 8 o"clock on Monday evening, November 16, 1863, to take measures for immediate practical action.

PETER COOPER,

DANIEL E. SICKLES.

Major-General, U. S. Vols.

MORRIS KETCHUM.

WM. CURTIS NOYES.

FRED S. STALMADGE.

[AND SIXTY-ONE OTHERS.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, November 20, 1863.

C. VANDERBILT, Esq.,

President New York and Harlem R. R. Co., New York:

Your letter of the 19th has just been received.* The engines referred to were seized by order of this Department from an absolute and paramount necessity for the supply of the armies on the Cumberland. They are absolutely essential for the safety of those armies, and the order cannot be revoked. Whatever damages your company may sustain the Government is responsible for; but the military operations, and the supply of the army at Chattanooga, in the judgment of this Department, and no doubt also in your judgment, are superior to every other consideration. Nothing but a controlling necessity would induce the Department to interfere with the business of any individuals or companies. This, however, is a case where the safety and support of an army depends upon the exercises of the authority of the Government and prompt acquiescence by loyal citizens. I hope, therefore, that you will not only throw no obstacle in the way of a speedily forwarding of these engines to Louisville, but that you will use you well-known energy in aid of the Government to hurry them forward.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, November 20, 1863.

M. W. BALDWIN &amp; CO.,

Locomotive Engine Builders, Philadelphia:

There is urgent necessity for the immediate completion and forwarding to Chattanooga of the three locomotive engines you have been constructing for the New York and Harlem Railroad Company. They have been seized and appropriated to the use of the Government by the order of this Department, and you are requested to complete and forward them with the utmost dispatch, so as not to lose an hour in getting them forward. The supply of the army and the success of military operations is greatly dependent upon there being no delay on this subject. Please acknowledge this telegram and inform me how soon the engines can be forwarded . The Government will indemnify you against any liability to the New York and Harlem

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

