
Railroad Company for a breach of the contract. mr. Vanderbilt has been informed of the necessity of the Government, and, like all others in like cases, the company must submit to it.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SANDUCKY, OHIO, November 20, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The dismissal of the militia leaves only such garrison here as I deem necessary for permanent safety of the island, and my further stay here seems unnecessary. Shall I return to my headquarters at Cincinnati or remain longer?

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 376. Washington, November 21, 1863.

ORDER GRANTING FURLOUGHS TO RE-ENLISTED VOLUNTEERS.

I. It is hereby ordered that volunteers now in service, re- enlisting as veteran volunteers under General Orders, Numbers 191, from this office, shall have a furlough of at least thirty days previous to the expiration of their original enlistment. This privilege will be secured to the volunteers either by ordering all so re-enlisting, with their officers, to report in their respective States, through the Governors, to the superintendent of the recruiting service, for furlough and reorganization, or by granting furloughs to the men individually.

II. Mustering officers shall make the following stipulation on the muster-in rolls of veteran volunteers now in service re-enlisting as above:

"To have a furlough of at least thirty days in their States before expiration of original term."

III. Commanding generals of department sand armies are hereby authorized to grant the aforesaid furloughs within the limit of time fixed in compliance with this order, as the demands of the service will best permit, reporting their action to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

IV. In going to and from their respective States and homes the veteran volunteers furloughed as herein provided will be furnished with transportation by the Quartermaster's Department.

V. When the three-fourths of a regiment or company re-enlist, the volunteers so enlisted may be furloughed in a body for at least thirty days, as aforesaid, to go home with their respective States and districts to reorganize and recruit, and the individuals of the companies or regiments who do not re-enlist shall be assigned to duty in other companies and regiments until the expiration of their term of service.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

