
CHATTANOOGA, November 21, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

As directed, I suggest the following; It will be necessary to provide officers to take care of the negro teamsters to be enlisted by General Boyle. I suggest that a quartermaster be specially detailed to attend to their wants and equipments, and that for every 100 teamsters a wagon and forage master of experience in the service, of good habits, tolerable education, able to read, to write, and make the necessary reports, returns, and requisitions, be appointed to take charge of them. There is a law which empowers the Quartermaster- General to appoint as many wagon and forage master as may be necessary, and which fixes their compensation. Their commissions should issue from the Quartermaster-General's Office, at Washington. The companies thus formed, of 100 each, should be clothed in an appropriate uniform, and when full should be ordered in a body to the particular field for which they are designed. Three thousand men would be organized at Louisville and Nashville into thirty companies, for the sake of discipline, and also to make them efficient in the defense of their trains against small marauding parties. I think it would be well to put them thought the drill of the school of the soldier and of the company. They should be armed with smooth-bore muskets, carrying buckshot cartridges; should be required to keep their muskets always with them. The wagon and forage masters should be well selected. It would be a good plan to invite recommendations of candidates from the chief quartermasters of army corps. Many very efficient men are now in the service as wagon-master, hired from month to month by quartermasters. Some of these would make good officers, and would deserve permanent appointments. For equipment of each negro teamster enlisted I suggest, clothing, one blouse for summer of blue flannel, for winter of blue Kersey; one red flannel shirt, made full; one pair sky-blue pants; two pairs army drawers; two pairs woolen socks; one pair bootees; one soft black felt hat; quartermaster's while military badge, to be worn on the breast; cartridge-box; bayonet scabbard; cap- pouch; usual infantry equipments; one smooth-bore musket; one shelter tent; one army blanket; one oilcloth blanket; the usual allowance of cooking utensils.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., November 21, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: By direction of the Secretary of War you will please instruct your subordinate officers in the State of Pennsylvania to enlist and muster into service for three years or during the war all persons of color who may offer themselves for enlistment, provided they are found, on examination, to be of suitable age and condition.

Such persons, after enlistment and muster, will be sent to Camp William Penn, Lieutenant Coll. Louis Wagner commanding, near Philadelphia.

