
To this class of recruits no bounties are paid. They will receive $10 per month and one ration, $3 of which monthly pay may be in clothing.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, Boston, November 21, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I inclose the Governor's General Order, No. 32, announcing the new mode by which he hopes to raise the quota of the State. I called on him this morning, and he understands, as well as myself, that the system by provost-marshals is superseded. They have been instructed accordingly.

As by his system surgeons will be appointed by the towns to examine recruits, it may be well to have a re-examination of those sent to the island.

The muster in of individuals can be made by the disbursing officer readministering the oath and indorsing the enlistment papers to that effect, and that bounty has been paid. The number to whom he pays bounty will determine how many premiums are to be paid over to the Governor of the State.

Yours, respectfully,

F. N. CLARKE,

Major, Fifth Artillery, Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, Numbers 32. Headquarters Boston, November 20, 1863.

I. Recruiting in the State of Massachusetts, under the call of the President of the United of October 17, 1863, will be conducted under regulations form these headquarters. Selectmen of towns and mayors of cities are appointed recruiting officers, except in cases where otherwise specially ordered.

II. A reciting officer will be appointed by the Governor in each county, who will be styled superintendent of reciting for that county, except that some of the smaller counties will be united under one superintendent. All needful guards and orderlies for his assistance will be detailed by the commandant of camps, who will report all such details to the office of the adjutant-general with the regular morning reports. An acting adjutant will be detailed for each superintended on application to these headquarters, either from the commissioned line officers of new organizations in progress.

The compensation of superintendents will be $5 per day for the time actually occupied on duty. The quartermaster-general is authorized to arrange with the superintendents for the allowance of reasonable expenses of office rent, fuel, stationery, transportation, and traveling on duty.

The superintendents of recruiting will receive form the municipal authorities the recruits which may be raised by them, and forward them immediately to the nearest camp of rendezvous. The head-

