
4. Enlistments must be filled up in a fair and legible hand, the real name of the recruit must be ascertained and correctly spelled, and the Christian name must not be abbreviated.

5. The filing on the back of the enlistment papers when folded need not be filled up. That will be done at the adjutant- general's office.

6. You will report to the superintendent of recruiting for your district once in three have been any enlistments or not.

7. Each recruit must be carefully examined by a surgeon, and the proper certificate must be signed the enlistment papers the oath will be administered to him, according to the form in the enlistment paper, by a justice of the peace, who will also sign the proper certificate in the enlistment paper.

8. The pay and subsistence of recruits will commence on the day of their enlistment.

9. No conditional enlistment must be made.

10. All recruits must be sound and active, free from all malformation, defect in the left eye, or slight injury of the left hand, will not reject a man.

11. In filling the description of the recruit upon the contract of enlistment, if he is unmarried, insert the word "not" before the word "married," as printed. If he is a marred man, draw a line across the space before the word "married." Carelessness in stating whether the men are married or not will result in embarrassment in drawing their State aid.

12. The medical examination must be strict and thorough. No desire to obtain a recruit can justify the enlisting of a man who is physically unsound.

13. The triplicate enlistment contracts must be complete at the time of the enlistment of the recruit. The name of the recruit must be written distinctly in the contract. Recruiting officers must sign the contract with their full first names. If the recruit cannot write his name, it must be written as usual in such cases, the recruiting officer witnessing the signature.

14. Consent for the enlistment of minors must be taken in triplicate upon the blanks on the back of each contract.

15. If the recruit has heretofore served in the Army of the United States for a period not less than nine months, the company and regiment in which he last served and the date of his discharge must be entered ithe filing on each of the three copies of the enlistment contract.

16. Recruits are to be forwarded as fast as enlisted to the superintendent of recruiting service for your county, and whenever a recruit is delivered to such superintendent the three copies of the enlistment contract are also to be delivered to him.

17. The recruiting officers will in all cases indorse upon the margin of the enlistment contract the company and regiment

to which the recruit wishes to be assigned.

By order of His Excellency John A. Andrew, Governor and commander-in-chief .

WM. SCHOULER,

Adjutant-General.

69 R R--SERIES III, VOL III

