
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., November 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General COX,

Sandusky, Ohio:

I think you had better remain at Sandusky until further orders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Augusta, November 23, 1863.

Major THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In accordance with instructions contained in your letter of the 6th instant, Captain Bailey, mustering officer, has made examination of the records in this office of unassigned recruits in 1861, and hands me the accompanying certificate* for transmittal to the filed with your records.

I find the revised statement differs materially from the facts as shown by the muster-in rolls and records on filed in this office and the records of the volunteers recruiting service of this States, amounting in the aggregate to 684 less, exclusive of the recruits (478) enlisted in New Orleans for Maine regiments, which are under your rules credited to the State of Louisiana, and for which, threfore, no further claim is now urged. The difference arises, I have no doubt, from the fact that the recruits in your revised statement are taken up from the regimental returns and not from the records of enlistment and muster into U. S. service, the only correct sources of information, and on which the statement handed you by me, dated September 16, 1863, was based. I am only surprised that a list of credits made up from regimental returns approximates so nearly to the correct numbers. An examination of the records of this office and of the volunteer recruiting service in this State is now being made at my request by direction of Major Gardiner, acting assistant provost-marshal- general and superintendent of volunteer recruiting service, with a view of sending for file in your office the mustering officer's statement and certificate of the aggregate strength of Maine organizations in men furnished under all calls up to May 26, 1863, which certificate will I think, satisfy you of the nearer approximation to correctness of the statement sent for this office than of the revised statement from the War Department, and enable the making of your records and those in this office to agree.

I am, major, very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. HODSON,

Adjutant-General of Maine.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., November 23, 1863.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachussetts, Boston, Mass.:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to inform you that you are hereby authorized to raise a battalion or a regiment of cav-

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

