
alry to be composed of colored men and to be mustered into the service of the United States for three years or during the war.

To these troops no bounties will be paid. They will receive $10 per month and one ration per day, $3 of which monthly pay may be in clothing.

The organization of the battalion or regiment must conform in all respects with the requirements of General Orderes, Numbers 110, current series, War Department, a copy of which is herewith.*

The respective companies of the battalion or regiment may be mustered into service as soon as the minimum number of enlisted men in each case are ready for muster.

The prescribed number of commissioned officers will be appointed on your recommendation by the President of the United States, and the officers so appointed will be regularly mustered into service in accordance with the requirements of the Revised Mustering Regulations.

In cases where persons in service are recommended for appointment, the full name, rank, company, and regiment to which they are attached should be stated.

The necessary supplies will be furnished by the respective departments upon requisitions approved by you.

The preliminary examination of candidates for appointment is waived in this case, for the reason that the exigencies of the public service will not permit of a board being convened for the examination of cavalry officers.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SANDUSKY, November 23, 1863-7.35 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Four siege guns have sent to Cleveland, invoiced to me. Is it intended to erect fortifications there. I incline to the opinion that a field battery would be more useful there, and the siege guns on Johnson's island, but I have no orders.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., November 24, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

Commanding Department of the East, New York:

Mr. Thayer, the agent of the Governor of Vermont, represents that he has furnished to you duplicates of a letter from the Governor to the President in regard to a supposed design to invade the State of Vermont, and that you replied that you could do nothing without the orders of this Department; if so, please report whether you so construe your powers, and whether you do not feel yourself authorized to take any measures that in your judgment may be necessary for the protection of any part of the territory within your command, and what orders you desire to enable you to take precautionary measures. This Department understands that you, as commanding general of the department, have full authority to employed all force within your command

---------------

*See p. 175

---------------

