
cers, who will thus be deranged, be, if meritorious, appointed for new regiments by, and assigned to recruiting service under the direction of, the Governor.

3. The Governor shall designate all recruiting officers for volunteers in the State, and all existing authorities to recruit volunteers shall be vacated.

4. The volunteers who shall be enlisted shall remain under the control of the Governor at such camp or rendezvous, and under such commander as he may designate, until ready to be sent to their regiments, in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 75, War Department, series of 1862.

5. The Governor shall have such an arrangement as he may desire in regard to the amount and mode of payment of premiums for obtaining recruits and the persons to whom they are to be paid, premiums not to exceed $25 for veterans and $15 for men recruited, not to be paid until the recruits are accepted by the United States.

6. Reports shall be frequently made to Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford, U. S. Army, acting assistant provost-marshal-general for Pennsylvania, of what is being done by the State. Lieutenant- Colonel Bomford shall have control of the expenditures, which shall all be paid by the United States, and he shall be notified whenever recruits are ready to join their regiments.

7. Cities and other localities furnishing volunteers shall have credit for them on the present or any future draft.

The heads Nos. 1 and 2 conceive to be very important, and respectfully recommend them to the approved of your administration. If, however, they should not receive that approval, then I suggest the following in their stead, viz:

1. Such officers of Pennsylvania regiments in the field as the Governor may desire shall be detailed for recruiting service in the State and under the direction of the Governor, the details being first made from regiments whose term of service expires in 1864.

2. When practicable, old regiments shall be sent home to be recruited under the direction of the Governor.

In failing to devote whatever may be necessary of time, labor, health, of my life itself to the great cause of the country, I shall be false to the noble and generous people who have against given me their confidence. All the zeal and energy of which I am capable is at your service in that cause. That the public service in that cause. That the public service may be efficiently carried on, I am most desirous of acting in perfect harmony and accord with your Administration, especially with the War Department, with which my relations must be most direct and intimate. If, therefore, I should at any time find it necessary to call attention to the course of any subordinate officer of the United States. I shall confidently hope that my representations will be understood to proceed wholly from a sense of duty-a duty of which the performance is always painful, and for the performance of which I trust that no occasion may arise.

I beg suggest, in conclusion, that it would be advisable to make some practicable arrangement without delay, as a disposition exists now among our people to go into service, of which the Government ought not to lose the benefit.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. CURTIN.

