
[Indorsement.]

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, December 1, 1863.

Respectfully returned with report, as follows:

The Governor proposes: First. "That a brigade at a time of Pennsylvania Reserve be sent home to recruit." I don"t think anything more can properly be done in this respect than is directed by General Orders, Numbers 376, providing for sending volunteers home on re-enlistment.

Second. "That the other Pennsylvania regiments now in the field shall, when deemed expedient, be consolidated by the Governor, and that the officers who will thus be deranged be, if meritorious, appointed for new regiments by and assigned for recruiting service, under the direction of the Governor." I think it would be destructive to the present plan of recruiting to authorize the raising of new regiments. I think these two foregoing propositions should not be acceded to. I think these two foregoing propositions should not be acceded to. In case they are rejected the Governor proposes in lieu of them:

First. 'Such officers of Pennsylvania regiments in the field as the Governor may desire shall be detailed for recruiting service in the State, and under the direction of the Governor, the details being first made from regiments whose terms expire in 1864." In think this should be granted. Second. "When practicable, old regiments should be sent home to recruit under the direction of the Governor." I think this should be granted. His Excellency then further proposes:

Third. "The Governor shall designate all recruiting officers for volunteers in the State, and all existing authorities to recruit volunteers shall be vacated." The recruiting officers heretofore selected were appointed with the approval of the Governor, but as he thinks the recruiting service would be benefited by their discharge, I recommend that it be done. I see no reason, however, why "all existing authorities to recruit volunteers shall be vacated." If a recruit presents himself to a provost-marshal for enlistment, I think the provost-marshal should not be forbidden to accept him.

Fourth. "The volunteers who shall be enlisted shall remain under the control of the Governor, at such camps or rendezvous and under such commanders as he may designate, and until ready to be sent to their regiments in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 75, of 1862." I think this should be granted.

Fifth. "The Governor shall have such an arrangement as he may desire in regard to the amount and mode of payment of premiums for obtaining recruits, and the persons to whom they are to be paid, premiums not to exceed $25 for veterans and $15 for new recruits, nor to be paid until the recruits are accepted by the United States." I think this should be granted.

Sixth. "Reports shall be frequently made to Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford, U. S. Army, of what is being done by the State. Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford shall have control of the expenditures, which shall all be paid by the United States, and he shall be notified whenever recruits are ready to join their regiments." Colonel Bomford should be directed to keep himself in constant communication with the State authorities in the matter of this recruitment, and should have control of all those expenses which are to be paid by the United States,

