
volunteers have their choice of $325 bounty, or $50 bounty and $20 per month from the State. Please give me similar order to formed one.

JOHN A. ANDREW.

CONCORD, N. H.., November 25, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

We can fill our quota for the State of New Hampshire with first class colored men if you will say to me that Government with pay the same bounty as to white men if you will say to me that Government will pay the same bounty as to white men.

There is no earthly reason why it should not be done. Answer by telegraph.

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, Washington, D. C., November 25, 1863.

To His Excellency Governor J. A. GILMORE,

Concord, N. H.:

In reply to your telegram of this date in relation to bounties to colored recruits, I give you the following from the Adjutant-General.*

JAMES B. FRY.

NEW YORK, November 25, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I sent a detective into Canada from Buffalo. He return this morning direct from Montreal, and reports that there is no movement on foot. The Governor of Vermont asks for 5,000 rifled muskets, a large quantity of ammunition, horses for a battery, and authority to station troops at Swanton, Saint Albans, and Burlington. Should not the Canadian authorities be called on, thought the British minister, to prevent by military force the organization of marauding expeditions on British soil against the towns on our frontier, as a violation of every principal of internation law? If not repressed, they will lead to a border war, in spite of any precautions we can take. I sent Colonel Ludlow to Vermont immediately on receipt of the Governor's letter, to confer with him. If any authority beyond what I possess is needed I will ask for it.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding Department of the East.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, Wis., November 25, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: Please permit me to ask that you will examine my letter to you of November 15 [12],and that you will yourself render a decision upon the questions involved.

The matter is of much consequence in the discharge of duty in this department, especially in enabling me to respond to requisitions of duty in this department, especially in enabling me to respond to requisitions of

---------------

*See last paragraph of Townsend to Fry, November 21, p. 1085.

---------------

