
provost-marshals for military protection to officers of that department and for custody of drafted men, deserters, and other prisoners.

I addressed my letter directly to you because the decisions of subalterns in the War Department are based upon technical grounds, and are therefore not always wise or judicious under extraordinary circumstances.

The letter in question sets forth the whole matter clearly, and I deem it of such consequence that I am very desirous for the interest of the public service that it should be examined and decided by you.

The necessary examination will require but a few moments, and I trust sincerely that you may find leisure to make it.

Very respectfully and truly yours,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

BROKLYN, November 26, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegraph of 24th instant in regard to enlisting of colored troops. I enlisted six volunteers of that class yesterday and will, in my opinion, be able to fill up a full regiment in a short time.

Your dispatch says that authorizations will be issued to suitable persons on application, &amp;c., but you do not say where the application for the authorization is to be made. I will therefore proceed to complete such arrangements as may be necessary to carry out the views of the Department in this matter and at once proceed with the organization, in connection with my other duties, and issue to suitable binding upon the Government or implicate it in any manner until the President shall approve of them and the authorized officer has complied with the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 144, Adjutant- General's Office, War Department. The organization must have a head in order to make it a success.

Trusting that the above may meet your favorable consideration, I am, with great respect, yours, truly,

F. B. SPINOLA,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

STATE OF KANSAS, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Topeka, November 27, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Captain Sidney Clarke, acting assistant provost-marshal- general, furnished me with a copy of your letter to him, dated War Department, Provost-Marshal-General's Office, Washington, D. C., November 10, 1863.

That letter directs him to "co-operate fully" with the Governor of the State in reference to filling the quota called for by the President's proclamation October 17, 1863.

