
I have the honor to request that no attempt for the present be made by the provost-marshals of this State at recruiting for old men or new organizations, and for these reasons: I have just complete the Fifteenth Regiment, and it is in the field; the Sixteenth is now over half full, and in a few days will be filled. Besides, I have raised companies for the Second, Sixth, Ninth, and Fourteenth, putting them at their minimum strength. I am also engaged in recruiting for the Seventh and Eleventh.

I have been engaged earnestly in this work, knowing the wants of the Government, its necessities, as well as its wants, and if permitted to go an I shall be able to furnish troops sufficient to meet the quota called for by the President in his proclamation by the 1st of January next without reference to the excess that the State has heretofore furnished.

I have also to request that the First Kansas Volunteer Regiment (infantry) shall be ordered home to recruit. This regiment bore the brunt of the first severe battle in the West-that fought at Wilson's Creek under the brave and lamented Lyon. It has been in the field ever since, doing good work for the cause and the country, until its ranks are sadly thinned. A full regiment at first, it numbers now less than 300.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. CARNEY,

Governor of Kansas.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, November 27, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF ILLINOIS,

Springfield, Ill.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th instant, covering a statement of troops furnished by the State of Illinois. On the 26th instant I telegraphed you the result of a re-examination of our rolls and records, and I now respectfully inclose the detailed statement thereof,* in which is embraced all original organizations and recruits therefor. It will be seen that your records and those of this Department show a difference of 1,263 (137,531 -- 136,268 = 1,263), which, with our present rolls and returns, cannot be passed to the credit of the State. The 3,129 men resulting from an adjustment between the State of Illinois and deducted from the credits given Missouri. If, upon an examination of the statement herewith, it should appear that any of the organizations are involved in the aforesaid adjustment, please advise me of the fact. The missing rolls noted on your statement will be supplied you by copies from this office so soon as they can be prepared; this, from the pressure on our roll-room, will require some little time. Copies of the rolls asked for in your letter of September 14 were forwarded to you on the 3rd day of October.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

