
STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA, OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, Harrisburg, November 27, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY, U. S. Army,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington City, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that I have conferred with the Governor upon the propriety of authorizing recruiting agents to make enlistments, agreeably to authority given me in letter form your office of 19th instant.

I had objections to such a systems, which have been strengthened by the opinion expressed by Governor Curin as to the character of some of the men nominated for such positions. I expressed my objections to Governor Curtin as to the character of some of the men nominated for such positions. I expressed my objections to Governor Curtin and understood him to concur with me.

I have, therefore, done nothing toward authorizing recruiting agents to make enlistments, and made no arrangements to provide for the transportation of recruits from place of enlistment to provost-marshal's headquarters, but await further orders on this subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. V. BOMFORD,

Lieutenant Colonel Sixteenth U. S. Infly., Actg. Asst. Prov. March General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, New York City, November 28, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I inclose a confidential report of the detective I sent from Buffalo. He has seen, as you will observe, a large number of prominent rebel refugees, and having been with them at the South, had free communications with them. I am very much disposed to adopt his views. I shall, nevertheless, send a small body of troops to Fort Montgomery, at Rouse's Point. Vermont has been provided for by the Governor. There is, however, need of guns for a company of artillery just recruited, and I will endeavor to procure them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

NOVEMBER 25, 1863.

Major General J. A. DIX:

DEAR SIR: I left Buffalo the 16th for Niagara Falls and Clifton. I spent the night at the Falls and took a cruise over to Clifton; fell in company with Lieutenant L. S. Ellis, of C. S. Army, of Abingdon, Va., at once time a recruiting officer and sentenced to be shot by order of General Burnside; also W. H. Larkington, and A. G. Young, of Greenville, Tenn., from whom I learned of several parties at different places. I went to to Saint Catherines and there met Major W. W. Deloss, of Maryland, and several Kentucky refugees and their families, all of whom I conversed with. I then went to Hamilton and there met Robert Walker, of Texas; E. F. Loverdge, of Texas, formerly the editor of a daily paper that was destroyed in Troy, N. Y.; also A. C. William" and others; all are stopping there. Loverdge is sensation speaker on the American war and the resources of the Confederate States.

