
From Hamilton I went to Windsor and had the honor of dining with C. L. Vallandigham at Hyson Hotel, and met there several exempt captured prisoners from the different Yankee camps. They are mostly out of funds and are, as a class, as a class of little account. I had a conversation with Lieutenant Stone, of Lexington, Ky., but gained but little information, as all seems quiet there. I left for Toronto, via Port Huron, and there me Colonel Jones, a lecturer on the war, and a man a that has several rebel boarders at his house. I also met H. W. Bailey, of Arkansas; Withers and Wright, tobacco dealers, of Kentucky; Preseland and Watson, Reversed Doctor Robinson, of Henderson Country, Ky.; Mr. Lawrence, of Kentucky; Captain Corbit, of Portsmouth, Va.; W. M. Wilson, of South Carolina. I was introduced to them by Colonel Jones as lately form the South and had every opportunity to talk freely with them. I then left for Montreal, where I found more than at any other pltel and found most all the boarders from the rebel States, but the largest bulk are housekeeping, and it would require a long residence there to get acquainted with them all. I met there a Mr. Johnson from Savannah, Ga., bound to Liverpool to purchase a steamer. I send you a letter intrusted to me to mail. I opened it to gain information. I also met several others bound to Liverpool, England, and to different parts of the Canada to purchase steamers. I inclose letters to L. P. Howard, Leo D. Walker; all of them were intrusted to me to forward; also a letter to Colonel I. L. Bowen. You can open them if you think best, as they may give you some information. Walker was the former aide to General Ripley, of Charleston, S. C. You can return to me all letters you do not wish to retain. I have ample means to talk with a heap of rebels and others, and all agree that they do not believe any demonstration was was intended. It seems that t a party of several rebels was got up to go on a grand hunt into the interior, and in getting guns and provisions together and other things was the origin of the different reports. They all ridicule it to a man, and all agree it was a big scare. At all events, I have talked with men that ought to have been in the confidence of the rebels if anything was intended.

My representations to all was that I was lately arrived and my business in Canada was to look for a good steamer, and all were, or seemed to be, willing to go, and offered me all the aid possible. I regret, sir, that I have not been able to accomplish more, but with my hurried journey I have done my best to find all that I could. I inclose my bill of expenses for the trip.

54 AND 56 EXCHANGE PLACE, New York, November 28, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I take pleasure in presenting to you the Honorable Orlando Kellogg, Member of Congress form the Sixteenth District of this State; the Honorable James A. Bell, who represents the Eighteenth District in our State Senate; General Thomas Hillhouse, adjutant-general and chief of my staff during the last eighteen months of my administration as Governor, and William H. Bogart, esq., a resident of Auburn and one our most highly esteemed citizens.

