
Fourth. The surplus surgeons caused by the proposed consolidation could be employed as surgeons of boards of enrollment. I did not distinctly understand whether the Governor intended his plan to be adopted in exclusion of the present system or simply auxiliary to it.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. V. BOMFORD,

Lieutenant Colonel Sixteenth, U. S. Infty, Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

FORT MONROE, VA., November 29, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

After carefully examining the subject, I am convinced that by offering a small bounty, not exceeding $10 per man to colored recruits, that more than the expense can be saved in the time of recruiting and the facilities for getting men from the rebel lines. Please authorize the expenditure. We have raised a full company of company of cavalry in three days; the first company of colored cavalry.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., November 29, 1863.

Major-General BUTLER,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

I am directed by the Secretary of War to say, in answer to your telegram of this date, that you are authorized, until further orders, to pay a bounty not exceeding $10 per man, for colored recruits in your department. You will report the number of recruits to the Provost-Marshal-General, who has charge of the fund from which the expenditure will be paid, and also to Major Foster, chief of the Bureau for Organization of Colored Troops.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MONONGAHELA,Pittsburg, Pa., November 29, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. ARMY,

Washington:

SIR: On the morning of the 12th instant the Secretary's dispatch was received directing me "to proceed to Erie with any military force I (you) may have hand."

Orders were given to the company on duty in this city as provost guard, composed of six an nine months" men, to be ready. General Copeland was asked for the loan of one of his permanent companies at Camp Copeland. A call was made on Knap's battery (late a three-months" company that went into Virginia when called upon to re-enforce General Kelley). The four companies of departmental troops in Belmont County, Ohio, Kemp's and Brown's companies, Lawrence County, Pa., were all telegraphed to assemble and proceed without delay to Erie.

