
the form of an order from the Quartermaster's Department, will be transmitted to you in case anything is being done under the authority given you by my last telegram.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

LOUISVILLE, November 30, 1863

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have not gotten Governor Bramlette's consent. Will see him day after to-morrow. I ordered negroes in meantime to be employed as teamsters which was done. I propose to get consent of the owners to enlist them. Does your restriction, 'shall be loyal," exclude quiet, law-abiding men whose feelings and sympathies are with the South and Southern institutions? In Judge Ballard's court it is made to apply only to those quilt of some act. Will write fully from Camp Nelson.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 30, 1863

Brigadier General F. B. SPINOLA,

Brooklyn, N. Y.:

Your letter of the 26th instant is received and your action in regard to raising colored troops disapproved. You will stop all further proceedings in this matter. Colored troops will not be recruited in the State of New York by any person until regularly authorized by the Department.

By order:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PENNSYLVANIA, EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Harrisburg, Pa., November 30, 1863

Lieutenant Colonel J. V. BOMFORD,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.:

COLONEL: Believing that men who are or who have been in active military service can be most influential as recruiting officers, and that it is due them that in the disbursement of patronage connected with the service they should have the preference over civilians, I have concluded not to approve the appointment of any person as recruiting agent who has not been in the service, unless such nomination be accompanied with a certificate stating that no suitable person now in service, or who has been honorably discharged from it can be found to fill the position. I therefore respectfully return to you without my approval the nominations presented to me, which are not in accordance with the views herein expressed.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. CURTIN

(Same to Major C. C. Gilbert, Philadelphia, Pa.)

Official copy respectfully furnished for the information of the President.

A. G. CURTIN.

70 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

