
are adding local bounties to those offered by the Government. This draws to these points men who reside or have resided in places where such bounties are not offered.

It is necessary in connection with recruiting to decide whether men enlisting will be credited to the place where they reside, or whether they will be credited to the place where they enlist and receive the local bounty.

As a man may change his residence at any time and for any cause, even to receive additional bounty for enlistment, it seems to me that the best way is to credit him where he accepts bounty and enlists.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

Approved.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., December 2, 1863.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of the State of Massachusetts, Boston, Mass.:

SIR: In consequence of your dispatch to the effect that the laws of Massachusetts will not permit the payment of bounties to volunteers unless their officers are commissioned by the Governor of the State, I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that so much of Department letter of the 23rd ultimo as states that the officers of the colored cavalry regiment which you were therein authorized to raise would be appointed by the President is annulled, and the officers of said regiment may be appointed by you. Said appointments and muster into service to be in accordance with the Revised Mustering Regulations.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., December 2, 1863

Honorable JAMES A. BELL and

WILLIAM H. BOGART,

Washington, D. C.:

GENTLEMEN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 2nd instant, * and to reply as follows:

The following propositions, submitted by your commission, on the part of the Governor of New York, have received the approval of the War Department, and will govern it in the matters referred to.

First. That quotas be apportioned to towns and wards in the several Congressional districts of the State of New York, and that assurance be given to such towns and wards as may furnish their full quota of volunteers, under the recent call of the President for 300,000 men, that they will be exempt from the pending draft, should one be rendered necessary in January next.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

