
Second. That the several towns and wards receive credit for all such volunteers as may have been mustered into the service of the United States since the draft and that the number so credited be deducted from their proportion of the quota assigned the State under recent call.

Third. That the following-named regiments, in process of organization in the State of New York, be placed on the same footing in regard to bounties as regiments in the field, viz: Second Regiment New York Veteran Cavalry; has ten companies in the field; requires two companies to complete it. Thirteenth Regiment New York Cavalry, has nine companies in the field; requires three companies to complete it. Fifteenth Regiment New York Cavalry, has ten companies in the field; requires two companies to complete it. Eighteenth Regiment New York Cavalry; has eight companies in the field; requires four companies to complete it. Twenty-first Regiment New York Cavalry has ten companies in the field; requires two companies to complete it. Fourteenth Regiment New York Artillery; has seven batteries mustered in; requires five batteries to complete it.

Fourth. That the Governor be authorized to raise complete companies of infantry to be sent to such regiments in the field as have less than their proper number of company organizations. This, however, confers no authority to consolidate regiments.

Fifth. That without delaying the progress of recruiting or drafting, for the purpose of giving a renewed examination of the subject of the quota of men to be raised from the State of New York and of certain inequalities alleged therein, a commission shall be appointed satisfactory to the Governor and the Department, who shall fully revise and report upon the question in difference.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

SAINT LOUIS, December 2, 1863

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

While General Blunt was commanding in Kansas authority was given him by the War Department to raise the Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry and a colored regiment. Since he is relieved from command I respectfully request to be informed whether he retains this authority or whether it passed to his successor in command.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, December 3, 1863.- 3 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding:

The Secretary of War directs me to inform you that your proposition to appoint provisional officers for the colored cavalry regiment forming by you, subject to the approval of the President, is approved, and that you can proceed to muster into service the officers commissioned by you for that service, making report to this Bureau of the name and rank of the officer and date of mustering in.

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

