
States, with the exceptions aforesaid, into other parts of the United States, or proceeding to any of said States, with the exceptions aforesaid, without the license and permission of the President, through the Secretary of the Treasury, will, together with the vessel or vehicle conveying the same, be forfeited tot eh United States.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this 2nd day of April, A. D. 1863, and of the Independence of the United States of America the eighty-seventh.

[L. S.]

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 85. Washington, April 2, 1863.

The following is an extract form the "Act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes, "approved March 3, 1863.*

In addition to the benefits as set forth in the foregoing, it is hereby ordered that each soldier now in service who may re- enlist, as therein provided shall be allowed a furlough for thirty day, the same to be granted immediately after his re- enlistment.

By orderer of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 86. Washington, April 2, 1863.

I. Under the authority contained in sections 19 and 20 of the act "for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes, " approved March 3, 1863, it is ordered that for each and every regiment of the volunteer army now reduced, or that may be reduced hereafter, as set forth in said sections, consolidation shall be made in accordance with the following rules:

INFANTRY.

1. Each regiment will be consolidated into five or a less number of companies, and the colonel, major, and one assistant surgeon mustered out.

CAVALRY.

2. Each regiment will be consolidated into five or a less number of companies, and the colonel, major, and one assistant surgeon mustered out.

ARTILLERY.

3. Each regiment will be consolidated into five or a less number of companies, and the colonel, two majors, and one assistant surgeon mustered out.

---------------

*See Sec. 18, published in General Order, Numbers 73, March 24, p. 91.

---------------

