
Second. That Simeon Draper, esq., be assigned as assistant provost-marshal-general for the district in and immediately adjoining the city of New York; that he may have the necessary rank to control the district provost-marshals (who will be captains), it may be necessary (if he will accept it for the purpose) to appoint him assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, with the rank of major.

Third. I propose the following organization of my Bureau, and request that as many more officers as are necessary to complete it may be detailed on my application in each case if they can be spared from other less important duties.

ORGANIZATION.

First. Provost-Marshal-General.

Second. Assistant provost-marshal-general.

Third. Assistant provost-marshal-general (in charge of the office).

Fourth. Four branches of the Bureau: First branch, miscellaneous and general business, 1 officer; second branch, disbursements and accounts, 3 officers, third branch, enrollment lists, records, &amp;c., 1 officer; fourth branch, deserters and their rolls, &c., 1 officer. Total number of officer required, 9; now on duty in the Bureau, 4; to be yet procured, %.

The records will be voluminous, and I don"t think there is room enough at my disposal in the War Department. If the Secretary approves, I think it would be better to get a house near the War Department for my purpose.

When a draft is ordered, I think it will be impossible for the surgeon of the enrolling board in populous districts to performs alone the duty required of him in any reasonable time.

The difficulty may be somewhat relieved by detailing some medical officers form the Surgeon-General's Department for this duty temporarily. It would only take them a few weeks.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NOTE.-The foregoing approved by the Secretary of War, except as to renting a building near the War Department for an office and the titles suggested for assistants to the Provost-Marshal- General, paragraphs Second and Third under "Organization."

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., April 2, 1863.

Governor S. J. KIRKWOOD,

Iowa City, Iowa:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th ultimo, with inclosure, requesting authority to consolidate certain fragments of regiments and to raise and organize new recruits sufficient to constitute one regiment of cavalry for service against the Indians on the northwestern frontier of your State, and in reply to inform you that your suggestion having been referred

