
VI. The best use during the war for an able-bodied colored man, as well for himself as the country is to be a soldier: It is therefore further ordered. That no colored man, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, who can pass the surgeon's examination for a soldier, shall be employed on land by any person in behalf of the Government (mechanics and skilled laborers alone excepted). And it shall be the duty of each officer or other person employing colored labor in this department, to be paid by or on behalf of the Government, to cause each laborer to be examined by the surgeons detailed to examine colored recruits, who shall furnish the laborer with a certificate of disability or ability as the case may be, and after the 1st day of January next no employment rolls of colored laborers will be certified or passed at these headquarters wherein this order has not been complied with, and are not vouched for by such certificate of disability of the employes. And whenever hereafter a colored employe of the Government shall not be paid within sixty days after his wages shall become due and payable, the officer or other person having the funds to make such payment shall be dismissed the service, subject to the approval of the President.

VII. Promptness of payment of labor, and the facilities furnished by the Government and the benevolent, will enable colored laborers in the service of the Government to be supported from the proceeds of their labor; therefore no subsistence will be furnished to the families of those employed by the Government at labor, but the superintendent of negro affairs may issue subsistence to those so employed and charge the amount against their wages, and furnish the officer in charge of payment of such laborers with the amounts so issued, on the first day of each month, or be himself chargeable with the amount so issued.

VIII. Political freedom rightly defined is liberty to work, and to be protected in the full enjoyment of the fruits of labor, and no one with ability to work should enjoy the fruits of another's labor, therefore no subsistence will be permitted to any negro or his family, with whom he lives, who is able to work and does not work. It is therefore, the duty of irs, to furnish employment to all the negroes able to labor, and see that their families are supplied with the necessaries of life. Any negro who refuses to work when able, and neglects his family, will be arrested and reported to these headquarters to be sent to labor on the fortifications, where he will be made to work. No negro will be required to labor on the Sabbath unless upon the most urgent necessity.

IX. The commanding general is informed that officers and soldiers in the department have, by impressment and force, compelled the labor of negroes, sometimes, for private use, and often without any imperative necessity.

Negroes have rights so long as they fulfill their duties: Therefore it is ordered, That no officer or soldier shall impress or force to labor for any private purpose whatever any negro; and negro labor shall not be impressed or forced for any public purpose unless under orders from these headquarters, or because of imperative military necessity, and where the labor of white citizens would be compelled if present. And any orders of any officer compelling any labor by negroes or white citizens shall be forthwith reported to these headquarters, and the reasons which called for the necessity for such order be fully set forth.

