
to the General-in-Chief, he concurs in the views you have expressed, and that the Secretary of War, also concurring, has directed that the requisite orders be issued from the office of the Adjutant-General to enable you to effect your object, which orders will be promptly transmitted to you as soon as they are prepared.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 2, 1863.

Brigadier General A. JOHNSON,

Military Governor of Tennessee:

GOVERNOR: Under your authority and commission as military governor, you are authorized, in your discretion, to exercise among others the following powers:

First. To impose taxes for the support of the poor, for police purposes, and purposes of his government generally.

Second. To impose exactions upon all disloyal persons for the support of the wives and children of those who may have been expelled from the country or who may be in the rebel service.

Third. To impose exactions upon all who have contributed to the rebel service by money, by property, or by the use of their slaves, the amount of exaction to be determined by the discretion of the Governor, or by a board whom he may appoint for that purpose.

Fourth. The power also to extent to the taking possession of property and collecting rents for property or hire of slaves owned by persons who are within the rebel lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 87. Washington, April 3, 1863.

I. Transportation for sanitary supplies will be furnished only on the requisition of a medial director, and, when sent to another department, the supplies must be assigned to the medical director of that department.

II. The assistant surgeon-general, medical inspector-general, and medical inspectors will be allowed the same number of rooms as offices, and fuel and furniture thereof, as are allowed by regulations to officers of the Quartermaster's Department who perform similar duties.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[APRIL 3, 1863.-For General Orders, Numbers 88, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, relating to trade and intercourse with the insurrectionary States, see Series I, Vol. XVIII, p. 580.]

