
for Volunteer Bureau. The information must be promptly and accurately furnished, as upon it credits of men to the respective States will be made. It is necessary to know the number for the respective towns and counties, so that the credits may be properly distributed through the State.

The residences of men remustered will, of course, determine the town and county to which they belong.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, December 8, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Will the veteran volunteers be counted in the quota to be furnished by the different States under the recent call of the President?

The soldiers express a desire to re-enlist, but by so doing they do not wish to relieve from the operations of the draft those men who stay at home to make money whilst they continue to expose their lives to the vicissitudes of war.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., December 8, 1863.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,President of the United States:

Knowing your anxiety to be well informed on the condition and prospects of the State of Arkansas, I have taken the responsibility of sending General Nathan Kimball to Washington, that he may give you personally details in reference to the State which cannot well be written. I assure you that you may have full confidence in his opportunities of knowledge and in his frankness of statement.

I am, and have been, thoroughly convinced that Arkansas can, by vote of its people, be brought into the Union without slavery by simply encouraging and sustaining the "Unconditional Union" men of that State, and by so directing military operations as to give them the opportunity of action.

Thus the entering wedge to the breaking up of Confederacy can be sent home, to be rapidly followed by similar blows in other States. I consider the matter of such prime importance, although not within my command, that I have directed General Kimball to see you personaly, if your state of health will permit.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

HDQRS. ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, FOR KANSAS, NEBRASKA, COLORADO, AND DAKOTA, Leavenworth City, December 8, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with instructions contained in your letter of November 10, 1863, I have conferred with

