
Kemble, mustering and disbursing officer at Fort Leavenworth, and was informed by him that he had mustered but one company into the Sixteenth Regiment. He was very emphatic in his declaration that the Governor's statement had no foundation in fact. Lieutenant Kemble is of the opinion that the regiment cannot be filled, unless the men are drawn from the State of Missouri, in violation of existing orders on the subject of recruiting, by the authorities of that State. Collisions between person recruiting for the Sixteenth by authority of Governor Carney have already occurred with the military authorities in Missouri, and a general ill-feeling on the subject exists.

Lieutenant Kemble also stated to me that he had recently seen General Schofield at Saint Louis, and that the general informed him that the time for raising the regiment, which expires about the 10th of the present month, would not be extended by him. If any companies had been raised in the meantime he would assign them to the regiments. I have this on the authority of Lieutenant Kemble, and have deemed it proper to present it in this report, as bearing on the general status of the recruiting service in the State of Kansas.

Lieutenant Kemble's statement of the number of men mustered into the Sixteenth Regiment, and about which there can be no question, banishes the statements of the Governor, and shakes my confidence in the patriotism of his purposes and the general correctness of his representations.

For the second reason assigned, therefore, it having no foundation in fact, recruiting in this State under the plan recently adopted by this Bureau for old organizations ought not to be suspended. On this point I will say that many of the Kansas regiments in the field are mere skeletons; that the filling up of these regiments would greatly increase the efficiency of the service, and that no more new organizations are needed at present.

Third. The statement of the Governor that he has raised companies for the Fourteenth Kansas Volunteers is not correct, as I am informed by officers connected with recruiting said regiment. The Fourteenth was raised by Major General James G. Blunt, by a special authority received from you. Governor Carney has had nothing to do in raising it. His recruiting for the Second, Sixth, and Ninth Regiments is without my knowledge. This report is made thus minute in order to correct the official deception and misstatements in Governor Carney's letter of November 27.

I am of the opinion that the recruiting service in this State should hereafter be conducted as far as practicable in accordance with the plan recently adopted by this Bureau, exisa view of filling up old organizations.

I will add that I have been particularly careful at all times to co-operate fully with Governor Carney in matters relating to the efficiency of the service, as well as in all official business.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIDNEY CLARKE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

SAINT LOUIS, December 8, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I beg leave to refer to my dispatch of the 2nd instant, and to request that the matter of raising colored troops in this department be placed

