
SPRINGFIELD, ILL., April 3, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

An extensive and dangerous traffic in arms and ammunition is going on in this State. Order Numbers 22, Department of the Ohio, seems to have no effect. There are no military commanders in towns through the State, and permits are not obtained of the two post commandants of Campos Butler and Douglas. The penalty of Order Numbers 22 is insufficient, and there is no force in the State to compel its observance. The most extensive preparations for resistance to the Government are evidently being made. The order revoking the new regiments was most unfortunate, and may prove fatal.

RICHD. YATES.

MEMPHIS, TENN., April 4, 1863. (Via Cairo, Ill., 6th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I arrived here last night, and explained this morning to General Hurlbut the policy of the Administration respecting the contraband. He says his corps will give it their support, especially those regiments which have been in battle. He desires 600 as artillerists, to man the heavy guns in position, which he says can readily be raised form the contraband within his lines. I have authorized him to raise form the contraband within his lines. I have authorized him to raise six companies, and select the officers. He knows intelligent sergeants who will make good captains. The experience of the Navy is that blacks handle heavy guns well. General Hurlbut is embarrassed with the runaways form their Tennessee masters. They come here in a state of destitution, especially the women and children. He cannot send them back, and I advise their employment as far as possible by the quartermaster, and the general is authorized by General Grant to hire them to citizens who will give proper bonds. Goods shipped here have been on entirely too extensive a scale, especially clothing and other articles needed by the rebels. At least 2,50ry boots are here. Smuggling from this place and on the river below has been carried on extensively. The trade should be restricted. I am assured that no officers of the command have anything to do with cotton. It is oshere, but the dealers in it have their agents, who buy through the country before it reaches this point. It should be brought or shipped here by owners, delivered to the Government cotton to be sold her in the same way, this being a better market than Saint Louis. After to-day I shall take the first boat for Helena. Nothing of importance form below.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

BEAUFORT, S. C., April 4, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report the return of the First and Second Regiments of South Carolina Volunteers form Florida. The expedition was in every way successful, and had it not been withdrawn would in a short time have cleared the State of Florida of the rebel troops, and secured large amounts of cotton and other valuables to the Government. We had complete and undisputed possession of

