
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., December 10, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Prov. March General United States, War Dept., Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: By direction of the Secretary of War you will please instruct the officers of your department in the State of Delaware to enlist into the service of the United States for three years or during the war all suitable colored men who may offer themselves for enlistment. Persons offering themselves as recruits should be informed by the recruiting officer that they will receive $10 per month and one ration, $3 of which monthly pay may be in clothing.

The recruits will be sent as soon after enlistment as practicable to the Twenty-second Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, now organizing at Camp William Penn, near Philadelphia, Pa.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Governor of Delaware.)

BOSTON, December 10, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, &c., Washington:

SIR: We beg leave to call your attention to the urgent necessity for some measure which will give an impulse to the recruiting of the 300,000 troops last called for.

In the free States the great numbers already drawn from the work- shops and field have seriously embarrassed may branches of the industry upon which the production of the country depends, and it is clearly desirable to reduce the call upon such resources to the lowest point which is consistent with the vigorous prosecution of the war.

On the other hand, there are large sections of the country where the rewards of industry are uncertain, where large numbers of men, black and white, have been thrown out of their usual occupations, and large numbers of those less able are appealing to the charities of the Government and of individuals to save them from actual destruction by cold and hunger.

Sound political economy, humanity, and common sense equally demand that every effort should be made to use this unemployed population as far as possible for filling our armies, instead of drawing too largely upon the well-paid and productive classes of the loyal States.

The producing States can well afford to add such sums to the pay and bounties offered by Government as will relieve their citizens from at least a part of the new call, and at the same time confer a positive benefit upon the loyal and persecuted people of the disaffected States from whom no quotas have been demanded.

For these and other reasons we earnestly recommend that permission should be immediately given to the loyal States to recruit soldiers (against their quotas) in those parts of the rebel States within our control, both to fill up the white regiments now there and to create such black regiments as you may deem it expedient to authorize.

We believe that such permission will encourage recruiting in the loyal States themselves by the assurance of success which it will give, and by bringing forward the many old soldiers who are willing to

