
enlist, but who are now waiting for the most favorable moment to do so.

We believe, too, that much of the very embarrassing demand for charity will be provided for out of the money thus distributed.

To give full effect to the policy which we advocate it is important that stringent orders should be issued that the black troops shall be treated as soldiers, and only called upon for their share of the fatigue and police work of the whole Army, and that no impressment shall be used except in those emergencies when black and white men alike shall be forced to work or fight for their common country.

We are, respectfully, your obedient servants,

AMOS A. LAWRENCE.

J. M. FORBES.

E. S. TOBEY.

E. R. MUDGE.

HENRY LEE, Jr.

[AND THIRTY OTHERS].

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., December 10, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Prov. March General United States, War Dept., Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: By direction of the Secretary of War you will please instruct the officers of your department in the State of New York to enlist into the service of the United States, for three years or during the war, all suitable colored men who may offer themselves for enlistment.

Persons offering themselves as recruits should be informed by the recruiting officers that they will receive $10 per month and one ration, $3 of which monthly pay may be in clothing.

The recruits will be sent, as soon after enlistment as practicable, to the Twentieth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, now organizing at Riker's Island, New York Harbor.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Harrisburg, Pa., December 10, 1863.

The PRESIDENT:

SIR: I have your letter dated 9th instant, inclosing a report of Colonel Fry, referred to you from the War Department under date of 3rd instant, and under which you have in part approved the plan for recruiting volunteers which I submitted to you in my letter dated 24th of November last.

Colonel Fry speaks of the existing recruiting officers in this State having been appointed with my approval. This is an error. I have approved only such of them as fall within the description of persons mentioned in my letter to Colonel Bomford, of which a copy is inclosed.* The remainder of the nominations made by me I have not approved. On the contrary, I communicated in writing to Colonel Bomford and Major Gilbert, provost-marshals for the State, my

---------------

*See p. 1105.

---------------

