
conciliate and aid us in obtaining our men as early as possible. I desire to assure you that my whole interest and aim is to fill our quota. I want New Hampshire to give the last man that the Government calls for, and it will be my aim as Chief Magistrate of our State to respond promptly to all calls made upon her. My whole aim has been and shall be to aid all in my power in putting down the rebellion, and I feel that it is my privilege and my right if obstructions are thrown in my way or any course is pursued that retards raising our men to appeal to the War Department at Washington, believing most fully they will correct anything that is wrong. It must be apparent to yourself and to the Secretary of War (whom I desire should see this letter) that those of us who are citizens of New Hampshire he habits of our people are quite as competent to manage the matter of recruiting and quite as much interested in promptly filling our quota as are officials who are quartered here from without the State. I have no disposition to interfere with the proper and legitimate duties of the Government officials here, nor do I wish them to interfere with mine.

Hoping, my dear sir, that I have satisfactorily explained my telegram, and believing that you will fully appreciate the motive I had in senery truly, your obedient servant,

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor of New Hampshire.

CHATTANOOGA, December 13, 1863.

Colonel FRY:

If companies belonging to one regiment wish to re-enlist as veterans in another regiment can"t they be transferred? What is to become of recruits who have recently joined these regiments who wish to re-enlist as veterans? What is to become of men who have not served two years in regiments, the majority of whose members are eligible as veteran volunteers? I desire to reorganize as such.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, D. C., December 13, 1863.

General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

On the 11th I telegraphed asking you to come and see me. Did you receive the dispatch?

A. LINCOLN.

[DECEMBER 14, 1863.-For Grant to Hurlbut in regard to the impressment of citizens into the military service, and inclosing letter from Governor Bramlette, of Kentucky, upon the subject, see Series I, Vol. XXXI, Part III, page 410.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 395. Washington, December 14, 1863.

The Paymaster-General is, under the direction of the Secretary of War, charged with the military responsibility of the Pay Department

74 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

