
in all its details. The subordinate officers, being confined exclusively to the disbursement of public money, are subject only to the orders of the Secretary of War, the Paymaster-General, and the senior officers of their own department, except that they are liable to arrest by the senior officer of the department, or command, to which they may be assigned for the regular payment of troops. The arrest of a paymaster will be immediately reported to the Paymaster-General, in order that the case may be brought before the Secretary of War for such action as he may direct.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, EXECUTIVE DEPT., Frankfort, December 14, 1863.

A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

Colonel B. H. Bristow, member of Kentucky Senate, and a Union man of the true and intelligent stamp, visits you to confer in relation to some troubles which exist in our border Green River counties.

He is fully apprised of my policy and enters into it heartily. The difficulties will be explained and the remedies and reason suggested.

A little kindly aid-a tub thrown to the whale-will greatly promote the success of the Union men of Kentucky.

The logic of events is working to conclusion, but its force may be aided or broken by the action of the Federal authorities. I solicit for Colonel Bristow a hearing. I believe good can be accomplished.

Respectfully,

THOS. E. BRAMLETTE.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., December 15, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am prepared to turn over whenever the Treasurer informs me that he is directed to receive it all money on deposit to my credit which has arisen from the payment of $300 to secure exemption from military duty under the draft.

In this connection certain questions arise:

First. Shall the money pass into the Treasury as unappropriated funds, and hence not available for use without the action of Congress, or shall it be deposited on account of the appropriation for the procuration of substitutes as provided by section 13 of the act approved March 3, 1863, for enrolling and calling out the national forces?

Second. Who shall audit the accounts arising from the receipt and disbursement of this fund? This question must be decided before the money after passing into the Treasury can be drawn out for use, even if deposited in accordance with the second branch of the query above.

Third. By whom shall the accounts hereafter of receivers of commutation money, for their percentage on money received by them and deposited to the credit of the Treasurer of the United States, be adjusted and paid?

I do not think the enrollment act requires or contemplates that this money shall pass into the Treasury. On the contrary I think the law

