
which was to have the money used immediately to procure substitutes, a plan was adopted at the interview which I understood to be the one now in force. If either the views of the Secretary of the Treasury or your orders in relation to this fund have not been carried out it is only because I have not understood them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR.] WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 15, 1863.

It is directed by General Orders, Numbers 376, current series, from the War Department, that re-enlisted volunteers returned to their States shall report, through the Governor, to the superintendent of the volunteer recruiting service.

When officers and men so report, the respective Governors and superintendents should arrange to place such as can be profitably employed on recruiting service on that duty; the others to be furloughed for the time authorized by General Orders, Numbers 376.

When furloughs are granted they must be signed by the superintendent, who will direct that at the expiration of the time granted, the parties furloughed shall report at a stated rendezvous, else be considered deserters.

Superintendents will arrange, under existing regulations, for the transportation and subsistence of those placed on duty.

Upon the assembling of the veteran volunteers at the rendezvous, after the expiration of the furloughs, superintendents will report the respective commands (regiments, companies, or detachments) to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders. The reports will give the strength of the command; the number of recruits for it, obtained during the furlough, to be stated separately.

In returning the volunteers to the field, the superintendents will arrange with the Quartermaster's Department for the necessary transportation.

Superintendents will confer with the Governors, and arrange with them as to the points of rendezvous for the volunteers herein referred to. The rendezvous must be at points where there are already public barracks or quarters; and if the accommodations are not sufficient for the number to rendezvous thereat, the Quartermaster's Department, on the requisition of the superintendent, will supply the deficiency.

At the respective rendezvous the Subsistence Department will be charged with the subsistence of the troops. The superintendents will advise the Subsistence Department of the number of troops that will have to be supplied.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., December 15, 1863.

His Excellency ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg, Pa.:

SIR: Your letter of December 11 has been received. I sincerely hope that another draft may not be necessary in Pennsylvania, and

