
and been accepted, a descriptive list, describing the recruit with sufficient certainty to identify him, in order that the owner may receive compensation; provided, that this shall not extend to any claimant who is in the rebel army, or otherwise notoriously connected with the rebels, or has furnished aid and comfort to the rebellion.

Third. That officers commanding recruiting camps and stations shall make restitution to the owners of any property stolen by slaves and taken into camp, and upon satisfactory proof of ownership being furnished by the claimant; and provided further, that such, claimant shall not have been engaged in the rebellion or furnished aid and comfort to the rebels.

Fourth. That the slaves enlisted into the service of the United States shall be credited to the quota of the State, district, and country to which they belong, and loyal owners shall be entitled to compensation for their slaves, to be ascertained in the manner provided for by the regulations of this Department in respect to slaves enlisted into the service from the States of Maryland, Missouri, and Tennessee.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 21, 1863.

COMMANDING GENERAL DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST:

The following furnished for your information and government:

General Orders, Numbers 376, current series, from this office, provides that if three-fourths of a veteran regiment re-enlists, the officers may take the volunteers so enlisted home in a body.

Three-fourths of a veteran regiment will be understood to mean three-fourths of those within the limits of the army in which the organization is serving, and not to include those absent as prisoners of war, in general hospitals, &amp;c.

Where there are men in a veteran organization who do not come within the limits for re-enlistment, and are yet willing to re- enlist, they will be permitted to go on furlough with the regiment, in case it goes in a body, and those only will be left behind who are within the limits and yet refuse to re-enlist. The men willing to re-enlist will, of course, not be discharged and remustered till they come within the limits; that is, have less than one year to serve. Two years" service is necessary to secure the bounty of $100 provided by the act of Congress promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 49, 1861.

By order, &c.:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copies to commanding generals of Departments of the Northwest, the Pacific, Western Virginia, the Susquehanna, the Monongahela, Army of the Potomac, Department of Virginia and North Carolina, Department of the Tennessee, Nashville, Tenn.; Chattanoga, Tenn.; Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, via Cairo, Ill.; Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio; Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.)

