
result. There will be no delays. Colonel Shaw and officers will fear effect on Fifty-fourth Regiment of any division of it, especially while so green. Will write fully to-morrow.

JNO. A. ANDREW.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 6, 1863.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

I agree that there should be no undue haste, and especially not to interfere with the regiment now in progress. Nothing should interfere with its completion. I explained to your adjutant my view that the work would go on faster by raising and equipping independent companies, and give them afterward a regimental organization, but sending the companies at once to such duty at different places as they can perform, so that results could be speedily and readily witnessed at once. I have every confidence in your discretion, and shall not be captious at its proper exercise.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 90. Washington, April 7, 1863.

The facilitate the payment, in individual cases and the discharged soldiers, of the advance bounty authorized to volunteers by act of Congress, approved July 5, 1862, and the premium authorize by General Orders, Numbers 74, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, July 7, 1862, the following regulations will be observed:

1. The advance bounty and premium should be paid by the United states mustering and disbursing officer at the time of muster into service. If not paid then, the amounts will be entered upon the muster-in rolls, nd will be so continued upon every subsequent muster and pay roll until the soldier is paid by a paymaster.

2. When not paid before discharge, the amounts due for premium and bounty will be entered upon the duplicate certificates for pay, and the discharged soldier will be paid by a paymaster. Company, commanders will be careful to enter these amounts upon the soldiers" certificates.

3. Mustering and disbursing officers have nothing to do with payments to discharged soldiers.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, OFFICE MILITARY DIRECTOR AND SUPERINTENDENT RAILROADS OF UNITED STATES, Washington, April 7, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following statement:

Portions of the railroads hereafter designated are now being operated by the Quartermaster's Department in Virginia, viz, Ordnance and

