HEADQUARTERS KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Frankfort, Ky., December 21, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: There appears a remarkable discrepancy as to the number of troops Kentucky has placed in the field, as shown by the records of the War Department, and those in the office of the adjutant- general of the State. The last exhibit forwarded here by the War Department, in October, credits us with 40,271 men. About the same time the last call for volunteers was made and the quota of Kentucky announced as about 12,000 men.

Our own rolls show that we have placed in the field 37,636 men for three years, 13,679 men for one year, and 3,737 men for shorter periods, making a total of 55,052.

Adding to the number credited us by the Government our quota under the late call, we find a total of 52,271, which is 2,781 less than the State has already furnished to the service, or but 956 men more than we have furnished for the two longer periods of service.

The General Assembly of Kentucky, now in session, has passed resolutions requesting me to send an accredited agent of the State to the General Government, empowered to examine into the large discrepancy existing between the records of our own and the War Department and to ask a suspension of the draft in this State until the mistake can be explained and rectified. I have, heretofore, deputed Adjutant-General Boyle as my agent, who is authorized to lay before you accurate statements of our State returns of troops, verified by data in his office.

He is instructed to ask, among other things, that--

First. The draft be suspended in Kentucky until the above- mentioned mistake can be rectified and the State accurately charged with her proportions to the service and credited with her volunteers. In this connection it will be remembered that Kentucky stands on a singular footing as to her one-year's men, 8,445 of whom were raised under the act of Congress authorizing a special force in the State.

Second. The draft be enforced as to counties, not as to Congressional districts, thus rendering smaller communities responsible for their want of locality, and crediting those generally loyal counties which have heretofore willingly borne the burden of the war. The importance of this cannot be overestimated, as the rebel sympathizers should be compelled to bear a portion of the burdens they contributed to produce.

The unanimity with which those resolutions passed the Legislature shows the great desire of our people to have these requests granted. From their evident fairness, from the strongly expressed opinions of the Legislature as to their necessity, from the patriotism with which Kentuckians have ever responded to the calls of the President, I rest satisfied that Your Excellency will extend the modifications of your general rules herein requested and permit us to announce to the people that each community must contribute its due proportion to our Army, and that collectively we will receive our due credit for those already contributed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. E. BRAMLETTE,

Governor of Kentucky.

