
Alexandria; Loundoun and Hampshire; Washington, Alexandria and Georgetown; Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac; Seaboard and Roanoke, and Norfolk and Petersburg.

The construction and operating expenses from August 13, 1861, to January 1, 1863, was $1,171,420.16; total expenses, including locomotives and cars, was $2,499.06.

Herewith please find statement exhibiting the number of locomotives and cars purchased and cost of the same, the number of each lost and destroyed, and value of the same, the number of each on hand, where in use, and cost of the same.

The Washington, Alexandria and Georgetown, Orange and Alexandria, and Loudoun and Hampshire Railroads.-There have been moved upon these lines since March 1, 1862, an average of 170 loaded card daily, and from January 1, 1863, to March 1, 1863, the average movement of loaded cars has been 178 daily, the distance hauled varying with the demands of the service. A large portion of these were loaded with fire-wood for Lieutenant-Colonel Greene, chief quartermaster Defenses of Washington, and for Captain C. B. Ferguson, assistant quartermaster, Alexandria. Supplies from the North are received at the Baltimore and Ohio station and in the same cars the quartermaster's and commissary stores are taken to the Sixth Street wharf. Forage for Captain Stoddard is taken to Buzzard's Point, and all material for Colonel Ramsay is taken to the arsenal; and at all these points cars are loaded and forwarded to Alexandria, Vienna, Fairfaz, and Union Mills, and to Fredericksburg, via Awuia Creek, direct without breaking bulk. Loaded cars are shipped on barges are transferred to the rail and are run out to Falmouth, and from thence are returned empty to Alexandria. A train in sixteen cars thus handled saves wharf room transports, crews, and laborers at two points, the trip being made in about twelve horse between Washington and Falmouth.

Without buildings to shelter our rolling-stock along these lines, and with their termini constantly changing, and generally rushed and crowned, our engines and cars require constant and extensive repairs. Three new locomotives almost entire rebuilding form falling into the hands of the rebels or by being thrown down embankments in their raids.

The falling of the roof of engine house at Alexandria rendered its renewal indispensable. The turn-table has been rebuilt, and several erections of a temporary character have been built as were absolutely necessary. By special order the shops at Alexandria have been used in the repairs of boilers and machinery of Government transports and in manufacturing iron-work for military suspension bridges.

The Richmond, Fredericksburg, and Potomac Railroad.-On the 17th of November last this line was again taken possession of by the Government.

The old wharf having been destroyed, a new one 1,000 feet long and sixteen feet wide was immediately rebuilt and the first locomotive was landed on the 24th of November. On this day we commenced running trains to Potomac Creek, and on the 28th of November the high bridge over that stream was completed and trains were run to Falmouth.

All the buildings at Aquia had been burned and the main tracks and sidings immediately around the station were so much injured by

