
credit. When found unfitted, their appointments have invariably been revoked.

I have now in course of organization two regiments of cavalry, both of which are advancing toward completion, even more rapidly than I anticipated. Owing to the scarcity of horses these men have been mounted on mules captured and taken possession of by our troops. The First Mississippi Cavalry, of African descent, have already proved their efficiency in that branch of the service, 150 having recently defeated 300 of the rebels in a conflict near Vicksburg.

Under competent officers regiments of infantry are in process of formation in addition to those already enumerated. In Missouri recruiting has been successfully carried on within the last few weeks, and it is anticipated that the State will furnish its full proportion of colored troops. Four more regiments will at once be raised there in addition to those already organized. I propose to continue the organization of both heavy and light artillery troops, in both of which arms of the service the colored men prove themselves well qualified.

The organization of troops of African descent in the valley of the Mississippi has been accomplished at little or no expense to the Government. No officer has been mustered into the service until his company, battalion, or regiment has been raised. gent officers and enlisted men from the regular and volunteer service have been detached from their regiments for the purpose of raising colored troops. All have worked faithfully in the cause, and if not quite as successfully as might have been anticipated, it has not been for the want of perseverance.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., December 25, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to give below a resolution adopted by the U. S. Senate, and to report on the same for your information:

"THE ENROLLMENT OF NEGROES IN SLAVE STATES."

Mr. Wilson offered the following, which was agreed to:

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inform the Senate whether persons held to service or labor by the laws of Delaware, Maryland, West Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri have been enrolled according to the provisions of the act for calling out the national forces, and for other purposes, approved March 3, 1863, and if not, why such enrollment has not been made.

The resolution is understood to refer to negroes held as slaves.

In answer to the two inquiries, whether they "have been enrolled according to the provisions of the "act for calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved March 3, 1863, and if not, why such enrollment has not been made," I would respectfully state as follows:

First. They have not been enrolled under the act referred to.

Second. The act directs only the enrollment of "able-bodied male citizens of the United States and persons of foreign birth who have declared on oath their intention of becoming citizens." When the

