
SEC. 2. And be it further resolved, That the money paid by drafted persons under the "Act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved third March, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States, and shall be drawn out on requisitions, as in the case of other public moneys; and the money so paid shall be kept in the Treasury as a special deposit, applicable only to the expenses of draft and for the procuration of substitutes; for these purposes it is hereby appropriated.

Approved December 23, 1863.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, December 28, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch received this moment, 5 p. m. of the 28th. I will start at once for Washington.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., December 28, 1863.

Major J. W. T. GARDINER,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Augusta, Me.:

It is the intention in making the next draft to give credit to each sub-district--that is, each town, county, or ward, as the case may be--for all its drafted men held to service under late draft, whether they served in person, furnished substitutes, or paid commutation, and also to give them credit for all volunteers they may have furnished since the draft, and which have not been credited on the draft. As evidence of what each State, district, or sub-district is to be credited with, the muster-in rolls and reports furnished by you are to be taken.

It is therefore of the first importance that you see to the prompt and accurate preparation of these records. Where men have enlisted at large and cannot be credited to particular districts or sub-districts, you must establish the fact that they cannot be credited to any particular place, and secure the concurrence of the State authorities in your decision on this point. If the number of men held to service in the late draft in each sub- district as now established have not been reported to this office, see that the reports are made at once. Acknowledge receipt.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Similar dispatch to Brigadier-General Hinks, New Hampshire; Brigadier-General Pitcher, Vermont; Major Clarke, Massachusetts; Captain Silvey, Rhode Island; Major Perkins, Connecticut; Brigadier-General Hays, Major Townsend, and Major Diven, New York; Lieutenant-Colonel Buchanan, New Jersey, Major Gilbert and Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford, Pennsylvania; Major Jeffries, Maryland; Colonel Parrott, Ohio; Major Sidell, Kentucky; Colonel Baker, Indiana; Lieutenant-Colonel Oakes, Illinois; Colonel Alexander, Missouri; Major Duncan, Iowa; Lieutenant-Colonel Hill, Michigan; Lieutenant-Colonel Lovell, Wisconsin; Captain Saunders, Minnesota; Lieutenant-Colonel Darr, West Virginia; Captain Clarke, Kansas.)

