
called into service by the Governor during the invasion of Kentucky in August and September, 1862, and who served two months, will be credited to the State. In reply, I am directed to inform you that States have not received credits for men who have served less than six months. This rule is the one which has uniformly governed. The General Government, therefore, cannot credit the State with the men in question.

I am sir, &amp;c.,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., December 30, 1863.

His Excellency HORATIO SEYMOUR,

Governor of New York, Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 24th instant asking "for the official results of the enrollment in the different States, their quotas under the call made last summer, and the quotas under the last for 300,000 men," and for the "number of men called for since the outset of the war, and the number which have been received by the General Government," and "the dates of these calls, and the length of service required."

The current labor of the bureaus in which the reports you desire would have to be prepared is so great that it is difficult to answer the questions presented from the different States, and furnish to each the information which pertains alone to its own affairs. The general rule of the Secretary of War is therefore to answer the calls of Governors for information only so far as the information affects their respective States. Considerable time and labor would be required to answer your inquiries, and after submitting the subject to the Secretary of War I am directed by him to say that he cannot direct a departure from the general rule governing the Department in this matter, unless it shall appear that the public interests will be advanced by his doing so. I believe you are possessed of all the information affecting the State of New York which would be produced by applying your general inquiries to that State and answering them accordingly. If, however, there is anything further required relating to New York, it will be furnished.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, December 31, 1863.

Honorable R. C. SCHENCK,

House of Representatives:

SIR: The Secretary of War requests that you will, if convenient, attend a meeting of a commission to revise the rules published for the government of the Provost-Marshal-General's Department in rejecting drafted men, to be held in the War Department at 8 p. m. Saturday, the 2nd of January.

I am, sir, &c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Honorable J. F. Farnsworth, House of Representatives; Honorable George H. Yeaman, House of Representatives; Honorable Benjamin F. Loan,

