
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, April 13, 1863.

Colonel EDWARD A. WILD,

Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers:

(Under cover to the Governor of Massachusetts.)

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of War you are hereby authorized to raise a brigade (of four regiments) of North Carolina volunteer infantry, to be recruited in that State, and to serve for three years or during the war.

Each regiment of the said brigade will be organized as prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 126, series of 1862, from this office. All appointments of officers will be made by the War Department. The recruitment will be conducted in accordance with the rules of the service and the orders of the Secretary of War.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 45. Memphis, Tenn., April 15,1 863.

I. Pursuant to orders from the Secretary of War (Brigadier General L. Thomas, Adjutant-General U. S. Army) there will be recruited and mustered into the service of the United States eight companies of colored men for service as heavy artillery at Fort Pickering.

II. The recruiting, organization, and examination of recruits will be as directed by regulations.

III. Each company will have one captain, two lieutenants, and an orderly-sergeant, who will be white; the other non-commissioned officers will be from the colored recruits.

IV. The commissioned and non-commissioned staff of the battalion will also be white.

V. Lieutenant I. G. Kappner is hereby appointed recruiting officer to raise this battalion, and will establish his office in Fort Pickering for that purpose.

All necessary requisitions to carry out this order will be made by him and approved by Brigadier-General Veatch, to whom also regular reports will be made.

VI. Officers commanding divisions who have within their limits men competent for service and desirous of enlisting will report them to Lieutenant Kappner.

VII. Pay and allowances will be the same as in other artillery organizations in the U. S. service.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 18, 1863.

Brigadier General A. JOHNSON,

Military Governor of Tennessee:

GENERAL: First. You will establish your headquarters as Military Governor of the State of Tennessee at the city of Nashville, and as

