
[APRIL 19, 1863.-For Grant to Halleck, in regard to the policy of arming negroes, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XXIV, Part I, p. 30.]

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, by the act of Congress approved the thirty-first day of December last the State of West Virginia was declared to be one of the United States of America, and was admitted into the Union on an equal footing with the original States in all respects whatever, upon the condition that certain changes should be duly mad in the proposed constitution for that State;

And whereas, proof of a compliance with that condition, as required by the second section of the act aforesaid, has been submitted to me:

Now, therefore, be it known, that I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, do hereby, in pursuance of the act of Congress aforesaid, declare nd proclaim that the said act shall take effect and be in force form and after sixty days from the date hereof.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this twentieth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-seventh.

[L. S.] ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

INDIANAPOLIS, April 20, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

In view of my peculiar position and the difficulties by which I am surrounded, I think my recommendations for provost-marshals should have some weight. If not entitled to consideration in this case, they are not in any. I understand from Governor Tod that he has assurances that his recommendation will be allowed. In one or two cases the men selected by members of Congress are hostile to me. I have sustained the Administration politically and personally and believe it should sustain me. I have more interest in making good appointments for provost-marshals than any member of Congress, or all put together.

O. P. MORTON.

BURLINGTON, IOWA, April 20, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: A little more than a week ago I wrote a private letter to Mr. Watson with a request to show it to you and General Halleck, in which I stated my conviction that there was a secret armed organization in this State intended to resist the execution of the laws, and at the proper time, in their estimation, to effect a rising, and making some suggestions in relation thereto. The testimony to establish the truth of my statements then made has been accumulating ever since

