
United States, exercise supervision over the provost-marshals and their subordinates for the Congressional districts of that State. He shall communicate to them the orders and instructions of the Provost-Marshal-General and see that they are promptly and efficiently executed. He shall from time to time give or transmit such instructions in accordance with these regulations, as hereinafter prescribed, as may be required to facilitate and enforce obedience to them.

2. He shall forward to the Provost-Marshal-General, with his remarks, all communications transmitted through his office.

3. He will communicate freely with the Governor, and other State, town, country, or city officers, and, with their sanction, will extract such information form their records as may facilitate the business of provost-marshals and boards of enrollment. He shall communicate this and all other useful information to the provost- marshals or boards of enrollment, and shall obtain from them copies of such reports and rolls as may be required for the records of the State authorities.

4. He shall make full fad frequent to the Provost-Marshal-General on the condition and wants of the service in the State, and shall apply to him for instructions regarding all doubtful points in the discharge of his duty.

PROVOST-MARSHALS" DISTRICTS.

5. The following is from section 4 of the act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, &amp;c., approved March 3, 1863:

That for greater convenience in enrolling, calling out, and organizing the national forces, and for the arrest of deserters and spies of the enemy, the United States shall be divided in to districts, of which the District of Columbia shall constitute one, each Territory of the United States shall constitute one or more, as the President shall direct, and each Congressional district of the respective States, as fixed by a law of the State which have not by their laws been divided into two or more Congressional district the President of the United States shall divide the same into so many enrollment districts as he may deem fit and convenient.

PROVOST-MARSHALS.

6. The following is from section 5 of the act of enrolling nd calling out the national forces, &c., approved March 3, 1863:

That for each of said districts there shall be appointed by the President a provost-marshal, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a captain of cavalry or an officer of said rank shall be detailed by the President, who shall be under the direction and subject to the orders of a provost-marshal-general, appointed or detailed by the President of the United States, whose office shall be at the seat of government, forming a separate bureau of the War Department, ad whose rank, pay, and emoluments shall be those of a colonel of cavalry.

DISTRICT HEADQUARTERS.

7. The headquarters of each district shall be fixed and announced by the Provost-Marshal-General.

8. Each provost-marshal shall take at the headquarters of his district.

9. Each provost-marshal on taking post shall, if there be no Government building suitable for the purpose, make, subject to approval, written agreement of the rent of an office upon the most reasonable terms possible; and two copies of this contract shall be forwarded immediately to the Provost-Marshal-General. This office will consist of not more than three rooms, one of which shall be used by the

