
Board of Enrollment during its sessions, and may be devoted at other times to the wants of the service. The rent will be paid as herein-after provided for other accounts.

10. Each provost-marshal may employ two clerks, subject t the approval of the Provost-Marshal-General, and at a rate of compensation to be fixed by him. One of these clerks shall, in addition to his other duties, act as record of the Board of Enrollment, and both may be appointed deputy provost-marshal for local purposes, but shall not be entitled to additional compensation thereof. Provost-marshals in reporting the appointments of their clerks will send to the Provost-Marshal- General a specimen of the handwriting of each one appointed, and shall recommend the amount of compensation proper to be allowed him.

DEPUTY PROVOST-MARSHALS AND AGENTS.

11. Two deputy provost-marshals for each district composed of more than one county may be appointed, subject to the approval of the Provost-Marshal-General; and if more are thought to be necessary, the number required, the places where, and the reasons why, with all the facts, will be reported through the acting assistant provost-marshal-general for the State, with such recommendations in each case as may be deemed pertinent. The pay of a deputy provost-marshal shall not be more than $100 per month.

12. Special officers or agents for detecting and arresting desecrates and spies may be employed when necessary, but not more than four shall be employed when necessary, but not more attn four shall be employed in a district without the approval of the Provost-Marshal-General. They may be paid at the rate of $40 to $65 per month, depending on their usefulness.

DUTIES OF PROVOST-MARSHALS.

13. Immediately upon entering upon his duties each provost-marshal shall report by letter to the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States and the acting assistant provost-marshal-general for his State. In case no such acting assistant provost-marshal- general has been assigned, he will place himself at once in communication with the Governor of the State.

14. He will place himself in communication with the principal executive officers of the civil service within his district and all officers commanding organized military forces therein. He shall also acquaint himself with the approximate strength of these forces and the regular stations occupied by them.

15. He shall see to securing and rendering the vouchers and accounts incident to all services pertaining to his office.

16. Section 7, act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, approved March 3, 1863, is as follows:

And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the provost-marshals to arrest all deserters, whether regulars, volunteers, militiamen, or persons called found, and to send them to the nearest military commander or military post; to detect, seize, and confine spies of the enemy, who shall, without unreasonable delay, be delivered to the custody of the general commanding the department in which they may be arrested, to be tried as soon as the exigencies of the service permit; to obey all lawful orders and regulations of the Provost-Marshal-General, and such as may be prescribed by law, concerning the enrollment and calling into service of the national forces.

