
17. When transportation is required by the provost-marshal for deserters after their arrest, or for the military guards in charge of them, he shall make requisition for it one the U. S. quartermaster, if there be one accessible; if not, he shall procure transportation and take vouchers as hereinafter provided.

18. It shall be the duty of the provost-marshal in each district to call together, whenever required, the Board of Enrollment; to preside as its sessions, announce such of its decisions or directions as it may be necessary to make public, enforce its orders, see that a fair record is made of its proceeding in a book kept for that purpose by the recorder, and to transmit to the Provost-Marshal-General the enrollment lists as consolidated by the Board, and such other communications as the Board may deem it necessary to lay before the Provost-Marshal-General.

19. The provost-marshal shall himself, or through his deputies, carry out that part of section 12 of the enrollment act which required that the persons drawn in the draft 'shall be notified of the same within ten days thereafter, by a written or printed notice, to be served personally, or by leaving a copy, at the last palace of residence, requiring them to appear at a designated rendezvous to report for duty." And all persons so drawn in the draft shall report at the place of rendezvous on the day required by said notice, which shall be within ten days after such notice has ben thus served upon them.

20. He shall file with the district attorney of the United States, for the district in which the offense shall have been committed, written information, containing a report of the vats against any and all persons within his district who shall have violated section 24 of the enrollment act, or any part of the same, which section is in the following terms, to wit:

SEC. 24. And be it further enacted, That every person not subject to the Rules and Articles of War who shall procure or entire, or attempt to procure or entice, a soldier in the service of the United States to desert; or who shall harbor, conceal, or give employment to a deserter, or carry him away, or aid in carrying him away, knowing him to be such; or who shall purchase from any soldier his arms, equipments, ammunition, uniform, clothing, or any part thereof; and any captain or commanding officer of any shop or vessel, or any superintendent or conductor of any railroad, or any other public conveyance, carrying away any such soldier as one of his crew or otherwise, knowing him to have deserted, or shall refuse to deliver him up to the orders, or his commanding officer, shall, upon legal conviction, be fined, at the discretion of any court having cognizance of the same, in any sum not exceeding five hundred dollars, and he shall be imprisoned not exceeding tow years nor less than six months.

21. He shall arrest and forthwith deliver to the proper civil of the United States within and for the district in which the arrest is made, with written charges in the case, an y and all persons who shall have violated section 25 of the enrollment act, or any part of the same, which section is in the following terms, to wit:

SEC. 25. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall resist any draft of men enrolled under this act into the service of the President States, or shall counsel or aid any person to resist nay such draft; or shall assault or obstruct any officer in making such draft, or in the performance of any service in relation thereto; or shall counsel any person to assault or obstruct any such officer, or shall counsel any drafter men not to appear at the place of rendezvous, or willfully dissuade them from the performance of military duty as required by law, such person shall be subject to summary arrest by the provost-marshal, and shall be forthwith delivered to the civil authorities, and, upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine not exceeding five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding two years, or by both of said punishments.

