
Provost-marshals are required to execute this duty with firmness, but with prudence and good judgment, and without unnecessary harshness.

22. It shall be the duty of the provost-marshal to prepare and forward, through the assistant provost-marshal-general for his State, to the Provost-Marshal-General, charges and specifications in due form against the surgeon of the Board of Enrollment in his district, if said surgeon omits any of the duties, or renders himself liable to any of the penalties set forth in sections 14 and 15 of the enrollment act, which are in the following terms, to wit:

SEC. 14. And be it further enacted, That all drafted persons shall, on arriving at the rendezvous, be carefully inspected by the surgeon of the Board, who shall truly report to the Board the physical condition of each one; and all persons drafter and claiming exemption form military duty on account of disability, or any other cause, shall present their claims to be exempted to the Boards, whose decision shall be final.

SEC. 15. And be it further enacted, That any surgeon charged with the duty of such inspection who shall receive form any person whomsoever any money or other valuable thins, or agree, directly or indirectly, to receive the same to his own or another's use, for making an imperfect inspection or a false o r incorrect report, or who shall willfully neglect to make a faithful inspection and true report, shall be tried by a court-martial, and, on conviction thereof, be punished by fine not exceeding five hundred dollars nor less than tow hundred, and be imprisoned at the discretion of the court, and be cashiered and dismissed from the service.

23. The provost-marshal shall, so far as it may be in his power, make the seizures provided for in section 23 of the enrollment act, which section is in the following terms, to wit:

SEC. 23. And be it further enacted, That the clothes, arms, military outfits, and accouterments furnished by the United States to any soldier shall not be sold, bettered, exchanged, pledged, loaned, or given away; and no person not a soldier or dully authorized officer of the United Sates,w ho has possession of any such clothes, arms, military outfits, or accouterments, furnished as aforesaid, and which have been the subject of any such sale, barter, exchange, pledge, loan, or gift, shall have any right, title, or interest therein; but the same may be seized and taken wherever found by any officer of the United States, civil or military, and shall thereupon be delivered to any quartermaster or other officer authorized to receive the same; and the possession of any such clothes, arms, military outfits, or accouterments, by an y person not a soldier or officer of the United States, shall be prima facie evidence of such a sale, barter, exchange, pledge, loan, or gift, as aforesaid.

24. Provost-marshals are expected and required to complete all bossiness which may originate in or properly belong to their respective districts, though in dong so they or their deputies or agent may for the time be carried within the geographical limits of other districts.

25. To enable provost-marshals to discharge their duties efficiently they are authorized to call upon the nearest available military force, or on citizens as a posse comitatus, or on U. S. marshals and deputy marshals; and these and all other persons are hereby enjoined to aid the provost-marshal in the execution of his lawful duties when called on so to do.

26. Provost-marshals will report form time to time as to what they deem necessary to secure an efficient performance of the duties required of them, and a complete execution of the law under which they act, giving the names and object of employed proposed.

27. Each provost-marshal shall conform to the special instructions herein after set forth, and communicate promptly and fully, through the acting assistant provost-marshal-general for his State, such information and suggestions as he may deem of importance.

9 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

