
DUTIES OF BOARDS OF ENROLLMENT.

56. Section 9 of act enrolling and calling out the national forces, &amp;c., approved March 3, 1863, provides:

That it shall be the duty of the said board to divide the district into sub-districts of convenient size, if they shall deem it necessary, not exceeding two, without the direction of the Secretary of War, and to appoint, on or before the tenth day of March next, and in each alternate year thereafter, an enrolling officer for each sub-district, and to furnish him with proper blanks and instructions; and he shall immediately proceed to enroll all persons subject to military duty, noting their respective places of residence, ages on the first day of April, report the same to the occupation, and shall, on or before the first day of April, report the same to the Board of Enrollment, to be consolidated into one list, a copy of which shall be transmitted to the Provost-Marshal-General, on or before the first day of May succeeding the enrollment: Provided, nevertheless, That if, from any cause, the duties prescribed by this section cannot be performed within the time specified, then the same shall be performed as soon thereafter as practicable.

57. To carry out the provisions of the foregoing act, and for the purpose of enrollment, the Board in each district is hereby directed by the Secretary of War to divide each district, whenever the Board shall deem it expedient, into sub-district, where the population is dense, or a county may be made a sub- district in sparsely-settled regions. The object to be kept in view by the board shall be to make such subdivisions as to insure the completion of the enrolment at the earliest date practicable.

58. The Board shall, by its majority, appoint, with the least practicable delay, an enrolling officer for each sub-district, and shall take pains to see that fit and proper persons are selected for this position. The enrolling officers may be paid not to exceed $3 per diem for the time actually employed.

59. The Board will give the enrolling officers all necessary instructions, as they act under its direction.

60. The Board shall require of each enrolling officer, before he enters on his duties, an oath duly administered and witnessed, that he will perform faithfully, and without partiality, favor, or affection, all the duties of his office as enrolling officer of the sub-district to which he is appointed, and that he will obey all lawful instructions of the Board of Enrollment.

61. The enrolling officer for each district or sub-district shall, immediately upon his appointment, proceed to enroll all persons subject to out the national forces. He shall note their respective places of residence, their ages, as they will be upon the 1st day of july, 1863, their color, whether white or black, and their occupations, respectively.

62. This enrollment must include:

(1) All able-bodied male citizens of the United States, between the ages of twenty and forty-five years, not exempt from military service by law.

(2) All persons of foreign birth, not so exempted, who shall have declared, on oath, their intention to become citizens of the United States under and in pursuance of the laws thereof.

63. Section 3 of act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, &c., approved March 3, 1863, provides:

That the national forces of the United States not now in the military service, enrolled under this act, shall be divided into two classes; the first of which shall

