
fully proved to the Board before exemption is granted under this plea. The following rules should be carefully regarded, viz:

The affidavit of the person claiming exemption must in all cases be required, supported by as much of the following testimony as can be obtained or may be deemed requisite:

(1) By an authenticated extract form the legal registry of birds, if there be any such registry.

(2) By any other authenticated documentary evidence tending to establish the act of age.

(3) By the affidavit of the parents.

(4) By the affidavits of such other respectable persons (not less than two) heads of families as are most likely to be informed on the subject.

The amount of evidence herein required to establish a claim to exemption is the least which the Board should accept; and if in any case the Board has reason to doubt the character or sufficiency of the evidence presented it should decline granting the exemption, unless such additional proof as it may require be produced in time to be considered, without delaying the business of the draft.

EXEMPTIONS AND RULES OF EVIDENCE BY WHICH THEY ARE TO BE DETERMINED.

84. Section 2, act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, &amp;c., approved March 3, 1863, provides as fellows:

That the following persons be, and they are hereby, excepted and exempt from the provisions of this act, and shall not be liable to military duty under the same, to wit: Such as are rejected as physically or mentally unfit for the service; also, first, the Vice-President of the United States, the judges of the various courts of the United States, the heads of the various executive departments of the Government, and the governors of the several Stats. Second, the only son liable to military duty of a widow dependent upon his labor for support. Third, the only son of aged or infirm parent or parents dependent upon his labor for support. Fourth, where there are two or more sons of aged or infirm parents subject to draft, the father, or, if he be dead, the mother may elect which son shall be exempt. Fifth, the only brother of children not twelve years old, having neither father nor mother, dependent upon his labor for support. Sixth, the father of motherless children under twelve years of age dependent upon his labor for support. Seventh, where there are a father and sons in the same family and household, and two of them are in the military service of the United States as non-commissioned officers, musicians, or privates, the residue of such family and household, not exceeding two, shall be exempt Provided, however, That no person who has been convicted of any felony shall be enrolled or permitted to serve in said forces.

85. The following diseases and infirmities are those which disqualify for military service, and for which only drafter men are to be "rejected as physically or mentally unfit for the service," viz;

(1) Manifest imbecility or insanity.

(2) Epilepsy. For this disability the statement of the drafted man is insufficient, and the fact must be established by the duly attested affidavit of a physician of good standing who has attended him in a convulsion.

(3) paralysis, general of one limb, or chorea; their existence to be adequately determined.

(4) Acute or organic diseases of the brain or spinal chord; of the heart or lungs; of the stomach or intestines; of the liver or spleen; of the kidneys or bladder, sufficient to have impaired the general health, or so well marked as to leave no reasonable doubt of the man's incapacity for military service.

