
(5) Confirmed consumption; cancer; aneurism of the large arteries.

(6) Inveterate and extensive disease of the skin, which will necessarily impair his efficiency as a soldier.

(7) Decided feebleness of constitution, whether natural or acquired.

(8) Scrofula or constitutional syphilis, which has resisted treatment and seriously impaired his general health.

(9) Habitual and confirmed intemperance or solitary vice, in degree sufficient to have materially enfeebled the constitution.

(10) Chronic rheumatism, unless manifested by positive change of structure, wasting of the affected limb, or puffiness or distortion of the joints, does not exempt. Impaired motion of joints and contraction of the limb alleged to arise from rheumatism, and in which the nutrition of the limbs alleged to arise from rheumatism, and in which the nutrition of the limb is not manifestly impaired, are to be proved by examination while in a state of anaesthesia induced by ether only.,

(11) Pain, whether simulation headache, neuralgia in any of its forms, rheumatism, lumbago, or affections of the muscles, bones, or joints, is a symptom of disease so easily pretended that it is not to be admitted as a course for exemption unless accompanied with manifest derangement of the general health, wasting of a limb, or other positive sign of disqualifying local disease.

(12) Great injuries or diseases of the skull, occasioning impairment of the intellectual faculties, epilepsy, or other manifest nervous or spasmodic symptoms.

(13) Total loss of sight; loss of sight of right eye; cataract; loss of crystallin lens of right eye.

(14) Other serious diseases of the eye affecting its integrity and use, e. g., chronic ophthalmia, fistula lachrymalis, ptosis (if real), extropion, entropion, &amp;c. Myopia, unless very decide or depending upon some structural change in the eye, is not a cause for exemption.

(15) Loss of nose; deformity of nose so great as seriously to obstruct respiration; ozena, dependent upon caries in progress.

(16) Comples disability must not be admitted on the mere statement of the drafted man, but must be proved by the existence of positive disease, or by other satisfactory evidence. Purulent otorrhoea.

(17) Carries of the superior or inferior maxilla, of the nasal or palate bones, if in progress; cleft palate (bony); extensive loss of substance of the cheeks, or salivary fistula.

(18) Dumbness; permanent loss of voice; not to be admitted without clear and satisfactory proof.

(19) Total loss of tongue; mutilation or partial loss of tongue, provided the mutilation be extensive enough to interfere with the necessary use of the organ.

(20) Hypertrophy or atrophy of the tongue, sufficient in degree to impair speech or deglutition; obstinate chronic ulceration of he tongue.

(21) Stammering, if excessive and confirmed, to be established by satisfactory evidence under oath.

(22) Loks of a sufficient number of teeth to prevent proper mastication of food and tearing the cartridge.

(23) Incurable deformities or loss of part of either jaw, hindering biting of the cartridge or proper mastication, or greatly injuring speech; anchylosis of lower jaw.

(24) Tumors of the neck, impeding respirations or deglutition; fistula of larynx or trachea; torticollis, if of long standing and well marked.

