
(25) Deformity of the chest sufficient to impede respiration, or to prevent the carrying of arms and military equipments; caries of the ribs.

(26) Deficient amplitude and power of expansion of chest. A man five feet three inches (minimum standard height for the Regular Army) should not measure less than thirty inches in circumference immediately above the nipples and have an expansive mobility of not less than two inches.

(27) Abdomen grossly protuberant; excessive obesity; hernia, either inguinal or femoral.

(28) Artificial anus; stricture of the rectum; prolapsus ani. Fistula in ano is not a positive disqualification, but may be so, if extensive or complicated with visceral disease.

(29) Old and ulcerated internal hemorrhoids, if in degree sufficient to impair the man's efficiency. External hemorrhoids are no cause for exemption.

(30) Total loss or nearly total loss of peor hypospadia at the middle or near the root of the penis.

(31) Incurable permanent organic stricture of the urethra, in which the urine is passed drop by drop, or which is complicated by disease of the bladder; urinary fistula. Recent or spasmodic stricture of the urethra does not exempt.

(32) Incontinence of urine, being a disease frequently feigned and of rare occurrence, is not of itself a cause for exemption. Stone in the bladder, ascertained by the introduction of the metallic catheter, is a positive disqualification.

(33) Loss or complete atrophy of both testicles form any cause; permanent retention of one or both testicles within the inguinal canal; but voluntary retraction does not exempt.

(34) Confirmed or malignant sarcocele; hydrocele, if complicated with organic disease of the testicle. Varicocele and cirsocele are not in themselves disqualifying.

(35) Excessive anterior or posterior curvature of the spine; caries of the spine.

(36) Loss of an arm, forearm, hand, thigh, leg, or foot.

(37) Wounds, fractures, tumors, atrophy of a limb, or chronic diseases of the joint or bones, that would impede marching or prevent continuous muscular exertion.

(38) Anchylosis or irreducible dislocation of the shoulder, elbow, wrist, hip, knee, or ankle joint.

(39) Muscular or cutaneous contractions from wounds or burns in degree sufficient to prevent useful motion of a limb.

(40) Total loss of a thumg; loss of ungual phalanx of right thumb.

(41) Total loss of any two fingers of same hand.

(42) Total loss of index finger of right hand.

(43) Loss of the first and second phalanges of the fingers of right hand.

(44) Permanent extension or permanent contraction of any finger except the little finger; all the fingers adherent or united.

(45) Total loss of either great toe; loss of any three toes on the same foot; all the toes joined together.

(46) The great toe crossing the other toes with great prominence of the articulation of the metatarsal bone and first phalanx of the great toe.

(47) Ovrposition of all the toes.

