
I feel a delicacy in writing this communication to you, and only do for protection of our people.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. R. KAUFMAN,

House of Delegate, Frederick County, Va.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., January 13, 1863.

Brigadier General DANIEL ULLMANN,

Washington, C. C.:

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of War you are hereby authorized to raise a brigade (of four regiments) of Louisiana volunteer infantry, to be recruited in that State, to serve for three years or during the war. Each regiment of said brigade will be organized as prescribed in General Orders, No. 126, series of 1862, from this office. The recruitment will be conducted in accordance with the rules of the service and the orders of the War Department, and by the said Department all appointments of officers will be made. All musters will be made in strict conformity to paragraph 86, Revised Mustering Regulation of 1862.

I am, very respectfully,

THOS. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 13, 1863.

Colonel JAMES MONTGOMERY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of War you are hereby authorized to raise, subject to the approval of the general commanding the Department of the South under his direction, a regiment of South Carolina volunteer infantry, to be recruited in that State to serve for three years or during the war.

The said regiment will be organized as prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 126, current series [1862], from this office. All appointments of officers will be made by the War Department. All musters will be made in strict conformity to paragraph 86, Revised Mustering Regulations of 1862.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. FORCES,On Shenandoah Mountain, January 13, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In reply to a letter from Robert Ould, esq., agent of exchange, to H. B. Division, of date January 2, 1863, which was refereed to me, I have the honor to transmit herewith proof of the authenticity

