
duty is performed will depend, in a very great degree, the efficiency of the Army.

92. In the examination the examining surgeons will bear in mind that the object of the Government is to secure the services of men who are effective, able-bodied, sober, and free form disqualifying diseases.

93. The examining surgeons will also remember that the object of he drafter men in claiming exemption may be to escape from service by presented, simulated, or factitious diseased, or by exaggerating or aggravating those that really exist, and that the design of substitutes frequently is to conceal disqualifying infirmities.

94. The examination by the examining surgeon is to be conducted in the daytime, in the presence of the Board of Enrollment, and in a room well lighted and sufficiently large for the drafted man to walk about the exercise his limbs, which he must be required to do briskly.

95. The man is to be examined stripped.

96. The surgeon will habitually conduct his examination of a man in the following order, to ascertain--

(1) Whether his limbs are well formed and sufficiently muscular; whether they are ulcerated or extensively cicatrized; whether he has free motion of all his joints, and whether there are nay varicose veins, tumors, wounds, fractures, dislocations, or sprains that would impede his marching or prevent continuous muscular exertion.

(2) Whether the thumbs and fingers are complete in number, are well formed, and their motion unimpaired.

(3) Whether the feet are sufficiently arched to prevent the tortuosity of the scaphoid bone form touching the ground; whether the toes are complete in number, do not overlap, are not joined together, and whether the great does are free form bunions.

(4) Whether he has any inveterate and extensive disease of the skin.

(5) Whether he is sufficiently intelligent; is not subject to convulsions, and whether he has received any contusion or wound of the head that many impair his faculties.

(6) Whether his hearing, vision, and speech are good, and whether the eye and this appendages are free from disqualifying diseases.

(7) Whether he has a sufficient number of teeth in good condition to masticate his food properly and to tear his cartridge quickly and with ease. The cartridge is torn with the incisor, canine, or bicuspid teeth.

(8) Whether his chest is ample and well formed, in due proportion to his height, and with power of full expansion.

(9) Whether there is any structural or serous functional disease of the heart.

(10) Whether the abdomen is well formed and not too protuberant; whether either the liver or spleen is considerably enlarged, and whether the rectum and anus are free form disqualifying diseases.

(11) Whether the spermatic chords and testes are free form diseases which would impair his efficiency; whether the testes are within the scrotum, and whether he has any rupture.

(12) Whether there is any organic disease of the kidney or bladder, or permanent stricture of the urethra.

(13) Whether his physical development is good, and constitution neither nnor impaired by disease, habitual intemperance, or solitary vice; whether he is free form phthisis, scrofula, and constitutional syphilis, and whether he is epileptic, imbecile, or insane.

