
Many of the physical defects above mentioned are insufficient in themselves to disqualify for military service. In determining whether the man is fit or unfit for service the Board must be governed by the list of diseases and infirmities enumerated in paragraph 85.

ACCOUNTS, REPORTS, AND RETURNS.

97. the following are the accounts, reports, and returns to be rendered by provost-marshals to the provost-Marshal-General:

(1) Tri-monthly reports of persons arrested, showing the disposition made of them. (Form 1.) A copy of this report will be sent to the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of the State.

(2) Tri-monthly reports of deserters arrested, stating now disposed of. (Form 2.) A copy to be sent to the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of the State.

(3) Tri-monthly reports of their business and general transactions in the form of a letter, subdivided into subjects. (Triplicates.) A copy to be sent to the acting assistant provost- marshal-general of the State.

(4) Monthly reports of persons and articles hired and employed. (Form 4.) A copy to be sent to the acting assistant provost- marshal-general of the State.

(5) Monthly reports of persons and articles hired and employed. (Form 4.) A copy to be sent to the acting assistant provost- marshal-general of the State.

(6) Monthly reports of persons arrested, being a consolidation of the tri-monthly reports on the same subject. (Form 5.) A copy to be sent ot the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of the State.

(7) Monthly returns of provost-marshals" parties and deserters. (Form 6.) A copy to be sent to the acting assistant provost- marshal-general of the State.

(8) Monthly returns of public property. (Form 7.) An abstract (Form 8) will be made of all the articles purchased during the month. Articles expended, lost, destroyed, &amp;c., to be accounted for on an abstract (Form 9) with vouchers. (Form 10.)

98. One copy of monthly reports, returns, &c., must be transmitted to the Provost-Marshal-General's Office within five days after the end of the month to which they relate; and one copy thereof will be kept on field by each provost-marshal.

99. Officers in singing accounts and papers must give their rank and regiment or corps. Provost-marshals must append their title to their names.

100. No expenditure must be charged without a proper voucher to support it.

101. Each voucher must be separately entered on the abstract of indebtedness incurred.

102. Each voucher should be complete in itself, being accompanied by all orders and explanation necessary to make it fully understood.

103. Vouchers for purchases must specify the date and place of purchase, the items and amount, and the name of the person or persons in whose favor the account is made.

104. Vouchers for other expenditures must specify when, where, to whom, and for what purpose the expenditure was made; the number and names of the persons for whom the expense was incurred-if for officers or enlisted men, the company and regiment to which they belong. When the names are numerous a separate list of them should accompany the voucher.

