
126. When the expense has been incurred for civilians the vouchers and sub-vouchers will be sent for payment direct to the Provost-Marshal-General.

127. The vouchers (Form 18) in quadruplicate will be made out and certified by the provost-marshal, and will be disposed of as indicated for other accounts.

128. Vouchers for office rent and for the rent of rendezvous (Form 18), for the purchase of office furniture, fuel, and stationery (Form 13) for postage (Form 14), and for travelling pay to drafted persons (Form 11), and for the payment of persons employed (Form 17), to be sent monthly, after being properly made out, certified, and receipted, will be forwarded for payment direct to the Provost-Marshal-General. One copy of these vouchers to be retained, except 17, and disposed of as provided in paragraph 119.

129. All accounts for per diem to special provost-marshals, special guards, and to all other persons for services rendered, and not herein otherwise specially provided for, will be made out and certified by the provost-marshal, and shall be disposed of as provided in paragraph 119.

129. All accounts for per diem to special provost-marshals, special guards, and to all other persons for services rendered, and not herein otherwise specially provided for, will be made out and certified by the provost-marshal, and shall be disposed of as provided in paragraph 119.

130. The expenses incurred for drafted persons prior to their reporting for duty, and for deserters previous to their delivery at provost-marshal's rendezvous, including subsistence while at the rendezvous, must be paid by the Provost-Marshal-General form the appropriations at his disposal; but after leaving the rendezvous to join their regiments or any general rendezvous established by the War Department, all expenses for the subsistence and transportation of drafted persons and deserters shall be paid by the Subsistence and Quartermaster's Departments respectively.

131. All questions relating to the payment of expenses connected with the enrollment and draft, the arrest and return of deserters to their regiments, or such other duties as provost-marshals shall be called upon to perform, shall be referred to the Provost-Marshal-General, whose decision thereon shall, so far as the War Department respectively.

131. All questions relating to the payment of expenses connected with the enrolment and draft, the arrest and return of deserters to their regiments, or such other duties as provost-marshals shall be called upon to perform, shall be referred to the Provost-Marshal-General, whose decision there on shall, so far as the War Department is concerned, be final.

Extract from General Regulations of the Army.

ARTICLE XLI.

PUBLIC PROPERTY, MONEY, ACCOUNTS, AND CONTRACTS.

995. Any officer who shall directly or indirectly sell or dispose of, for a premium, any Treasury note, draft, warrant, or other public security in his hands for disbursement, or sell or dispose of the proceeds or avails thereof without making returns of such premium and accounting thereof by charging it in his accounts ot the credit of the United States, will forthwith be dismissed by the President. (Act August 6, 1864.)

996. If any disbursing officer shall be at cards or any game of hazard, his commanding officer shall suspend his functions and require him to turn over all the public funds in his keeping, and shall immediately report the case to the proper bureau of the War Department.

997. All officers are forbid to give or take any receipt in blank for public money or property; but in all aces the voucher shall be made out in full, and the true date, place, and exact amount of money, in words, shall be written out in the receipt before it is signed.

1000. No officer disbursing or directing the disbursement of money for the military service shall be concerned, directly or indirectly, in the purchase or sale, for commercial purposes, of any article intended

