
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 25. Milliken's Bend, La., April 22, 1863.

I. Corps, division, and post commanders will afford all facilities for the completion of the negro regiments now organizing in this department. Commissaries will issue supplies, and quartermasters will furnish stores, on the same requisitions and returns as are required from other troops. It is expected that all commanders will especially exert themselves in carrying out the policy of the Administration, not only in organizing colored regiments and rendering them efficient, but also in removing prejudice against them.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 23, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

The Secretary of War has refused three applications to make the troops in Kentucky a distinct army corps, for the reason that they are not combined into a single corps, but act by detachments. Should these troops gain some important victory he may make them a distinct corps as a reward.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in Chief.

CINCINNATI, April 23, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

I am very anxious to know if the order authorizing the organization of the 20,000 troops have been issued. I feel that it is important that it should be done at once. Colonel Bramblette, whose initials you have in a paper left by General Boyle, would make a most excellent brigadier-general to assist in organizing these troops, and I sincerely hope dire-general to assist in organizing these troops, and I sincerely hope he will be appointed at once by telegraph and ordered to report to me.

There is likely to be some trouble in this department, but I think it can be quieted. Should I be compelled to assume a little more responsibility than attaches to my position, I feel sure you will sustain me. I shall try to do nothing indiscreet.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 99. Washington, April 24, 1863.

Volunteer regiments about to be discharged will, at the expiration of their term of service, be returned to the State in which they were raised and there promptly paid and mustered out. They will turn over their arms and equipments before leaving the army in which they are serving. The Quartermaster's Department will furnish transportation, and the Subsistence Department will furnish subsistence up to

