
codes of civilized Europe. It has pursued this course, notwithstanding the innumerable violations of the rules of civilized warfare by its enemies.

Nevertheless there probably have been, as there always will be, individual acts of subordinates or irresponsible persons which can not be justified, and some of which deserve punishment. All such cases, when brought to the attention of the Government, are immediately investigated and a remedy applied.

Neither in this nor in any other matter will the course of the Government be changed by any unbecoming threats of barbarous retaliation, no matter by whom they may be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK

General-in-Chief.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., January 15, 1863-11 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am informed by Robert Dale Owen that two drafts of $50,000 each have been drawn on the Treasury in favor of Colonel Carrington, mustering officer here. They have not come to hand, and Colonel Carrington has no notice of their being sent. I have borrowed large sums and advanced them to him for advance pay and bounty, of which about $60,000 has not been refunded. The interest is accumulating, for which I am personally responsible. There are some companies of cavalry here ready for the field, and can leave as soon as their bounty is paid. I pray you will have the money sent to Colonel Carrington at once.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., January 15, 1863.

GOVERNOR OF RHODE ISLAND,

Providence, R. I.:

SIR: I am directed to say that the President will accept into the service of the United States an infantry regiment of volunteers of African descent, if offered by your State and organized according to the rules and regulations of the service.

I am, very respectfully,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., January 15, 1863.

Governor SALOMON,

Madison, Wis:

Your telegram respecting the recent decision of the supreme court has been submitted to the President and his decision will be communicated to you.*

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

* This in reply to Salomon of January 13, Series II, Vol. V, p. 174.

---------------

