
PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., April 24, 1863.

To His Excellency Governor HORATIO SEYMOUR,

Governor of New York:

SIR: With a view to uniform and harmonious execution of the enrollment act, it has been deemed best to assign an officer of this department of rank to duty at the capital of New York. He will be instructed to confer with Your Excellency, to superintend the operations of the provost-marshals and boards of enrollment in the several districts of the State, excepting the first nine, to secure from the provost-marshals and boards and submit to the State executive such rolls and reports as may be deemed necessary for the files of the State, and to prepare from the State records and transmit to the provost-marshals and boards of enrollment such information placed at his disposal by the State authorities as may be necessary or useful to them in the performance of the duties assigned them. With similar views and for a like purpose it has been decided to assign an officer to the city of New York to exercise the same functions for the first nine Congressional districts of your State.

In accordance with the foregoing, Major Frederick Townsend, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, has been directed to take post at Albany, and Colonel Robert Nugent, Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, at New York City.

These are officers of superior ability and gentlemen of attainments,and it is hoped their assignment will prove agreeable to Your Excellency.

The War Department will be pleased if Your Excellency will communicate fully with them and secure as far as possible for all officers appointed under the enrollment act the co-operation of the civil officers of your State.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., April 24, 1863.

To His Excellency Governor A. G. CURTIS,

Governor of Pennsylvania:

SIR: With a view to uniform and harmonious executions execution of the enrollment act, it has been deemed best to assign an officer of this department of rank to duty at the capital of each State. He will be instructed to confer with the Governor, to superintend the operations of the provost-marshals and boards of enrollment in the several districts of the State, to secure from the provost-marshals and boards and submit to the State executive such rolls and reports as may be deemed necessary for the files of the State records and transmit to the provost-marshals and boards of enrollment such information placed at his disposal by the State authorities as may be necessary or useful to provost-marshals or boards of enrollment in the performance of the duties assigned them.

In accordance with the foregoing, Lieutenant Colonel Charles F. Ruff, Third U. S. Cavalry, has been directed to take post at Harrisonburg. He is an officer of superior ability and a gentleman of attainments, and it is hoped his assignment will prove agreeable to Your Excellency.

