
The War Department will be pleased if Your Excellency will communicate freely with him and secure, as far as possible, for all officers appointed under the enrollment act the co- operation of the civil officers of your State.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

MEMORANDUM.-Letters of advice similar to foregoing sent to Governors of other States.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 102. Washington, April 25, 1863.

* * * *

II. When transportation has been furnished under General Orders, Numbers 121, of 1862, the accounts therefor will be settled, no matter whether the mode of transportation be by railroad, steam-boat, stage, wagon, or otherwise.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, April 25, 1863.

Colonel EDWARD A. WILD,

Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers:

(Under cover to His Excellency the Governor of Massachusetts.)

SiR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that your authority of date the 14th [13th] instant, to raise a brigade of volunteer infantry, is under the condition that the organization shall be conducted by successive regiments-that is, the first regiment must be complete in all respect before the second one is commenced,and thus on until the recruitment is finished.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., April 25, 1863.

Major FREDERICK TOWNSEND,

Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, Albany, N. Y.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose herewith an order assigning you to duty as acting assistant provost-marshal-general for the State of New York, excepting the first nine Congressional districts; also a copy of a letter addressed to His Excellency Governor Seymour.* Copies of the Regulations for the Government of the Provost-Marshal-General's Department will be forwarded within a few days.

You are assigned to duty by virtue of your commission as major in the Eighteenth Regiment of Infantry, in the service of the United States, and have the power belonging to it; but as there is no law creasing the position of provost-marshals for States, you will act for the districts mentioned in the State of New York in the name of the

---------------

*See April 24, p. 166.

---------------

