
Provost-Marshal-General and as his assistant. You will be exclusively under the orders of this department; yet, while the Governor of New York has no control over you, you will be required to acquaint yourself with his views and wishes, and give them due weight in determining as to the best interests of the General Government, of which you are the representative. The this end you will use all proper means to gain and to retain the confidence and good will of the Governor and his State officers. You will endeavor by all means in your power to secure for the execution of the enrollment act the aid and hearty co-operation of His Excellency the Governor and of the civil officers in his State, as also of the people. Instructions in detail will be sent to you from time to time as the requirements of the service of the Provost-Marshal-General's Department may develop themselves. You are authorized to establish a suitable office and employ such clerical assistance as may be absolutely necessary, conforming in principle with the rules governing provost-marshals in like cases.

You will make it your first duty to present for the consideration of the Provost-Marshal-General all important questions arising within your jurisdiction, with such remarks as will serve fully to explain them, and with such recommendations as you may consider best calculated for the benefit of the service. The State of New York has failed to furnish her full quota of men under the President's calls of July 2 and August 4, 1862, for 600,000 men. You will at once calculate, by reference to the State records, what proportion of the deficilate, by reference to the State records, what proportion of the deficiency is due to each district under your charge in the State and inform the department of the result at the earliest day practicable. The actual deficiency from the districts is not sought, but the proportion of it form each district is required, taking for the calculation such information in regard to the actual deficiency as the State records may give you.

The enrollment lately made by the State will probably be useful to the boards in the different districts under your control, and you are therefore desired to have prepared at once and transmitted to them, respectively, such extracts from the State enrollment lists as will facilitate their business.

You will also inform yourself, as far as practicable, of the localities, numbers, and strength of the enemies of the Government, if there be any, in the districts under your charge in the State, and you will ascertain the location and strength of the military forces and of all enrolled, organized, or partially organized parties friendly to the Government within the same limits.

You will communicate fully and frequently upon the condition of affairs in the different districts under your superintendence, and you will take especial care to ascertain and report to this office all cases wherein provost-marshals, surgeons, commissioners, enrolling officers, or other employers of this department, shall have proved themselves unworthy or incompetent to fill the positions to which they have been appointed.

The information necessary to this end will be obtained both by your own personal examination and by the assistance of officers to be detailed under your orders as inspectors for this department in your portion of the State.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Similar letter to Lieutenant Colonel C. F. Ruff, for Pennsylvania.)

