
MEMORANDUM.-The following-named parties received similar letters to the above, with the letter to the above, with the letter of advice to the Governors of the States to which they were designated, viz: Major Thomas Duncan, State of Iowa, with copy of letter to Governor S. J. Kirkwood; Major Bennett H. Hill, Wheeling, Va., State of Michigan, with copy of letter to Governor Abner Cuborn ; Captain Anderson D. Nelson, Saint Paul, Minn., with copy of letter to Governor Francis H. Peirpoint; Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Level, Madison, Wis., with copy of letter to Governor Edward Salomon; Captain William Silvey, Providence R. I., with copy of letter of Governor--; Lieutenant Colonel Robert C . Buchanan, Trenton, N. J., with copy of letter to Governor Joel Parker; Lieutenant Colonel James Oakes, Detroit, Mich., with copy of letter to Governor R. Yatese, of Illinois; Colonel Edward A. Parrott, Columbus, Ohio, with copy of letter to Governor David Tod; Colonel Conrad Baker, Indianapolis, Ind., with copy of letter to Governor O. P. Morton.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., April 25, 1863.

His Honor GEORGE OPDYKE,

Mayor of the City of New York:

SIR: With a view to uniform and harmonious execution of the enrollment act, it has been deemed best to assign an officer of this department of rank to duty at the city of New York. He will be instructed to confer with the Governor and yourself; to superintend the operations of the provost-marshals in the first nine districts of the State; to secure from provost-marshal and boards in these districts and submit to the State Executive such rolls and reports as may be deemed necessary for the files of the State, and to prepare from the State records and transmit to the provost-marshals and boards of enrollment in these districts such information placed at his disposal by the State authorities as may be necessary or useful to them in the performance of the duties assigned them. In accordance with the foregoing, Colonel Robert Nugent, Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, has been directed to take post at New York Volunteers, has been directed to take post at New York city. He is an officer of superior ability and a gentleman of attainments, and it is hoped his assignment will prove agreeable to Your Honor.

The War Department will be pleased if Your Honor will communicate freely with him and secure as far as possible for all officers appointed under the enrollment act in these districts the co-operation of the civil officers of your city.

I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., April 27, 1863.

SIMON DRAPER, Esq.,

New York City, N. Y.:

SIR: The necessities of the service require that an officer of rank in the line of the Army should be detailed as acting assistant provost-marshal-general to perform the duties of that office and superintend

