
The provost-marshal for the district shall then send the application, with this certificate of the Board, to the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of the State, who shall procure such evidence of service and character as the records of the company to which he belonged, on file at the headquarters of the State, may show, and if satisfied that it is a meritorious case, and that the man is deserving, he will enlist him in accordance with such special rules as the Provost-Marshal- General may establish.

Medical inspectors, surgeons in charge of hospitals, military commanders, and all other having authority to discharge, under existing laws and regulations, are forbidden to grant discharges to any men under their control who may be fit for service in the Invalid Corps.

The Provost-Marshal-General is charged with the execution of this order, and the troops organized under it will be under the control of his bureau.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, April 28, 1863.

1. A board of five officers (the signal officer and a medical officer of the Army being members) will be assembled in this city for the examination of officers now on signal duty in the Army of the Potomac, the Middle Department, and the Departments of Washington and Virginia; and thereafter such persons as may be authorized by the Secretary of War to report to the Board for examination as candidates for commissions in this corps. The same boards will examination as candidates for commissions is this copes. The same boards will examine enlisted men of the signal parties on duty in the Department of Washington, and such other candidates for enlistment in, or transfer to, the corps, as may be brought before it.

2. As soon practicable the colonel and the two majors authorized by the act of March 3, 1863, shall be appointed.

3. Immediately after the appointment of the majors of the Signal Corps, auxiliary examining boards-in each of which one of the majors and a medical officer of the Army shall be members-will be appointed for the examination of the officers now on signal duty in the army corps and departments of the South and West; and, thereafter, such other persons as may be authorized by the Secretary of War to report for examination as candidates for commission.

4. The commander of each army corps or department in which the employment of signal parties is now or may be authorized will immediately appoint a board of three officers, two of whom shall be officers now on signal duty and the third a medical officer, for the examination of enlisted men now on signal duty who are candidates for transfer to or enlistment in the Signal Corps, and, if necessary to complete the organization of the signal parties in their command, such other persons as they may authorize to report for examination as candidates for enlistment. If the army corps forms a part of an army, then orders will be subject to the approval of the commanding general of that army.

5. The Board instituted by the first section will hold its session in the city of Washington, will adjourn form time to time according to the business before it, and be reassembled by the order of its president. It will call before it the officers to the examined by requisitions upon

