
out the force, by whom (after the date therefrom has been entered on the muster-out rolls) they will be forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D . TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 110. Washington, April 29, 1863.

I. The following is the organization of regiment and companies of the Volunteer Army of the United States under existing laws:

1. Regiment of infantry (ten companies).--One colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel. 1 major, 1 adjutant (an extra lieutenant), 1 quartermaster (an extra lieutenant), 1 surgeon, 2 assistant surgeons, 1 chaplain, 1 sergeant-major, 1 regiment quartermaster- sergeant, 1 regiment commissary-sergeant, 1 hospital steward, 2 principal musicians.

Company of infantry.--One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, 1 wagoner, and 64 privates, minimum; 82 privates, maximum.

2. Regiment of cavalry (twelve companies or troops).--One colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 3 majors, 1 surgeons, 2 assistant surgeons, 1 regimental adjutant (an extra lieutenant), 1 regimental quartermaster (an extra lieutenant), 1 regimental commissary (an extra lieutenant), 1 chaplain, 1 veterinary surgeon, 1 sergeant-major-, 1 quartermaster-sergeant, 1 commissary-sergeant, 2 hospital stewards, 1 saddler sergeant, 1 chief trumpeter.

Company or troop of cavalry.--One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 1 quartermaster-sergeant, 1 commissary--sergeant, 5 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 trumpeters, 2 farriers or blacksmiths, 1 saddler, 1 wagoner, and 60 privates, minimum; 78 privates, maximum.

3. Regimental of artillery (twelve batteries).-One colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major for every four batteries, 1 adjutant (not an extra lieutenant), 1 quartermaster (not an extra lieutenant), 1 chaplain, 1 sergeant-major, 1 quartermasters- sergeant, 1 commissary--sergeant, 1 hospital steward, 2 principal musicians.

Battery of artillery.-One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 1 quartermaster-sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, 2 artificers, 1 wagoner, and 122 privates.

To the above organization of a battery one first and one second lieutenant, two sergeants, and four corpolars may be added, at the President's discretion.

The field officers, chaplain, and regimental staff-- commissioned and non-commissioned--will not be mustered or received into service without special authority from the War Department. As a general rule, artillery will be called for and received by batteries, thus rendering the field and staff unnecessary.

II. Chaplains must meet the requirements of section 8 of the act of July 17, 1862 (G. O., 91, A. G. O., 1862, pp. 17 and 18), as follows:

No person shall be appointed a chaplain in the Union States Army who is not a regularly ordained minister of some religious denomination, and who does not present testimonials of his present good standing as such minister, with a recommendation for his appointment as an army chaplain from some authorized ecclesiastical body, or not less than five

accredited ministers belonging to said religious denomination.

