
After chaplains are appointed, under section 9 of the act of July 22, 1861 (G. O., 49, A. G. O., 1861, p. 4), they must be mustered into service by an officer of the Regular Army and thereafter borne on the field and staff roll of the reigment.

Mustering officers before mustering chaplains into service will require from them a copy of the proceedings on which the appointment is based. The said copy, if found conformable to the requirements of the law, will be indorsed by the mustering officer and by him forwarded to the Adjutant-General's Office for file with the muster-in roll.

III. Except where consolidations have been made or are to be made, under General Orders, Numbers 86, from this office, the foregoing organizations will be strictly adhered to by all concerned.

No commissioned officer or enlisted man of any grade in excess of the legal organization will be recognized. Any commander who may acknowledge or receive, as in service, any such officer or enlisted man, will be brought to trial for neglect of duty and disobedience of orders. No person acting in the capacity of a supernumerary will, under any circumstances, be permitted to receive pay and allowances from the Government; and paymasters making payment to such super numbers will be held individually accountable for amounts so paid.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., April 29, 1863.

To -- --,

Provost-Marshal ---- District of ---:

SIR: The organization of the Board of Enrollment for your district is completed by the appointment of -- ---, of --- ---, as examining surgeon, and -- ----, of -- ---, as commissioner.

You will immediately convene the Board for the performance of the duties required of it by the Regulations for the Government of the Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau. You will state to the Board that the enrolling officers must be appointed and the enrollment commenced at once.

The regulations may not, perhaps, provide for the employment of sufficient force of agents, assistants, and clerks to execute a prompt enrollment. Should this prove to be the case, you will at once report to this office the number of additional employes required, specifying the duties to be performed by each.

The object to be attained is a complete enrollment of the forces in your district at the earliest day practicable.

The duties required of you as provost-marshal, by the regulations, will be performed during the session of the Board inter same manner as during its recess.

Should questions arise not provided for in the regulations, you will report at once to this office, through the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of your State, for specific instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal- General.

