
ments will be held subject to reissue to the men on re- enlistment in their former companies and regiments.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 112. Washington, May 1, 1863.

Under the enrollment act drafted men will be actually in the U. S. service as soldiers form the fact of being drafted. It is therefore ordered that they be put in uniform, and provided with knapsacks, haversacks, canteens, tin cups, spoons, &amp;c., as soon as they report to the district provost-marshal.

The Quartermaster-General will fill the requisitions of the Provost-Marshal-General for clothing; for this purpose, to be delivered at such points as the letter may designate.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., May --, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I respectfully suggest the following course of action under the enrollment act, viz:

First. That the first call for troops made by the President be for the deficiency on former calls.

Second. That as soon as the enrollment of any one State Now deficient is completed the districts in it be drafted for their respective quotas of the State deficiency whether the enrollment in other States be completed in them.

Third. As soon as the draft to make up the deficiencies is fairly under way, let a regular draft be made on other States.

Fourth. That the forces be called out by several successive drafts instead of calling for the whole number at one time-the second call being made when the troops under the first call shall be under way to their regiments. This will keep a steady steam of recruits pouring into the Army instead of having an unmanageable flood of them at one time.

Fifth. The regular draft should commence in the districts of the first State which is enrolled without waiting to complete the enrollment in all the States, which may take many months. That this may be fairly accomplished it will be necessary that no fixed total number of troops be called for by the President. If he calls for a fixed number the exact proportion of that number for each district cannot be determined until the enrollment is completed in every district of the United States, including California and Oregon. Instead of this method, therefore, it is proposed that after the call for deficiencies a call be made on the districts of any State, which may be enrolled, for their share of an approximate or assumed State quota. Having fairly levied this assumed quota,it can be seen what proportion of the

