
enrolled men of the first class this brings out, and we can then call out the same proportion of the enrolled men of the first class in each one of the other States as soon as its enrollment is completed. The call, whether large or small, would thus be equalized among the States. States which have furnished an excess heretofore would of course be credital with it. A regular account will be kept with each district.

Sixth. That in each case where the President orders a draft hew make a separate order for the number of men to come from each district, and file this order in the office of the Provost-Marshal-General, to be communicated to the Board of Enrollment in the district with special instructions as to the manner of conducting the draft and the disposition of the men.

Seventh. That drafted men be assigned to regiments (regulars and volunteers) now in service. By filling up and keeping full all the old regiments I think the Army will be large enough without forming new regiments.

Eighth. As suggested in a formed in a formed report, the drafted men will be put in uniform and furnished with knapsack, haversack, canteen, and blanket at the district headquarters. As soon as they are thus equipped they should be sent to such general rendezvous as the Adjutant-General may have in readiness for them. They should be received at these rendezvous by the officers of the regiment to which they are to belong and conducted to the regiment just as soon as the quota for the regiment arrives at the rendezvous.

Ninth. The want of a corps of guides and orderlies is felt throughout the Army. The cavalry arm is crippled by the demand made upon it to supply the place of such a corps. It might be well when the draft is under way to organize a corps of this kind. An officer of the Inspector-General's Department put on duty in the office of the Adjutant-General of the Army might effect the organization and superintend the bureau business connected with such a corps.

I am,sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[MAY 1, 1863.--For Banks" General Orders, Numbers 40, authorizing the organization of the Corps d"Afrique, see Series I, Vol. XV, p. 716.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 113. Washington, May 2, 1863.

The following rules in relation to claims for property lost in the military service of the United States are published for the information of all concerned:

I. Rules in relation to claims for the payment of horses and equipage lost or destroyed in the military service of the United States, under act of March 3, 1849.

By the first section of the law it is enacted:

That any field or staff, or other officer, mounted militiaman, volunteer, ranger, or cavalry, engaged in the military service of the United States since the 18th of June, 1812, or who shall hereafter be in said service, and has sustained or shall sustain damage, without any fault or negligence on his part, while in said service--

1. By the loss of a horse in battle;

2. By the loss of a horse wounded in battle, and which has died or shall die of said wound, or, being so wounded, shall be abandoned by order of his officer and lost;

