
previous to being taken into the U. S. service; her capacity for freight and passengers; the number, description, and power of engines; the number and size of boilers; extreme length and width, number of decks, depth of draft; whether side or stern wheels; and the last certificate of inspection, or a certified copy thereof, must also be furnished.

Evidence must be furnished showing the particular circumstances attending the loss, when and where it occurred; also whether the loss was total or only partial; and if the latter, the extent of damage done.

A statement must be furnished showing the respective payments made, by officers or agents of the United States, for or on account of the services of said vessel, or steam-boat, during the time she was employed in the service prior to the loss thereof.

The owners in each case must make affidavit that they have not, by themselves or agents, received from any officer or agent of the United States any property in lieu of that lost or destroyed, nor any compensation for the same, nor any certificate of indebtedness or certified voucher therefor on which payment has been or might be made. The owners must also state what insurance, if any, was had on such vessel or boat; the names of the companies in which insured; the amounts thereof, and the payments received therefrom.

Each witness must state his place of residence and business, and his opportunities for knowing the facts concerning which he testifies. All evidence must be sworn to before some officer authorized to administer oaths, and duly authenticated.

RAILROAD ENGINES AND CARS.

The evidence to substantiate claims of this description should be, as far as applicable, the same as is required in the cases of steamboats and other vessels. Claims for losses occurring form casualties while engaged inter transportation of troops, supplies, &amp;c., and where the roads, machinery, &c., are in the possession and management of the agents of the railroad, are not embraced in this class of cases.

In no case can the foregoing evidence be dispensed with unless the impracticability of producing it be clearly proved; and then the nearest and best other evidence of which the case is susceptible must be furnished in lieu thereof.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 2, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following suggestions:

First. That the first draft ordered under the enrollment act be for the deficiency under the President's calls for troops as heretofore made. It will require 87,103 men to make up the deficiency, and it should be allotted among the States as follows, to wit:

Deficiency.

Connecticut........................................ 2,231

Delaware........................................... 1,486

Maine.............................................. 8,906

