
[Indorsement.]

Approved:

E. M. STANTON.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 23, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

The Secretary of War authorizes you to commence the organization of Kentucky troops. You are also authorized to organize two artillery regiments, reporting to Adjutant-General the organization for the proper orders. Operations here are becoming interesting.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

READING, BERKS COUNTY, PA., May 2, 1863.

Honorable L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate:

SIR: Parties are actively engaged in organizing treasonable lodges in the eastern part of this country. In the western part the larders are intimidated. I have had four of them arrested and they will have a hearing at Philadelphia on Monday.

We need a provost-marshal immediately. I have recommended Jacob C. Hoff as the man for the place, and I think I know what we need.

I beg you, if you can, to aid in securing his appointment. I trust effectually to break up these treasonable societies and need the right kind of man to aid me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. RICHARDS.

WASHINGTON, May 2, 1863.

General SPRAGUE,

Adjutant-General of New York, Albany:

The general order which we discussed has been changed so as to admit only three-years" volunteers, and not two-years" as we thought when you left. The order will be so published.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Opelousas, La., May 4, 1863.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: The army moves to-day for Alexandria. The fortifications at Buttle-a-la-Rose were carried on April 20. By some unexplained and unaccountable delay the navy failed to open communication with Admiral Farragut until the 2nd of this month, when it was accomplished chiefly by the energy and activity of my own officers. The Atchafalaya to the Red River is perfectly free and intercourse with the admiral unrestrained. Small transport steamers communicate with him every day, and he is waiting anxiously for boats that have passed the batteries at Vicksburg, but is uncertain whether he will

