
Thousands of people have signified their readiness to take the oath of allegiance, and ask the privileges and protection that have been secured to the people in that portion of the State. The insufficiency of my force for permanent possession, and my inability to secure to them the protection to which they would be entitled under such circumstances, has led me to suspend my assent to their request upon the ground that I could not afford them the protection which has been secured to the people elsewhere; but I have said to them, "re-establish the Government of the United States and the prosperity and peace you have enjoyed heretofore will return." I can truly say that it is their wish. They have manifested it in many ways. They have brought forward their cotton instead of destroying it. They have given information as far as in their power, and we have had in our progress the prayers of the religious societies in that portion of the country through which we have passed.

I have ventured to give to Mr. Maillot, a French gentleman of great intelligence, formerly a resident in Canada, a large land-holder in Illinois, and a planter in Louisiana, a letter of introduction to you. He can give you mire information as to the sentiments of the people and of affairs in this quarter than any man within the circle of my acquaintance. I beg to commend him to your consideration.

The post-office has given us a letter from a gentleman in England, understood to be a member of the rebel Legislature, addressed to Governor Moore, in which the course of English capitalists in regard in regard to the rebellion and the essential means of supporting it are very strongly and, no doubt, truthfully stated. It may serve as an explanation to the facilities which General Pemberton has given to the English subjects in this country for the transportation of their cotton from the Confederacy to New Orleans; and it may be well to consider this letter in connection with the views expressed to Lord Lyons by Earl Russell. There are many difficulties connected with the disposition of the products of the country; but whatever results or consequences may ensue, there is but one course for the Government to pursue, and that is so to dispose of cotton and sugar (the sources of wealth, of political and of military power) that the rebel Government cannot sustain by it their arms. In pursuance of this idea I have directed, as far as in our power, the seizure of these products for the Government of the United States; and also all horses, mules, and cattle, which have hitherto been used for the support and maintenance of their arms. Many protests have been presented by persons claiming to be French or English subjects against this seizure; but it will be found, upon full consideration, to be not only the right, but the duty, of the Government to appropriate this property in this manner. I have publicly informed the people that all well-disposed persons, entitled to the favor of the Government, would be compensated for this property at the values to which it is entitled in this part of the country at this time, something like the value fixed to it by the rebel Government. Every dollar of this property taken in this campaign is appropriated scrupulously to the Government. There is not a specular nor a plunderer in the trail of this army.

If we advance to other important points, and more extended military operations are commenced, I have made up my mind to pursue a different policy, which I should like to present to the Government, and which, as it affects the relations of this country to foreign nations, might property be stated to you. I propose to give notice to the people that the Government of the United States will levy a contribution of 50 percent, upon all the staple products remaining in the

