
service in the Italian and Crimen wars, and who have been discharged, by reason of a reduction by several German States of their military force. I am prepared to do this without any violation of the neutrality laws of the States from whence I should send those soldiers. They would not require the large bounties now being paid in our country for soldiers, but might require some advance toward paying their passage over to America. Mayor Opdyke seemed to think that soldiers enough could be procured in the United States, and that none would be needed to be sent from here.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, sir, your most obedient servant,

WILLIAM W. MURPHY,

Consul-General.

[First indorsement.]

MARCH 4, 1863.

Refereed to the Surgeon-General, with instructions to take steps to obtain possession of the lint, and to notify the Department of the amount he may from time to time receive.

By order of the Secretary of War:

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE.

March 18, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War, with the request that remission of duties be obtained on the within-mentioned lint, &amp;c., for the benefit of the Medical Department, and that these contributions be delivered to Surg. R. S. Satterle, U. S. Army, medical purveyor, New York.

W. A. HAMMOND,

Surgeon-General.
HDQRS. MUSTERING AND DISBURSING SERVICE,STATE OF INDIANA,

Indianapolis, January 24, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: At the instance of Governor O. P. Morton, as I learn, my order to leave Antipoles was suspended. I have been laboriously engaged in the examination of soldiers, to detect the operations of the secret society at work to secure desertions, &c. One case has already been acted upon by a general court-martial. I trust the President will fling it consistent with his of justice to approve the sentence if it be submitted to him, whatever it may be. Several organized attempts to do mischief have been frustrated, and I have sufficient force to protect the arsenal and maintain order.

The evidence insoles some quite prominent citizens, but I have thought best not to make the results public until we push inquiries further. My views submitted to the Secretary of War have been fully confirmed, and the order is one of the most treasonable character. An apparent improvement is visible in this State, growing out of the fact it is now understood that the Government will deal sternly with any overt offenders. Nearly 2,600 deserters and stragglers have been arrested within a very few weeks; generally it requires an armed detail. Most of the deserters, true to the oath of the order, desert with

