
EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Iowa City, Iowa, may 5, 1863.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: Yours of the 27th ultimo, advising me of the appointment of Major Thomas Duncan to superintend the operations of the provost-marshal of this State, &amp;c., has reached me. I am much pleased with the arrangement and will render the major all the aid in my power.

N. B. Baker, adjutant-general of this State, has sent me a copy of your letter of the 25th ultimo in regard to the quota of men called for from this State, and of his reply, dated May 1. I concur with him in opinion that Iowa has furnished more than her quat of all calls made by the President, and respectfully trust that you will make further examination of this point. Should your further more than her quota of all calls made by the President, and respectfully trust that you will make further examination of this point. Should your further examination not change your opinion, please send me a statement of the calculation by which you arrive at the result.

It should be remembered that all the troops furnished by this State under the President's call for 600,000 in 1862 ware three-- years" men. We have sent no troops from this State for less than three years, except the First Iowa Infantry, which, like all the men first called for, were three-months" men. This fact should be considered, and I think by the terms of the conscript law must be considered, in estimating the number of men furnished by a State.

Many of the States in 1862 furnished nine-months" men, perhaps some for a short term, and it is unfair that Iowa's three-years" men should stand man for man for nine months more than any other State. I wish to be properly understood. This State will furnish all the men the Government calls for, but it is right and much more satisfactory to have this matter made equal and properly understood.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

P. S.-If possible, I desire in case a draft must be made in this State that it be so arranged as to equalize the matter among less districts than Congressional districts. In some Congressional districts some counties are nearly drained of their fighting material, while other counties are to a great extend a strong in that material, and the same is true as to some townships in some counties.

When preparations were made by the State authorities for a draft last year, arrangements were made to equalize the matter not only among counties, but among townships, and this arrangement gave very general satisfaction.

S. J. K.

PHILADELPHIA, May 5, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The memorial of the undersigned, a special committee of members of the Union League of Philadelphia, appointed to correspond with the Government on the subject of providing employment for soldiers and seamen who have been honorably discharged from the service of the United States by reason of disabilities incurred while in discharge of their duty, respectfully represent:

That large numbers of meritorious men of this description are now seeking employment or means of supporting their families, and this

13 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

