
class must be constantly increasing from the exposures and casualties of war. European experience indicates that a large proportion of these men might be usefully employed in the lighter military and civil duties connected with the provost guard, the arsenals of construction connected with the Ordnance Department and the depots of the Quartermaster's and Subsistence Department; the hospital departments, as well as the garrison duties of the forts of the sea-board and the Northern and Western frontiers. Connected with European armies, we find that "corps of invalids" have been successfully established and have proved useful to the public service. We respectfully submit herewith a project upon a small scale for the establishment of such a corps of "National Invalids," and we ask for it a favorable consideration. It is adapted to absorb 12,200 men, and it might be indefinitely extended according to the exigencies to urge the service. but in the meantime we beg leave respectfully to urge upon Your Excellency that such orders should be given by the various heads of the Government, civil as well as military (namely, the Department of State, the War and Navy Departments, the Departments of the Treasury and of the Interior, and the Post-Office), as shall secure the employment, so far as practicable, of the most competent and deserving men of this class of our citizens, who have a paramount claim upon the justice, the honor, and gratitude of our country.

We confidently believe such measures would meet with the warm approval of all good citizens of every shade of political opinion throughout the land.

G. N. TATHAM,

Chairman.

G. H. CORSMAN, U. S. A.

JOHN H. TOWNE.

WM. WELSH.

T. W. KIMBLE, JR.

JAS. POLLOCK.

CHAS. WHEELER,

Secretary.

We, the undersigned officers and members of the Union League of Philadelphia, cordially unite in the foregoing memorial.

WM. D. LEWIS,

GEO. O. EVANS,

ABRAHAM RITTER,

JOHN GIBSON,

G. EMERSON,

[AND 110 OTHERS.]

[Indorsement.]

MAY 12, 1863.

The within is presented with a very praiseworthy object and is submitted to the War Department, asking the best attention that can be consistently given to it.

A. LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]

PROJECT FOR A CORPS OF NATIONAL INVALIDS.

It is proposed to organize a corps of "National Invalids," to be composed of officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates, marines and seamen of the Army and Navy of the United States, of

