
which the officers have been regularly retired from active service according to law, and the enlisted men honorably discharged for disabilities actually incurred in the public service, and who may still be able to bear arms, to be assigned to such military duties not in the field as they are capable of performing, such as provost guards in the several cities where such guards are required; guards for the several ordnance arsenals, and depots of the Quartermaster's and Subsistence Departments, and the garrison duties for the forts of the seaboard and Northern and Western frontiers.

It is respectfully suggested that this invalid corps should consist of five regiments of twenty-four companies each, and that each company should consist of an aggregate maximum strength of 97 enlisted men and 3 commissioned officers, which would give 100 as the total of each company, and 2,440 as the aggregate strength of each regiment. The five regiments would then consist of a grand total of 12,200 men forming the corps of "National Invalids."

Each regiment should be deviled into three battalions of eight companies each, to be commanded by a major when detached, the whole corps to be armed with muskets, but four companies of each of the battalions, or one-half of the whole corps, to be drilled and instructed also in the use of light and heavy artillery. The field and staff and company officers to be selected and appointed by the President of the Untied States from these of the Regular Army, the Navy, or Volunteer Army who have been disabled and honorably retired or discharged from the public service, and who have most distinguished themselves by long, faithful, or meritorious services. The pay to be one-half, and all other allowances of all kinds for this corps to be the same as now prescribed by law and regulations for the infantry of the U. S. Army, and all promotions in it to be regulated as for other corps and regiments of the Army, giving to all the enlisted men a fair opportunity for promotion accordance with existing regulations on this subject.

The following is the proposed organization of one regiment and one company of "National Invalids": One colonel, 1 lieutenant- colonel, 3 majors, 24 captains, 24 first lieutenants, 3 battalion adjutants, 1 regimental quartermaster, 3 battalion quartermaster- sergeants, 3 battalion commissary-sergeants, 48 musicians, 24 first sergeants, 96 sergeants, 192 corporals, 1,793 privates; total aggregate of maximum, 2,440.

Company organization: One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, 82 privates; total aggregate of maximum strength, 100.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, May 7, 1863.

Honorable WILLIAM HL. SEWARD,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In reply to the offer made by certain Swedish and Danish officers of their services in the Army of the Untied States, communicated in the note of the minister resident of Sweden and Norway of the 18th ultimo, a translation of which accompanied your note of the 20th, same month, the Secretary of War directs me to say that while this Government fully estimates and cordially recognizes the eminent services rendered to our cause by officers and soldiers of foreign birth,

