
yet considerations of public policy, connected with our external relations, have dictated the adoption of the general rule to decline the acceptance of the services of officers of foreign allegiance, however distinguished.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 59. Cincinnati, Ohio, May 7, 1863.

I. The President of the United States having determined to raise

and organize the volunteer force in the State of Kentucky, authorized by an act of Congress, entitled "An act to authorize the raising of a volunteer force for the better defense of Kentucky," approved February 7, 1863, Brigadier General J. T. Boyle, of Kentucky, is ordered to co-operate with His Excellency the

Governor of in raising, organizing, and equipping said volunteer force according to the provisions of the act named, and in conformity to general orders of the War Department.

II. For the purpose of facilitating the speedy enrollment and organization of the forces in Kentucky, post quartermasters and commissaries in this department are directed to supply, on the requisition of authorized recruiting officers, approved by the Governor of Kentucky or General J. T. Boyle, such quartermaster's and commissary stores as may be necessary for the equipment and subsistence of these forces while in process of organization. General Boyle is directed to establishes such depots for quartermaster's and commissary stores as may be deemed necessary to the prompt execution of this order, and to make all proper orders for the safety and protection of such depots, subject to the approval of the general commanding this department.

III. Requisitions for ordnance stores will be made by the Governor of Kentucky or General Boyle directly upon these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., May 7, 1863.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

I recommend that the conscription be put through with the utmost dispatch (make it large), and that all available force, both land and naval, be at once concentrated to open the Mississippi. That is the vital point.

O. P. MORTON.

STATE OF VERMONT, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Brattleborough, May 7, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The adjutant-general of Vermont has sent me the accompanying papers, and also a copy of your letter to him of April 25, notifying him that Vermont has not furnished her full quota of men under the calls of the President of July and Augusta last.

