
I now notice in the National Intelligence what purports to be regulations in regard to letters to be sent beyond the Federal lines, in which the "permission" above notice is not made a requisite.

I have the honor to request that this Department may be advised of the rules established by the War Department relative to this class of letters.

Very respectfully, yours,

A. N. ZEVELY,

Third Assistant Postmaster-General.

Per L. M.

[Indorsement.]

No rules have been established by the War Department on the subject and we have no official information of General Dix's regulations which appear in the papers.

E. M. STANTON.

CIRCULAR.] WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 11, 1863.

To

---------

------------

,

Provost-Marshal

--------

District of

-----

:

SIR: The Secretary of War authorizes the boards of enrollment to divide their districts in such number of sub-districts as will enable them to complete the enrollment within twenty or thirty days from its initiation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY.,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., May 13, 1863.

Information has been received by this Department that sundry persons are purchasing horses and mules within the United States for exportation, contrary to the Executive order of November 21, 1862.

To the end that during the present war the military resources of this Government should not be withdrawn from the country, the commandants of departments are directed to prohibit the purchase and sale of all horses and mules within the limits of their respective commands to be exported from the United States, and to take and appropriate to the use of the Government any horses, mules, and live stock designed for exportation causing the value thereof, to be appraised and reported to the Quartermaster- General and they are enjoined vigilantly to enforce the Executive order of November 21, 1862, prohibiting the exportation of arms, ammunition, or munitions of war. Claims for property taken under this order will be presented to the Quartermaster-General for adjustment.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 13, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I arrived here last evening and shall proceed to Corinth to- morrow; return on the 16th, and after transacting necessary business here

