
NINE MONTHS.

Infantry.	 Total number.

12th Regiment	 987

13th Regiment	 954

14th Regiment	 957

15th Regiment	 934

16th Regiment	 949

Total	 4,781

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 14, 1863.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 124. Washington, May 15, 1863

The following uniform has been adopted for the Invalid Corps:

Jacket: Of sky-blue kersey, with dark-blue trimmings, cut like the jacket for U. S. cavalry, to come well down on the loins and abdomen.

Trousers: Present regulation, sky-blue.

Forage cap: Present regulation.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 130. Washington, May 15, 1863.

In executing the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 105, from this Department, in regard to the selection of men for the Invalid Corps, medical inspectors, surgeons in charge of hospitals, camps, regiments, or of boards of enrollment, military commanders, and all others required to make the physical examination of men for the Invalid Corps, will be governed in their decisions by the following list of qualifications and disqualifications for admission into this corps:

Physical infirmities that do not disqualify enlisted men for service in the Invalid Corps.

1. Paralysis, if confined to the left upper extremity, and the man's previous occupation fit him for the duty of clerk orderly, &amp;c.

2. Simple hypertrophy of the heart unaccompanied by valvular lesion; functional derangement of the stomach (dyspepsia); mild chronic diarrhea; simple enlargement of the liver of spleen; a temporary ailment of the kidneys or bladder.

3. Chronic rheumatism, unless manifested by positive change of structure, wasting of the affected limb or puffiness or distortion of the joints.

4. Pain, unless accompanied with manifest derangement of the general health, wasting of a limb or other positive sign of disease.

5. Myopia, unless very decided or depending upon structural change of the eye.

