
6. Stammering, unless excessive and confirmed.

7. Loss of teeth or unsound teeth.

8. Porticollis.

9. Reducible hernia.

10. Hemorrhoids.

11. Stricture of the urethra.

12. Incontinence of urine.

13. Loss or complete atrophy of both testicles from any cause; permanent retention of one or both testicles within the inguinal canal.

14. Varicocele and cirsocele.

15. Loss of left arm, left forearm or left hand, if the man be qualified for duty of clerk or orderly.

16. Loss of leg or foot, provided the man have the inclination and aptitude for service in a general hospitals, and is recommended for that duty by a medical officer, or if qualified for the duty of clerk or orderly.

17. Old and irreducible dislocation of shoulder and elbow in which the bones have accommodated themselves to their new relations.

18. Muscular and cutaneous contraction of left arm, provided the man may be employed as clerk, orderly, or messenger.

19. Loss of left thumb; partial loss of either thumb.

20. Loss of first and second phalanges of all the fingers of the left hand.

21. Total loss of any two fingers of the same hand.

22. Total loss of index finger of right hand.

23. Permanent extension of any finger of the right hand; permanent extension or contraction of any finger of the left hand.

24. Adherent or united fingers.

25. Loss of any toe or toes except the great toe; all the toes joined together.

26. Deformities of the toes, if not sufficient to prevent walking.

27. Large, flat ill-shaped feet that do not come within the designation of talipes valgus.

28. Varicose veins not accompanied with ulcerations.

29. Gunshot wounds or injuries not involving loss of function.

30. None of the foregoing infirmities disqualify officers for service in the Invalid Corps.

In all cases where the physical infirmities of officers or enlisted men come within the provisions of the above list they will be recommended for transfer to or enlistment in the Invalid Corps; but no one will admitted into this corps whose previous record does not show that he is meritorious and deserving, and that he has complied with the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 105., War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, 1863, authorizing an Invalid Corps.

Physical infirmities that disqualify enlisted men for service in the Invalid Corps.

1. Manifest imbecility or insanity.

2. Epilepsy, if the seizures occur more frequently than once a month, and have obviously impaired the mental faculties.

3. Paralysis or chorea.

4. Acute or organic diseases of the brain or spinal cord, of the heart or lungs, of the stomach or intestines, of the liver or spleen of the kidneys or bladder, sufficient to have impaired the general health or so well marked so to leave no reasonable doubt of the man's incapacity for military service.

