
5. Confirmed consumption, cancer, aneurism of important arteries.

6. Inveterate and extensive disease of the skin.

7. Scrofula or constitutional syphilis which has resisted treatment and seriously impaired the general health.

8. Habitual or confirmed intemperance or solitary vice sufficient in degree to have materially enfeebled the constitution.

9. Great injuries or diseases of the skull, occasioning impairment of the intellectual faculties, epilepsy, or other serious nervous or spasmodic symptoms.

10. Total loss of sight or other serious diseases of the eye, affecting its integrity and use.

11. Loss of nose of deformity of nose, if sufficient seriously to obstruct respiration; ozena, if dependent upon caries.

12. Deafness.

13. Dumbness; permanent loss of voice.

14. Total loss of tongue; partial loss and hypertrophy or atrophy of tongue, if sufficient to make the speech unintelligible and prevent mastication or deglutition.

15. Incurable deformities of either jaw, whether congenital or produced by accident, which would prevent mastication or greatly injure the speech.

16. Tumors of the neck impeding respiration or deglutition; fistula of larynx or trachea.

17. Deformity of the chest sufficient to impede respiration or to prevent the carrying of arms and military equipments; caries of the ribs; gunshot wound of the lung with fracture of a rib.

18. Artificial anus; severe stricture of the rectum.

19. Total loss or nearly total loss of penis; epispadias or hypospadia at the middle or nearer the root of penis; stone in the bladder.

20. Confirmed or malignant sarcocele; hydrocele, if complicated with organic diseas

21. Excessive anterior or posterior curvature of spine; caries of the spine; lumbar abscess.

22. Loss of a thigh.

23. Wounds, fractures, tumors, atrophy of a limb, or chronic diseases of the joints or bone that would prevent marching or any considerable muscular exertion.

24. Anchylosis or irreducible dislocation of the shoulder, elbow, wrist, hip, knee, or ankle joint.

25. Muscular or cutaneous contractions from wounds or burns in degree sufficient to prevent useful motion of the right arm or of the lower extremities.

26. With the exception of those paragraphs which refer to the total or partial loss of an extremity, the foregoing disabilities disqualify officers as well as enlisted men for service in the Invalid Corps.

In all cases where the physical infirmities of an officer or enlisted man come within the provisions of this list, or where his previous record shows that he is not entitled to be received into the Invalid Corps, he will, if in service, be discharged and if an applicant to re-enter, his application will be disapproved.

Whilst the Government is most anxious to provide for and employ to the best of their abilities those faithful soldiers, who, from wounds or the hardships of war, are no longer able to perform active duty in the field, yet it can upon no account permit men undeserving or totally disabled to re-enter its service.

