
Those faithful soldiers whose physical infirmities are too great to admit of their being of any use in the Invalid Corps, will nevertheless, receive the pensions and bounties provided by law.

It is further announced that no officer or enlisted man shall be entitled to or receive any pension, premium or bounty for enlistment, re-enlistment or service in the Invalid Corps. They will receive all other pay and allowances now authorized by law for the U. S. infantry, except the increased pay for re- enlistment. Claims for pensions or bounties which may be due for previous service will not be invalidated by enlistment in the Invalid Corps. But no pensions can be drawn or accrue to the benefit of any during his service in said corps. The officers and men will be organized into companies of infantry of the same strength as is now authorized by law for the U. S. infantry. No organized brigades, regiments, companies, or parts of companies will be accepted as such. Enlistments in this corps will be for three years, unless sooner discharged.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT. PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 1. Washington, D. C. May 15, 1863.

To

-------

------

,

Provost Marshal,

-------

District of

-------

:

SIR: You will please ascertain and report to this office as soon as possible what regiments parts of regiments, and batteries have been raised in the district of which you are provost marshal.

Very respectfully,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 2. Washington, D. C., May 15, 1863.

The provost-marshals of the different districts will see that the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 105.* current series, from the Adjutant-General's Office, are carried into effect immediately as far as they and the boards of enrollment are required to act under its provisions.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., May 15, 1863.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Corinth:

Your telegram dated at Memphis the 13th instant has just been received. The diligence and success of your labors have given me great pleasure. Please report the number of regiments you have organized, where, and to what extent recruits have been obtained.

Please acknowledge receipt of this.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

---------------

*See p. 170.

---------------

