
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 137. Washington, May 18, 1863.

I. Whenever enlisted men are discharged, after two years" service, under circumstances that entitle them to the bounty provided by the sixth section of the act of Congress approved July 22, and the fifth sectin of the act approved July 27, 1861,the bounty due and remaining unpaid shall be credited upon their final statements, and be paid, like other arrearage, by the Pay Department.

II. The exercise of the powers given the medical inspectors of the Army to discharge soldiers for disability is suspended until their duties in this respect are defined by regulations to be published hereafter.

III. Paragraph II, General Orders, Numbers 87, of 1863. is hereby modified so as to allow the assistant surgeon-general, medical inspector-general and medical inspectors the same number of rooms as offices and fuel and furniture therefor, as are allowed by regulations to officers of the Quartermaster's Department who have the same rank.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 139. Washington, May 18, 1863.

1. The duties of signal officers will be performed by officers of the Signal Corps, or by such competent and instructed officers as may be specially detailed for that purpose. Any superior commander may, in view of probable necessities, detail a limited number of officers and men for instruction; but no details for service will be made until the officers and men to be detailed have passed a satisfactory examination by a board of which at least two signal officers shall be members, and no incompetent or inexperienced officer will be permitted, by any authority, to transmit signal messages.

2. Signal officers, when on duty, will report to their immediate commander and to the chief signal officer of the army with which they may be serving for the information of the general commanding, all movements of the enemy or other facts relating to the general interest of the service coming within their knowledge.

3. Communications transmitted by signals are always confidential; they will not be revealed by officers on stations to others than those officially entitled to receive them.

4. The senior officer of any command will be the chief of the signal parties serving in that command. Orders or instructions affecting their duties will be transmitted through him, and he will will be held responsible that the officers and men under his charge are fully have charge of all signal duty and will keep himself well informed of the position of the army and of the enemy; and will, under the instruction of the general commanding, so establish his stations that they may be most advantageously posted. He will take care, by inspections and timely requisitions, that his party is well supplied with all equipments necessary to render it effective. He will make, from time to time the proper reports of his operations in the field to the general commanding and will, with the assent of the general, forward certified copies of these reports to the office of the Signall make the usual returns and semi-monthly statements,

