
and at the end of each month a report to the Signal Officer of the Army as to the condition of his party and of such matters as pertain to its particular duties.

5. The examining boards prescribed above may be appointed by the commanded of any army, army corps, or department in which signal parties have been or may be authorized.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 18, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Telegram of the 15th received. Returned from Corinth after addressing the troops at twelve different places. The policy with regard to the blacks enthusiastically received. Have authorized the following regiments; Two at Helena-one full, the other will be completed by the end of the month; five in Louisiana, organizing, from Lake Providence to Young's Point; two in Mississippi. But for the movement of Grant these regiments would have been filled. The plan was to send armed parties across the river and gather in the blacks, but the force left in Louisiana is too small to do much in that way. A number of recruiting officers are with General Grant's army, and I hope by the end of the month all will be filled. In General Hurlbut's corps will be raised one regiment at Columbus, Ky.; one of heavy artillery, 1,200 at Memphis; four at Corinth, Jackson, and on the railroad route to Memphis. Five thousand will be raised in these regions in two weeks. My aim has been to raise 20,000, and I see nothing to prevent it. I am not well, but a little rest will bring me up. My purpose is to proceed to General Rosecran's army and then return down the Mississippi to see how my plans and orders have been carried out. I find the troops in good condition and in fine health.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT. PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 4. Washington, May 18, 1863.

Provost-marshals will inform commissioners and surgeons of the Board of Enrollment that the construction put by the War Department upon section 5 of the enrollment act, as given in paragraph 55 of the Regulations is that the pay of these officers is to be continuous from the time each commissioner and surgeon reports for duty until he is relieved by orders from the War Department.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT. PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 5. Washington, D. C., May 18, 1863.

All official communications relating to the business of this Bureau are to be addressed direct to the Provost-Marshal-General, and not to any of the subordinate officers of his department.

