
The dress of the provost-marshals when engaged in the duties of their office shall be that of a captain of the general staff, as prescribed in Army Regulations.

JAMES B. FRY.,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 19, 1863.

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Memphis, Tenn.:

Your telegram received. I congratulate you upon the energy, ability, and success of your operations and hope your health may enable you to keep at work until you have all the force expected in the field. If any supplies are wanted let me know. Nothing new here. "All quiet on the Potomac."

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, May 19, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a dispatch of the 1st instant, Numbers 403, from Mr. Adams, our minister to Great Britain, relative to preparations in Europe for smuggling goods into Texas by the way of the Rio Grande.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.] Numbers 403.] LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES, London May 1, 1863.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In the House of Lords last evening Lord Russell is reported as announcing that the Peterhoff has been sent into the prize court. The effect of this news here will be to prolong the delay in reorganizing the scheme of smuggling by way of the Rio Grande. Seven steamers are now awaiting orders. But I feel it my duty to call your attention to the necessity of taking advantage of it so far as, if possible, to provide in season against the resumption of operations in that quarter.

No equally subtle and dangerous expedient to annul the blockade has yet been devised. The plan has been entered into very deeply by wealthy and influential merchants and capitalists in this city, and it has an intimate connection with the base of the Confederate loan. The interests thus consolidated will press edith great force on this feeble ministry if the smallest opening be afforded to complain of any violation of a neutral trade. I know not whether anything short of the possession of the eastern bank of the river will avail to defeat these machinations.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS.

