
MEMPHIS, TENN., May 20, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Thanks for your telegram of yesterday. To-day I organized the Third Mississippi,over 1,000 negroes for it being now at Grand Gulf. It take the clothing of the army for them, but I think a distinctive dress of less cost would be better-something a little more gay. Can"t the Quartermaster-General provide one? I am better and can do full work within doors, but have to avoid the hot sun. General Hawkins passed up yesterday to Louisville, having been prostrated by fever. Even the trip thus far has been of service to him. He has greatly aided me. Colonel Shepard, First Mississippi, should be the next brigadier for blacks. He is one of the oldest colonels, and left the head of a fine regiment because his heart was in the work. He richly deserves promotion and can essentially aid me. Our latest information is that General Grant defeated Johnston, and occupied Jackson.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT. PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 6. Washington, D. C., May 20, 1863.

All provost-marshals who have not already done so, will immediately report to this office the organization of the boardsd of enrollment for their respective district, and the steps taken to complete the enrollment with the least possible delay. They will also forwarded at once the regular tri-monthly report required by paragraph 3, section 97, of the Regulations, and, as far as possible, all the reports and returns specified on page 19 of the Regulations.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

STATE OF NEW YORK, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, May 20, 1863

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I will visit Washington at an early day. At this time I am confined to the State capital by the urgent duties growing out of the liberal bounties will be given to those who will engage in the national service. I am now employed with the members of ma staff in organizing a vigorous system for recruiting which I hope will do away with the necessary for making any draft in New York. When this is accomplished I will see you in Washington.

Truly, yours, &amp;c.

HORATIO SEAMER.

MURFREESBOROUGH, TENN.,

May 21, 1863-1.15 p.m.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

The Reverend Doctor Jaquess, colonel of Seventy-third Illinois, a man of high character and great influence in the Methodist Church,

