
CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 8. Washington, D. C., May 22, 1863.

The attention of all officers who have been honorably discharged on account of wounds or disability, and who desire to re-enter the service in the Invalid Corps, is called to the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 105, of 1863. from the War Department, published in the papers throughout the country. Such officers are requested to comply promptly with the provisions of that order and to send their written applications as therein provided for positions in the Invalid Corps (stating the character of their disability) with as little delay as possible to the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of the State in which he may be. Such acting assistant provost-marshal-general in will at once forward the applications, with his indorsement, to the Provost-Marshal-General at Washington.

Officers for the Invalid Corps will be appointed immediately upon furnishing the papers required by General Orders, Numbers 105, of 1863, from the War Department. Their pay and emoluments will commence from date of acceptance of such appointments, and not from date of organization of the respective commands to which they may be assigned.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 22, 1863.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The French minister has communicated to the Secretary of State the complaints of French citizens residing in Nashville against an order of Brigadier General R. B. Mitchell, which requires them to take an oath of allegiance to the United States or to give a parole and bond in the sum of $5,000; failing to do this, they are to be forcibly placed within the rebel lines. This order, it is said, is general, and is applied to all inhabitants, citizens as well as foreign residents, and to quiet non- combatants, as well as persons suspected of hostile intentions.

Such an order is deemed unnecessarily rigorous in regard to foreigners who quietly pursue their ordinary avocations and take no part in the war. It will therefore, be so modified as to give no cause of offense to friendly powers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

ELMIRA, May 22, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: I have just returned from Albany, where I had a protracted audience with Governor Seamer. My attention-as yours must have been-had been attracted to his remarkable letter to the meeting at the capitol the preceding evening, denouncing the proceeding against Vallandingham. This letter was of course the subject of conversation. My personal relations with the Governor having always been friendly, and much of the conversation having been confidential in its character, I hardly know how to communicate to you

