
regarding it. I feel authorized, however, to say that the Governor will co-operate with the General Government in such measures as may be adopted for raising armies and carrying on the war. He thinks the question of constitutionality of the law will be raised, but says that is a question for the courts. He wanted me to understand and to communicate to the President that he was exceedingly tenacious in relation to the question of arbitrary arrests. I referred him to the law of Congress upon this subject, as contained in the act authorizing the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus and the act relating to the draft. I understood him to be content if arrests were made in compliance with those provisions, and if my advice were of any value I would suggest that these laws be respected, as they were framed after a great deal of consideration and had the support of the best minds in Congress.

I am in receipt of telegrams from marshals inquiring for blanks,

also for instructions. I suppose I will soon be instructed by you and supplied with whatever the marshals are to receive through me. I think it very important that the draft be forwarded with all possible dispatch. In reference to its execution-when the law was first enacted every one expected it would be enforced; now a great many are hoping that it may be avoided.

I think it quite important that a military post be established here if there is not already one.

The returning troops to be mustered out and paid here are but little controlled by their officers, and the civil authorities are timid about punishing the offenses of soldiers. This will be no better when the drafted men are being organized. The State provided barracks here for some 10,000 men and I think the General Government paid the State their cost and now own the barracks.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

P. S. - I would thank you to show the Secretary of War so much of this letter at least as relates to my interview with Governor Seamer.

HARRISBURG, PA., May 22, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I learn an order has been made to stop payment of the officers of the regiments now here and being paid until accounts of ordnance stores are settled at Washington. This order is creating much trouble, and operates oppressively on the officers. I earnestly advise and ask that the order be revoked or modified or that some arrangement be made to settle the accounts here. Many of the officers are without money, and to retain their hard- earned pay will be hard, if not unjust. A good feeling prevails here, which may be marred if the order is suffered to prevail. In future payment of regiments you will see the propriety of maintaining the feeling of the present, and, if possible, have all the troops return home satisfied. Five regiments were paid off, yours included, before the order arrived. Please answer soon.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

