
2. As soon as enlisted the recruit will be furnished with transportation tickets to the headquarters of the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of the State.

3. The enlistments will be upon the usual printed forms and in duplicate. These duplicate enlistments, with a descriptive list of each recruit, will be sent to the acting assistant provost- marshal-general of the State, who will cause the descriptive list to be examined, and if found correct, filed with the records of the rendezvous. The duplicate enlistments will be given to the mustering and disbursing officer at the general rendezvous to assist him in the verifaction of his accounts and in making the necessary musters into service.

A supply of blank enlistments, transportation tickets, and descriptive lists will be furnished immediately from this office.

II. Provost-marshals will take pains, by means of posters and local advertisements to give as wide a circular as possible to the circular of the 22nd instant.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT. PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 10. Washington, D. C., May 23, 1863.

The following-named officers are announced as on duty in this office and are empowered to conduct under direction of the Provost-Marshal-General the ordinary correspondence connected with their respective branches of business, viz:

General and miscellaneous business. - Colonel George D. Ruggles, additional aide-de-camp and assistant adjutant-general; Captain Henry Stone, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers.

Disbursements, accounts, returns, &amp;c., under the enrollment act.- Captain S. F. Chalfin, Fifth Artillery, in charge; Captain H. B. Hendershott, Second Artillery, disbursing officer; Captain H. C. Wood, Eleventh Infantry, disbursing officer; Captain James Curtis, Fifteenth Infantry, disbursing officer; Captain F. H. Barroll, Second Infantry, disbursing officer.

Enrollment,&c., - Captain Henry E. Maynadier, Tenth Infantry.

Deserters, descriptive lists, &c. - Major Chauncey McKeever assistant adjutant-general.

Invalid Corps. - Colonel Richard H. Rush, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Accounts of disbursing officers under appropriation for collecting, drilling and organizing volunteers. - Major O. D. Greene, assistant adjutant-general.

All official communications for this Bureau must be addressed to the Provost-Marshal-General. The envelopes should be marked "Official business, " and should show to which branch the communication relates, by being marked "Disbursements under enrollment act", "Enrollment," " Deserters," "Invalid Corps, " or otherwise, as the case may be.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 11. Washington, D. C., May 23, 1863.

1. Supplies of clothing will be forwarded to each district provost-marshal, who will furnish triplicate receipts for the same, and con-

