
form in other respects to the provisions of paragraph 1147, Regulations for the Quartermaster's Department. All clothing received by them will be accounted for as prescribed in paragraph 1158 (see Form 51), same regulations.

Provost-marshals are held strictly responsible at the Treasury of the United States for any and all public property which they receive.

2. A secure and dry clothing store-room must be selected, and proper care taken of the clothing at all times.

3. All issues of clothing must, be made as prescribed in paragraphs 1151 and 1159 (see Form 52), Quartermaster's Regulations. Particular attention is called to paragraphs 1161, 1162, and 1163 as a strict compliance with them will be enforced.

4. When a drafted man presents himself at the district headquarters he must at once be put in uniform and supplied with one knapsacks, haversack, canteen, and blanket. His citizen's dress must be disposed of by himself. He must also be furnished with one knife, fork, spoon, tin cup, and tin plate (see paragraph 115, Regulations for the government of Provost- Marshal-General's Bureau.) These latter articles will be purchased by the provost-marshal, in accordance with Regulations for the government of the Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 12. Washington, D. C., May 23, 1863.

I. The acting assistant provost-marshals-general of the several States will at once, by personal inspection themselves or their inspectors, see that boards of enrollment of the different districts in their respective States are progressing as rapidly as possible in their duties, and that the work of enrollment is commenced and pushed to completion with the least possible delay. The result of the inspection of each district will be immediately reported to the Provost-Marshal-General.

II. Acting assistant provost-marshals-general of States, when traveling on duty in their States, will be paid the actual cost of transportation and porterage, as allowed for officers, of the recruiting service when visiting branch rendezvous. Officers detailed as inspectors for acting assistant provost-marshals- general, traveling in those States under orders of the acting assistant provost-marshals-general, and provost-marshals of districts, when traveling on duty in their districts, will be paid in like manner. Accounts of this nature, of officers detailed as inspectors, must be accompanied by a copy of the order in this circular will be paid by the disbursing officer of the Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau in this city.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT. PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 13. Washington, D. C., May 25, 1863.

The acting assistant provost-marshal-general of each State will at once open a recruiting rendezvous for the Invalid Corps at or in the immediate vicinity of his headquarters. He will select suitable offi-

