
OFFICE OF THE QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL

Columbus, Ohio, May 25, 1863.

Honorable P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Under a law passed by the last session of the Ohio Legislature the militia of the State is being rapidly reorganized, and the probability is that within a few weeks we shall have from 8,000 to 10,000 men, uniformed and under drill, who may be depended upon for the preservation of order within the State and for the defenses of its border. The Legislature made no provision for arming the militia, under the presumption that the General Government would supply arms and accouterments.

By direction of the Governor, I have now the honor to request authority from the War Department to issue to the militia as many of the Prussian smooth-bore muskets, with the necessary accouterments, now in my hands, and may be required, taking receipts from captains of companies. The number of these muskets on hand is about 7,000, of which number about 4,000 are in condition for issue. They are not arms that can be made serviceable in the field, but in the hands of the militia would answer the purpose of a better gun. I beg the favorable consideration of the War Department to this request and an early reply.

I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. WRIGHT,

Quartermaster-General of Ohio.

HARRISBURG, May 25, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have no answer to my dispatch asking that some arrangements be made to relieve the order that stopped the payment of officers until ordnance accounts are settled. It excites much feeling here, and many of the officers are really in great need of their pay. I need not mention to you the good effect the return of all these men satisfied will have on the body of our people. May I not expect an answer this morning?

A. G. CURTIN,

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 25, 1863.

His Excellency A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg, Pa.:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to say that your telegrams in relation to the stoppage of the pay of officers until they ordnance accounts are rendered have been under consideration by the Department, and it is found that the enforcement of the regulation is indispensable to the service and the Government and cannot be relaxed.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

