
of Governor Peirpoint from Eastern Virginia, to present to you as fully as possible the reasons urged by them in making this protest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH DARR, JR.,

Major and Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

WHEELING, VA., May 25, 1863.

Honorable SAMUEL CRANE,

Auditor of State;

SIR: I have the honor to request your opinion (in writing) whether it is advisable or expedient for some time to take any steps to enforce the "Act for calling out and enrolling the national forces" in the State of West Virginia.

If your opinion should be in the negative I request that you will set down such reasons as lead you to that conclusion. I address a similar letter to this to other officers of the State government, as I understand there is a general objection to enforcing the act on the part of those having custody of the public interest in this State.

Very respectfully,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 14. Washington, D. C., May 26, 1863.

The following regulations and instructions for the recruiting service of the Invalid Corps are published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

SECTION 1. - General regulations for the recruiting service of the Invalid Corps.

1. The recruiting service in the various States for the Invalid Corps is placed under charge of the assistant provost-marshals-general as general superintendents for those States, respectively, who will, be governed, by the following rules and regulations;

2. The superintendents will establish the rendezvous, and so arrange for the rent, subsistence of recruits, and other expenses that the charges may be reasonable and that the bills therefor may be certified by the recruiting officers in charge and presented for payment to the disbursing officers of the State.

3. Superintendents will see that their depots are kept supplied with sufficient clothing for issues to recruits, and with the arms, &amp;c., necessary for their instruction and full equipment.

4. Camps of rendezvous and instruction will be established at or in the vicinity of the stations of the assistant provost- marshals-general of the several States, under charge of officers, of the Invalid Corps, or officers temporarily disabled from active service, and detailed for this duty.

5. Enlisted men honorably discharged on account of disability, desiring to re-enlist in this corps, will present themselves to the Board of Enrollment for the district in which they reside, for examination

15 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

