
by the surgeon thereof, who shall make a personal examination of them, and report the result to the Board of Enrollment.

6. The Board shall then consider each case, and if the applicant is found to fulfill the conditions specified below, the Board shall give him a certificate (according to the form furnished) to that effect, viz:

First. That he is unfit for service in the field.

Second. That he is fit for garrison duty, according to the rules laid down in General Orders, Numbers 130, War Department, 1863.

Third. That he is meritorious and deserving.

Fourth. That he was honorably discharged from the service on account of disability.

7. The provost-marshal for the district shall furnish the applicant with a ticket of transportation, by the shortest practicable route, to the nearest acting assistant provost-marshal-general of a State (no matter if he be not in the same State), who shall procure such evidence of service and good character as he may deem sufficient; and if satisfied that it is meritorious case, and that the man is not intemperate, and is deserving, he will enlist him.

8. In case the applicant is rejected for any cause by the acting assistant provost-marshal-general, he will be furnished with a ticket to return to the district whence he came.

9. The term of enlistment in the Invalid Corps shall be three years or during the war. Enlistments shall be made upon printed forms to be furnished for the purpose. They will in all cases be made in duplicate.

10. One copy of each enlistment will be delivered to the disbursing officer, to assist him in the examination and verification, of accounts, and will be sent with those accounts, at the end of each quarter, to the Provost-Marshal-General at Washington; and the other copy will be sent by the superintendent to the Provost-Marshal-General, with a consolidated return of the recruiting parties for the month, on the first day of the succeeding month, or as soon thereafter as practicable.

11. Recruiting officers will send to the superintendents a return of their recruiting parties for each month on the first day of the succeeding month. They will also make tri-monthly reports of the state of the recruiting service to the superintendent, which shall be forwarded to the Provost-Marshal-General.

12. Detachments of recruits will be furnished with at least two days" cooked rations before starting from one depot for another. If delayed in any city en route a detachment will be marched to the 'soldiers" rest", where additional cooked rations will be issued to the men sufficient to last till their arrival at the next "rest", or at the destination of the detachment, according to circumstances. Superintendents, of the recruiting service for State or district provost-marshals will see that this order is executed.

13. If possible, subsistence will be issued in kind, as required in the regular service. If subsistence cannot be furnished in kind and board be necessary, it will be furnished at a rate not to exceed 30 cents per diem.

14. Commutation in lieu of rations in kind will not be paid to recruiting parties while at their stations.

15. The officers or non-commissioned officers in charge of detachments en route are responsible that the rations are not wasted; also, that such as are required are obtained at the "rests." Purchases of articles o food on public account are not authorized.

