
HARRISBURG, PA., May 26, 1863

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The delays and want of certainty-it may be unavoidable-have produced a state of feeling here much to be regretted. The men are

leaving, restless, and serious riots have occurred, and are threatened. The paymasters have not commenced to pay. On the principe line stated by General Canby, men are mustered out and not paid, and as the rations are stopped the men are dissatisfied. I do not wish to trouble the Government with complaints, but feel it my duty to it and the men to earnestly ask you to direct that more dispatch be used by the officials here.

A. G. CURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 26, 1863.

His Excellency A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg, Pa.;

Instructions to pay were given to the Paymaster-General this morning. He will communicate them by telegraph to the paymaster at Harrisburg.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., May 26, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following order from Paymaster-General Andrews has been received by paymasters here, viz:

You will pay all discharged officers of volunteer regiments upon rendition of their accounts, certified by the mustering officer.

It affords, no relief, the mustering officer refusing to certify the accounts. This is not my business, but I would respectfully but earnestly advise that something be done to enable officers to get their pay. The mustering officers say that the order relieves the paymaster, but imposes all responsibility on them.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT.., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 15. Washington, D. C., May 27, 1863.

I. Provost-marshals are informed that blanks of all kinds will be furnished from this office. The necessarily books of record are to be purchased by the provost-marshals, and the bills therefor, properly vouched, forwarded for payment, by this Bureau.

II. Hereafter but a single copy of the tri-monthly reports of business and general transactions will be required at this office, and section 3, paragraph 97, page 19, of the Regulations, is amended accordingly. These reports must be promptly rendered on the 10th, 20th, and last days of each month. All the accounts, reports, and returns called for on page 97, Regulations must be made promptly whether any transactions have taken place or not.

