
III. The Provost-Marshal-General is authorized to frank and receive letters, by post, free of postage. They should hereafter be left unpaid.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., May 27, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

In order to organize the force of 20,000 men in Kentucky as rapidly as possible it is necessary that $250,000 at least, should be advanced to the State of Kentucky on account of the Government indebtedness to her, mainly to be used in giving the soldiers the advanced pay for one month. I hope I may be authorized to assure the Governor at once that this will be done. I have already sent a paper to this effect, and have also telegraphed on the same matter.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, May 27, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have read your Order Numbers 143 and like it much. Think a colored regiment can be promptly raised in Ohio. A camp of rendezvous should be at Dennison. The board for examination of applicants for recruiting commissions should meet at this place. I have encouraged recruiting for the Massachusetts regiment, which I wish to stop if an effort is to be made to get up a regiment in this State. Please answer.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 27, 1863.

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

I am glad you approve General Orders, Numbers 143. It is the design of the Department to raise colored troops wherever it can be done but I think it would be well to let Governor Andrew go on and raise what he can to fill up his regiment. He has devoted so much time and attention to the subject that his experience will be of much service in guiding you and the Department in the details, and if it proves a success there will be enough left to give you a regiment or more in Ohio.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT,

May 28, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

SIR; I have carefully considered the communication of Major- General Banks to Major-General Halleck placed by you in my hands yesterday.*

He asks instructions as to the disposition of staple products and other movable property found in his department, and particularly

---------------

*See May 4, Series I, Vol. XV, p. 309.

---------------

