
following oath or affirmation, which shall also be taken and subscribed by the said commissioners.

OATH OR AFFIRMATION.

I, (A, B) do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I am a citizen of the United States (or, I have declared my intentions to become a citizen of the United States); that I have resided six months in this State and one month in this parish; that I am of the age of twenty-one years and upward; that I will bear true allegiance to the Government of the United States and that I solemnly repudiate any and all allegiance to and connection with any other government or pretended government, and especially the so-called government of the Confederate States; that I now register myself as a voter, freely and voluntarily, for the purpose of organizing a State government in Louisiana loyal to the Government of the United States.

VII. Those not registered will not be permitted to vote.

VIII. That to carry into effect the foregoing suggestions the approval and co-operation of the Governor, General George F. Shepley, be solicited and that he be respectfully requested.:

1. To order the said registration of loyal voters of the States, and to that effect to appoint or more loyal citizens of the United States as commissioners of registration, in each parish, with directions to register the names of all citizens of such parish who shall have taken and subscribed the said oath.

2. On the completion of such registries, or at the expiration of the time during which they will be kept open to order an election to be held on a da fixed, not less than thirty days from the date of the proclamation of such elections for delegates to the said convention.

3. To order the delegates so elected to meet in convention in New Orleans on a day to be fixed, not less than twenty days after the election of delegates.

THOMAS J. DURANT,

President of the General Committee.

JAS. GRAHAM.

Secretary .

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.] Resolutions adopted by the meeting of delegates from the various Union associations of the city of New Orleans and the parish of Jefferson, held on the evening of the 21st May, 1863, with directions to have the same submitted to General George F. Shepley, Governor of the State of Louisiana.

Resolved, That to effect the object of the report in the most efficient manner this central committee will undertake such organization and preparations and continue their efforts until said object is effected; tha this committee will be increased by the admission of delegates from other unconditional Union associations from time to time as they present themselves for admission.

Resolved, That for more promptly and efficiently conducting operations a sub-committee be appointed, who shall receive instructions from and report to this general committee. They will confer with and solicit the co-operation of the authorities, military, State, and municipal; open correspondence by writing or otherwise with the country parishes; raise means to defray the expenses of the measures that may be found needful and proper, &amp;c. Said sub-committee to

