
ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Madison, Wis., May 28, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: The provost-marshal of the First District established his office at Milwaukee the 18th instant, and immediately commenced the enrollment.

Sometime in the afternoon of that day one of the enrolling officers was attacked by an Irishman with a spade and received a severe cut in the face. The Irishman with a spade and received a severe cut in the face. The Irishman was assisted by several women, who pelted the enrolling officer with stones, &amp;c.

This was reported to me verbally while I was at Milwaukee. On the 23rd the deputy provost-marshal at Milwaukee, Mr. J. Hood, dame to see me, and represented that in his opinion it would be impossible for the enrolling officers to perform their duty without the presence of an organized military force. I therefore requested that the commanding general of the Department of the Northwest would cause two companies of infantry to be stationed there.

Tho this General Pope wrote me the 25th instant that there was little to be apprehended anywhere else in Wisconsin in actual resistance to the conscription law, nor did he think there would be difficulty at Milwaukee if things were managed prudently. That he knew nothing of the assistant there personally nor of the reason which prompted his application for troops, but he knew he expressed the sentiments of the most loyal citizens in saving there would be no resistance to the operations of the provost- marshal if he was a man of discretion, that he would leave for Saint Paul that morning and return Saturday.

On the 26th the provost-marshal, Captain Tillapaugh, wrote me that it would be impossible to enroll any more in that city without a military force to protect the enrolling officers; that the Irish and Dutch were determined to resist; asked for a sufficient force to keep the peace; said it was a city of mobs and nothing could prevent a mob at this time except armed soldiers.

I telegraphed the circumstances to General Pope at Saint Paul, and was advised by him in reply to go down to Milwaukee myself, and how important it was to avoid any outbreak, &c.

I had previously ordered Lieutenant Markley on a tour of inspection to the First, Second, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, and as he is an officer of good judgment in such mattes, did not consider it necessary to change the order, but gave him directions to telegraph me at once in case anything important occurred, and if necessary to suspend the enrollment until the return of General Pope Saturday. He left on the 9.30 p.m. train and as no dispatch has come from him yet (5.30 p.m.) it is fair to presume that no serious difficulty is to be apprehended.

I have been minute because I thought you would like to know all the circumstances.

Captain Phillips, Fourth District, writes the 26th that he had received a letter from Dr. L. H. Carey, dated Memphis, 16th instant, signifying his acceptance of the appointment as surgeon of the Board.

Captain Clark, Third District, informed me that there are vacant buildings at Fort Crawford, Prairie du Chien, but understands they are to be converted into a Government hospital. As he does not know how soon, I directed him to establish his office in them for the present.

