
All the provost-marshals think there will be no certainty in the security of apprehended deserters on the routes to military stations unless they are sent under a guard of soldiers, and ask how they are to procure the arms mentioned in paragraph 34, Provost-Marshal-General's Regulations. I presume that blanks will be provided to the provost-marshals, and would suggest that some descriptive rolls be sent.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. LOVELL,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighteenth Infty, Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 158. Washington, May 29, 1863

The following uniform has been adopted for officers of the Invalid Corps;

Frock coat: Of sky-blue cloth, with dark-blue velvet collar and cuffs; in all other respects according to the present pattern for officers of infantry.

Shoulder straps; According to present regulations, but worked on dark-blue velvet.

Pantaloons: Of sky-blue cloth, with double stripe of dark-blue cloth down the outer seam, each stripe one-half inch wide, with space between of three-eighths of an inch.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 6. Washington, D. C, May 29, 1863.

I. Officers and employes acting under this Bureau are forbidden to make public the information, official communications, or opinions connected with it, except when authorized or directed to do so from this office. The records of every officer under this Bureau must be in readiness at all times for proper official scrutiny, but it is not desirable to make publications or invite discussions in regard to the current business, which must be regarded generally as confidential.

II. Acting assistant provost-marshal-general will see that all possible means are taken by the provost-marshal under their control to, arrest deserters within the limits of their district, and will promptly report to this department any provost-marshall who gives evidence of want of zeal or ability to execute the duties of his office.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 29, 1863

Major-General BURNSIDE:

The Comptroller of the Treasury reports that not more than $100,000 can at present be advanced on the claims of the State of Kentucky. I have ordered that amount to be forwarded immediately, and it will probably go forward to-morrow.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

