
experience having indicated that where many regiments are organizing at one time recruiting is retarded. You have already been advised that in organizing the regiments the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 75, series of 1862, from the Adjutant- General's Office, will be observed. That order should be taken in connection with paragraph 86 of the Revised Mustering Regulations. In addition to the foregoing it is proposed that the names of all persons authorized by the Governor to recruit, under General Orders, Numbers 75, shall be reported to this office so soon as the appointments are issued, and that the Governor shall report at least once a month the localities where the officers are recruiting the number of men recruited for each regiment and the probable time at which any one regiment will be completed, and in readiness for the formal muster into the U. S. service by the U. S. mustering officer for the State. From my experience in Kentucky I am convinced the public interest will be best secured by conducting the recruiting service there with as much system as possible. If you see no objection to what is herein set forth I will advise the Governor accordingly. Please communicate your views at an early date, reporting fully how the service now stands, as ordered by you.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

AUBURN, June 1, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON;

Yours of May 31st received. I shall be at Astor House, New York, to-morrow morning and wait there your report and wishes by telegraph.

WM. H. SEWARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 1, 1863

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Astor House, N. Y.:

The provost-marshal of New York reports that persons arrested by the provost-marshal for resisting the enrollment act by refusing to give their names to the enrolling officers, and giving false names, were Saturday taken to the U. S. district attorney, who declined to prosecute on the ground that such refusal and false statements are not offenses against the act. This extraordinary conduct on his part if persisted in must lead to consequences which you can understand. I send you by mail the telegram of the provost-marshal, and also his view of the act referred to. There never has been any assistance rendered by civil officers to the Government in this war where they could get any colorable pretext for withholding it, and as the provisions of the act require offenders against it to be turned over to the civil authorities, it is necessary that you should see the officer referred to and have him at once refrain from such conduct and lend the aid of his office in enforcing the law.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

