
In regard to the case alluded to in my communication of the 19th of May, I find, on investigation of the facts, that a drafted man was arrested by Captain Boynton, Ninety-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, former recruiting officer at this station, and brought before his honor, Henry G. Long, presiding judge of the Second Judicial District, comprising this county, on a writ of habeas corpus, and on a hearing of the case Captain Boynton, made the following return:

LANCESTER, May 4, 1863.

The undersigned respectfully makes the following return: That he arrested the within-named John Shank as a deserter of the One Hundred and seventy-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Militia, and find no evidence of being mustered in the service of the United States.

D. J. BOYNTON,

Captain Ninety-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Recruiting Officer

Upon which the following indorsement was made upon the writ:

MAY 4, 1863.

On the hearing of the came it appearing that John Shank, by the return of the respondent, was not mustered into service, and consequently not a deserter, he is discharged from custody.

H. G. LONG.

The fact of the man having been drafted does not appear upon the record as brought before the judge. I therefore ordered his rearrest in order to have the facts fully brought up.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. W. BOLENIUS,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Ninth District of Pennsylvania.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT. PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 17. Washington, D. C., June 2, 1863

To prevent misapprehension, boards of enrollment will at once instruct their enrolling officers that they are to enroll all made citizens of the United States, and persons of foreign birth who have declared on oath their intention to become citizens under and in pursuance of the laws thereof, between the ages of twenty and forty-five years. This enrollment is, therefore, simply a census of all made citizens, and persons of foreign birth who have declared on oath their intentions to become citizens as above cited, between the ages of twenty and forty- five years. Neither the enrolling officers nor the boards of enrollment shall make exemptions from enrollment. The question of exemption is to be considered by the boards of enrollment alone, and only with regard to draft.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

ALBANY, June 2, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Governor Seymour desires to be informed to-day, if possible, if one or two batteries of light artillery, composed of returned two years" volunteers, will be accepted if completed in a short time.

J. B. STONEHOUSE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

