
would regret the necessity of an array of the military. But I think they all doubt the probability of enforcing a draft without resorting to military force.

I learn from Captain Tillapaugh, the provost-marshal of the district, that his headquarters will be removed to Racine. I trust that it will not be done for the present, as to do so now would, I think, be construed by the evil-disposed as having been effected through their opposition to the enrolling agents. Nearly all the trouble thus far has been brought about by women and children, the former threatening to make use of hot water, and the latter throwing stones, &amp;c., instigated no doubt, by men who were careful to conceal their participation from view.

I have not seen enough of Captain Tillapaugh to be able to judge of his ability in every respect to perform the duties of provost-marshal. That there is a feeling against him is quite evident, from the fact, possibly, that he is not a resident of the city.

From my intercourse with the two men I am satisfied that the deputy, Joel Hood, esq. is the best qualified for the position of provost-marshal, and I think would have been more acceptable to the citizens generally.

General Pope thinks the interests of the service would be better subserved by having my headquarters at Milwaukee. It is a matter of perfect indifference to me. I am only desirous of rendering all the service in my power when not in a condition to do duty in the field.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. LOVELL,

Lieutenant Colonel Eighteenth Infty., Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, FIRST DIST. OF WISCONSIN,

Racine, June 2, 1863.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.,:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the enrollment of this district is progressing rapidly, with the exception of the city of Milwaukee. In no other place in this districts is there danger of resistance to the enrollment or draft, except in this disloyal place. From the time the enrolling officers entered upon their duties in that place until now they have been assailed in the most violent manner by the Germans and Irish.

Two days since an enrolling officer was assailed by these infuriated rebels, knocked down and mangled in a shocking manner, and when I am asked for help I have none to give these men.

Milwaukee is thoroughly disloyal, and is controlled by mobs and has been for years. Thus far I have removed my papers from my office at night to the post-office for safe-keeping. I have good reason to believe these rebels intend to resist the enrollment, resist the draft,and to destroy the roll before the draft, if they can get it.

Milwaukee is a city of 55,000 people; over 40,000 of this people are German and Irish of the most desperate character.

There has been seven mobs and riots in this city in the last twelve years, and in every instance the mob has been victorious. I have called on General Pope for military force to protect officers in the discharge of their duties, but he refused to pay the least attention to

