
present superiors as to the services rendered and experience acquired in that position. Colonel James B. Fry, Provost- Marshal-General, now in Washington, was General Buell's chief of staff at the time I commanded, the First Cavalry Brigade, Army of the Cumberland. I have a fine brigade at present, one that I would be reluctant to relinquish; but I submit this project to you, believing that its successful accomplishment would be of incalculable service to the country. In case of an encouraging reply from you I would address in due time a formal application, with the details of my plan of organization, to the Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 163. Washington, June 4, 1863.

I. The following revised order, in relation to advance pay, bounties, and premiums, as paid by the United States, is published for the information of all concerned, and will govern in lie of all other orders on the subject:

A RESOLUTION to encourage enlistments in the Regular Army and Volunteer forces.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America, in Congress assembled. That so much of the ninth section of the act approved August third, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, entitled, "An act for the better organization of the military establishment," as abolishes the premium paid for bringing accepted recruits to the rendezvous, be, and the same is hereby, repealed, and hereafter a premium of two dollars shall be paid to any citizen, non-commissioned officer, or solider for such accepted recruit for the Regular Army [as] he may bring to the rendezvous. And every soldier who hereafter enlists, either in the Regular Army or the Volunteers, for three years, or during the war, may receive his first month's pay in advance, upon the mustering of his company into the service of the United States, or after he shall have been mustered into and joined a regiment already in the service.

Approved, June 21, 1862.

REGULAR ARMY.

1. For the $2 premium, regular service, the form of the receipt roll annexed* will be used as a consolidated voucher for the payments.

The payments will be made so soon as the recruit is accepted by the recruiting officer, and from the recruiting fund for the Regular Army.

VOLUNTEER SERVICE.

2. All accepted recruits for volunteer organizations will be paid a premium of $2. The premium may be paid to any citizen, non- commissioned officer, or soldier for every accepted recruit who may enlist, or to the recruit in person, in case he presents himself. These payments will be made so soon as the recruit has been inspected by the surgeon and mustered into service.

The amounts will be entered on the muster-in roll, opposite the names of the recruits so paid, and charged to the fund for "collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers." For a voucher, a modified form of that used in the regular service will be used.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

