
or other person, who has been or shall hereafter be discharged from the Army of the United States within two years from the date of their enlistment, by reason of wounds received in battle, shall be entitled to receive the same bounty as is granted or may be granted to the same classes of persons who are discharged after a service of two years, and all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this are hereby repealed.

Approved March 3, 1863.

VI. Persons of African descent who enlist under the act approved July 17, 1862 (General Orders, 91, Adjutant-General's Office, 1862, p.25.) are entitled to "ten dollars per month and one ration; three dollars of which monthly pay may be in clothing."

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 4, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE, U. S. Volunteers,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

A note, of which the following is a copy, has just been received by this Department from the President:

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, June 4, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

MY DEAR SIR: I have received additional dispatches which, with former ones, induce me to believe should revoke suspend the order suspending the Chicago Times, and if you concur in opinion, please have it done.

A. LINCOLN.

In conformity with the views of the President, you will revoke the order suspending the publication of the Chicago Times.*

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 4, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit a report of all my operations from the commencement of the war to the present time, and in the hope that it may be found to contain valuable information and to establish beyond doubt the advantages of the aeronautic service to the Government.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

T. S. C. LOWE,

Aeronaut.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 26, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In accordance with your request I have the honor to submit the following report of my operations in the department of aeronautics, as connected with the military service of the Government:

Balloons have been employed for many years for the purposes of

---------------

* See Burnside's order, Series I, Vol. XXIII, Part II, p.386; also Trumbull and Arnold to Lincoln, ibid., p.385.

---------------

