HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,November 22, 1861.

Prof. T. S. C. LOWE:

General McClellan desires that you send a balloon to Fort Monroe this evening or at least by to-morrow evening boat to go to Fort Royal. The transports will leave Fort Monroe day after to-morrow.

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

If Captain Craven can spare the Coeur de Lion, and Captain Dahlgren also, the Department agrees to allow her to take Professor Lowe to Old Point.

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary.

WASHINGTON, November 23, 1861.

Major-General HOOKER,

Budd's Ferry, Md.:

I start for Fortress Monroe to-morrow afternoon. Will take the balloon-boat down with me. Please inform me at what point I can anchor where it will be safe, and will be of the most service to you.

T. S. C. LOWE,

Chief Aeronaut, U. S. Army.

BUDD'S FERRY, November 24, 1861.

Professor LOWE:

The safest and most convenient place for anchoring your steamer will be about one mile below your former anchorage. The balloon is now near the Posey house, and it is from that point I desire to make the next ascension if agreeable to yourself.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Brigadier-General.

OLD POINT, November 27, 1861.

Brigadier General T. W. SHERMAN,

Commanding Forces at Port Royal, S. C.:

SIR: By direction of General McClellan I send to your command a balloon and aeronautic in charge of Mr. J. B. Starkwearther, aeronaut, who will report to you for service. For the purpose of aiding in these operations Mr. Starkwearther will require thirty men and a good officer. Should it be necessary to take observations at various points, there will be required two ordinary army wagons to convey the gas generators and materials. Anything further that will be required will be made known by the aeronaut.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. S. C. LOWE,

Chief Aeronaut, U. S. Army.

HALL'S HILL, November 30, 1861.

Professor LOWE:

Promise of a fair day to-morrow. Your balloon is wanted, and it is of the highest importance that it should be here to take advantage of the first calm. Can it be here early in the morning? I will send in men now if you will send it.

F. J. FOSTER.

WASHINGTON, November 30, 1861-11.45 p.m.

Brigadier General F. J. PORTER,

Hall's Hill, Va.:

Please send in the men and I will do my best to get the balloon there. The inflating apparatus, as fast as finished so far, has been ordered to other points, or I would make the gas on the ground; but for this time I must tow, it as soon as the men get there.

T. S. C. LOWE,

Aeronaut.

NOVEMBER 30, 1861.

General HOOKER:

General McClellan desires me to get a map of the enemy's position opposite your command. Can you accommodate me by sending up a draughtsman, and forwarding the result to the general?

