
HALL'S HILL, March 9, 1862.

Professor LOWE:

Have your balloon out to Fairfax Court-House at as early an hour to-morrow as possible. Major Stone will give you all the facilities you desire. Show this to him.

By command of General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 13, 1862.

Major General J. E. WOOL,

Commanding Department of Virginia, Fortress Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: By order of Major-General McClellan I send to you an aeronaut. Mr. E. Seaver, with a balloon and all necessary apparatus for making ascensions, who is instructed to report to you without delay.

I would very respectfully request that the aeronaut be furnished with such aid as may be required to manage the balloon to the best advantage, and trusting that by its means you will be able at all times to ascertain the position and movements of the enemy.

I remain, with respect, your obedient servant,

T. S. C. LOWE,

Chief Aeronaut, Army of the Potomac.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 15, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. N. MACOMB,

Aide-de-Camp and Major of Topographical Engineers:

COLONEL: In accordance with orders, I proceeded yesterday from the Washington Navy-Yard to Budd's Ferry, and shipped the balloon and apparatus on board the steamer Hugh Jenkins, for Fortress Monroe, Va.

The dispatch which I had sent to Mr. Seaver to get the apparatus in his charge ready to move had not been received, and I found the balloon on the Virginia side of the river inflated, where it had been in use, and consequently my time was occupied during the entire night in getting the things together and shipping the same, in order that they might be on the way this morning, which I accomplished. On examination it was found impossible to turn the balloon barge until some repairs have been made to her rudder post, which got damaged during the late storm. I therefore sent the generator mounted upon wheels.

I sent Mr. Seaver to operate the balloon at Fort Monroe, with credentials as, Mr. Mason and Mr. C. Lowe did not arrive in time, they being occupied at Fairfax Court-House and Pohick Church, arranging apparatus for moving. I will send one of them to assist Mr. Seaver to-morrow or next day.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

T. S. C. LOWE,

Chief Aeronaut.

SEMINARY, March 20, 1862.

Professor LOWE,

National Hotel, Washington:

I wish your balloon to embark with me at 9 to-morrow.

F. J. PORTER,

Brgadier-General, Headquarters near Seminary.
HEADQUARTERS PORTER'S DIVISION,March 21, 1862.

OFFICER IN CHARGE OF BALLOON PARTY:

SIR: You will prepare to embark this morning with this division. You will take three days" cooked provisions and three days" uncooked. You will be ready to march by 9 o"clock this morning.

By command of Brigadier General F. J. Porter:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Alexandria Seminary, Va., March 22, 1862.

Mr. LOWE,

National Hotel, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The commanding general directs that you make your arrangements to proceed to Fort Monroe with your balloons the same time that he moves, probably in the course of the following week.

