
And I further declare and make known that such persons, of suitable condition, will be received into the armed service of the United States to garrison forts, positions, stations, and other places, and to man vessels of all sorts in said service.

And upon this act, sincerely believed to be an act of justice warranted by the Constitution upon military necessity. I invoke the considerate judgment of mankind and the gracious favor of Almighty God.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and cause the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this first day of January, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and of the Independence of the United States of America the eighty-

seventh.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

[L. S.]

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 2, 1863.

Colonel H. B. DAVIDSON:

SIR: Colonel Jenifer has just shown to me two notices purporting to have been issued by Captain Horace Kellong, by order of Brigadier General R. H. Milroy, copies of which are hereby transmitted, marked A and B.* Notice marked B is so atrocious that I have some doubts as to its genuineness. Moreover, it seems to be very different from notice marked A.

Colonel Jenifer informs me that he received the papers from you. Will you do me the favor to inquire into the genuineness and authenticity of order marked B and let me know the result?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RO. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 3. Washington, January 3, 1863.

The following act of Congress is published for the information and government of all concerned:

(PUBLIC-Numbers 5.)

AN ACT to facilitate the discharge of disabled soldiers from the Army and the inspection of convalescent camps and hospitals.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That there shall be added to the present Medical Corps of the Army eight inspectors, who shall, immediately after the passage of this act, be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, without regare to their rank when so selected, but with sole regard to qualifications, and who shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments now authorized by law to officers of that grade.

SEC.2 And be it further enacted, That the officers of the Medical Inspector's Department shall be charged, in addition to the duties now assigned to them by existing laws, with the duty of making regular and frequent, inspections of all military general hospitals and convalescent camps, and shall, upon each such inspection, designate to the surgeon in charge of such hospitals or camps all soldiers who may be, in their opinion, fit subjects for discharge from the service, on

---------------

* See enclosures Nos. 1 and 2, Imboden to Davis, December 9, 1862, Vol II, this series, p. 944.

---------------

