
For nearly two years, aside from doing all the business of this department, I have made frequent personal reconnaissance and have attended to the management of several balloons for different officers to ascend until within the past two or three weeks, during which time I have been occupied by order of the Secretary of War in preparing a history of this branch of the service, &amp;c., at the same time keeping an eye to the proper management of the balloons, which have been kept in constant use, attended by my assistants.

General, I feel aggrieved that my services should not have been better appreciated. As it is, I cannot honorably serve for the sum named by Captain Comstock without first refunding to the Government the excess of that amount which I have been rnce I have been in the service. This my very limited means will not allow, for it requires full the salary I have received to support myself in the field and my family at home; therefore, out of respect to myself and the duty I owe my family, it will be impossible for me to serve upon any other conditions than those with which I entered the service.

Notwithstanding, as I have promised the commanding general that nothing should be lacking on my part to render the greatest possible service during the next battle, and as I consider that all should be done that genius can devise to make the first move successful, I will offer my services until that time free of charge to the Government.

I remain, general, with great respect,

T. S. C. LOWE,

Aeronaut.

The following are five [four] indorsement made upon the foregoing document:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 13, 1863.

Respectfully returned to Professor Lowe, to be forwarded through the proper channel to Captain Comstock, chief of engineers.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., April 13, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Captain C. B. Comstock, chief engineer, Army of the Potomac.

It was supposed that this was properly addressed, and I take pleasure in rectifying the mistake.

T. S. C. LOWE,

Aeronaut.

Respectfully forwarded.

It is believed that during the two years Mr. Lowe has been receiving $10 per day for his services he has been compensated for the sacrifices made, and that $6 per day is ample payment for the duties he has to perform at present.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Captain of Engineers and Chief Engineer Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 15, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

See indorsement of Captain Comstock, Engineer Department, in charge of balloons.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

S. WILLIAMS,,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 13, 1863.

T. S. C. LOWE,

Chief of Aeronautics, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 10th instant stating that you can spare an experienced aeronaut, should his services be required in the vicinity of Charleston or Baton Rouge, and that a complete set of balloon apparatus is ready and can be shipped at short notice.

