
they take at daylight in the morning. I anticipate that the balloon can be of more service when moving than at any other time, provided we are following the enemy. I informed Captain Howard, assistant quarteansportation would be necessary for this department, and he informs me that he has set the same aside of our use, namely, seven wagons.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

T. S. C. LOWE,

Chief of Aeronautics.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 20, 1863.

Mr. T. S. C. LOWE,

Aeronaut:

Please send me the names of three or four persons whom you deem best qualified to take charge of an independent balloon, with their addresses, not including those aeronauts with this army.

Respectfully,

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Captain, &c.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, April 20, 1863.

Captain C. B. COMSTOCK,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac:

CAPTAIN: In answer to your of this date asking for the names of three or four persons whom I deem best qualified to take charge of a balloon, I would respectfully say that I cannot name but two persons whom I could recommend for the Government service, aside from those already employed, although if occasion requires it I might select several who could be instructed in the use of army balloons.

The names of the two persons above alluded to are Mr. W. S. Morgan, Numbers 293 Second street, Jersey City, N. J., and Mr. J. B. Starkweather, boston, Mass. Both of these parties, palced under an experienced army aeronaut, would render good service.

Very respectfully, &c.,

T. S. C. LOWE,

Chief of Aeronautics, Army of the Potomac.

CAMP NEAR FALMOUTH, VA., April 21, 1863.

Captain COMSTOCK:

I ascended at about sundown this evening, but the atmosphere was too hazy to admit of a detailed examination of the enemy's position. All the principal camps, however, were visible and ap[pear unchanged. I have taken a large balloon (capable of taking up two persons) to the left this p. m.

Respectfully, &c.,

T. S. C. LOWE,

Chief of Aeronautics Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 21, 1863.

Mr. T. S. C. LOWE,

Aeronaut:

Please have a balloon put in condition, so far as is practicable here, to be placed at the disposal of the Honorable Secretary of War at once. Please also inform me when it and machinery will be ready to be turned over to the quartermaster for transportation, and if there are any repairs needed which cannot be done here or anything needed to its efficiency not to be obtained here, please furnish me with a statement of such things in full. Also make out a list of everything me with a statement of such things in full. also make out a list of everything needed to go with it. Also please inform me which of the two persons recommended by you as aeronauts a few days ago you deem best qualified to accompany the balloon.

Very respectfully,

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Captain of Engineers.

