HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 29, 1863.

Professor LOWE, &amp;c.:

The major-general commanding directs that your balloon on service near Sedgwick's command be sent up at a very early hour in the morning before sunrise, and that you get a communication with the signal telegraph to forward to these headquarters the earliest information with regard to the numbers, strength,and position of the enemy. This is not to interfere with the service of the balloon at Banks" Ford.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 29, 1863.

JAMES ALLEN,

In Charge of Balloon Washington:

You will have your men prepare one or two days" rations to-night, and in the morning have the men all ready to cross the river by daybreak. I will meet you where the balloon is now anchored.

Very respectfully, &c.,

T. S. C. LOWE,

Chief of Aeronautics.
HEADQUARTERS AERONAUTIC CORPS,April 29, 1863.

Mr. E. S. ALLEN,

In Charge of Balloon Eagle:

General hooker desires a reconnaissance made after dark to observe the location of the enemy's camp-fires. Also in the morning immediately before daybreak. Great care should be taken to gain all the information you can. Please make a careful report after 9 o"clock to-night and soon after daylight in the morning. A high altitude should be attained in order to accomplish the object desired. Be careful you observe the points of the compass correctly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. S. C. LOWE,

Chief Aeronaut, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 29, 1863.

Major General JOHN SEDGWICK:

GENERAL: I shall be absent to-morrow morning at Banks" Ford and vicinity, and if I may venture an opinion, I think it advisable that some engineer or other competent officer be instructed to ascend in balloon Washington from time to time until my return, for the purpose of reconnoitering from Fredericksburg as low down as the commanding general deems necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. S. C. LOWE,

Chief Aeronaut, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 29, 1863 - 10 p.m.

Mr. E. S. ALLEN:

The commanding general directs that your balloon be taken to Banks" Ford in order to take very important observations before and after daybreak. I will be there at daybreak, but you can commence to take observations should I not be there in time. The best way to go is to follow the signal telegraph. Look out for obstructions, &c., and don"t fail, for now is your time to gain a position.

Respectfully, &c.,

T. S. C. LOWE,

Chief of Aeronautics, Army of the Potomac.

BANKS" FORD, April 30, 1863 - 10.45 a. m.

Major General BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, &c.:

The balloon arrived at 3 a. m., but since that time have not been able to get an observation until now. The enemy opposite here are apparently not near as strong

