
Corps, and will include the necessary company books, blanks, records, &amp;c., required by the General Regulations of the United States Army for companies of infantry.

2. The acting assistant provost-marshals-general of States will immediately make their requisitions for a first supply in quantity equal to the number of companies assigned them in Circular Numbers 13 from this office, and will make requisitions from time to time on the proper bureau to meet further wants.

3. The companies of the First Battalion will be armed with muskets, according to the pattern furnished by the Ordnance Department. The requisitions will therefore cover the necessary equipments and ammunition, at eighty rounds per man, for a company of infantry of eighty rank and file, the sergeants to have swords. It is assumed that the First Battalion will equal in strength the Second and Third Battalions together.

4. The Second and Third Battalions will be armed with swords. Requisitions for these companies will therefore be made for swords and belts, according to pattern to be furnished by the Ordnance Department.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVOST-MARSHAL,TWENTY-FOURTH DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA,

New Brighten, June 6, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor herewith the inclose you a copy of a letter yesterday received from W. G. W. Day, a gentleman left in charge of the enrollment in Greene County. You will observe that a combined resistance to the enrollment has occurred in one of the townships of that county, and I fear the trouble is of some magnitude.

Yesterday (on receipt of Mr. Day's letter) Captain Cuthbertson, the provost-marshal for this district,proceeded to Greene County, taking with him from Pittsburg twenty-five men of the provost guard.

The intention of Captain Cuthbertson is to promptly arrest the persons engaged in this combined resistance, and we think that by prompt and efficient action further trouble may be avoided.

Hoping the steps taken by Captain Cuthbertson will meet with your approval,

I am, very respectfully,

G. S. BARKER,

Deputy Prov. March, Twenty-fourth Dist. of Pennsylvania.

[Inclosure.]

WAYNESBURG, June 2, 1863.

BOARD OF ENROLLMENT, 24TH DIST. OF PENNSYLVANIA:

GENTLEMEN: I am sorry to inform you that the enrolment is not going on pleasantly in Greene County. In Dunkard township, the hotbed of copperheadism, there is trouble. Mr. Alexander, the enrolling officer of that township (who, by the way, is a very good man, shrewd, calm, and resolute, and a business man withal), has been forced to abandon the township. I could not get a man in the town ship to undertake the enrolling.

21 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

