
Mr. Alexander had taken it unde the first arrangement and got through one township without any difficulty. But yesterday he was in Dunkard and they raised a company and defied him and made him leave; just blocked him up so that he could not do anything, and there is trouble brewing in other townships.

Their plea in Dunkard is that there was a draft made and never enforced. There are seven men there now who have skulked the draft. I am satisfied, and so are the best citizens, that force must be used. There are about three townships which will be troublesome.

Something must be done soon or they will have the thing all in their own hands.

Yours,

W. G. W. DAY.

WHEELING, VA., June 7, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: I have the honor to state that the discussion of the expediency of enforcing the enrollment act in Western Virginia was not provoked by me. The letters upon the subject obtained and forwarded were procured at the especial request of State officials. I will at once take steps to procure from leading men in each district recommendations for members of the boards of enrolment, as directed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. DARR, JR.,

Major and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 255. Washington, June 8, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

38. The order by letter from the War Department of July 22, 1862, under which Honorable J. H. Lane was appointed commissioner for recruiting, Department of Kansas, with power to raise troops, is, at his request, hereby vacated and annulled.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 19. Washington, D. C., June 8, 1863.

I. Paragraph 11, page 3, Regulations for the Government of the Bureau of the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States, is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

Provost-marshals are directed to appoint a deputy provost- marshal for every county in their district, except of the county in which the district headquarters are located. These deputies should be selected with care, and should be men suited for the performance of the duties which will devolve upon them. They should acquaint themselves thoroughly with the county and the people in it, and should be able to secure the arrest of all deserters now in their counties, as well of

