
those men who may become deserters by failing to answer the summons of the provost-marshal in case of draft. The pay of a deputy provost-marshal shall not exceed $100 per month.

II. Paragraph 12, page 3, of same Regulations, is so amended as to read as follows:

Special officers or agents for detecting and arresting deserters or spies may be employed when necessary; but not more than four shall be employed in a district without the approval of the Provost-Marshal-General. Their names must be reported and the amount of compensation proper to be allowed must be recommended. They may be paid, &amp;c. * * *

III. Returns required by Forms Nos. 7, 8, 9, and 10 will hereafter be made quarterly instead of monthly.

A careful study of these and all other "forms" is recommended, as all returns and papers must be in strict accordance therewith. Any failure, even in a slight degree, to conform to them will result in a return for correction of such papers.

IV. Provost-marshals are reminded that parties themselves must sign all receipts, the Government not recognizing the signature of one party for another, unless a power of attorney in each case accompany such signature.

Where employs are not present at the headquarters of a district to sign the receipt rolls (Form 17) their accounts may be made on separate vouchers (Form 18), but no accounts will be paid unless the name of the person be borne on Form Numbers 4, monthly.

V. Until further orders boards of enrollment shall not adjourn over a day, except Sunday, without the permission of the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of the State. The business of the enrollment and that connected with the Invalid Corps must receive constant attention until completed.

Members of boards of enrollment are forbidden to absent themselves from their duties or their districts without leave first obtained from the acting assistant provost-marshal-general of the State, who shall not grant leave of absence for more than five days at any one time without the approval of the Provost- Marshal-General.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 20. Washington, D. C., June 8, 1863.

I. The enrollment should include all able-bodied male citizens of the United States, and residents of foreign birth who shall have declared on oath their intention ot become citizens, between the ages of twenty and forty-five years.

II. For the purpose of enrollment, all the above-named persons who were not in the military service on the 3rd of March, 1863, shall be divided into two classes -

The first class consisting of all between the ages of twenty and thirty-five years and all unmarried persons above the age of thirty-five and under forty-five.

The second class consisting of all married persons between the ages of thirty-five and forty-five years.

The persons who were in the military service of the United States on the 3rd of March, 1863,should therefore appear in the consolidated enrollment lists in a class by themselves. The preparation of these

