
lists should not be permitted to interfere with the earliest possible completion of the consolidated lists o Classes I an II.

Men from the first class will be the first called into the service of the United States.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. PROV. March SIXTEENTH DIST. OF PENNSYLVANIA,Chambersburg, June 8, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshall-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 5th instant I received information (telegram Numbers 1) that Henry Ickes, the enroller for the sub-district Numbers 38, the township of Saint Clair, in Bedford County, had met with resistance; that his saw- mill was burnt and himself effectually intimated from the further prosecution of his work. To give you all the information in my power, I inclose a copy (Numbers 2) of Mr. Ickes" letter to me. This gentleman I cannot but believe acted judiciously in the discharge of his duties. He is an elderly person, has been or is a justice of the peace, and was recommended to me by several of the best citizens of Bedrod. The spirit of opposition with which he has been met is but the outcropping of that which well- informed persons apprised me a month ago existed in that neighborhood. In order to ascertain the earl condition of things, I dispatched D. A. Wertz, esq., to Befrod on Saturday morning with instructions to obtain the names of the guilty parties, with proofs, and consult with Messrs. King, Russell, Cessna, and Washabaugh, and gentlemen of intelligence and distinction. As will be seen by Mr. Wertz's telegram to me (Numbers 3) of this date, resistance to the enrolment has manifested itself in Napier Township, in addition to Saint Clair, and the enroller damaged by the destruction of his property. The copies of telegrams (Nos. 4 and 5) inclosed will inform you of my proposed action in this emergency. I will add that I shall resort to force only when in my judgment it shall become necessary.

The enrollment is in rapid progress over the district, and I see at present nothing to prevent its completion by the 20th instant. Possibly a few sub-districts may not send in complete lists before the 25th.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE EYSTER,

Provost-Marshal Sixteenth District of Pennsylvania.

P. S. - Dispatch Numbers 6 received as this letter is being mailed.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] BEDFORD, PA., June 5, 1863.

Captain GEORGE EYSTER:

Henry Ickes commended enrolling yesterday and met with resistance. Burned his saw-mill. Will not act. Do not know who will.

JACOB Z. OVER.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] SAINT CLAIRSVILLE, BEDFORD COUNTY, PA., June 5, 1863.

Captain GEORGE EYSTER:

DEAR SIR: I must inform you that I commenced enrolling yesterday and I met with resistance. The first half day that I was out four men

