
declined to give me the age of their sons, and said that there was no law to make another draft, and that it was unconstitutional, and if they were drafted they would use powder and lead. The same night my saw-mill was set on fire and burned to ashes, which is a loss to me of at least $600 with the other property that was on it.

I have declined to make the enrollment for the reason that I think that my family and the balance of my property would not be safe. I think the Government should make up my loss, as I was employed by it. I would not risk my life and property and make the enrollment for $1,000.

Please write soon and direct to Saint Clairsville, Bedford County, Pa.

Yours, truly,

HENRY ICKES,

Esquire.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] BEDFORD, PA., June 8, 1863.

Captain GEORGE EYSTER:

The Napier Township enroller had his barn burned last night. On consultation with Messrs. Cessna, King, Russell, and Washabaugh, it was considered best to send 100 men to enforce the law if further demonstrations are made. Be ready and I will telegraph.

D. A. WERTZ.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.] CHAMBERSBURG, PA., June 8, 1863.

D. A. WERTZ,

Bedford, Pa.:

I will order a force on From Carlisle when the emergency arises. In the meantime obtain the names of offenders and be active in getting proof. Incur any reasonable expense to detect the guilty. Tell N. C. Evans to report to me by telegram as soon as he has completed his enrollment.

GEORGE EYSTER,

Provost-Marshal Sixteenth District of Pennsylvania.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.] CHAMBERSBURG, PA., June 8, 1863.

The COMMANDANT AT CARLISLE BARRACKS:

There are symptoms of disturbance in Bedford County that may have to be met with force. On enroller has had his saw-mill, another his barn, burnt. I respectfully notify you that I may be compelled to call upon you for assistance under regulation 25, to which I would refer you. Can you furnish me 100 men, should the emergency arise?

GEORGE EYSTER,

Provost-Marshal Sixteenth District of Pennsylvania.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.] CARLISLE BARRACKS, PA., June 8, 1863.

Captain GEORGE EYSTER:

Captain Hastings is absent from the post; will be back in two days. If absolutely necessary I think fifty of sixty men might be furnished.

JOHN B. JOHNSON,

First Lieutenant, Sixteenth Cavalry, Commanding.

