
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 170. Washington, June 9, 1863.

Paragraphs 931, 933, and 934, Revised Regulations for the Army, of 1861 are modified to read as follows:

931. No person under the age of eighteen years is to be enlisted or re-enlisted without the written consent of his parent, guardian, or master. Recruiting officers must be very particular in ascertaining the true age of the recruit.

933. If the recruit be a minor under eighteen years of age, his parent, guardian, or master must sign a consent to his enlisting, which will be added to the preceding declaration in the following form, &amp;c.

934. The forms of declaration and of consent in case of a minor under eighteen having been signed and witnessed, the recruit will then by duly examined, &c.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPOT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 171. Washington, June 9, 1863.

1. When an officer is relieved from duty in the field, transferred to a distant department, discharged from service, or detached in any way from an army in active service, he will turn over to the chief quartermaster any horse, being his property, which may have been purchased from the Quartermaster's Department under the privileges of paragraph 1143, Revised Regulations, and will be allowed therefor the value of the horse at the time it is returned, to be determined by a board of officers to be appointed by the officer in command of the troops present. In no case, however, shall the sum allowed and paid exceed the price at which the horse was originally purchased from the Quartermaster's Department.

2. No officer will be permitted to sell a serviceable horse which has been purchased from the Quartermaster's Department under paragraph 1143. Such horses are issued to enable officers to perform their public duties.

3. When officers, ordered without troops from one department to another, apply for orders for the transportation at public expense of their authorized horses, they shall accompany the application with a certificate that the horses for which transportation is asked are their private property, purchased at a distance from the seat of war, and that they have never been the property of the United States. Without such certificate no such application for transportation of horses shall be considered.

4. Orders for transportation of horses of officers traveling without troops will be granted only in special cases, and when the public service seems to require or justify them.

5. Where officers are transferred from one department to another on their own application and for their own convenience, transportation of horses will not be allowed.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

