
[JUNE 9, 1863.-For order organizing the Departmental Army Corps of the Monongahela, see Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 44.]

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 21. Washington, D. C., June 10, 1863.

1. To answer the many inquiries that are addressed to this office in relation to the character of the duties of the Invalid Corps and the method of getting into it, the following is published for the information of all:

2. Enlisted men, honorably discharged on account of disability, desiring to re-enlist in this corps will present themselves to the Board of Enrollment for the district in which they reside, for examination by the surgeon thereof, who shall make a personal examination of them and report the result to the Board of Enrollment.

3. The Board shall then consider each case, and if the applicant is found to fulfill the conditions specified below, the Board shall give him a certificate (according to the form furnished) to that effect, viz:

(1) That he is unfit for service in the field.

(2) That he is fit for garrison duty according to the rules laid down in General Orders, Numbers 130, War Department, 1863.

(3) That he is meritorious and deserving.

(4) That he was honorably discharged from the service on account of disability.

4. The provost-marshal for the district shall furnish the applicant with a ticket of transportation, by the shortest practicable route, to the nearest acting assistant provost- marshal-general of a State (no matter if it be not in the same State), who shall procure such evidence of service and good character as he may deem sufficient; and if satisfied that it is a meritorious case and that the man is not intemperate, he will have him enlisted. If rejected, the man shall have a transportation ticker to the district whence he came.

5. The term of enlistment in the Invalid Corps shall be three years, unless sooner discharged. Enlistments shall be made upon printed forms furnished for the purpose. They will in all cases be made in duplicate.

The premium for accepted recruits as laid down in paragraph 1315, General Regulations, will not, however, be allowed in the Invalid Corps service.

6. It is further announced that no officers or enlisted man shall be entitled to or receive any pension, premium, or bounty for enlistment or re-enlistment or service in the Invalid Corps. Claims for pensions or bounties which may be due for previous service will not be invalidated by enlistment in the Invalid Corps. But no pensions can be drawn or accrue to the benefit of any man during his service in said corps. The officers and men will be organized into companies of infantry, of the same strength as is now authorized by law for the U. S. infantry.

7. The officers and enlisted men will receive the same pay and allowances now authorized by law for the U. S. infantry, and will be paid in the same manner.

8. The following uniform has been adopted for officers of the Invalid Corps:

Frock coat: Of sky-blue cloth, with dark-blue velvet collar and cuffs; in all other respects according to the present pattern for officers of infantry.

