
Shoulder straps: According to present regulations, but worked on dark-blue velvet.

Pantaloons: Of sky-blue cloth, with double stripe of dark-blue cloth down the outer seam, each stripe one-half inch wide, with space between of three-eighths of an inch.

The following uniform has been adopted for the enlisted men of the Invalid Corps.

Jacket: Of sky-blue kersey with dark-blue trimmings, cut like the jacket for U. S. cavalry, to come well down on the loins and abdomen.

Trousers: Present regulations, sky-blue.

Forage cap: Present regulation.

9. Men enlisted in or transferred to the Invalid Corps will be subject to the Articles of War, Army Regulations, &amp;c., the same as other soldiers, and will be required to perform all duties within the limit of their physical capacity, as laid down in the rules and regulations for that corps; but for the convenience of service they will be selected for three grades of duty. Those who are most efficient and able bodied, and capable of using the musket and performing guard duty, light marches, &c., will be assigned to companies of the First Battalion. Those of the next degree of physical efficiency, including all who have lost a hand or an arm, to the companies of the Second Battalion. Those who are the least effective, and including all who have lost a foot or leg, to the companies of the Third Battalion.

10. Companies of the First Battalion, will be employed mainly as provost guards and garrisons for cities, but may be assigned to forts, field-works, and railroads near the cities and other important points. They will be armed with muskets, and will not be liable to active campaigns with the field armies.

Companies of the Second Battalion will be armed with side-arms only, and will be employed as guards of buildings, hospitals, &c., and will have companies of the First Battalion on duty with them when the use of firearms may be necessary.

The companies of the Third Battalion will be armed with side-arms like the Second Battalion, and will be employed in hospitals as cooks, nurses, ward masters, clerks, orderlies, &c.; the officers of these companies doing the duties of military assistants at the hospitals.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, June 10, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: Colonel William A. Pile, Thirty-third Missouri Volunteers, has just shown me your letter, dated June 6, 1863, referring to an apparent misunderstanding by him of your instructions relative to the raising of colored troops. I beg leave to say on this subject that Colonel Pike came to me with your order authorizing him to raise such troops and informed me that he has distinct verbal permission from you to extend his operations to Missouri, provided he could secure the full consent of the Governor of the State. Governor Gamble unhesitatingly gave his consent, with the qualifications necessary to prevent any interference with the slaves of loyal owners and avoid any violation of the laws of the State. I at once made the necessary orders to

