
enable Colonel Pile to carry out his instructions, and the work is progressing rapidly and harmoniously. I have heard no complaint from any source.

I have known Colonel Pile since the beginning of the war as a most Honorable , energetic, and efficient officer. I know of no one better qualified for this peculiar service than he. If it is the intention of the Government to raise colored troops in Missouri I hope Colonel Pile will be permitted to continue what he has so well begun.

You are aware, general, that this is a matter of no little delicacy and one which in unscrupulous hands might give rise to great difficulty. It is for this reason that I am desirous that the present arrangement be not disturbed. I cannot doubt but Colonel Pile is correct in his understanding of your verbal instructions in this matter, which, owing to your severe illness, may have escaped your memory. Permit me to add, general, that it will be my pleasure to assist you so far as in my power to carry out the wishes of the Government in this as in other matters, and to express the earnest hope that you may soon be restored to perfect health.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 10, 1863.

GOVERNOR OF NEW JERSEY,

Trenton, N. J.:

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that the Department will accept from your State additional volunteers, infantry and cavalry, to serve for three years or during the war. All regiments you may offer will be accepted, this under the condition that not more than five regiments of infantry and two regiments of cavalry are to be under recruitment at one time.

In conducting the recruitment the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 75, series of 1862, from the War Department, in connection with paragraph 86, of Revised Mustering Regulations, will be observed.

The organization of the respective regiments will be governed by General Orders, Numbers 110, current series, from the Adjutant- General's Office. In recruiting the cavalry regiments the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 105, series of 1862, must be met.

In addition to the foregoing, and to the end that the Department may be at all times fully advised as to the state of the service, it is desired that the names of all persons you may authorize to recruit (under General Orders, Numbers 75) may be reported to this office so soon as the appointments are issued, and that you will report at least once a month the location where the officers are recruiting, the number of men recruited for each regiment, and the probable time when any one regiment will be completed and in readiness for the formal muster into service by the U. S. mustering officer of the State.

Recruits for regiments in the field will also be received; this under paragraphs 3 and 4 of General Orders, Numbers 88, of 1862. All men mustered into the service under this authority will be duly credited to your State in case of a draft being ordered.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

