
brought away, and it is now here very heavily loaded. The guard who had been posted outside by that window, on the cry of "Marshal! Marshal!" had left their position and so gave Bressler the chance which he used to escape. Gane afterward heard Bressler's wife tell her daughter, in German, that he was gone to Tremont, a small town about four miles south from there.

Our party being satisfied that Bressler was gone, went on and without any difficulty arrested the two Stutzmans.

On their way back, when coming up the mountain and about two miles and a half from Bressler's, at a sharp turn in the road, they met Bressler himself on horseback coming from Tremont. Israel Stutzman, one of the arrested men, who was along, and is a neighbor of his, and was sitting alongside the driver of the foremost carriage, said it was Bressler. It was about 3 o"clock in the morning and cloudy. Gane jumped from his carriage window and all but caught him. Gane ran after him down the mountain, the guard following. Gane called him by name and told him to stop, and that he "had a warrant for him." Sergeant Parks ordered him four times to halt, and, as he did not halt, fired his revolver after him twice. They gained upon him as long as the road descended, which t as soon as Bressler came to where the road was somewhat level, away he went beyond their reach and they stopped pursuing.

If our men had been mounted they could easily have captured him. Bressler was riding his brother's (Solomon Bressler) horse, and 	he seems thus to have gone to his brother's, who lives near him, and taken his brother's horse when he escaped, and gone to Tremont with it. Our men did not then go back to Bressler's house to take him, and I have not up to this time done anything further toward arresting him.

The two Stutzmans were brought to my quarters. I had a locomotive here with steam up ready to take them at once beyond the reach of habeas corpus from the bench here on the way to the U. S. marshal in Philadelphia. The principal man, however, was not brought in, and these two were really not of an offensive spirit at least, and censured instead of upholding Bressler's conduct toward the enrolling officer. I therefore bound them by their honor and in the sum of $1,000 each (ostensibly) to appear here whenever I want them and then let them go home. The man Reed was wounded in the arm; how badly I do not know. Sergeant Parks tells me that the man at the door dropped the rifle when he fired and was wounded in the arm. He also tells me that he himself would surely have been shot by the rifle if he had not fired as he did.

I certainly would have myself avoided wounding anybody or even discharging firearms at all, if I had been present and could have done so. Gane tells me the firing was not done by his or anybody's else order. Still the occasion may have justified all that was done, and I am disposed to believe that it did.

The effort made to arrest Bressler and the result, even with all the circumstances, I am satisfied will tend, and strongly too, to smooth the enroller's way hereafter in this county. The public already canvass he whole, and those who are loyal regard it as an earnest that the provost-marshal's work here is to be done, and all

others manifest surprise.

The enrolling officer for that sub-district, Peter W. Kutz, was too much intimidated to go on with his work and resigned yesterday.

