
The Board immediately appointed another, Peter N. Snyder, in his place. The new enroller has gone to-day to begin, and with instructions to commence in the very Bressler neighborhood where the late assault was made, and to not desist until driven away by actual force, and if driven off, then to report immediately to me with all the facts.

Very respectfully, yours,

C. TOWER,

Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] LEWISTOWN, June 4, 1863.

Captain C. TOWER:

SIR: I was this day in the town of Newkirk to enroll the men of said place, but was driven away by them. I then look another man along to assist me, but found them determined to resist, and they did so by firing four shots at us with a revolving pistol. I think that it is useless to try to enroll them without having a strong force, for they swore that they would resist any man.

I hope you will not let them slide, but send me a force strong enough to enroll them.

Yours, truly,

JEREMIAH F. WERNER,

Enrolling Officer of the Seventh Sub-district of Schuylkill and Lebanon Counties.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] TAMAQUA, June 4, 1863.

C. TOWER, Esq.:

DEAR SIR: It is useless for J. F. Werner to undertake the finishing of the enrollment for the village of Newkirk, in Schuylkill Township. I was with him to-day as an assistant, but it was uncomfortably warm, as the Irish had congregated and, as we found, were determined to resist, and did by giving us four shots from a revolver (luckily none hitting us). I am at any time willing to assist your deputies, but think you will find it necessary to have more than one assistant, as the Irish are so leagued as to make it necessary to coerce them. If it is required to use force in making the enrollment, I am requested to say that Company E, One hundred and twenty-ninth Regiment, will render you all the assistance in their power.

Truly, yours,

W. K. JONES.

If you desire to make examples of any who choose to have resisted the enrollment, I give you the following names, and am willing at any time to appear against them:

Columbus McGee, Luke Scanlin, John Kelley, and Manus Burns, Newkirk, Schuylkill Township.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA, Schuylkill County:

Peter W. Kutz, of Eldred Township, in said Schuylkill County, being duly sworn, says: That he is enrolling officer for sub- district Numbers 23, comprising Hegins and Hubley Townships in said county, within the Tenth Congressional District of Pennsylvania, duly appointed under the act of Congress entitled "An act for enrolling and calling out the national forces and for other purposes," approved 3rd of

