
for their respective corps. The arms and accouterments may be sent with the men or not, as the corps commander deems best.

Officers and men on the rolls sent from the army corps in the Army of the Potomac and Department of Washington will report to Lieutenant Colonel Samuel McKelvey, at the Convalescent Camp, near Alexandria, Va.

Those on the rolls sent from the army corps under the command of Major-Generals Banks, Hunter, and Foster will report to Colonel R. Nugent, Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, and acting assistant provost-marshal-general at New York City.

Those on the rolls sent from the army corps under the command of Major-Generals Dix and Keyes will report to Colonel C. M. Prevost, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding depot camp at Harrisburg, Pa.

Those on the rolls sent from army corps in Kentucky and in the Department of the Cumberland will report to Major W. H. Sidell, at Louisville, Ky.

Those on the rolls sent from the army corps under the command of Major-Generals Grant and Schofied will report to Colonel E. B. Alexander, at Saint Louis, Mo.

Commanders of army corps will notify the Provost-Marshal-General, by the most expeditious means of communication, when detachments of invalids are directed to leave the corps in compliance with this order. The monthly returns of regimens and independent commands will state the number of officers and men transferred to the Invalid Corps, and corps commanders will consolidate and enter this information in their monthly returns to the Adjutant- General's Office.

Hereafter in giving discharges to officers and soldiers on account of disability, their discharge papers must always state whether at the time of discharge the officer or soldier was or was not physically suitable to enter or re-enlist in the Invalid Corps.

So much of General Orders, Numbers 105, from this Department, as forbids the "discharge of any man upon surgeon's certificate of disability why may be fit for service in the Invalid Corps" is so far modified as not to include officers.

5. That no commissioned officer in the Invalid Corps will receive a higher commission for the present than major. The claims to higher grades will be duly considered as the organization of the corps progresses.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTICE.] WAR DEPARTMENT, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 11, 1863.

The following will be published as a handbill, or notice, by every district provost-marshal, with such alterations as he may think particularly suited to his district, the object being to hasten and encourage enlistments in the Invalid Corps.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

MEN WANTED FOR THE INVALID CORPS.

Only those faithful soldiers, who, from wounds or he hardships of war, are no longer fit for active field duty will be received in this corps

22 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

