
of honor. Enlistments will be for three years unless sooner discharged. Pay and allowances same as for officers and men of the U. S. infantry; except that no premium or bounty for enlistments will be allowed. This will not invalidate any pensions or bounties which may be due for previous services.

The following uniform has been adopted for officers and men of the Invalid Corps:

For officers.-Frock coat: Of sky-blue cloth, with dark-blue velvet collar and cuffs; in all other respects, according to the present pattern for officers of infantry.

Shoulder straps: According to present regulations, but worked on dark-blue velvet.

Pantaloons: Of sky-blue cloth, with double stripe of dark-blue cloth down the outer seam, each stripe one-half inch wide, with space between of three-eighths of an inch.

Forage cap: present regulation.

For enlisted men.-Jacket: Of sky-blue kersey, with dark-blue trimmings, cut like the cavalry jacket, to come well down on the abdomen.

Trowsers: Present regulation, sky-blue.

Forage cap: Present regulation.

Men who are still in the service and unable to perform effective field duty may be transferred to this corps.

Medical inspectors, surgeons in charge of hospitals, military commanders, and all others having authority to discharge, under existing laws and regulations, are forbidden to grant discharges to any men under this control who may be fit for service in the Invalid Corps.

For the convenience of service the men will be selected for three grades of duty. Those who are most efficient and able-bodied and capable of performing guard duty, &amp;c., will be armed with muskets and assigned to companies of the First Battalion; those of the next degree of efficiency, including those who have lost a hand or an arm, and the least effective, including those who have lost a foot or leg, to the companies of the Second or Third Battalion. They will be armed with swords.

The duties will be chiefly to act as provost guards and garrisons for cities, guards for hospitals and other public buildings, and as clerks, orderlies, &c. If found necessary they may be assigned to forts, &c.

Acting assistant provost-marshals-general are authorized to appoint officers of the regular service, or of the Invalid Corps, to administer the oath of enlistment to those men who have completely fulfilled the prescribed conditions of admission to the Invalid Corps, viz:

1. That the applicant is unfit for service in the field.

2. That he is fit for the duties, or some of them, indicated above.

3. That, if not now in the service, he was honorably discharged.

4. That he is meritorious and deserving.

For enlistment or further information apply to the Board of Enrollment for the district in which the applicant is a resident.

STATE OF INDIANA, OFFICE ACTG. ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Indianapolis, June 11, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: I regret to inform you that two of the officers employed in carrying out the enrollment act were murdered yesterday in

