
The accounts for pay will be made on the forms furnished by the Pay Department.

IV. Accounts made out on any of the following forms, viz, 3 or 4, or 11 to 24, inclusive, must not be sent in the same envelope with returns and reports, but should be inclosed in a separate letter of transmittal, enumerating the accounts, and referring to no other subject.

Quarterly returns (Forms 7, 8, 9 and 10) are also to be sent each in a separate letter of transmittal, at the end of each quarter, viz, 30th June, 30th September, 31st December, and 31st March.

Envelopes inclosing the above accounts, and quarterly returns, should be indorsed. "Disbursements under the enrollment act." Vouchers (Forms Nos. 11 to 18) are to be indorsed on the first fold with the number, station, and date; the second or center fold must not be written upon.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR, WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 23. Washington, D. C., June 12, 1863.

I. Paragraph 28, page 6, Regulations for the Government of the Bureau of the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

Every possible effort must be made by the provost-marshal to secure the arrest of all deserters within his district. He shall see that they are securely held after arrest, and that all deserters arrested by other parties and presented to him, or at his headquarters, are promptly received and held in secure custody until delivered to the commanding officer of the nearest military post or station.

II. Paragraph 29, page 6, of the same regulations, is amended so as to read as follows:

A reward of $5 for the apprehension and delivery of a deserter to the nearest provost-marshal, or deputy provost-marshal, together with the expenses necessarily incurred in his delivery, will be paid by the nearest disbursing officer of the U. S. Quartermaster's Department. This reward is, of course, only due when the man presented is actually a deserter. It is, however, ordered that the provost-marshal shall decide whether he reward will be paid or withheld; and he is directed to permit as little delay as possible in making this decision, in order that persons who bring deserters may receive the reward promptly.

III. Paragraph 31, page 6, of same regulations, is amended so as to read as follows:

Provost-marshals shall keep books, in which they shall enter the descriptions of all deserters, spies, and other persons received as prisoners by them, with such dates and remarks as may be proper to complete, as far as practicable, the history of the arrest and of the man. They shall also keep such other books as may be necessary to preserve a complete history of their correspondence and business. Provost-marshals will purchase these books and forward the accounts to the Provost-Marshal-General for payment, as hereinafter provided.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

