
PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, TENTH DISTRICT OF PA.,

Pottsville, June 12, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Prov. March General of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: Lat night the court of common pleas of Schuylkill County, now in session here, upon a batch of affidavits detailing circumstances connected with the arrest of Abraham Bressler on the 9th instant, issued a bench warrant against Deputy Gane, Special Assistant James Bowen, and four of the guard who were along, describing but not naming them. To-day I understand another bench warrant was issued against the two drivers of our carriages. The sheriff arrested Gane lane this afternoon and the court held him to bail in the sum of $5,000 to appear for a hearing at 10 o"clock next Monday morning. The others will doubtless be arrested - all of them who can be - to-morrow. I need legal aid in this emergency, and I have called on Christopher Loeser, esq., and Honorable James H. Campbell to give it. I shall be pleased to have your approval of my doing so in he bald of the Government. Lieutenant John K. Broker has to-day been relieved of his duties here and ordered to return to Philadelphia with thirteen of the men he brought up, leaving Sergeant Parks and six men still here. He goes down with the thirteen men to-morrow morning. The small guard left here will not enable me to make any arrests if I should have occasion to. The Governor of Pennsylvania has intrusted 200 muskets to the country commissioners of Schuylkill County, and they had put them into the hands of two volunteer companies in this town. Day before yesterday one of the commissioners notified the captains of those companies to return the muskets. If returned, they are put into the custody of the sheriff of the county. Two of the three commissioners and the sheriff oppose the Government and the war. The third commissioner, who is thoroughly loyal, told me this afternoon that this recall of arms was not done by a resolution of the commissioners and had been without his knowledge.

It may be proper for me to tell you also that the presiding judge and the two associates of this court all rabidly appose the war. The presiding judge rejoiced over Banks" retreat up the Valley of the Shenandoah and sorrowed publicly over the death of Stonewall Jackson. With all these adverse sympathies and authorities we are prepared here to see heavy bail required and for almost any other conduct, and we may be overborne in any sudden outbreak.

I shall look for Captain Wren to aid me when he comes home with authority to raise a cavalry company, and as soon as he can. I will tell you further now much I may expect from him as soon as he gets here.

Very respectfully, yours,

C. TOWER,

Provost-Marshal.
HDQRS. PROVOST-MARSHAL, TWENTY-FOURTH DIST. OF PA.,New Brighton, June 12, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General of the United States:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report as to trouble in Greene County, of this district, as you are already advised. On the 55th instant I received information of resistance being made to the

