
could be spared and referred to the U. S. officer in command at Harper's Ferry. To order troops from either Baltimore or Harper's Ferry to Bedford County, especially mounted men, would consume probably two days and a half, if not three, and I take it that it is desirable that the enrollment should not be delayed even for that length of time to await the arrival of a military force. I have consequently directed my deputy to require all enrollers inclined to desist to proceed, and authorized him to call upon citizens for a posse comitatus to protect them at their work and aid in arresting persons who have resisted and assisted to resistance of the enrollment. He is instructed to report to me the names of such citizens as are called upon and refuse to give their services. I have called into requisition the assistance of the sheriff in that county, and have asked prominent gentlemen to aid by their counsel and influence in the execution of the order.

You have been advised that the resistance takes the shape of intimidation by secret incendiarism and attempted assassination, If the effort to procure citizen guards fails, which is not improbable, you will please advise me from what quarter to order troops.

GEO. EYSTER,

Provost-Marshal Sixteenth District of Pennsylvania.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 13, 1863.

Captain GEORGE EYSTER,

Provost-Marshal Sixteenth District, Chambersburg, Pa.:

Commanding officer at Carlisle is ordered to fill your call for thirty men when required. If you need them apply to him. Call in person upon General Couch, commanding department, and in case you want help at any time apply to him.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 13, 1863.

Messrs. BARNEY, BUTLER &amp; PARSONS,

Counselors-at-Law, Trinity Building,

111 Broadway, New York City:

GENTLEMEN: I am directed by the Provost-Marshal-General to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 11th instant to . C. Turner, judge-advocate, and by him referred to this office, and to say in reply to your question in regard to persons deserting the rebel army being drafted, that all such persons within the prescribed ages are to be enrolled in the same manner as any other citizen of the United States; but if drafted, as their is danger of their being hung if taken prisoners, military service against the rebels will not be required of them. They will be either assigned to some other military service or be discharged.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

23 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

