
PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 13, 1863.

Colonel CONRAD BAKER,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Indianapolis, Ind.:

I hope you will secure the arrest of all the quilt in the Rush County affair. Keep the military there until the enrollment is completed, and in case of resistance elsewhere to likewise, even though it should necessitate the enrollment of or draft in but one district at a time.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, June 13, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY:

All the men against whom there is any evidence arrested. Enrollment completed in that sub-district. Military ordered back. Arrested sixteen yesterday in Johnson County for obstructing enrollment officers. All turned over to civil authorities and process issued. A band of men captured an enrolling officer on Thursday in Fulton County and took his papers from him. An expedition starts immediately to that county to make arrests and protect enrolling officers.

CONRAD BAKER,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

STATE OF INDIANA,

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Indianapolis, June 13, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: Your telegram of this date was received, and although I replied thereto by telegraph immediately, I beg leave to add a few words by mail. Your directions as to the employment of the military will be strictly observed. I have frequent interviews with Governor Morton and with Brigadier-General Willcox as to the difficulties that have occurred and that may be apprehended in enforcing the enrollment act, and there is entire unity of opinion as to the course to be pursued and harmony of action in carrying out the measures adopted. The policy is to execute the laws, if possible, without a conflict; to act so prudently that if a collision shall occur there shall be no pretext for saying that it was provoked by the representatives of the Government, and in such an event to vindicate the authority of the Government at all hazards.

I regret to say that the Democratic gentlemen who promised to address the people through the press in favor of submission to law have not kept their promises, and I fear they will not. They fear their own party friends, and I think are apprehensive that obedience to law is a doctrine to preach which might impair their party standing. The nomination of Vallandigham in Ohio has, I think, increased their doubts. I have sent a force of 100 men under prudent officers to report to the provost-marshal of the Ninth District to aid in arresting the men in Fulton County who on Thursday captured one of the enrolling officers and took his papers from him. I have just received

