
a telegram from one of my inspecting officers saying that the party of men who committed this outrage was not large, and that no personal injury was done to the officer. A few days ago one of the enrolling officers was driven out of his sub-district in Johnson County, and came and reported the facts to me. I took his affidavit, had process issued, obtained a detail of forty cavalrymen, directed the provost-marshal to go with them, and got the marshal of this district to send a deputy along with the writs for the arrest of the two men who had obstructed the enrolling officer. One of the men was arrested, the other escaping, but they arrested sixteen others, who were assembled and most of them armed for resistance. Affidavits have been filed against the whole party, and they are now in the hands of the civil authorities. I understand one of the offenders has divulged the facts, and that it is a clear case of conspiracy to resist the Government authorities. I hope you will pardon me, colonel, for again asking about the alphabetical arrangement of the consolidated lists, as some of the boards are delaying for want of certain information as to what is desired. Is it to be an alphabetical arrangement throughout the entire Congressional district, or is the consolidated list of each sub-district to be sparely arranged in alphabetical order?

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CONRAD BAKER,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

P. S. - I inclose a copy of the report of the provost-marshal of Fourth District made to General Willcox, at his request, of the expedition to Rush County.

[Inclosure.]

STATE OF INDIANA,

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL FOURTH DISTRICT,

Greensburg, June 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General WILLCOX,

Commanding, &amp;c., Indianapolis:

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the expedition sent at my request to Rush County on the evening of the 10th instant:

After reaching Shelbyville it was concluded to go up the Rushville railroad to the town of Manilla, some twelve miles from Shelbyville and two miles and a half from the scene of the late murder. We arrived safely at Manilla at 4 a. m. on the 11th instant, and here left and discharged the train. The men marched from Manila to Homer, one mile distant; here the infantry was posted. The cavalry was divided into two squads, after dispatching a small party toward Saint Paul, on the Indianapolis and Cincinnati Railroad, to open communication and to bring up rations.

One of the cavalry squads then proceeded with each of the enrolling officers to protect them in the performance of their duties, and to arrest persons resisting the enrollment, and those suspected of the late murder of John F. Stephens. That part of the cavalry under the immediate command of Lieutenant-Colonel Matson made the arrest of the following-named persons, to wit: James V. Hilligoss, Isaac Hilligoss, and Sylvester Hilligoss, charged with resisting the enrolling

