
officer and other officers engaged in enforcing the enrollment act, and with the murder of John F. Stephens, deputy provost- marshal, and the mortally wounding of Richard M. Craycraft, special agent of provost-marshal. The enrolling officers completed the enrollment without meeting with any resistance. The behavior of the officers and men was admirable, and I take pleasure in testifying that I have never been associated with a more orderly and efficient body of men.

I left Homer yesterday at 2 p. m. and everything was quiet. In my opinion there is no necessity for a longer presence of the troops in that locality.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. McQUISTON,

Provost-Marshal.

LOUISVILLE, KY., June 13, 1863.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PILE,

Thirty-third Regiment Missouri Vols., Saint Louis:

SIR: I have received your communication of the 10th instant respecting raising negro troops in Missouri. With the approbation of Major General J. M. Schofield, I gave my consent to your raising regiments according to our original understanding.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 13, 1863.

His Excellency DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio, Columbus:

You are authorized to increase the Governor's Guard to a full regiment at your discretion. The detail of Colonel Wallace is approved.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[JUNE 13, 1863.- For correspondence relating to calling out the militia of Pennsylvania, see Curtin to Halleck, and Halleck to Curtin, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 97.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PENNSYLVANIA MILITIA, Numbers 42. Harrisburg, June 13, 1863.

Whereas, information has been received from the War Department "that the State will receive credit for all enlistments of colored men who may be mustered into the U. S. service as Pennsylvania troops under the authority of the War Department, and that no credit can be allowed for individuals who leave the State and are mustered into organizations elsewhere," it is ordered-

I. All persons are prohibited from raising colored volunteers in Pennsylvania otherwise than under the authority of the War Department to recruit in Pennsylvania.

II. The people of color in Pennsylvania are forbidden to enlist or attach themselves to any organizations of colored volunteers to be furnished from other States.

