
III. All magistrates, district attorneys, and officers of the Commonwealth are required to arrest and prosecute all persons who shall disobey this general order, and particularly all persons, their aiders and abettors, who, under any pretended authority, shall enlist colored volunteers for any brigade, regiment, battery, or company to be furnished from other States, or shall advertise and open or keep recruiting stations for such enlistments, excepting under the authority of the War Department to recruit in Pennsylvania, so that such offenders may be brought to justice.

By order of A. G. Curtin, Governor and commander-in-chief:

A. L. RUSSELL,

Adjutant-General of Pennsylvania.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 13, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. V. BOMFORD,

Sixteenth Infty., A. A. P. M. G. for Pa., Harrisburg, Pa.:

SIR: I am directed by the Provost-Marshal-General to inclose herewith copy of a letter from Captain Samuel Yohe, provost- marshal Eleventh District of Pennsylvania, and to say that you will take such action upon it as will be most beneficial in accomplishing the enrollment, and when such action has been taken you will report the facts to this office.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

ELEVENTH DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Easton, Pa., June 11, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: The enrollment is progressing slowly and regularly in almost all districts. In several districts it has so far been impossible to obtain any one to undertake the enrollment. In one district in Monroe County a party resisted the officer and compelled him to retire. He reported the fact to me. I immediately summoned a posse of men and accompanied them to the place, but did not succeed in arresting any of them. They were informed of our purpose and secreted themselves.

The enrolling officer for a district in this county was unable to proceed, and finally refused to act. I have just returned from there, and have been unable to procure any one to undertake it.

The people in that district are defiant - so much so as to frighten any who feel disposed to undertake it. What is to be done in those cases? It is necessary for me to have a guard and assistants to prosecute the duties of this office. I have, under that necessity, appointed four men, who are constantly employed. I sent ten men to Monroe County to arrest a deserter, which they accomplished. They were overpowered by a band of men, armed, and compelled to release him. They are part of an organized society in the county to resist the conscript act. What is to be done in such case?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL YOHE,

Provost-Marshal Eleventh District of Pennsylvania.

