
aside this call upon many municipalities. One town, for instance, has furnished forty men for nine-months" service, paying them $200 bounty each. Another town with the same population has sent but ten men, paying them perhaps but $50 bounty each. These ten have enlisted out of their nine-months" regiment for three years, as they were permitted to do. The new apportionment will find no deficiency to charge to the town furnishing but ten, and a like number will now be required anew from each, while, by the operations of your rules, one town has thirty less men to draft from than the other and has paid sixteen times as much for bounties. The complaint will be, not that they have expended so much unavailingly for bounties, but that they were not reasonably apprised of this mode of crediting men, which, had they been aware of, they could as readily have obtained men for three years of for nine months.

After the quotas of some cities and towns were fully many of their citizens, tempted by liberal bounties, enlisted for other places. Both will now insist upon the credit for those men, and they do so already, the one because by the payment of bounties it has made them virtually its own citizens or soldiers.

Did space permit I would add new classes of cases without number, which if allowed would exonerate three-fourths of the towns and cities in this State from furnishing another man in a call for less than 20,000 troops. The best and only course that I can see, in view of the Government's emergency, will be to doom each Congressional district a certain number of troops, based upon the able-bodied men of the first class as shown by the enrollments, leaving for a future call and another day the adjustment of deficiencies, which will require three months certainly to figure out.

Most truly, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. HODSDON,

Adjutant-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 14, 1863.

Captain T. C. J. BAILEY,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, Augusta, Me.:

Is everything being done in your State that it is in your power to do to hasten the enrollment and the creation of the Invalid Corps? No time must be lost. Can you make any suggestion to me which will hasten the accomplishment of these objects? Answer.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Same to all other acting assistant provost-marshal-generals.)

[JUNE 14, 1863.- For Schofield to Gamble, asking for four additional regiments of militia for thirty days, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p. 318.]

[JUNE 14, 1863.- For correspondence relating to raising troops in Pennsylvania, see Stanton to Couch; Scott to Stanton; Curtin to Stanton; Scott to Stanton; Stanton to Scott; Curtin to Lincoln; Halleck to Brooks, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, pp. 111-113.]

