
NEW YORK, June 14, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

All has been done that was possible toward completing the enrollment. Some of the sub-districts will be completed this week, while in others, especially the more sparsely inhabited ones, covering much ground and requiring more time to go over, cannot be completed before the week after-say First, Second, and Ninth Districts. One great obstacle existing is and has been the want of blanks, in some cases causing a suspension of the work. If this difficulty can be remedied and the required supply immediately forwarded, putting on an additional force, the work can be completed at any date which you may name. I have called the marshals together to-morrow morning for the purpose of again urging upon them the necessity of using all diligence in the matter. The enlistment in the Invalid Corps has thus far been slow, but the men are now coming in more readily. Every effort in my power has been adopted to give notoriety to the subject. Additional publicity is doubtless needed, and this can best be obtained by adopting the suggestion in confidential circular of 11th instant, and adding to the list of newspapers - say Herald and Sun.

ROBERT HUGENT,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, June 14, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY:

I am doing everything to push the enrollment to a completion as speedily as possible, and have in correct. The separate lists required of men now in service seem to have confused the work in some parts. Not much progress in the Invalid Corps. Think if a few officers were commissioned and sent out to recruit it might help.

E. A. PARROTT,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVIDENCE, June 14, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Enrollment progressing rapidly. Will urge forward its completion. But little interest shown in Invalid Corps until within two days. Will answer fully by letter.

W. SILVEY,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, the armed insurrectionary combinations now existing in several of the States are threatening to make inroads into the States of Maryland, Western Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, requiring

