
immediately and additional military force for the service of the United States;

Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, and Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy thereof, and of the militia of the several States when called into actual service, do hereby call into the service of the United States 100,000 militia from the States following, namely: From the State of Maryland, 10,000; from the State of Pennsylvania, 50,000; from the State of Ohio, 30,000; from the State of West Virginia, 10,000, to be mustered into the service of the United States forthwith, and to serve for the period of six months from the date of such muster into said service, unless owner discharged; to be mustered in as infantry, artillery, and cavalry in proportions which will be made known through the War Department, which Department will also designate the several places of rendezvous. These militia to be organized according to the rules and regulations of the volunteer service, and such orders as may hereafter be issued. The States aforesaid will be respectively credited under the enrollment act, for the militia services rendered under this proclamation.

In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand, and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this fifteenth day of June, in the year of our Lord eighteen hundred and sixty-three and of the independence of the United States, the eighty-seventh.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 15, 1863.

Major GEORGE L. STEARNS,

A. A. G., U. S. Vols., Continental Hotel, Philadelphia, Pa.:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to direct you to confine your recruiting operations to the sea-board States for the present, or until the return of Adjutant-General Thomas from the West. The reasons for this course are so evident that explanation is unnecessary.

I shall be ready in a day or two to remit you $5,000, to be used as a recruiting fund. Please inform me promptly of any change in your address.

I would also respectfully call your attention to the necessity of giving prompt information in regard to the assembling of recruits, the time, place, and probable number, and the number of officers you think necessary to take charge of them, with any other facts you may consider important.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SMYRNA, DEL., June 15, 1863-12 m.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Every effort is being made for a speedy enrollment of this State. I judge the work is about one-third done, and hope to complete it by

