
1st of July. Applicants for the Invalid Corps come in slowly. Have posted the State with handbills referring to that corps. Have met with some resistance. Several enrolling officers have been deterred by anonymous letters. The house of one was assaulted last Thursday night and some fifteen shots fired at it. I went down on Friday night with such force as I could command and arrested eight persons suspected. I am now on my way to the lower part of the State on similar errand. Will return Tuesday night or Wednesday and will then write you more fully. I need more deputies, or special agents, and more military force subject to my orders, and also need a recruiting officer for Invalid Corps and mustering and disbursing officer for cavalry. Shall I appoint, or will you detail such officers?

EDWIN WILMER,

Provost-Marshal.

[JUNE 15, 1863.- For Stanton to Governors of Wisconsin, Minnesota, New Jersey, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, New Hampshire, Vermont, Maine, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts, relating to the President's call for 100,000 militia for six months, see Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 137.]

[JUNE 15, 1863.- For correspondence relating to raising troops in Connecticut, see Buckingham to Stanton; Stanton to Buckingham, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 142.]

[JUNE 15, 1863.- For correspondence relating to raising troops in Illinois, see Yates to Stanton, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 140.]

[JUNE 15, 1863.- For correspondence relating to raising troops in Iowa, see Hall to Stanton, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 141.]

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

June 15, 1863.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF MARYLAND,

Annapolis:

Under the President's proclamation of this date calling for 100,000 militia the quota from your State is proportioned among the different arms of service as follows: Eight regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, two batteries of artillery. The organizations must be of the maximum strength, but they will be mustered into the U. S. service when they are full to the minimum, and then filled to the maximum.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Same to Governor of West Virginia, Wheeling.)

