
[JUNE 15, 1863.- For correspondence relating to raising troops in New Jersey, see Parker to Stanton, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 164.]

[JUNE 15, 1863.- For correspondence relating to raising troops in New York, see Stanton to Seymour; Seymour to Stanton; Stanton to Seymour; Sandford to Stanton; Stanton to Sandford; Seymour to Stanton; Stanton to Seymour; Morgan to Lincoln, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, pp. 138-141.]

WAR DEP., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

June 15, 1863.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF OHIO,

Columbus:

Under the President's proclamation of this date calling for 100,000 militia the quota from your State is proportioned among the different arms of service as follows: Twenty-five regiments of infantry, three regiments of cavalry, three batteries of artillery. The organizations must be of the maximum strength, but they will be mustered into the U. S. service when they are full to the minimum, and then filled to the maximum.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[JUNE 15, 1863.- For correspondence relating to raising troops in Ohio, see Tod to Stanton; Stanton to Tod; Tod to Cox, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, pp. 140-144.]

MEN OF OHIO TO THE RESCUE!

STATE OF OHIO, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, Ohio, June 15, 1863.

TO THE PEOPLE OF OHIO:

Lee's rebel army is advancing in force upon Pennsylvania, Western Virginia, and the eastern portion of our own State. To meet this horde of rebels the President of the United States has be proclamation called out 100,000 militia for the period of six months, unless sooner discharged. Of this force 30,000 are called from Ohio, and now, gallant men of Ohio, will you promptly respond to this necessary call without hesitancy? I have assured the President that you would do so. Remember that our own sacred homes are threatened with pillage and destruction and our wives and daughters with insults. To the rescue then at once, and thus save all that is dear to man. As we have but few, if any, regularly organized companies of volunteer militia, I can but invite and implore you to duty. The few companies which have been recently organized are requested to repair at once with their entire force to the camps hereinafter indicated. All others will go forward in squads and be organized into companies after their arrival in camp, for which purpose efficient officers will be designated.

