
Railroad transportation has been duly provided, and every provision necessary for the comfort of the men after their arrival in camp.

A reasonable allowance will be made to each volunteer for his subsistence when en route to the camp. The pay and allowance for clothing will be the same as that of the volunteer service. Should more respond than the Government requires, the surplus men will be returned to their homes free of all expense to themselves, with the regular pay for the period necessarily absent.

I have now but to designate the camps of rendezvous for the several counties, to wit:

At Camp Dennison, for all who may respond from the counties of Hamilton, Butler, Preble, Darke, Miami, Montgomery, Warren, Greene, Clinton, Clermont, Brown, Adams, Highland, RoMarietta, for Lawrence, Gallia, Jackson, Meigs, Vinton, Athens, Washington, Monroe, Noble, Morgan, and Hocking.

At Camp Chase, for Franklin, Pickaway, Fairfield, Fayette, Madison, Clark, Perry, Muskingum, Guernsey, Coshocton, Licking, Knox, Delaware, Union, Champaign, Logan, Shelby, Morrow, Marion, Mercer, Carroll, Harrison, Tuscarawas, and Auglaize.

At Camp Cleveland, for Cuyahoga, Medina, Lorain, Ashland, Wayne, Holmes, Richland, Crawford, Hardin, Hancock, Putnam, Allen, Van Wert, Paulding, Williams, Defiance, Fulton, Wood, Lucas, Ottowa, Sandusky, Seneca, Erie, Huron, Lake, Ashtabula, Geauga, Trumbull, Mahoning, Portage, Summit, and Stark.

At Camp Pittsburg, in the city of Pittsburg, for Columbiana, Jefferson, and Belmont.

The military committees of the several counties are especially requested to exert themselves in securing a prompt response to this call. The troops will all be organized into regiments and well armed before being ordered into service.

And now, fellow-citizens of the State, in the name and behalf of the best Government on earth, let me implore you to lay aside all other duties and obligations and come forward promptly and cheerfully for the preservation of all that is dear to us. You will thus secure the gratitude of your children's children, and the smiles and blessings of Heaven.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 15, 1863.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Under the President's proclamation of this date calling for 100,000 militia the quota from your State is proportioned among the different arms of service as follows: Forty-tow regiments of infantry, five regiments of cavalry, seven batteries of artillery. The organizations must be of the maximum strength, but they will be mustered into the U. S. service when they are full to the minimum, and then filled to the maximum.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

