
[JUNE 15, 1863.- For proclamation of Governor Curtin calling upon the people of Pennsylvania for 50,000 men, See Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 145.]

[JUNE 15, 1863.- For correspondence relating to organization of volunteers and militia in Pennsylvania, see Couch to Stanton; Stanton to Couch; Couch to Stanton; Stanton to Brooks; Scott to Curtin; Curtin to Scott; Scott to Howe; Scott to Curtin; Cameron to Lincoln; Stanon to Cameron; Cass to Stanton; Curtin to Stanton, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, pp. 131-144.]

[JUNE 15, 1863.- For correspondence relating to raising troops in Rhode Island, see Smith to Stanton; Stanton to Smith, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 142.]

[JUNE 15, 1863.- For correspondence relating to raising troops in Vermont, see Holbrook to Stanton, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 143.]

HARTFORD, June 15, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY:

Enrollment in two of the four district will be completed about the middle of next week.

D. D. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., June 15, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Am pushing the work in all its branches as rapidly as possible. Delay is caused chiefly for want of some of the blanks. Please have complete sets forwarded soon as possible. Have one inspector out. Will send another in a few days. Would suggest that district provost-marshals be immediately instructed to call attention by advertising in local papers and by posters to Invalid Corps.

JAS. OAKES,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, June 15, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Everything possible is being done. I have had no officers to assist me until within the last few days. Now have three, two of whom reported yesterday. I visited the headquarters of seven of the districts personally, and an inspecting officer is now visiting the others. No blanks for Invalid Corps were received until Saturday. No time shall be lost. Would like to have Colonel Dunham, Fiftieth Indiana Regiment, who is here unfit for field duty, to assist me temporarily.

CONRAD BAKER.

