
LOUISVILLE, June 15, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Have been only four days in Louisville, and cannot report definitely. Am laboring hard to accomplish everything. Details of officers and men [to] help me must be authorized from Cincinnati, as no Invalid officers are yet appointed. Enrollment proceeding favorably so far as I hear, but some important points will soon be referred to you.

W. H. SIDELL,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

AUGUSTA, ME., June 15, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Everything has been done under the peculiar circumstances of the case to hasten creation of Invalid Corps. Would respectfully ask permission to detail several volunteer officers as recruiting parties for Invalid Corps for the several district will some officers are appointed for this corps.

THOS. C. J. BAILEY,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

BOSTON, June 15, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I think everything goes on as well as it can be done, i. e., in the districts general. I would suggest that you send me officers of Invalid Corps to enlist and take charge of men, quartermaster and company responsibility, &amp;c. The number of applications are yet small for this corps. A competent officer to take charge of camp was mentioned by letter. He is much needed.

F. N. CLARKE,

Major, Fifth Artillery.

DETROIT, June 15, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Everything is being done possible by me to hasten the enrollment and creation of the Invalid Corps. Provost-marshal have not sent andy applicants for the Invalid Corps, owing to the want of the prescribed blanks for the certificates of enrollment boards. Surgeon Tripler is in want of blanks prescribed for examination of men in hospital. There has been no trouble reported in making the enrollment so far. There should be a supply of enrolling blanks sent to me to provide for unforeseen wants.

B. H. HILL,

Major, Second Artillery, Act. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

TRENTON, June 15, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY:

Dispatch received. Every one is busily engaged and I shall hasten as much as possible. I hope to finish by the 25th. I will write further.

ROBT. C. BUCHANAN,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

