
Please let the company of infantry which is to report to me be attended with quartermaster and full supplies and tents, and come quick.

C. TOWER,

Provost-Marshal.

HARRISBURG, June 16, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Chambersburg was occupied last night by the enemy's cavalry. I have come here to avoid capture. My office effects and military equipments have been brought away in safety. The work of enrollment will necessarily be retarded.

GEO. EYSTER,

Provost-Marshal.

[JUNE 16, 1863.- For proclamation of Governor Curtin, of Pennsylvania, calling the people to the defense of the State, see Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 169.]

[JUNE 16, 1863.- For correspondence relating to raising troops in Pennsylvania, see Stanton to Couch; Stanton to Brooks; Couch to Stanton; Stanton to Curtin; Burnside to Brooks; Stanton to Brooks; Stanton to Curtin, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, pp. 162-167.]

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 16, 1863.

GOVERNOR OF RHODE ISLAND,

Providence, R. I.:

SIR: I am directed by the Secretary of War to inform you that the Department will accept from your State additional volunteers- infantry-to serve for three years or during the war. All regiments you may offer will be accepted; this under condition that not more than two regiments of infantry are to be under recruitment at one time. In conducting the recruitment the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 75, series of the 1862, from the War Department, in connection with paragraph 86, of the Revised Mustering Regulations, will be observed. The organization of the respective regiments will be governed by General Orders, Numbers 110, current series, from the Adjutant-General's Office. In addition to the foregoing and to the end that the Department may be at all times fully advised as to the state of the service, it is desired that the names of all persons you may authorize to recruit (under General Orders, Numbers 75) may be reported to this office so soon as the appointments are issued, and that you will report at least once a month the localities where the officers are recruiting, the number of men recruited for each regiment, and the probable time when any one regiment will be completed and in readiness for the formal muster into service by the U. S. mustering officer of the State. Recruits for regiments in the field will also be received; this under paragraphs 3 and 4,

