
of General Orders, Numbers 88, of 1862. All men mustered into the service under this authority will be duly credited to your State in case of draft being ordered. As to bounties, &amp;c., please see copy of General Orders, Numbers 163, from the Adjutant-General's Office, herewith.*

I am, sir, &c.,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[JUNE 16, 1863.- For correspondence relating to raising troops in West Virginia, see Peirpoint to Stanton, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 167.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 178. Washington, June 17, 1863.

Major George L. Stearns, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby announced as recruiting commissioner for the U. S. colored troops, subject to such instructions as he may from time to time receive from the Secretary of War.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 17, 1863.

GOVERNOR OF MAINE,

Augusta, Me.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized by the Secretary of War to reorganize the Second and Tenth Regiment of Volunteers from your State, to serve for three years or during the war, under the following conditions:

First. All enlisted men who, immediately upon the promulgation of this authorization by you, re-enter the service for the period aforesaid, will be mustered in as of the date immediately subsequent to their muster out, and their payments will begin at said date.

Second. The colonels, their respective staffs, and such company officers as you may wish to recommission in the reorganized regiments, will be remustered into service so as to retain the rank they respectively held at the date they were mustered out and relieved from their former service. They will be paid from the date which the new muster is made.

Third. The three-years" men formerly in the regiment in question and now in service will be restored to the reorganized regiments so soon as they again take the field.

Fourth. To fill the regiments to the maximum, volunteers for three years or during the war will be received.

Fifth. Officers who did not belong to the regiments at the time they were mustered out will, when duly commissioned, be mustered into service in accordance with the requirements of paragraph 86, mustering regulations, and all musters of enlisted men not specially referred to herein will be made in strict accordance with the said regulations.

---------------

*See p. 250.

---------------

