
Sixth. Bounties, advanced pay, &amp;c., will be paid in accordance with the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 163, current series, from the Adjutant-General's Office, copy herewith.* To prevent all conflict as to term of service and pay, a copy of this authority must be filed with the new muster-in rolls of the regiments.

The Government barracks at Bangor and Portland may be used for conditions one and two may not be made to the officers and men until the regiment has left, or is under orders to leave, the State, this depending on circumstances which may then exist.

I have the honor, &c.,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Copy for Captain Bailey, mustering officer, Augusta, Me.)

STATE OF INDIANA,

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Indianapolis, June 17, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: On the 15th instant, at Whitestown, Boone County, Eighth District, a mob of some twenty-five or thirty men surrounded the enrolling officer of that sub-district and caused the women of the town to assail him with eggs. The facts were reported to me yesterday, and I immediately prepared affidavits against all the men whose names could be procured. Had process issued against five of the principal offenders and placed in the hands of the U. S. marshal for this district. I then procured a detail of fifty infantry, properly officered, from General Willcox, commander of this district, and sent the provost-marshal of the Eighth District to Boone County in charge of the expedition, a deputy U. S. marshal accompanying the expedition with the writs. The provost-marshal was instructed to arrest all the offenders for whom writs had not been procured and to aid the deputy U. S. marshal in arresting those named in the writs.

The expedition started by railroad at 8 o"clock last night and went on with the train a mile or more beyond Whitestown, when they left the train and remained until 4 o"clock this morning, when they surrounded the town and arrested four of those against whom writs had issued and eleven others who had participated in the outrage on the enrolling officer. One of the five against whom writs had issued escaped and was fired upon when escaping, but without effect.

Before the military arrived and during nearly the whole of yesterday there were at Whitestown an assemblage of from 100 to 125 men, chiefly armed, who it was supposed were assembled to resist the making of arrests. They all dispersed, however, during the night, after the cars had passed and before the arrests were made.

The provost-marshal and the officer in command of the military acted with good judgment in performing their duties and I think these arrests will quiet that neighborhood.

The parties arrested are in the hands of the civil authorities.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CONRAD BAKER,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

---------------

*See p. 250.

---------------

