
been done be calling upon towns to furnish their quota of the whole number sent to the State by the General Government. It would seem to be proper that the same course should be pursued by the U. S. authorities.

I am, with high regard, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK HOLBROOK,

Governor of Vermont.

[Inclosure.]

STATE OF VERMONT,

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Woodstock, June 16, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: If a draft under the act of Congress should be ordered in this State I have the honor to request that the several provost- marshals may be directed to draft by towns, and in apportioning to each town its quota, to consider the number of men theretofore furnished by each town and give credits or charge deficiencies accordingly. I consider it of the greatest consequence that this direction should be given. In this State each town is a municipality in itself, having rights distinct and well defined by statute law. Counties are made arbitrarily from towns, and Congressional districts from counties, without municipal rights. In raising troops heretofore in this State, quotas have been assigned to towns; each town has raised its quota in its own way- some by the payment of heavy bounties. Many towns have by the payment of such bounties raised more than their quotas; and the town officers have been constantly assured that they should be allowed upon future calls the credit thus gained. If the draft should be by may be taken from towns now largely in excess of their quotas on former calls. The faith of the State is pledged in this respect; and if any other course is taken it will produce much dissatisfaction and consequent mischief.

The records in this office show accurately the quota of each town heretofore and the number of men raised by each town. These numbers can be furnished to the several provost-marshals at any time, to serve as the data for computation of quotas on a new draft.

Very respectfully, your obtained servant,

PETER T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 30. Washington, D. C., June 18, 1863.

Mustering and disbursing officers are hereby directed whenever they muster in a body of troops ot ascertain as nearly as possible, and report to this office, the number of said troops which come from the different Congressional districts in the State, in order that a fair allowance may be made to each district in assigning quotas for draft. Adjutants-general of States are requested to keep similar records.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

