
the military orders, and should furnish them the necessary escort to enable them to do so. I may be mistaken in the understanding of my duty, and am glad the time to which the hearing in question is adjourned will give me opportunity to consult the authorities at Washington.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Major, Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Western N. Y.

NEW YORK, June 18, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

The excitement incident to invasion of Pennsylvania has not in any way interfered with the progress of the enrollment. All is going on well and with all possible rapidity.

ROBT. NUGENT,

Colonel 69th Regiment N. Y. V. and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, June 18, 1863.

A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The opponents of the Administration will attempt to attribute my defeat to the advocacy of the leading measures of your Administration. Do not for a moment believe it. Personal considerations alone were the cause of my defeat. No man in Ohio will do more to secure the triumphant election of the ticket nominated than I will.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

June 18, 1863.

His Excellency DAVID TOD,

Governor of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to inform you that you are hereby authorized to raise one regiment of infantry to be composed of colored men to be mustered into the service of the United States for three years or during the war. To these troops no bounties will be paid.

The organization of the regiment must conform strictly to the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 110, War Department, 1863, a copy of which is herewith.*

The prescribed number of commissioned officers will be appointed in accordance with the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 143, War Department, 1863, a copy of which is inclosed.+ To facilitate the appointment of the officers, it is respectfully suggested that it would be well to forward to the War Department as early as practicable the names of such persons as you wish to have examined for appointment.

---------------

*See p. 175.

+See p. 215.

---------------

