
[JUNE 18, 1863.- For correspondence relating to raising troops in Rhode Island, see Stanton to Smith, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 205.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 18, 1863.

GOVERNOR OF RHODE ISLAND,

Providence, R. I.:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to inform you that you are hereby authorized to raise one company of artillery to be composed of colored men, to be mustered into the U. S. service for three years or during the war. To these troops no bounties will be paid.

The organization of the company must conform strictly to the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 110, War Department, 1863, a copy of which is herewith.*

The prescribed number of officers will be appointed in accordance with the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 143, War Department, 1863, a copy of which is herewith.+

To facilitate the appointment of the officers, it is respectfully suggested that it would be well to forward to the War Department as early as practicable the names of such persons as you wish to have examined for appointment.

An officer will be detailed to muster the company into service as soon as its organization is completed and the fact reported to the War Department.

It must be distinctly understood that this company is not to be a light artillery company.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy furnished Major G. L. Stearns, assistant adjutant-general, &amp;c.)

MONTPELIER, June 18, 1863.

(Received 3.30 p. m.)

Colonel J. B. FRY:

There is serious resistance to the enrollment among the Irish laborers in the marble quarries at Rutland. Captain Crane, the provost-marshal of the district, the enrolling officer, the deputy sheriff of the county, and surgeon of the Board were yesterday about 3 p. m. violently attacked by a party of about 500 men. The provost-marshal reports that they are organized, and that they are armed to a great extent, and that they can raise now 1,000 men. As strong military force will be necessary to arrest them. There is none in the State. They have all, except about seventy-five, been enrolled from their employers" pay- rolls.

T. G. PITCHER,

Brigadier-General, &c.

---------------

*See p. 175.

+See p. 215.

---------------

