
PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 18, 1863.

General PITCHER,

Montpelier, Vt.:

It is difficult at present to get troops to arrest the Rutland men. If you can get them all enrolled by reference to the pay- rolls of their employers, we will try and have a force ready before the draft takes place. Can"t you make any progress with the Invalid Corps? It is to serve such purpose.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL, FIRST DISTRICT OF VERMONT,

Rutland, June 18, 1863.

Brigadier General T. G. PITCHER,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, Montpelier, Vt.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report and ask instructions relative thereto, viz:

The enrolling officer for the sub-district in which the town of Rutland is included having reported to me that in endeavoring to enroll the laborers in one of the marble quarries in the western portion of the town on the 16th instant he was obstructed in the performance of his duty by the men refusing to give him any of the information he was required to obtain, and be threats of violence driven from the place. I called to my aid the enrolling officer, the surgeon of the Board of Enrollment, and the deputy sheriff of the county, and on the afternoon of the 17th instant proceeded to the neighborhood to arrest the offenders, as provided in section 25 of "Act for enrolling and calling out the national forces," &amp;c. Arriving at the place we quietly commenced a search for the offenders, when without provocation we were suddenly attacked by about 500 laborers, who appeared at a given signal, armed with clubs and stones, which were mercilessly hurled upon us until we were driven entirely from the neighborhood. Both the deputy sheriff and myself were severely though not seriously injured. There are in and about the quarries about 1,000 laborers, all Irishmen. That they are organized and determined to resist the enrollment and draft I am entirely satisfied from my own observation and from information previously received from reliable civil officers, and citizens, and I am satisfied from information received from these persons, as well as from their employers, that they have been collecting arms and ammunition for three months past, and are all, or nearly all, supplied. They openly avow their intention to resist with arms any attempted enforcement of the enrollment or draft. Th enrollment can only be made by force of arms, and I respectfully request that a force of 200 good efficient infantry at least be sent to this station without delay for that purpose. There is not an organized company of regular volunteers of militia in this State.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. CRANE,

Captain, and -Marshal First District of Vermont.

