
[JUNE 19, 1863.- For correspondence relating to raising troops in Wisconsin, see Salomon to Stanton, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 222.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 182. Washington, June 20, 1863.

I. Under the requirements of section 20 of the act "for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved March 3, 1863, it is ordered that the following rules shall govern whenever a regiment is "reduced below the minimum number allowed by law," but is of a strength above half the maximum:

INFANTRY.

1. Each regiment will be deprived of the colonel and one assistant surgeon. Each company-provided it is reduced below the minimum-will be deprived of the second lieutenant.

CAVALRY.

2. Each regiment will be deprived of the colonel, one major, and one assistant surgeon. Each company-provided it is reduced below the minimum-will be deprived of the second lieutenant.

ARTILLERY.

3. Each regiment will be deprived of the colonel, one major, and one assistant surgeon. Each company (battery)-provided it is reduced below the minimum-will be deprived of the additional officers authorized to be added at the President's discretion. (See G. O. 110, A. G. O., 1863.)

There being no minimum for artillery fixed by existing orders, the minimum for the object herein named will be 1,044 aggregate for a regiment, and 86 aggregate for a battery.

II. In reaching the reduced standard herein fixed, all officers in the enumerated grades-now properly in service-will be retained until the said grades become vacant by the usual casualties of the service. After the reductions are thus made the reduced proportion will be maintained, and no appointments to vacancies- in the grades enumerated-will be made, except upon notification, from the commissary of muster for the department or corps, that the regiment is above the minimum. To this end the commissary of musters will report weekly to the Governor of the State, or appointing power, through the commanding general of the department or corps. The said report will embrace the designation of the regiment-or other organization-the name and rank of the party creating the vacancy, with the date and cause thereof. If an order has been issued in the case, its number, date, and source must be given.

Commissaries and assistant commissaries of musters will be held accountable that no musters are made in violation of this paragraph.

III. The following is the section of the act referred to and under which the foregoing is ordered:

SEC. 20. And be it further enacted, That whenever a regiment is reduced below the minimum number allowed by law, no officers shall be appointed in such regiment beyond those necessary for the command of such reduced number.

