
The same authority is hereby granted for the raising of this regiment as is granted in the case of white regiments.

By order of the War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 40. Washington, February 11, 1863.

The following acts of Congress are published for the information and government of all concerned:

* * * *

II. PUBLIC-Numbers 17.

AN ACT to authorize the raising of a volunteer force for the better defense of Kentucky.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of American in Congress assembled, That the Governor of the State of Kentucky, by the consent and under the direction of the President of the United States, shall have power to raise and organize into regiments a volunteers force not exceeding twenty thousand, rank and file, to be raised within the State of Kentucky, to serve for the term of twelve months, to be employed within the limits of Kentucky in repelling invasion, suppressing insurrection, and guarding and protecting the public property: Provided, That at any time it may be necessary, in the discretion of the President of the United States, these troops may be employed out of the limits of Kentucky against the enemies of the United States.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the regimental and company officers shall be appointed and commissioned by the State of Kentucky, according to the laws thereof: Provided, That the officers of said regiments shall be entitled to pay only when the regiments or companies are filled as now required by law, and while in actual service.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That the regiments, when raised and officered as aforesaid, shall be mustered into the service of the United States and be subject to the command of the President of the United States.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the officers and soldiers thus enrolled and mustered into service shall be subject to the Rules and Articles of War, and shall be placed on the same footing as other volunteers in the service of the United States as to pay, subsistence, clothing, and other emoluments, except bounty, for and during the time they may be in actual service.

SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That a portion of this volunteer corps, not exceeding two regiments, may, when necessary, in the opinion of the President of the United States, be mounted and ariflemen.

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That the President shall have power to make such other regulations in regard to the organization and service of this force as he shall deem expedient for the interest of the service.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That, by and with the consent of the President of the United States, the volunteers authorized to be raised by this act, or any portion of them, may be attached to and become part of the body of the three-years" volunteers, according to such rules and regulation as the President of the United States may prescribe.

Approved February 7, 1863.

* * * *

IV. PUBLIC-Numbers 19.

AN ACT making appropriated for the support of the Army for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty- four, and for deficiency for the signal service for the year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-three.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums be, and the same

