
The number of companies mentioned in Circular Numbers 13, from this Bureau, for each State is not restricted, but is given only as a limit to the depot camps in such States.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[JUNE 20, 1863.- For correspondence relating to raising troops in Illinois, see Yates to Stanton, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 241.]

NEW YORK, June 20, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The rebel cavalry have made a raid into Indiana, and as making raids seems to be their settled policy, I beg you will send 1,000 pistols, 1,000 sabers, and 1,000 carbines to Indiana, that I may organize a company of cavalry in each border county for State defense. The cavalry heretofore raised for State defense has left the State and gone into the field long ago.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., June 20, 1863.

Governor MORTON,

New York:

Your request shall be attended to forthwith.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CINCINNATI, June 20, 1863.

General WILLCOX,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

Please report at once the state of affairs in Sullivan County. Is the enrollment proceeding there?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, June 20, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Your dispatch received this a. m. at 9.50. The state of things in Sullivan County is such as will require the most prudent management. An ugly state of affairs exists there, partly provide by the indiscretion of our own troops and partly by the disloyal element. The enrollment has scarcely been made, and is now interrupted, but I think with the co-operation of Mr. Voorhees and other prominent democrats it can be accomplished without extensive armed resistance. But if troops must be sent to enforce it, it will require a large force. It is the opinion of the U. S. marshal and provost-marshal-general of the State that all peaceable measures should first be exhausted, and such is my own view. But we must be ready for the alternative.

I shall learn more on Monday and telegraph you again.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

