
citizens there and were assured that there has been a determination on the part of a large number of the citizens of New Castle Township to resist the enrollment. We went into the township on Tuesday; on Wednesday the enrollment was again commenced by two enrolling officers, each accompanied by a gang of eight soldiers.

The enrollment was completed without difficulty or interruption on Friday. Saturday morning we marched on our return; arrived at Logansport on Sunday night. This morning arrangements were completed for the troops to return to Indianapolis and I started for my headquarters; arrived this evening. While in Fulton County Captain Farquhar and myself worked diligently to detect the parties who were guilty of or implicated in obstructing the enrolling officers. We found the enemies of the Government so thoroughly organized as to prevent our getting sufficient information to warrant the arrest and retention of any parties that we could then find. From the information we got we felt confident that we were informed of two or three persons who were active participants in the assault on the officers. I made every effort to apprehend the last named, but could not find them either in daytime or night. They had disappeared upon our arrival in that vicinity.

I arrested two men upon suspicion, based upon statements made to me, but after holding them for a few house discharged them for want of evidence. I am confident that I will yet be able to point out the guilty parties and bring them to justice.

I regard the expedition as a very necessary one and believe that it has preserved quiet not only in Fulton County, but in other neighboring counties which I think may not have been maintained without. As Captain Farquhar will report you on his arrival, I regard it unimportant that I should say more.

Ve

W. W. WALLACE,

Provost-Marshal Ninth District of Indiana.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., June 22, 1863.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: When at Washington in November last you requested me to make you a written report upon the subject of railroad transportation in this department. I did not anticipate so long a delay in doing it would occur. Owing, however, to my absence with General Grant during the winter and a constant pressure of business since my return, I have been unable to do so till the present time. Soon after General Allen placed me in charge of railroad transportation in the winter of 1861-"62, Major-General Halleck instructed me to provide, if possible, some rules for correcting the manifold and flagrant abuse, which induced his General Orders, Nos. 6 and 15. On examining I found passes for Government transportation were being issued by almost any Government officer choosing to do so, and that many persons having no right, some of them not even in any way connected with the army, were traveling at Government expense.

There seemed to be no checks or restrictions. Railroad companies took such passes supposing them good, and made just complaints when they could get no settlement. Possessing, myself, but a limited knowledge of the regulations or of the customary forms, I prepared a few such rules as should restrict the duties to proper officers, secure

