
surgeon's certificate or desability, or sufficiently recovered to be returned to their regiments for duty, and shall see that such soldiers are discharged or so returned. And the medical inspecting officers are hereby empowered, under such regulations as may be hereafter established, to direct the return to duty, or the discharge from service, as the case may be, of all soldiers designated by them.

Approved December 27, 1862.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., January 3, 1863-9.20 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am advised that it is contemplated when the Legislature meets in this State to pass a joint resolution acknowledging the Southern Confederacy, and urging the States of the Northwest to dissolve all constitutional relations with the New England States. The same thing is on foot in Illinois.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 7. Washington, January 7, 1863.

The following act of Congress is published for the information and government of all concerned:

(PUBLIC-Numbers 6.)

AN ACT to improve the organization of the cavalry forces.

Be it enact by the Senate and Houses of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That hereafter each regiment of cavalry organized in the United States service may have two assistant surgeons, and each company or troop of cavalry shall have from sixty to seventy-eight privates.

Approved January 6, 1863.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 7, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: By two communications from Count Mejan, French consul at this port, bearing date, respectively, 29 th and 31st December last, and also a communication from Feliciano Ruiz, dated 31st December last, which communication bears the seal of the Mexican consulate at this port, my attention has been called to the transportation of persons and the exportation of animals and materials from this port to the port of Vera Cruz, in Mexico.

The French consul in his two communications, copies of which, and translations thereof, are submitted herewith, insists upon the

