
laboring Irish. The officer, as I before reported to you, having been compelled to leave the locality, the marshal having declared himself unable to command a sufficient force, I applied to the surgeon in charge of the U. S. general hospital, who put at my disposal a sergeant and twelve men. Relying upon the effect of my action on Saturday, and pressed by official duties at my office, I did not esteem it necessary to go in person and committed the matter to one of my deputies. After an hour's absence the party returned, reporting that the obstructions and violence encountered compelled them to retire. Immediately upon the receipt of your dispatch I took in person a guard of eighteen men and a sergeant and went through the district, the only advantage derived being the exhibition of a determination to go through the district without hindrance. Practically the enrollment made under such circumstances is of no value. The men are not met with and the women close the houses or refuse to give information. If enrolled or drafted these persons could not be found or identified. I respectfully ask to be informed if the duty is discharged when the houses are visited and inquiry made, or if other measures are to be resorted to to obtain the names of these men. I await your further instructions before resuming the enrollment in these localities.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. N. MILLER,

Captain and Provost-Marshal Fifth District of New Jersey.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROV. March General, NEW JERSEY,

Trenton, June 23, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the decision of the Provost-Marshal- General.

Captain Miller reported to me by telegraph yesterday that his enrolling officer and escort had been driven off, and I directed him to increase it from the guard at the hospital, which had the desired effect. At the same time it would seem that the proper enrollment has not been made. In the absence of instructions I shall direct that the enrolling officers visit the various workshops and factories as well as the offices of contractors for public works, and ascertain whether their employes have been enrolled, by which means, perhaps, some of the delinquents may be discovered.

ROBT. C. BUCHANAN,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth Infantry, Act. Asst. Prov. March General

[JUNE 22, 1863. - For correspondence relating to forwarding New Jersey and New York militia to Pennsylvania, see Couch to Stanton, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 264.]

STATE OF OHIO, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, June 22, 1863.

TO THE PEOPLE OF OHIO:

In answer to numerous letters of inquiry, touching the raising of troops for six-months" service under the President's recent call, I have to state:

First. That for want of time recruiting commissions are not issued.

Volunteers are requested to go forward in unorganized squads to the

26 R R - SERIES III, VOL III

