
several camps of rendezvous named in my proclamation, and there organize, naming to me by letter or election the officers they wish appointed.

Second. The number who may thus volunteer will be credited to Ohio upon the quota ordered to be drafted; but the men who volunteer will still be subject to draft should we fail to fill our quota by voluntary enrollment, and if drafted the time they may serve as volunteers will be credited them.

Third. The regimental officers will be selected as far as possible from the company officers.

Fourth. Should the entire number asked for by the President respond to the call they will be organized as follows:

Twenty-five regiments of infantry, three regiments of cavalry, and three batteries of artillery, and in this proportion according to the number who may volunteer.

Fifth. These troops will be subject to the order of the Secretary of War for general service, but my opinion is they will be required merely, if not entirely, for border defense, and when not thus required will, after organization and a few weeks" drill, be furloughed home, subject to call. I cannot close this communication without announcing to my fellow-citizens that the danger of invasion from our eastern and southern borders is, in my opinion, imminent. It is hoped that nothing further is necessary to insure a prompt response to the President's call.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

STATE OF OHIO, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, Ohio, June 22, 1863.

TO THE PEOPLE OF OHIO:

An effort is being made to raise a regiment of colored men in our State. A camp of rendezvous has been established at Delaware, and everything is now in readiness to receive troops.

As the law providing for the support of families of soldiers does not reach this regiment, it has been determined by its friends to raise by voluntary subscription a fund for that purpose.

I have, therefore, respectfully to request all who favor the success of the effort to raise such a regiment to contribute to said fund.

The money thus raised shall be distributed by a committee consisting of Ex-Governor Dennison, Dr. G. Volney Dorsey, State Treasurer, Quartermaster-General George B. Wright, and Captain R. Burr, U. S. quartermaster. It is recommended that remittances be made directly to Doctor Dorsey. The military committees of the several counties are requested to give the matter their immediate attention.

From present indications it is quite certain that at least one full regiment will be raised within the coming thirty days, and if a generous response shall be made to this proposition it is believed that a second regiment may be raised.

It may be proper to add that our State will have credit on its quota for all colored troops raised.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

