
[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Colonel Ed. A. Parrott, provost- marshal-general, with the request that he give the matter his immediate attention.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROV. March General FOR OHIO,

Columbus, Ohio, June 25, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Mason, commanding U. S. forces, Columbus, Ohio.

ED. A. PARROTT,

Colonel First Ohio Infty. and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for Ohio.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Columbus, Ohio, June 25, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General J. D. Cox, commanding District of Ohio, witht he information that I have directed the troops to withdraw to Mansfield upon being notified by the assistant provost-marshal of the district that their services are no longer required in Holmes County.

JNO. S. MASON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 22, 1863.

THOMAS WEBSTER, Esq.,

Philadelphia, Pa.:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to inform you that you are hereby authorized as the representative of your associate petitioners to raise in Philadelphia, or the eastern part of Pennsylvania, three regiments of infantry, to be composed of colored men, to be mustered into the service of the United States for three years or during the war. To these troops no bounties will be paid.

They will receive $ 10 per month and one ration, $ 3 of which monthly pay may be in clothing.

The organization of these regiments must conform strictly to the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 110, current series, War Department, a copy of which is herewith.*

The prescribed number of commissioned officers will be appointed as provided in General Orders, Nos. 143 and 144, War Department, 1863, copies of which are herewith inclosed,+ and your special attention invited thereto.

An officer will be detailed to muster these troops into service by companies if necessary.

It must be distinctly understood that but one regiment is to be recruited at a time; thus, the organization of the first regiment must be completed and the regiment mustered into service before the recruiting of the second is commenced.

---------------

* See p. 175.

+ See pp. 215, 216.

---------------

