
For the purchase of cavalry and artillery horses, twenty-three million one hundred and eighty-nine thousand three hundred and seventy-five dollars.

For mileage, or the allowance made to officers of the Army for the transportation of themselves and their baggage when traveling on duty without troops, escorts, or supplies, one million of dollars.

For transportation of the Army, including the baggage of the troops when moving, either by land or water; of clothing and garrison equipage, from the depots at Philadelphia and New York and Cincinnati to the several posts and army depots, and from those depots to the troops in the field; and of subsistence from the places of purchase and from the places of delivery under contract to such places as the circumstance of the service may require them to be sent; of ordnance, ordnance stores, and small- arms from foundries and armories to the arsenals, fortifications, frontier posts, and army depots; freights, wharfage, tolls, and ferriages; for the purchase and hire of horses, mules oxen, and harness, and the purchase and repair of wagons, carts, and drays, and of ships and other seagoing vessels and boats required for the transportation of supplies and for garrison purposes; for drayage and cartage at the several posts; hire of teamsters" transportation of funds for the pay and other disbursing departments; the expense of sailing public transports on the various rivers, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic and Pacific; and for procuring water at such posts as, from their situation, require it to be brought from a distance; and for clearing roads, and removing obstructions from roads, harbors, and rivers, to the extent which may be required for the actual operations of the troops in the field, fifty-saw million five hundred thousand dollars.

For hire or commutation of quarters for officers on military duty; hire of quarters for troops; of store-houses for the safe- keeping of military stores; of grounds for summer cantonments, for the construction of temporary huts, hospitals, and stables, and for repairing public buildings at establish posts, eight million dollars.

For heating and cooking stoves, one hundred and forty thousand dollars.

For telegraph for military purpose, and for expenses in operating the same, five hundred thousand dollars.

For supplies, transportation, and care of prisoners of war, one million five hundred thousand dollars.

For contingencies of the Army, six hundred thousand dollars.

For clothing for the Army, camp and garrison equipage, and for expenses of offices and arsenals, seventy-six million two hundred and eighty-one thousand nine hundred and eleven dollars and fifty-four cents.

For medicines, instruments, dressings, and so forth, for the Regular Army, one hundred and fifty-five thousand dollars.

For hospital stores, bedding,and so forte, for the Regular Army, one hundred thousand dollars.

For hospital furniture and field equipments, for the Regular Army, thirty thousand dollars.

For medical books, stationery, and printing, for the Regular Army, eight thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.

For private physicians and medicine furnished by them, for the Regular Army, fifty-seven thousand five hundred dollars.

For hire of clerks and laborers in purveying depots, for the Regular Army, one thousand six hundred dollars.

For continuing meteorological observations and tabulating the same, under the direction of the Surgeon-General, for the Regular Army, five hundred dollars.

For contingencies, for the Regular Army, two thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.

For compensation of soldiers acting as cooks and nurses, under the acts of August sixteen, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, and March three, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, for the Regular Army, two thousand dollars.

For ice, fruits, and other comforts, under acts of August three, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and July five, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, for the Regular Army, twenty thousand dollars.

For citizen nurses, under act of Jully five, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, for the Regular Army, four thousand dollars.

For hospital clothing for the Regular Army, fifteen thousand dollars.

For care of sick soldiers in private hospitals, for the Regular Army, eighteen thousand five hundred dollars.

For artificial limbers for soldiers for the Regular Army, and seamen, five thousand dollars.

For medicines, instruments, dressings, and so forth, for the volunteers, four millions of dollars.

