
with army supplies, saving thereby a large sum to the Government. Again, we can nurse a much larger class of boats from this point in seasons of low water, which tends greatly to economy, and what is still more important in such an emergency, we can move with much greater certainty, and did in this case dispatch from Cairo over 9,000 men without an hour's delay beyond mere marching on board, and without the expense of any delay to the boats. Other similar illustrations of the necessity of unity and of some central authority, so far as movements on our great Western rivers are concerned, could be given, but it does not seem necessary.

In conclusion I would add that there are a multitude or damaged in Government service, where it is often very important that an immediate investigation of facts should take place in order to settle the question of liability, and if liable, the extent. I think much might have been saved in the last year in this respect by the prompt attention of some officer near where the claim originated.

Requesting your particular attention to a letter personal to myself herewith transmitted.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Assistant Quartermaster.

CLEVELAND, OHIO, June 23, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding District of Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENERAL: I reached this city at 4 p. m. and at once visited the camp. I found about 100 men had reported. A thorough system of recruiting is being organized in the county. I am impressed with the fact that the people do not realize the obvious policy of the enemy, and it is a great drawback that the draft is not suspended in Ohio toward such as shall enlist. we shall have offensive operations along the border as a part of the system of the enemy, to harass the agricultural interests, sunder railroad connections, develop disgust with the war, and distract our attention nfrom more substantial lines of attack.

I assure you that there will be depredations upon the Indiana and Illinois border from men who never had connection with the rebel army. I know that such a system has been deliberately proposed and formally adopted in some counties in Indiana, to be inaugurated the latter part of June. I am no alarmist, as you know, but I have been surprised that the movements did not commence earlier. As I am not needed here particularly for three or four days, and Colonel Senter thinks I can now be better spared, I propose to take to-night's train for Indianapolis to close up there.

With sincere regard, I am, very truly, yours,

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

CINCINNATI, June 23, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

I am satisfied that it will be next to impossible to raise the 30,000 six-months" troops in Ohio by volunteering. At what time do you

---------------

*Next, ante.

---------------

