
propose to commence the draft? I think I could raise 12,000 men in this city and Hamilton County as a reserve corps, to be used for border defense, if they could be relieved from the chance of the draft. This number would be three or four times the amount of their proportion of the draft.

Do you think an arrangement could be made for the formation of such a corps?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 23, 1863.

General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio:

Draft will be made as soon after enrollment as possible - certainly next month. It would not do to exempt men joining such a reserve corps as you mention from the draft. All men volunteering for six months will, if drafted, get credit for the time they may have served, but cannot be exempt. This has been announced to Pennsylvania. Reserve corps for local defense and home guards should, I think, be independent of and in addition to organizations for field service. If they are to be in lieu of these last we had better not take them.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS,

Washington, D. C., June 23, 1863.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War has authorized that prisoners of war who have been impressed into the rebel army who desire to enter our service in good faith may be permitted to do so on their taking the oath of allegiance. It is required that a careful inquiry will be made to ascertain the reliability of the statements of the applicants, that no imposition may be practiced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Colonel Third Infantry and Commissary-General of Prisoners.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 33. Washington, June 24, 1863.

REGULATIONS IN REGARD TO SUBSTITUTES.

1. Any person enrolled and drafted may at any time on or before the time at which he is ordered to report at a rendezvous obtain, and present to the Board of Enrollment of the district in which he resides, a substitute.

2. The substitute must be in every respect suitable for the military service, which shall be determined by the Enrolling Board in the manner prescribed for examining recruits.

3. Every substitute, after being examined and approved by the Enrolling Board, shall enlist in the service of the United States.

(Form 40.)

