
Facts like the above may be stated with regard to the other districts of the State; more particularly of the Second.

I respectfully communicate these facts for your information, although I am aware they have no bearing on the actual draft of those persons who have thus absented themselves from their usual places of residence or employment. If drafted, every effort will be made to hunt them up, and it is probable that few will altogether escape.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. D. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 24, 1863.

His Excellency RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois, Springfield:

The Department does not deem it expedient to authorize the raising of volunteer infantry and cavalry regiments in your State for a less period than three years or during the war. Instructions in regard to volunteers will be issued to you in a few days prescribing the bounty and mode of organization that will be authorized.*

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

STATE OF INDIANA,

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL FOURTH DISTRICT,

Greensburg, June 24, 1863.

Colonel CONRAD BAKER,

Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, Indianapolis:

COLONEL: Under information received from yourself and from the enrolling officer of Washington Township, Rush County, Ind., resistance had been made tot he enrollment of that township, and that further resistance was threatened and feared, I proceeded from Indianapolis on the evening of the 22nd instant with a cavalry force of twenty-five men under command of Captain Powers, of the Third Indiana Cavalry, by the Indiana Central Railway to Knightstown, Ind. Here I also called out twenty-five men of the home guards under command of Captain J. M. Hartley, and proceeded by rail to Louisville, ten miles, thence marched to Raleigh, in said township of Washington, arriving there at 1 a. m.

Having reason to believe that deserters were harbored in Raleigh, we placed guards about the town and made search, but without success in finding any.

I then directed the cavalry to accompany the enrolling officer and protect him in the discharge of his duties in enrolling the township and to arrest any person offering resistance to the law. No resistance was offered and the enrollment was completed.

I then returned, taking railroad at Louisville, discharging Captain Hartley's command at Knightstown, and that of Captain Powers at Indianapolis.

---------------

*This in reply to Yates, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 296.

---------------

