
days, the officers may be recommissioned of the date of their original commissions, and for the time engaged in recruiting they will be entitled to receive the pay belonging to their rank.

VII. Volunteers or militia now in service, whose term of service will expire within ninety days, and who shall then have been in snine months, shall be entitled to the aforesaid bounty and premium of $ 402, provided they re-enlist, before the expiration of their present term, for three years or the war; and said bounty and premium shall be paid in the manner herein provided for other troops re-entering the service. The new term will commence from date of re-enlistment.

VIII. After the expiration of ninety days from this date volunteers serving in three-years" organizations, who may re- enlist for three years or the war, shall be entitled to the aforesaid bounty and premium of $ 402, to be paid in the manner herein provided for other troops re-entering the service. The new term will commence from date of re-enlistment.

IX. Officers in service, whose regiments or companies may re- enlist, in accordance with the provisions of this order, before the expiration of their present term, shall have their commissions continued, so as to preserve their date of rank as fixed by their original muster into United States service.

X. As soon after the expiration of their original term of enlistment as the exigencies of the service will permit, a furlough of thirty days will be granted to men who may re-enlist in accordance with the provisions of this order.

XI. Volunteers enlisted under this order will be credited as three-years" men in the quotas of their respective States. Instructions for the appointment of recruiting officers and for enlisting veteran volunteers will be immediately issued to the Governors of States.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NELSON, KY., June 25, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

General Finnell has just informed me that you have ordered the enrollment of free negroes for military service in Kentucky. There are only 4,130 free male negroes in the State. One-eighth of them is a fair estimate of those between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, giving less than 700. If you gain these, you will lose more than 10,000. You will revolutionize the State and do infinite and inconceivable harm, and I am sure this is all wrong and there is not an honest, loyal man in the State in favor of it, and it will meet with decided opposition. For the peace and quiet of the country I beg you will change your order on the subject. I request that you confer with President Lincoln on the subject and show him this telegram.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

PROCLAMATION BY THE GOVERNOR.

STATE OF NEW JERSEY, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Trenton, June 25, 1863.

Whereas, by the system of computation adopted by the War Department it is ascertained that the State of New Jersey has not

