
filled her quota of troops for the service of the United States, although she has responded to all the calls made upon her for troops by the Government; and

Whereas, I have applied for authority to raise volunteers to serve for three years, unless sooner discharged, and authority has been given by the War Department to raise recruits for regiments now in the field, and also to raise new regiments with the restriction that no more than five regiments of infantry and two regiments of cavalry should be under recruitment in the State at one time;

I therefore call upon the citizens of this State to use every exertion to recruit, as speedily as possible, new regiments to serve our country in her hour of need, and also to fill the decimated ranks of those regiments that have sustained the honor of the State on many battle-fields.

The number of men required to fill up the old regiments will be published and apportioned to the different townships and wards of the State, in proportion to the number of men liable to do military duty.

Every man mustered into an old or a new regiment will be duly credited to the State.

Recruiting for five regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry will be put in charge of competent officers, to be designated in general orders.

Given under my hand and privy seal at Trenton this 25th day of June, A. D. 1863.

JOEL PARKER

S. M. DICKINSON,

Private Secretary.

GENERAL ORDERS, OFFICE OF THE SIGNAL OFFICER, Numbers 9. Washington, D. C. June 26, 1863.

I. It having come to the knowledge of the Signal Officer of the Army that in some instances officers of the Signal Corps have transmitted information by signals of such a character as to produce alarm, uproar, and confusion among troops, and the inhabitants of towns or cities with which they may be in communication, which reports have often been without foundation, the officer thereby being guilty of conduct prejudicial to good order and military discipline, it is hereby ordered and enjoined that all signal officers shall be held fully responsible and amenable to the military regulations of the Army for such stampede reports forwarded without foundation or forethought.

II. Under all circumstances must officers of this corps be fully cognizant of the responsibility resting upon them as proper and reliable sources of information or means of communication, such information being in most cases for the use of the commanding general or other officers commanding troops, and being the foundation of important movements or operations of the Army or Navy.

III. Reports must be made fully, concise, and clear, detailing all important discoveries, such as movements of the enemy, direction taken, probable numbers, whether artillery, cavalry, or infantry, and their position taken by compass from the station of observation. They must be made quietly, and written or delivered without the slightest exaggeration or excitement.

IV. Should the enemy be discovered advancing toward an officer or station, the signal party must not fall back until it is absolutely

27 R R - SERIES III, VOL III

