
and inconceivable harm, as you state, should be done by my ascertaining and informing the Government how many free negroes there are between those ages in the different States, and their names, and I have a better opinion of Kentucky than to think she would be revolutionized if such information is sought for by me as it has been by the Census Bureau without revolution. I shall endeavor to get this information in Kentucky, as in other States, unless the Government orders otherwise, and to use your language, I do not see how any honest, loyal man in the State can oppose it. I will show your dispatch to the Government to-day.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[JUNE 26, 1863. - For proclamation of Governor Curtin, of Pennsylvania, calling for 60,000 men for the defense of the State, see Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 347.]

[JUNE 26, 1863. - For correspondence relating to raising troops in Pennsylvania, see Couch to Stanton; Stanton to Couch; Scott to Stanton; Stanton to Couch; Couch to Stanton; Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, pp. 342-344.]

COLUMBUA, OHIO, June 26, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

My colored regiment is progressing handsomely. They are expecting the usual pay and bounty allowed white soldiers. Will they get it?

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, June 28 [27], 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

There is nothing going on in Kentucky on the subject of which you telegraph except an enrollment. Before anything is done beyond this I will take care to understand the case better than I now do.

A. LINCOLN.

CINCINNATI, June 27, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Your dispatch of this date is received. The enrollment of the free negroes properly belonging to the State will not yield 1,000 men subject to draft. If draft is required in Kentucky the number required from this class will not be over 300; for this small number we will lose a much larger number of good white volunteers and give the secret enemies of the Government a weapon to use against it. If there was any principle of right involved in it I would say carry it out, but the people are ready and willing to stand the draft, if necessary, from the white population. There will not be half the trouble in the State of Kentucky there will be in Indiana, Ohio, and Illinois.

