
For hospital stores, bedding, and so forth, for the volunteers, three million five hundred thousand dollars.

For hospital furniture and field equipments, for the volunteers, one million dollars.

For medical books, stationery, and printing, for the volunteers, one hundred thousand dollars.

For private physicians and medicines furnished by them for the volunteers, for hundred thousand dollars.

For there of clerks and labores in purveying depots for the volunteers, twenty-five thousand dollars.

For continuing meteorological observations and tabulating the same, under the direction of the Surgeon-General, for the volunteers, one thousand dollars.

For contingencies, for the volunteers, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.

For compensation of soldiers acting as cooks and nurses, under the acts of August sixteen, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, and March three, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, for the volunteers, seventy-five thousand dollars.

For ice, fruits, and other comforts, under acts of August three, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and July five, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, for the volunteers, one hundred and seventy thousand dollars.

For citizen nurses, under act of July five, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, for the volunteers, one hundred thousand dollars.

For hospital clothing, for the volunteers, eighty thousand dollars. For care of sick soldiers in private hospitals, for the volunteers, one hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred dollars.

For artificial limbs for volunteer soldier and seamen, forty-five thousand dollars.

For the Army Medical Museum, five thousand dollars.

For medicine and medical attendance for negro refugees (commonly called contrabands), fifty thousand dollars.

For contingent expenses of the Adjutant-General's Department at department headquarters, two thousand dollars.

For expenses of the Commanding General's office, ten thousand dollars.

For armament of fortifications, two million five hundred thousand dollars.

For the current expenses of the ordnance service, nine hundred thousand dollars.

For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies, including horse equipments for all mounted troops, six million five hundred and forty-five thousand dollars.

For the manufacture of arms at the national armory, two million eight hundred and eighty thousand dollars.

For repairs and improvements and new machinery at the national armory at Springfield, and improvements and new machinery at the national armory at Springfield, Mass., one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For the purchase of gunpowder and lead, two million four hundred and eighty thousand dollars.

For additions to and extensions of shop room, machinery, tools, and fixtures at arsenal, five hundred thousand dollars.

For purchase and manufacture of arms for volunteers and regulars, and ordnance and ordnance stores, fourteen million nine hundred and sixty thousand dollars.

For surveys of military defenses, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.

For purchase and repair of instruments, ten thousand dollars.

For printing charts of lake surveys, fifteen thousand dollars.

For continuing the survey of the northern and northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior, one hundred and six thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine dollars.

For the signal service of the United States Army, one hundred and fifteen thousand eight hundred and ninety-one dollars.

For deficiency for signal service for the United States Army for the year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, twelve thousand two hundred and twenty-five dollars.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That no money shall be paid from the Treasury of the United States to any person acting or assuming to act as an officer, civil, military, or naval, as salary in any office, which office is not authorized by some previously existing lawn, unless where such office shall be subsequently sancperson appointed during the recess of the Senate, to fill a vacancy in any existing required to be filled by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, until such appoint shall have been confirmed by the Senate.

Approved February 9, 1863.

