
The enrollment of these negroes is what the loyal people fear will do the harm. We not only need all these for labor, which we draft at our pleasure, but we draft slaves for labor continually, and if any of the free negroes wish to join the colored regiments now forming in this department they are at liberty to do so. I was just about issuing an order drafting all the free able-bodied negroes in the State for labor on a military road. I sincerely hope the enrollment may be stopped. Kentucky is in good order now.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., June 28 [27], 1863.

General J. T. BOYLE,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

There is nothing going on in Kentucky on the subject of which you telegraph, except an enrollment. Before anything is done beyond this I will take care to understand the case better than I now do.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., June 27, 1863.

Governor TOD,

Columbus:

A careful examination of the acts of Congress by the Solicitor of the War Department has led him to the conclusion that the Government can pay to colored troops only $ 10 per month and no bounty. A month's advance pay will be authorized. For any additional pay or bounty colored troops must trust to State contributions and the justice of Congress at the next session. Upon this basis the organizations have been made elsewhere.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CINCINNATI, June 27, 1863.

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

It is of the utmost importance that the people of Ohio should respond with the greatest alacrity to the call of the President for troops from this State.

The enemy is now threatening our northern cities with a large force. The vital necessity of promptly meeting or driving him back must be felt by every man.

The sudden call of last year which resulted in such an immense loss of time, labor, and money, the stoppage of all business transactions, and the risk of serious disaster should be remembered. The recurrence of that excitement can be avoided now by the prompt efforts of the people in aid of the President's call and the immediate organization of a well-disciplined force. I feel confident that the people of Ohio have only to know the necessity for this call to insure an instant and hearty response. I pledge my full and earnest co-operation in every effort to meet and repel the threatened danger.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

