
from newspaper reports, which I know are very unreliable, and from what you have from time to time reported, that there still exists in Indiana a determined spirit against the enrollment act.

This morning's papers state that in Monroe County there is an organized band (perhaps several hundred strong, said to be 1,500) in arms against the officers of the Government, and that the U. S. officer there commanding four companies has called for re- enforcements. I am aware that these reports may be so much exaggerated as to be in reality false and that the officers there may be imposed upon, but I wish to say to you now that if no enforcing any part of the enrollment act you are compelled to contend with armed partied in open resistance to the law, you must act with such vigor and determination as to strike terror into all others who may contemplate resistance.

The most effectual as well as the most merciful course, so far as the many are concerned, is to punish unrelentingly, even cruelly, the few first against whom it may be necessary to use arms.

From your action heretofore I know you appreciate the importance of placing turbulent men clearly in the wrong before acting against them. I have no doubt the military commander of the district and His Excellency the Governor will continue to aid in carrying out such measures as you may find necessary.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., June 28, 1863.

His Excellency Governor PARKER,

Trenton:

General Couch is authorized to receive any troops that may be offered to serve under his command, whether sworn into the U. S. service or not. Please send any militia or other force at your disposal.*

EDWIN. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[JUNE 28, 1863. - For correspondence relating to raising troops in Pennsylvania, see Couch to Curtin; Curtin to Couch, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, pp. 391, 392.]

[JUNE 28, 1863. - For correspondence relating to raising troops in West Virginia, see Stanton to Boreman, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 394.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 196. Washington, June 29, 1863.

The number of brigadier-generals being limited by law, the urgent necessity for officers of that grade in the field requires that all, except those wounded in battle, whose health is so infirm as to have kept them

---------------

* This in reply to Parker, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 390.

---------------

