
from active duty more than thirty-days, should be mustered out and their places filled by others physically capable of service. It is therefore ordered:

1. That all officers of the rank of brigadier-general who have been absent more than thirty days from duty on account of sickness, other than those wounded in battle, report the present state of their health; and that those who report themselves unfit for duty in the field be honorably mustered out of service within ten days from this date.

2. That those who do not report unfit for duty proceed, within forty-eight hours after the receipt of this order, to join their commands, informing the Adjutant-General by letter of the fact.

3. That those who have been absent more than thirty days, by reason of wounds received in battle, report when they expect to be able to resume duty, sending a surgeon's certificate setting forth the nature of their wounds and their present condition.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., June 29, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

With the understanding that men who enlist for six months are not subject to draft during that time, but liable only to such draft as may be made after the expiration of the six months, they can be raised at once. This was the plan proposed at Washington, as I understood, with the President, understanding that those who volunteer for six months are still liable to be drafted during that time, although the time for which they enlist is to be credited upon their time if drafted. It will be slow work to raise the regiments called for. Would it not be better to change it? Please answer at once.

O. P. MORTON.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., June 29, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I hope you will send to me at once 25,000 arms and at least twelve pieces of field artillery and equipments. I can arm and organize the State forces rapidly, and it must be done. Please answer my former dispatch concerning the six-months" men.

O. P. MORTON.

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXECUTIVE DEPT.,

Boston, June 29, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The information which reaches me from the Department of the South induces me earnestly to urge that a brigadier-general may be detailed by you to take command of the colored regiments now there, and I respectfully recommend, as well adapted to such service, Brigadier General Francis C. Barlow, at present holding a command in the Army of the Potomac. A personal knowledge of General Barlow enables me to speak confidently of his adeptness to this particular service.

