
extending for the present over those districts of country only with the condition of which they have become acquainted, chiefly by personal inspection of the various locations, in part by reliable reports and depositions, namely, the District of Columbia, Eastern Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Florida.

The Commission have endeavored to adapt their plan not only to the immediate wants under the present condition of things, but also to meet such additional occupancy by Federal troops of the four States above named as is likely to occur during the present year and until Congress shall have had opportunity to legislate on this subject.

The Commission propose-

First. That the above region of country constitute three freedmen's superintendencies or departments, the first comprising the District of Columbia and Eastern Virginia, the second extending over North Carolina, and the third embracing the States of South Carolina and Florida.

Second. That there be appointed for each of these superintendencies a department superintendent, with the pay and allowances of colonel of cavalry.

Third. That there be appointed as many resident superintendents in each department as there are important stations therein, with not less in each than from 3,000 to 5,000 freedmen to care for; these resident superintendents to have the pay and allowances of captain of cavalry.

Fourth. That where the number of freedmen at any station shall exceed 7,000 or 8,000, and it is the opinion of the department superintendent, expressed in writing, that an assistant superintendent is required, there be appointed such assistant, with the pay and allowances of lieutenant of cavalry.

In all cases necessary transportation to be allowed to such superintendent.

Fifth. That there be appointed such clerks and foremen as may be necessary to carry out the details of this organization, with wages of from $ 1 to $ 3 a day, graduated according to the character of their duties.

And, finally, that there be detailed, as superintendent-general of freedmen, an officer of suitable qualifications, not under the rank of a brigadier-general, to whom and to his staff be assigned an office in the War Department, his staff officers acting as secretaries, and otherwise aiding him in his duties of supervision.

It will be seen that this organization presupposes three grades of superintendents, besides a chief as central head, thus:

One superintendent-general of freedmen for the United States.

Department superintendents - one for each superintendency, comprising not less than a State.

Resident superintendents - one for each residency, with not less than 3,000 freedmen to care for.

Assistant superintendents - one to aid the resident superintendent when the number of freedmen within the residency exceeds 7,000 or 8,000.

Together with the needful clerks and foremen.

The plan will not, the Commission believe, be deemed unnecessarily elaborate when the possibility is taken into account that the colored population, for whose supervision it is prepared, may reach the number of a million or a million and a half before the current year expires.

