
spared us, as addition to the horrors of a civil war, is due, it would seem, rather to that absence of revenge and blood- thirstiness which characterized this race than to the lack either of courage or of any other quality that makes the hardy combatant, for these the negro appears, so far as we have tried him in civilized warfare, to possess (a). And in such warfare is it fitting that the African race seek its own social salvation" The negro must fight for emancipation of he is to be emancipated.

If, them, emancipation be the price of national unity and of peace, and if people, to be emaciated, must draw the sword in their own cause, then is the future with an act an act of justice, on our part, toward people of another race; the is it the sole condition under which we may expect, and, if history speak truth, the sole condition under which we shall attain, domestic tranquility, that we shall give the negro an opportunity of working out, on those battle-fields that are to decide our own national destiny, his destiny, whether as slave or as freedman, at the same time.

The Commission have been instructed to report how colored freedmen "can be most usefully employed in the service of the Government of the suppression of the rebellion." The above remarks may suffice as the record of their profound conviction, that no more effectual aid can be ha in the speedy suppression of the rebellion and

a At the moment of writing this newspapers of the day arrive, containing the following private letter an actor in the fight at Milliken's Bend, and an eyewitness of the desperate valor of the negro troops there engaged. It appeared originally in the Galena (Ill.) Advertiser, and bears the marks of truth and accuracy:

"THE GREAT GALLANTRY OF THE NEGRO TROOPS AT MILLIKEN'S BEND.

"We publish below a very interesting letter of Captain, M. M. Miller, of this city, of the Ninth Louisiana (colored) Regiment. Captain M. is a son of W. H. Miller, esq., for many years a citizens of Galena. At the time of the breaking out of the rebellion he was a student in Yale College, and had nearly completed his course. He left studies, however, and returned home; enlisted as a private in the celebrated Washborne Lead Mine Regiment, from whence he was taken and made captain of a colored company. His statement can be relied on a liter ally true, and we venture to say the history of the world shown no more desperate fighting than that by his company at Milliken's Bend. Every maned but one in his company was either killed or wounded, and many of them in a hand-to-hand bayonet struggle:

MILLKEN'S BEND, June 10, 1863.

DEAR AUNT: We were attacked here on June 7, about 3 o"clock in the morning by a brigade of Texas troops, about 2,500 in number. We had about 600 men to withstand them, 500 of them negroes. I commanded Company I, Ninth Louisiana. We went into the fight with 33 men. IU had 16 killed and 11 badly wounded. 4 slightly. I was wounded slightly on the head, near the right eye, with a bayonet, and had a bayonet run thought my right hand near the forefinger; that will account for this miserable style of penmanship.

"Our regiment had about 300 men in the fight. We had 1 colonel wounded, 4 captains wounded, 2 first and 2 second lieutenants killed, 5 lieutenants wounded, and 3 white orderlies killed and 1 wounded in the hand and two fingers taken off. The list of killed and wounded officers comprise nearly all the officers present with the regiment, a majority of the rest being absent recruiting.

"We had about 50 men killed in there regiment and 80 wounded, so you can judge of what part of the fright my company sustained. I never felt more rived and sick at heart than when I was how my braze soldiers had been slaughtered, one with six wounds, all the rest with two or three, none less than two wounds. Two of my colored sergeants were killed, both brave, noble men; always prompt, vigilant, and ready for the fray. I never more wish to hear the expression, "The naggers wont fight." Come with me 100 yards from where I sit and I can show

