
the produce of their labor may be of great importance, in view of the possible scarcity of provisions next season thought the South, consequent on the destruction and consumption incident to war and the non-cultivation of many plantations, whether by express combination of planters or from other causes.

It is here worthy of remark that in receiving any given number of colored emigrants from the rebel States a much larger proportion of field laborers is to be found than in the same under of white emigrants, the reason being that the woman as well as well as the men-even girls of fifteen and upward-are usually accustomed to plantation labor, and often, from force of habit, prefer it to any other. This is an important item in estimating the aid which may be derived from negro refugees.

Upon the whole, the Commission conclude that there is not the least risk that such refugees will flock to us more rapidly than they are needed and than they can be able to induce them to join us in such numbers and as speedily as is to be desired. It is in our own hands to hasten the time increase the number, and it is doubtful whether in the conduct of the war there is a more important duty to perform.

All which is respectfully submitted.

ROBERT DALE OWEN, JAMES McKAYE, SAML. G. HOWE,

Commissioners.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, G. C., June 30, 1863.

Major General GEORGE C. THOMAS,

Militia of the District of Columbia:

SIR: The President of the United States directs that your order out for immediate service eighth regiments of there militia infantry of this District.

They must be paraded as soon as practicable, and will be mustered into the U. S. service for sixty days, unless sooner discharged.

The Ordnance Department will issue the necessary arms and equipments, and the Adjutant-General will designate officers to muster the militia into service to existing orders. The troops thus called out will be under your command.

You will please of the uniformed volunteer cavalry and infantry of the District present themselves for muster into U. S.service, in accordance with the provisions of the order, they will be accepted.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, D. C., June 30, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: i have the honor to report that official information has been received at this office relative to the combative liability of white

