
OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL FOR STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Harrisburg, Pa., June 30, 1863.

Colonel J. B. Fry,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington City, D. C.

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that I anticipate considerable delay in the executing of orders contained in the communication from your office of the 11th instant, in consequence principally of the want of information as to the persons with whom I should hold communication relative thereto. Immediately on its receipt I wrote to Colonel Whipple, military commandant at Philadelphia, expressing the object to be attained, as well [as] the desire that if competent to act in the matter he would refer it to the proper authority.

I have received no answer, and respectfully suggest that an order from Washington in the proper direction would prevent the delays which now seem inevitable.

I feel impelled also to ask your attention in proving for a more permanent guard or military force to assist the provost-marshals in the mining district than those furnished at present. Captain Tower, provost-martial at Pottsville, informs me that General Haldeman, in Philadelphia, has authorized the withdrawal of the guard at Pottsville. In consequence I have telegraphed to General Dana requesting him to interfere and prevent it, for of the vary serious consequences which it would occasion to the Government.

In fact, it is as much as I can do, with the constant presence of these guards, to prevent a general rising and widespread opposition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. V. BOMFORD,

Lieutenant Colonel 16th U. S. Infty., Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for Pa.

PROVIDENCE, June 30, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

It is hardly to complete the cavalry regiment for three years or the war before the draft,if ordered as soon as indicated in your dispatch of 29th instant. Cannot the draft be delayed until made general and give tome to complete the regiment by volunteers? If not, the only hope of success upon such limited notice of authority to raise it for three years would be that volunteers so enlisted would be credited upon a second draft, if made upon this State. Three years would be preferred by the cavalry and the regiment could be filled promptly, if even a limited time was given before the draft, or that delayed a few weeks.

JAMES Y. SMITH,

Governor.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 30, 1863.

Governor J. Y. SMITH,

Providence, R. I.:

The first draft will be for the first proportion part of the quota of each State. When the second draft shall be made, credit will be given for all men who may have, up to that time, volunteered for three years or the war.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

