
It is made the special duty of every officer recruiting volunteers to see that the required information is given in this column on the rolls of men presented by him for muster.

Mustering officers ar hereby directed to see that this requirement is complied with, as far as possible, before troops are mustered in.

Each mastering officer will, immediately after having completed the muster into service of any regiment of detachment of volunteers make a report to the Provost-Marshal-General of the respective places at which the men were enrolled under the enrollment act, in accompanying form, marked A.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

A.

Report of muster into service of the One Hundred and ninety-ninth Regiment of New York Volunteers.

Enrolled under enrollment act.

Total	 No	 Town or	 Countr	 State

strengt	 	 ward.	 y.	 .

h.

199th Regiment New	 950	 95 	 Eighteenth	 New	 New

York	 	 	 Ward, New	 York.. 	 York.

Volunteers,mustere	 	 	 York City.

d into service

Aug. N. YT., by	 	 100 	 Fifth Ward	 Kings. 	 Do.

Captain John	 	 	 Brooklyn...

Smith, 10th

Infantry, U. S.	 	 200 	 Jamaica..... 	 Queens	 Do.

A., mustering	 	 	 	 .

officer.	 	 100 	 Hoboken..... 	 Hudson 	 New

Jerse

220 	 First Ward,	 New	 y.

Ne York	 York. 	 New

City. 	 	 York.

50 	 Flatbush.... 	 Kings. 	 Do.

185

Yonkers..... 	 Westch	 Do.

ester.

Total.............	 950	 950

STATE OF INDIANA OFFICE ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Indianapolis, July 2, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal General:

SIR: Your communication of the 28th ultimo, in which you so kindly expressed you approval of the manner in which the affairs of your Burneau have been managed in this State, was duly received. I highly appreciate the favorable opinion expressed of my official action and shall endeavor not to forfeit it in future.

The newspaper reports as to the condition of affairs in Monroe County were exaggerations of the truth. Colonel Biddle, who was in command of the troops sent there, did, request that one section of a battery might be sent to him, and it was done, out of abundant caution and to be prepared for any contingency that might arise. He was instructed to adopt the very policy indicated in your letter, namely, that if compelled to strike at all, to do it which vigor determination as to prevent the necessity of a repetition of the blow.

The enrollment lists that had been taken from the enrolling officer were recaptured, the principal offenders arrested, and the enrollment of the disaffected district completed without a conflict.

