
The officers and enlisted men selected under this order must be judicious and reliable. To these requirements commanding officers of divisions and brigades will give their personal attention.

The commandants of rendezvous will be informed of the number of drafted men to be sent to each regiment. They will lose no time in preparing the detachments and placing them en route for their regiments as soon as the requisite number can be made up.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 38. Washington, D. C., July 3, 1863.

Paragraph II of Circular Numbers 34, from this office is, so far modified as to require every drafted person claiming, by reason of having paid the sum of $300, under section 13 of the "Act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved March 3, 1863,to present duplicate receipts from the receive of communication money, for such amount, to the Board of Enrollment of his district, in order to receive therefrom a certificate of exemption from further liability under that draft, according to the form prescribed in the Regulations for the Government of the Bureau of the Provost-marshal-General of the United States. No board of enrollment shall give such certificate of exemption upon the presentation of one copy only of the receipt from the receiver of communication money; they shall in all cases require the receipt from the receiver of commutation money; they shall in all cases require the receipt to be in duplicate.

When the certificate shall have been given the Board shall return one copy of the receipt to the drafted man, and shall retain the other to be forwarded to the Provost-Marshal-General with the weekly abstract of persons exempted from military service.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 3, 1863.

MAJOR: I inclose herewith letters to the Boards of Enrollment of the Fifth and Seventh Districts of Massachusetts, directing that a draft be made for 1,851 men and 1,775 men, respectively. Please forward them at once. Your attention is called to the instructions transmitted to you yesterday from this office, which you will observe in these cases.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Copy of above letter sent, with alterations, as follows: Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford, Pennsylvania, Seventh District, 1,892 men.)

