
PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 3, 1865.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts, Boston, Mass.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that orders have this day been sent to the Boards of Enrollment in the First, Fifth, and Seventh District of Massachusetts to make a draft on those district for 1,954, 1,851, and 1,775 men respectfully, of the first class.

I would respectfully invite your attention to the communication of yesterday from this Burneau, and request that the suggestions therein contained be carried out in these cases.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Copies of above letter sent, with alterations, as follows: Governor Buckingham, Connecticut, Second District, 1,939 men: Governor Seymour, new York, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty- eight Districts, respectively, 2,252 2,165 and 2,260 men; Governor Holbrook, Vermont, Second and Third District, respectively, 1,763 and 1,447 men; Governor Curtin, Pennsylvania, Fourth, Seventh, and Twenty-seventh District, respectively, 2,744, 2,712, and 1,892 men. Similar letter to Governer Seymour, New York, ordering draft, July 9, Fifth District, 3,390; July 10. Twenty-second District, 2,068 men; also to Governor Curtin and Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford, Pennsylvania, ordering draft, August 6, Sixteenth and Seventeenth Districts, respectively, 2,267 and 1,985 men; August 7 Fifteenth District, 2, 307 men.)

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 3, 1863.

Brigadier General T. G. PITCHER,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for Vermont, Montpelier, Vt.:

GENERAL: In the present crisis it is not probable that sufficient military force can be furnished you to suppress successfully at one and the same time a resistance to the draft in your State should such occur simultaneously in any great number of the district under your charge. In such case you must collect what force you can in one designated disaffected district, and by such assistance complete the draft in that one without endeavoring at this time to enforce it in any other one similarly affected. The draft in any other districts not disaffected can be continued in the meanwhile.

When this shall have been done for one disaffected district you will remove your force to some other one and successfully complete the draft from all the districts under your charge shall have been fully furnished by them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Similar letter sent, July 7, to Captain Baily, Maine, also one to Colonel Baker, Indiana, August 18. Copies of above letter sent to Major Mack, new Hampshire; Major Perkins, Connecticut; Major Clarke, Massachusetts; Captain Silvey, Ehiode Island; Major Townsend, Northern Division of New York; Colonel Nugent, Southern Division of New York; Major Diven, Western Division of new York; Lieutenant-Colonel Bomford, Pennsylvania.)

