
Brigadier General Thomas L. Kane, U. S. Volunteers, to command the depot for drafted men at Pittsburg, Pa.

* * * *

Brigadier General R. L. Viele, U. S. Volunteers, to command the depot for drafted men at Annapolis Junction, Md.

* * * *

Brigadier General Mason Brayman, U. S. Volunteers, to command the depot for drafted men at Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio.

* * * *

Brigadier General John s. Mason, U. S. Volunteers, in addition to his present duties, to command the depot for drafted men at Camp Dennison, Cincinnati, Ohio.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MILITIA,In the Field, Washington, July 5, 1863-10 a. m.

Colonel J. B. FRY, U. S. Army,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: The exemptions from the order calling out the militia cover one entire regiment (Colonel Bright's Second) of militia and two companies of volunteers, at the navy-yard; nearly the whole of Colonel Tait's (First) regiment, employed in and around the Capitol; the same of Colonel Smith's (Third) regiment, employes at the arsenal, &amp;c.; the same of Colonel Davis" (Fourth) regiment, Colonel Middleton's (Fifth) regiment, Colonel Phillip's (Sixth) regiment, and Colonel Easby's (Seventh) regiment, and the Eight is not yet perfectly organized.

The railroad men, the printers, the druggists, the city and general post-office, and 9,000 men in the Quartermaster's Department are all exempted by order, and in one of the militia bureaus at least, as am informed, a captain of one of the regiments has been threatened with dismissal if he obeys the order. In view of these facts it will be at once seen that an order should be issued postponing action on that calling out the troops until some compulsory measure be adopted which will enable me to enforce the order to bring every man out, and thus not to bring a seeming discredit upon the order of the President.

I would also ask for the appointment of a judge-advocate and assistant to receive and act upon those cases claiming exemption under the law. I would urge the necessity of publishing an order so that I may issue one in conformity thereto and have the same published in the morning papers.

The people have shown every willingness to obey this call; the officers have been prompt and efficient in enrolling and notifying, but exemption has nullified every effort.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

GEO. C. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Since writing the above I have received the accompanying communication from the several colonels of regiments of the District militia pertinent two the difficulties of raising the force under the exemption orders.

Very respectfully, &c.,,

GEO. OC. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

