
Congress could be ascertained. It is important there should be no conflict, and opinion seems to be unsettled on this specific point. My own views is to leave it to the discretion of the President, to be exercised according to the circumstances of each particular case. In a day or two I may be able to give an answer.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 45. Washington, February 16, 1863.

REGULATIONS FOR THE CARE OF THE FIELD-WORKS, AND THE GOVERNMENT OF THEIR GARRISONS.

1. It will be the duty of the commanding officer of each work to provide for the care of the armament, and the safety and serviceable condition of the magazines, ammunition, implements, and equipments, and by frequent personal inspections, to secure the observance of the rules prescribed for this purpose.

2. The fixed armament, consisting of the heavy guns, and those whose positions are prescribed, will be numbered in a regular series, commencing with the first gun on the right, as you enter, of the main gate. The ammunition will be kept in the magazines, with the exception of a few stand of grape, canister, and the solid shot, which will be piled near guns.

3. The gun carriages will be kept clean; they will be traversed daily, and never be allowed to rest for two successive days on the same part of the traverse circle. If the gun carriage does not move easily on the chassis, the tongue will be occasionally greased. The gun carriage should not rest habitually on one part of the chasis.

4. The elevating screw and its box will be kept clean and well greased. When the guns are not in use the screw will be run down as far as it will go, the breech of the piece being raised until the muzzle is sufficintly depressed to prevent water running into it, and kept in that position by a wooden quoin or block. The tompion to be kept in the muzzle, and the apron over the vent.

5. The piece is not to be kept loaded. It will be time to load when the enemy appears, or when special orders to load are given.

6. The commanding officer will see that a shed is constructed for the implements and equipments. For each drill these will be issued to the gunners by the ordnance-sergeant or other non- commissioned officer acting as such, who will receive and put them away after the drill is over, and be at all time responsible to the commanding officer for their safety, and that the supply is adequate. Until sheds are provided, the implements will be kept near the pieces. The equipments (haversacks, tube pouch, &amp;c.) may be kept at the entrance of the magazine, where they will be sheltered. Platforms for projectiles will be laid near the guns; for canisters a couple of pieces of scantling for skids will answer. A watershed, made by joining two boards together at the edges, should be placed over them. When the wooden sabots get wet they and burst the canisters, so that they cannot be put into the gun. When this happens, dry the canister until the block shrinks sufficiently, and tack the canister edges together.

7. When not furnished by the Engineer Department, materials for constructing the sheds and for skidding will be furnished on requisitions made to the chief of artillery.

