
[Indorsement.]

JULY 5, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

The long neglect of the militia laws in this District and the large number of exemption it has been found necessary or expedient to grant in connection with the late call for eight regiments render it exceedingly difficult at this time to get that call filled. In consideration of this, and the fact that late military operations in Pennsylvania have rendered the necessity for more troops in this city less imperative that it might otherwise have been, I recommend that action on my letter to Major-general Thomas calling out eight regiments of District be suspended until further orders.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

In addition to the above nearly all the Government employes many thousands, are organized in their respective e departments under their own officers.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Inclosure.]

Major General GEORGE C. THOMAS,

Commanding Militia, District of Columbia:

GENERAL: The colonels of the several regiments of the militia of the District of Columbia would respectfully represent that, owing to serious difficulties which they have been unable to overcome, it will be impossible for them to carry out the order directing them to have the eighth regiments comprising their respective commands mustered into service of the United States.

The number of persons exempted by special orders, which override the law under which the militia in enrolled and called it service, has so thinned the regiment that but a small proportion of the regular militia can be obtained for actual duty.

Under these circumstances they would respectfully request that the order of June 30, signed by Colonel Fry, bed rescinded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servants,

JAMES A. TAIT,

Colonel First Regiment Militia, District of Columbia.

JAMES Y. DAVBIS,

Colonel Second Regiment Militia, District of Columbia.

JOHN L. SMITH,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Militia, District of Columbia.

WILLIAM H. PHILLIP,

Colonel Fifth Regiment Militia, District of Columbia.

L. J. Middleton,

Colonel Sixth Regiment Militia, District of Columbia.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 6, 1863.

Major-General SCHENCK,

Baltimore:

The chief of Bureau for Organizing Colonel Troops will issue an order for organizing a regiment in your department, and Colonel

