
instant. I anticipate no serious resistance to the draft in any part of the State, except Rutland and vicinity, amongst the Irish laborers in the marble quarries. To meet them I propose organizating all the force that can be raised at this place I hope will be sufficient to carry out the laws.

Captain Crane, First District, will be ready to-moment the draft to-morrow, and i think the others will be ready as they are called upon.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. G. PITCHER,

Brigadier General, U. S. Volunteers, Act. Asst. Prov. March General

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 8, 1863.

Major T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Adjutant-General's Office:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that a draft has this day been ordered in the following States and districts:

Date.	 State.	 District.	 Number

of

men.

July 8	 Connecticut............	 Fourth......	 2,021

8	 New York...............	 Seventh.....	 3,452

8	 .....do................	 Twenty-fifth	 1,936

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

METROPOLITAN HOTEL,

New York, July 8, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Notice has been given me that it is designed to march the Fifty- fifth Massachusetts Regiment, colored troops, through our streets on Monday next. The recent victories have more than ever excited a portion of our city population against the negroes. Every day my men are engaged in protecting negroes from unjustifiable attacks, and the bad feeling is on the increase, mainly on the part if the returned two-years" soldiers, whose antipathies are stronger than before they went to the Potomac.

Save us from riot and possible bloodshed by letting these Massachusetts troops be transported from a sea-port nearer their encampment than this is. In the absence of all the militia force now on active duty at the seat of war, there is nothing by the police here to secure peace and good order.

JOHN A. KENNEDY,

Superintendent.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 8, 1863.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston:

Events on the Mississippi may render a change of destination for your colored regiments very desirable. You will therefore retain

