
them in Boston until further orders. Two or three days will probably determine the question as to where they can be most useful.

Please acknowledge the receipt of this, and inform me immediately when they can be ready to embark for New Orleans.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJ. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 9, 1863.

ORDER ABOLISHING THE MILITARY GOVERNORSHIP OF ARKANSAS.

Ordered, That the appointment of John S. Phelps as Military Governor of the State of Arkansas and of Amos F. Eno as secretary be revoked, and the office of military governor in said State ius abolished, and that all authority, appointments, and power heretofore granted to and exercised by them, or either of them, as Military Governor or secretary, or by any person or persons appointed by or acting under them, is hereby revoked and annulled by Order of the President:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJ. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 212. Washington, July 9, 1863.

I. The Invalid Corps will be organized in companies of two classes or battalions.

II. Those men enlisted in, or transferred to, the Invalid Corps who are most efficient and able-bodied, cable of using the musket, performing guard duty, making light marches, &amp;c., will be assigned to companies of the First Battalion. Those of a minor degree of physical efficiency, or who possess special qualifications as cooks, nurses, or clerks, and whose services are required in hospitals, will be assigned to companies of the First Battalion will be employed mainly as provost guards and guards in cities, &c. They will be armed with musters, and will not be liable to active campaigns with the field armies.

IV. Companies of the Second Battalion will be armed with side- arms only, and will be employed i hospitals as cooks, nurses, clerks orderlies, &c., and as guards to hospitals or other public buildings.

V. The rolls of men for the Invalid Corps required by General Orders, Nos. 105 and 173, current series, from this Department, will state in each case the nature of the disability and the battalion for which the man is qualified.

VI. In all general hospitals and convalescent camps these rolls will be prepared and sent direct to the Provost-Marshal-General immediately after each regular muster. Convalescents will be required to perform such hospital or military duty as they are capable of until such time as the medical officer in charge can decide, finally, whether they are fit for duty with their regiments, for transfer to the First or Second Battalion of the Invalid Corps, or proper subjects for discharge on surgeon's certificate.

