
7. Decided feebleness of constitution, whether natural or acquired. Soldiers over fifty and under eighteen years of age are proper subject for the Invalid Corps.

8. Chronic rheumatism, if manifested by positive change of structure, wasting or contraction of the muscles of the affected limb, or puffiness or distortion of the joints.

9. Pain, if accompanied with manifest derangement of the general health, wasting of a limb, or other positive sign of disease.

10. Loss of sight of right eye; partial loss of sight of both eyes, or permanent diseases of either eye affecting the integrity or use of the other eye, vision being impaired to such a degree as clearly to incapacitate for field service. Loss of sight of left eye, or incurable diseases or imperfection of that eye not effecting the use of the right eye, not requiring medical treatment, do not disqualify for field service.

11. Myopia, if very decided or depending upon s of the eye. Hemfirmed.

12. Purulent otorrhoea; partial deafness, if in degree sufficient to prevent hearing words of command as usually given.

13. Stammering unless excessive and confirmed.

14. Chronic aphonia has long resisted treatment, the voice remaining too feeble to give an order or an alarm, but yet sufficiently distinct of intelligible conversation.

15. Incurable deformities of either jaw sufficient to impede but not to prevent mastication or deglutition. Loss of a sufficient number of teeth to prevent proper mastication of food.

16. Torticollis,if of long standing and well marked.

17. Hernia,; abdomen grossly protuberant ; excessive obesity.

18. Internal hemorrhoids. Fistula in an, if extensive or complicated, with visceral disease. Prolapsus ani.

19. Stricture of the urethra.

20. Loss or complete atrophy of both testicles from any cause; permanent retraction of one or both testicles within the inguinal canal.

21. Varicocele and cirsocele, if excessive or painful; simple sarcocele, if not excessive nor painful.

23. Wounds, fractures, injuries, tumors, atrophy of a limb, or chronic diseases of the joints or bones that would impede marching or prevent continuous muscular execution.

25. Anchylosis of the shoulder, elbow, wrist, knee, or ankle joint.

26. Irreducible dislocation of the shoulder, elbow, wrist, or ankle joint in which the bones have accommodated themselves to their new relations.

27. Muscular of cutaneous contractions from wounds or burns in a degree sufficient to prevent useful motion of a limb.

28. Total loss of a thumb, loss of ungual phalanx of right thumb, permanent contraction or extension of either thumb.

29. Total loss of any two fingers of the same hand.

30. Total loss of index finger of right hand; loss of second and third phalanges of index finger of right hand; loss of second and third phalanges of index-finger of right hand, if the stump is tender or the motion of the first phalanx is impaired. Los of the third phalanx does not incapacitate for fired service.

31. Loss of the second and third phalanges of all the fingers of either hand.

