
23. Permanent extension or permanent contraction of any finger except the little finger; all the fingers adherent or united.

33. Total loss of either great toe; loss of any three toes on the same foot; all the toes joined together.

34. Deformities of the toes, if sufficient to prevent marching.

35. Large, flat, shaped feet that do not come within the designation of talipes vagus, but are sufficiently malformed to prevent marching.

36. Varicose veins of inferior extremities, if large and numerous, having clusters of knots, and accompanied with chronic swellings.

37. Extensive, deep, and adherent cicatrices of lower extreme.

X. Soldiers having nervous debility or excitability of the heart, impeded respiration from curable causes, chronic dyspepsia, chronic diarrhea, chronic disorders of the kidneys or ladder, incontinence of urine, aphonia, hemeralopia, or other disease or infirmity not incurable, are not to be recommended for the Invalid Corps until they have been under medical treatment or observation a sufficient length of time to make it extremely probable, if ot certain, that they will not be fit for active field service during any considerable portion of their period of enlisted.

XI. Soldiers who have lost an arm, forearm, hand, thigh, leg, or foot may be discharged from the Army on surgeon's certificate, if they so elect.

XII. None of the foregoing disabilities disqualify officers for service in the Invalid Corps, but some of the may be so aggravated or complicated as to unfit for any serve. All such cases should be discharged.

XIII. In all cases where the physical infirmities of officers or enlisted men come within the provisions of the above list they will be recommended for transfer to or enlistment in the Invalid e will be admitted into this corps whose previous record does not show that he is meritorious and deserving, and that he has complied with the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 105, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, 1863, authorizing and Invalid Corps.

Physical infirmities that disqualify enlisted men for service in the Invalid Corps.

1. Manifest imbecility or insanity.

2. Epilepsy, if the seizures occur more frequently then once a month, and have obviously impaired the mental faculties.

3. Paralysis or chorea.

4. Organic diseases of the brain or spinal cord; of the heart or lungs; of the stomach or intestines; of the liver or spleen; of the kidneys or bladder, so extensive and long continued as to have seriously impaired the general health, or so well marked sa to leave no reasonable doubt of the man's incapacity for service in the Invalid Corps.

5. Confirmed consumption, caner, aneurism of important arterist.

6. Inveterate and extensive disease of the skin.

7. Scrofula or constitution syphilis, which has resisted treatment and seriously impaired the general health.

8. Habitual or confirmed intemperance, or solitary vice, sufficient in degree to have materially enfeebled the constitution.

9. Great injuries or diseases of the skull, occasioning impairment of the intellectual faculties, epilepsy, or other serious nervous or spasmodic symptoms.

