
10. Total loss of slight, partial loss of both eyes, and permanent diseases of either eye affecting the integrity and use of the other eye, vision being so greatly impaired as to leave no reasonable doubt of the man's incapacity for service in the Invalid Corps.

11. Loss of nose, or deformity of nose, if sufficient seriously to obstruct respiration; ozena, id dependent upon caries.

12. Deafness.

13. Dumbness, permanent loss of voice.

14. Total loss of tongue, partial loss, and hypertrophy or atrophy of tongue, if sufficient to make the speech unintelligible and prevent mastication or deglutition.

15. Incurable deformities of either jaw, whether congenital or produced by accident, which would prevent mastication or greatly injure the speech.

16. Tumors of the neck, impeding respiration or deglutionynx or trachea.

17. Deformity of the chest sufficient to impede respiration or tho prevent the carrying of arms and military equipments; caries of the ribs.

18. Artificial anus; severe stricture of the rectum.

19. Total loss, or nearly total loss, of penis; epispadias or hypospadia at the middle or nearer penis; stone in the bladder.

20. Incurable permanent organic stricture of the urethra, in which the urine in passed drop by drop, or which is completed by disease of the bladder; urinary fistula.

21. Confirmed or malignant sarcocele; hydrocele, if complicated with organic disease of the testes.

22. Excessive anterior or posterior curvature of the spine; caries of the spine; lumbar abscess.

23. Anchylosis of hip joint.

24. Irreducible dislocation hip or knee joint.

25. Large chronic ulcers of lower extremities.

XIV. In all cases where the physical infirmities of an officer or enlist man can come within the provisions of this list, or where his previous record shows that he is not entitled to be received into the Invalid Corps, he will, if in service, be discharged; and if an applicant to re-enter, his application will be disapproved.

XV. All orders or parts of orders inconsistent with the foregoing are revoked.

By order of the Decretory of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 41. Washington, D. C., July 9, 1863.

INSTRUCTIONS RELATIVE TO MAKING THE DRAFT.

I. Provost-marshals will cause the name of each person of the first class enrolled to be written on a card as soon as the enrollment lists are completed. These cards must be uniform in size, shape, and color.

II. The cards are then to be assorted by sub-district, verified by comparison with the enrollment lists, and placed in an envelope

