
8. The magazines must in dry weather be frequently aired. For this purpose the ventilators and doors will be opened after 9 a. m., and must be closed, at latest, two hours before sunset. The ammunition for different classes of guns will be carefully assorted, and the shelves, boxes, or barrels containing each kind plainly marked. When there is more than one magazine the ammunition will be so distributed as to be nearest to the particular guns from which it is to be used. Cartridges must be moved and, if necessary, rolled once a week, to prevent caking of the powder. Friction-primers will be carefully dried in the sun once a week, and always after a day's or night's rain. At least two lanyards for each gun will be kept in store. As soon as received, their hooks will be tested, to see if they are sufficintly small to enter the eye of the primer and yet strong enough for use.

9. No person will be allowed to enter the magazines except on duty, and then every precaution against accidents will be taken. Lights must always be in glass lanters, and carried only by the person in charge of the magazine. Swords, pistols, canes, &amp;c., will not be admitted, no matter what may be the rank of the person carrying them. Socks or moccasins will be worn, if they can be procured. No fire nor smoking will be allowed in the vicinity when the doors or ventilators are open. Too much pains cannot possibly be taken to avoid the chances of an explosion.

10. Companies will be assigned to guns in such proportions as will furnish at least two, preferably three, reliefs in working from the magazines. From fifteen to twenty men should therefore be assigned to each gun, and instructed in its use. Companies should habitually serve the same guns, each man being assigned a special number at the gun, and thoroughly instructed in all its duties, and, as occasion offers, in the duties of all the numbers. Every night, at retreats or tattoo, the men who are to man the guns in case of a night attack should be paraded at their pieces and inspected, to see that all their equipments, implements, and ammunition are good order, and the gun in serviceable condition and easy working order. The men so stationed should "call off" their numbers before being dismissed, and in case of alarm repair at once to their posts, equip themselves, and await orders.

11. Each gun should be under charge of a non-commissioned officer, and every two or three guns under a lieutenant, who will be responsible to the captain for their serviceable condition at all times. The captain will be responsible to the commanding officer for the condition of the pieces and the instruction of the men of his company. Artillery drills will be frequent until all the men are well instructed, and there will never be less one artillery drill a day when the weather will permit. For action, all the cannoneers not actually serving the guns will be provided with muskets, and will be stationed next the guns to which they belong.

12. Each company should be supplied with three copies of the Tactics for Heavy Artillery, and rigidly adhere to its directions. Tables of ranges will be found in the work. One copy of Instructions for Field Artillery should be supplied each company. They can be obtained on written application to the chief of artillery, who will obtain them from the Adjutant-General of the Army. The books so drawn are the property of the United States for the use of the company; they will be borne on the muster-rolls.

