
PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 10, 1863.

Major T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Adjutant-General's Office.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that a draft has this day been order in the following States and district:

Date. 	 State.	 District.	 Number

of men.

July 10	 New York...............	 Twenty-	 2,068

second....

10	 Pennsylvania...........	 Third.....	 3,015

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF INDIANA,

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Indianapolis, July 10, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: In consequence of Morgan's raid into this State and the fears I entertain that these is an understanding between him and the Knights of the Golden Circle, I have instructed the several provost-marshal that in event of the militia being called away from the neighborhood of the headquarters of the district or any or either of them the rolls shall be so secreted as to put it out the power of domestic enemies to find them. The militia of the State are being called out, and I am apprehensive that domestic traitors may embrace this opportunity to destroy the rolls. This may delay the work a few days, but this is better than to run the risk of having it to do over again. Morgan's raid must of necessity soon terminate, and I trust it will terminate disastrously to him. I have been called upon by the commanding officer of this district to assist in organizing the militia, and have responded to the call, but hope to be able at the same time to keep the business of this office properly attended to.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CONRAD BAKER,

Colonel and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for Indiana.

INDIANA, July 10, 1863.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Quartermaster here has telegraphed Quartermaster-General for authority to turn over to State of Indiana uniforms for Indian Legion, called out to repel invasion, and can get no answer. Please order the issue at once. Troops are being rapidly organized, and many are now ready to move. Answer.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

31 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

