
in good faith, may be permitted to do so on taking the oath of allegiance.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 11, 1863.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts, Boston:

Various circumstances indicate the necessity of relieving the troops at New Orleans and substituting for them troops of African descent. This will be done as far as possible by the organization of troops already acclimated; but it may greatly facilitate that organization to have another regiment like those which you have organized as a standard of organization in that department. This mainly impresses me with the necessity of changing the destination of your Fifty-fifth Regiment, although I have not absolutely determined upon the change. Any consideration which you may be disposed to present will be attently considered.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, July 11, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Please authorize me to issue arms to the volunteer militia of Ohio for border defense. You have about 15, 000 stand of arms in our arsenal unfit for service in the field.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJ. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 307. Washington, July 11, 1863.

* * * *

3. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 296, current series, as assigned Brigadier General Mason Bryman. U. S. Volunteers, to command the depot for drafted men at Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio, is hereby revoked, and General Brayman is hereby assigned to command the depot for drafted men at Camp Dennison, Cincinnati, Ohio.

4. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 269, current series, as assigned Brigadier General John S. Mason, U. S. Volunteers to command the depot for drafted men at Camp Dennison, Cincinnati, Ohio is hereby revoked, and General Mason is hereby assigned to command the depot for drafted men at Camp, Columbus, Ohio.

* * * *

By orders of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 11, 1863.

His Excellency JAMES Y. SMITH,

Governor of Rhode Island, Providence:

This Department is highly gratified at the patriotic spirit manifested by your people in relation to the draft, and on its part will be

