
States, may be enlisted in any regiment they chose, new or old; and when mustered into the U. S. service, will be entitled to all the benefits provided by General Orders, Numbers 191, for recruiting veteran volunteers.

A regiment, battalion, or company shall bear the title of "veteran" only in case at least one-half its numbers, at the time of muster into U. S. serve, are "veteran volunteers."

II. The benefits provided by General Orders, Numbers 191, for veteran volunteers, will be extended to men who re-enlisted prior to the promulgation of that order, pivoted they have fulfilled the conditions therein set forth.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 14, 1863.

Major-General BUTLER,

Lowell:

I thank you for the suggestion contained in your telegram. Instructions have been given the Provost-Marshal-General to correct the mischief at once.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 14, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Vicksburg:

GENERAL: Your letter to the President of June 19, forwarding one from General Sherman to you June 2, in regard to filling up old regiments with drafted men, has been sent to me for reply.

The course you recommend was determined on by the War Department some time ago, and will be carried out as soon as the draft is made.

Permit me to call your attention to the propriety of sending such communications through the proper military channels. They will in that way receive an earlier attention, for there is always much delay in referring them back. Moreover, that course will be in compliance with army Regulations and the usages of the service.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CHICAGO, ILL., July 14, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

A regiment can be immediately organized in Chicago to do service anywhere in the State, provided arms can be obtained. Will you furnished the arms? Allow me, also, to repeat my oft-proffered request that you permit me to remise regiments to be armed and disciplined with a view to defend the State against invasion, to suppress insurrection, and to aid the Federal authorities in enforcing the laws. I

