
think ten regiments of militia could be organized here immediately of I could assure arms to them.

Respectfully, yours,

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

R. Y.

Directs answer here.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

FIRST CONGRESSIONAL DESTRUCT OF MICHIGAN,

Detroit, Mich., July 14, 1863.

Major B. H. HILL,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General's for Detroit:

MAJOR: I have consulted with some of the leading of this city, and others of the same shall have called on me at mu office, in relation to the condition of this city and the mob violence that is to apprehended here. There is but one expression of opinion, and that is that there is existing here organized armed body of men in this city to resist the draft. Some estimate it a sigh as 5,000, but that is an idle estimate.

There are ten wards in the city, and I do not believe there is to exceed an average of over 100 or 150 in each ward, making, say, 1,500. I have great doubts as to the existence of any such organized body but there is doubtless a large number of disaffected persons who have threatened violence, and who would instantly join attempted outbreak having for an object the obstruction or prevention of the draft.

This feeling has become intensified to an alarming degree by the successful violence in the city of New York, compelling the graft to be deferred. A spark here would explode the whole and bring it into the most violent action. We have had a negro riot here without the last few months that controlled the city fully, burning some thirty houses, and finally was quailed by the arrival of the Twenty-seventh Michigan Infantry. That mob violence is here now, but intensified a thousand fold.

These, in brief, are the views presented to me, in which I concur. Upon this state of facts they say that it would be the height of folly to attempt the drawing or the enforcement of the draft without a strong military force to protect the office and papers.

Indeed, they have no hesitation is saying that it could not be done, ad further that no officer would be safe in serving notices upon drafted men without adequate protection.

The condition of things is more critical than they have been at any time during the war.

A strong force should be ordered to this city at once.

Yours, respectfully,

JUNumbers S. NEWBERRY,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, First District.

[Indorsement.]

ACTG. ASST . PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Detroit, July 15, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Provost-Marshal-General.

There is in this city but a single company of provost guards and a few men of the Invalid Corps.

