
There are about 100 men (recruits) of the regiment of sharpshooters at Dearborn, but these men will be required to afford protection to the arsenal there. There is no doubt but there is among a portion of the population of this city a most bitter opposition to the Government, and it extends to other portions of the State. I had a conversation with Governor in relation to this subject last evening. He will be again in the city in a few days. To day representations have been made to me of like character to those reported to Captain Newberry, and coming from the source they do, I must say that unless the present mob is put down most summarily in New York the attempt to execute a draft here will lead to similar violence unless supported by a strong military force.

B. H. HILL,

Major, Second Artillery, Actg. Asst, Prov. March General

NEWARK, N. J., July 14, 1863.

Hon WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

A mob destroyed the windows of Captain Miller's dwelling-house. He is the provost-marshal for the Fifth District of New Jersey; also the windows of the Mercury newspaper office. The city authorities did nothing to prevent these outrages. The citizens are at the mercy of ruffians.

BENJ. STAINSBY.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., July 14, 1863.

His Excellency Governor MORGAN,

New York City:

Your telegram of last evening has just reached me. Its valuable suggestions will be adopted as fully as the necessities of the service will admit. While it is the design of the Government to prepare the drafted men by camp instruction in their respective States before sending them to the field, there may be exigencies of sudden invasion that require immediate service. On this and other important points I will be glad to confer with you by letter, if there should not be an early opportunity for personal conference. In the meantime I thank you for the suggestions you have made and for any others that may occur to you.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 14, 1863.

Major A. S. DIVEN,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Elmira, N. Y.:

Suspend the draft for the present in Buffalo.*

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

---------------

* See also Fry to Nugenet to suspend draft in New York City and Brooklyn, Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part II, p. 895.

---------------

