HDQRS. THIRTEENTH DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,Kingston, July 14, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: I desire to submit the following facts in relation to this district:

During the progress of the enrollment the enrolling officer was obstructed in the performance of his duties at various times in the village of Rondout, also in the west part of this town, both localities largely settled by the Irish people., This resistance was mostly made by the Irish women. But for this I should have arrested the parties engaged in this disturbance.

I called upon the Catholic priest, who assured me that all he could do to restore should be done. After this batter order prevailed. By careful management and stratagem we succeeded in making ted enrollment. I had hoped that order would prevail.

I am creditably informed this morning that a large meeting was held at Rondout last evening, mostly made up of the Irish. Sat that meeting resolutions were adopted to resist the draft at all and any hazard, and to-day men are seen at various place in small groups making threats of resistance, &amp;c. Rondout is one mile and a half from these headquarters.

I have consulted with General Samon, the only military officer in this district. He has no military at his command save one horse company, and that is wholly made up of Germans.

I submit these facts to you for your consideration. I desire that the business in this district should be done decently and in order. Again we have no arms in this district and are wholly unprotected except my deputy and two special officers.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JOSHUA FIERO, JR.,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.
HDQRS,. THIRTEENTH DISTRICT ON NEW YORK,Kingston, July 14, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

Still later. I have just been called upon by many of the most prominent men in this village, who are of the opinion that it will require a force of 500 armed men to protect this office if the graft takes place.

At Saugerties, twelve miles from this place, a meeting was held last night attended by some 300 persons, mostly Irish, who hurrahed for Jeff. Davis and Lee, and voted to resist the draft dn visit this place this week on Thursday, supposing the draft to take place at that time.

At Rondout the meeting hurrahed for Jeff. Davis and Lee.

Colonel Buell, who is living in this country, "in sonsiock-list," is now in my office. He says there is not a musket or a gun of any kind in this district that is available.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOSHUA FIERO, JR.,

Captain and Provost-Marshall.

