
PROV. MAR'S OFFICE, FIRST DISTRICT OF MARYLAND,

Easton, July 14, 1863.

Colonel James B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I am daily advised of threatened resistance to officers enrolling i my district. Not only serious threats, but houses have actually been assaulted and fired into.

I have no military force in the district, but have this day asked General R. C. Schenck for three companies of cavalry. For the want of such a sustaining force, the intimidation in such that I am unable to procure the services of enrolling officers in some locates.

The purpose of this communication is to have your co-operation in speedily obtaining the necessary assistance, and also to advise you of the difficulties to a speedy performance of my official duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JOHN FRAZIER, JHR.,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, First District of Maryland.

PROVIDENCE,. R. I., July 14, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I was highly gratified to learn your disposition in reference to our drafted men. I shall be happy to do all in my power that will secure to the service the greatest efficiency. All colored men now drafted (about sixty) I desire assigned to our colored company of heavy artillery, to build and men the fortification on Dutch Island, Under direction of Major E. B. Hunt. Out drafted men go into camp on the 15th instant, therefore a prompt reply will oblige.

JAMES Y. SMITH,

Governor of Rhode Island.

BURLINGTON, VT., July 14, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: It is reported to me from various quarters that men are leaving this State and neighboring States in large numbers to evade the draft. Yesterday on my way from Brattleborough to this place the conductor of the train informed me that he had some thirty men on the train from Massachusetts whom he felt sure were going to Canada to evade the draft. The provost-marshal of the First District reports to evade the draft. The provost-marshal of the First District reports that the Irish laborers in the disaffected region in his district are leaving in large numbers. Reports from various parts of the State are of the same character.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. G. PITCHER,

Brigadier-General, Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

It has pleased Almighty God to hearken to the supplications and prayers of any afflicted people, and to vouchsafe to the Army and the Navy

