
of the United States victories on long and on the sea so signal and so effective as to furnish reasonable grounds for augmented confidence that the Union of these States will be mentioned, their Constitution preserved, and their peace and prosperity permanently restored. But these victories have been accorded not without sacrifices of life, limb, halted, and liberty, incurred by brave, loyal, and patriotic citizens.

Domestic afflictions in every part of the country follow in the train of these fearful bereavements. It is meet and right to recognize and confess the presence of the Almighty Farther and the power of His hand equally in these triumphs nd in these sorrows.

Now, therefore, be it known that I do set apart Thursday, the sixth day of August next, to be observed as a day of notal thanksgiving, praise, and prayer, and I invite the people of the United States to assemble on that occasion in their customary places of worship, and, in the forms approved by their own consciences, render the homage due to the Divine Majesty for the wonderful things He has done in the Nation's behalf, and to invoke the influence of His Holy Spirit to subdue the engager which has produced and so long sustained a needless and cruel rebellion, to change, the hearts of the insurgents, to guide the counsels of the Government with wisdom adequate to so great a national emergency, and to visit with tender care and consolidation throughout the length and breadth of our land all the who, through the vicissitudes of marches, voyages, battles, and sieges, have been brought to suffer in mind, body, or state, and finally to lead the whole Nation, thorough the paths of repentance and submission to the Divine will, back to the perfect enjoyment n witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Dane at the city of Washington this fifteenth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and of the Independence of the United States of America the eighty- eighth.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. ., July 15, 1865.

Major T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Adjutant-General's Office:

Major: I have the honor to inform you that the draft has been ordered in the following States and district upon the dates mentioned below:

Date.	 State.	 District.	 Number

of men.

July 11	 New Hampshire........	 Second....	 1,599

13	 New York................	 ...do.....	 4,146

11	 ....do..................	 Thirteenth	 2,006

13	 ....do..................	 Twenty-	 2,088

third

13	 ....do..................	 Twenty-	 2,262

fourth.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

