
PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, COLORADO TERRITORY,

Denver, July 15, 1863.

Captain SIDNEY CLARKE,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: In accordance with your instructions of July 3, 1863, I would respectfully inform you that there is a strong secession element almost thought this Territory, and hundreds who are arriving here from the Border States weekly are nearly all Southers sympathizers. In several counties threaten have been made that the Government should not enroll in the country, for which assertion I have made several arrest and administered the oath of allegiance and put the parties under bonds, with one exception, A. F. Freeman, who is now in confinement here for stating that the draft could not be enforced here, and that the would shoot andy Union officer that attempted to take him. I went to Clear Creek Country and arrested him myself. I have, however, no fears of being able to enroll in every part of this Territory as soon as the surgeon and commissioners are appointed, and to enforce the draft when ordered.

Very respectfully,

JOHN WANLESS,

Captain and Provost Marshal, First District of Colorado.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 15, 1863.

Hix Excellency RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois, Chicago:

Regiments for a less term than three years or during the war are practically of little service. Regiments for home service interfere materially with the organization of troops either by draft or volunteering for the general service of the country. Nothing but the absolute necessity from actual invasion has induced the Government in any instance to authorize such troops. No such exigency exist in Illinois, and the Department cannot, in the discharge of its duty to the country, feel justified in authorizing the raising of such regiments or in devoting arms that will be require for the general service. This answer has already been given to you on former occasions, and the experience of every day confirms the necessity for strict adherence to it.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

IOWA CITY, July 15, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The enforcement of the draft thought the country depenrcement in New York City. It it can be successfully resisted there, it cannot be forced elsewhere. For God's sake let there be no compromising or half-way measures.

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD.

