
From the Twenty-ninth, which was to commence to-morrow, I have just received a dispatch from the provost-marshal that he was not ready. For the Twenty-fourth there has been no order for draft. The draft has not been ordered i the Twenty-third; we received an order yesterday for the Twenty-second, which we supposed was for the Twenty-third, but as it might have been sent to me by mistake when intended for Major Townsend, in whose division of the State the Twenty-second is located I returned it.

There is much talk of combination and resistance, and if the Government puts down the riot in New York by yelling to it in whole or in part by showing any disposition to compromise with the rioters as Governor Saymour seems to propose, then I expect the resistance to be universal.

Captain Livingston, commandant of this station, has asked of the Adjutant-General 500 troops. I hope you will furnished them at once and the Buffalo rendezvous should have as many.

We have now here about 100 recruits for service that I have armed with the Invalid Corps arms, and about twenty of the Invalid Corps that could be made available, and on an emergency I could arm volunteers. I have let the sheriff of the country of Broome have privately 100 muskets, as there is to be a grand Irish meeting at Binghanton to-morrow. I will have some one there to see that the boxes are not opened unless necessary. I have let the provost-marshal of the Twenty-sixth District have 100 under similar circumstances.

I have been very much embarrassed to find 800 muskets here consigned to an agent of the State. Captain Livingston yesterday proposed to the agent, who we do not know, to take charge of them which he declined. They were lying in the common freight house of the New York and Erie Railway, where they could have been seized by a mob without difficulty.

I made up my mind at all hazard to put them where they would be safe, and went to the depot for that purpose. I found they had been removed to a store-house. I shall take the liberty of placing a guard over the store-house.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Western Division of New York.
HEADQUARTERS,Philadelphia, July 15, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Draft completed in one enrollment district to-day without trouble.

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 15, 1863-3.40 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. WHIPPLE,

Military Governor, Philadelphia:

I desire you to use troops of the Invalid Corps with due consideration. They cannot endure long-continued exertion. They are all disabled men, the ought tried soldiers.

32 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

