
under the law, and his claim is disallowed, he cannot pay the $300. How is it possible that such can be the law? How does he or the military officers know he is liable to military duty until he is examined? How could that commutation be demanded until such facts are ascertained? These constructions are oppressive and render the law unnecessarily odious. Excuse men for supposing that in the multitude of business you have erred in these things.

THADDEUS STEVENS.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 15, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: i deem it my duty to tell you in writing that, as a Philadelphia, I have means of hearing from various sources what has caused me to believe that there will be serious resistance to the draft in that city, and under pretext of that the mob will endeavor to take possession of the U. S. property in that city- clothing, arsenal at Gray's Ferry, Bridesburg Arsenal, mint, &amp;c. That the four companies of what is known as the provost guard of that city are not considered to be at all efficient, and their commander Captain Finnie, is not deemed to be much of an officer. I have seem the telegram in which Colonel Whipple thinks he can carry out the draft with the force he has. I beg leave to differ with the, and would strongly urge that the draft be not attempted in Philadelphia until the resistance to it elsewhere has been put down by force, and then execute it in Philadelphia under the presence of an efficient force of 1,500 to 2,000 reliable troops.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD H. RUSH,

Colonel, &c.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

July 15, 1863-11.15 a. m.

Commodore C. K. STRIBLING,

Commander Navy-Yard, Philadelphia:

In case of any disturbance arising from the draft in Philadelphia you will first take necessary measures to protect, with the force under your command, the Government property under your charge; and then if necessary aid the authorities in preserving peace in the city by sending them such of your as may be available.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[JULY 15, 1863.-For Curtin to Stanton in relation to muster-out and payment of the militia, see Series I, Vol. XXVII, Part III, p. 707.]

HARTFORD, CONN., July 16, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The State arsenal in this city contains ordnance stores which must be protected. A scant of employes, true men, are now endeavoring to guard it from apprehended danger. Not one can be spared.

