
attention is called to paragraph 268 of the Army Regulations, edition of 1861.

Paragraph 268. A general officer will be saluted but once in a year at each post, and only when notice of his intention to visit the post has been given.

20. The practice of building fires on the open parades for cooking and other purposes is prohibited, as it endangers the magazines.

21. The armament of a fort having been once established will not be changed except by authority of the commander of the district, geographical department, or army corps.

22. The machinery of the Whitworth guns will not be used except by special orders from the commanding officer of the post. There shall be at each fort, and redoubt at least one drill a day as artillery and one as infantry.

23. Particular care must be taken to keep the bores of the rifled guns free from rust and always well oiled.

24. The forts will be inspected at such times as the chief of artillery may direct, and a full report of their condition will be made. Particular attention will be paid to the drill and police of the work in each case, as also to the condition of the armament, ammunition, and magazines.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR FIRING.

1. The firing in action should be deliberate, never more than will admit of accurate pointing. A few shots effectively thrown will produce more effect than a larger number badly directed, although the larger number may have killed the most men.

It is not so important to kill as to inspire terror. The object of killing a portion is to so frighten the rest as to cause them to run; and to inspire this terror, precision of fire and consequent certainty of execution is of infinitely greater importance than a great noise, rapid firing, and less proportional execution.

2. To secure accuracy of firing, the ground in the neighborhood must be well examined and the distanced the different prominent points within the field covered by each gun noted. The gunners and cannoneers should be informed of these distances, and in the drills the guns should be accurately pointed at one or the other of them in succession, the gunner designating the spot, calling the distance in yards, and the corresponding elevation in minutes and degrees, until all the distances and corresponding elevations are familiar to the men.

When shell or case-shot are use, the time of flight corresponding to the distance must be given to the man who goes for the projectile. He tells the ordnance-sergeant, or person who furnishes the ammunition, and the latter cuts the fuse to burn the required time.

3. The gunner is responsible for the aiming. He must, therefore, know the distance to each prominent point the field covered by his gun, the elevation required to reach that point, and the time of flight of the shell or case-shot corresponding to each distance or elevation. He must have a table of these ranges taken from the Heavy Artillery Arctics, pages 265 to 269. a

For example: The cartridges for the 24-pounder guns all weigh six

a The last table on page 269 should read: " Eight-inch sea-coast howitzer, on barbette carriage, instead of 8-inch sea coast mortar."

