
duties of the office, and before I had proceeded one hour was abused worse than a Hottentot, and by noon my labors were stopped by armed men of the worst possible character. My life is threatened if I offer to proceed any further in that direction.

I propose going to Lewistown to see McComb to-morrow, if I am not assassinated to-night by the copperheads, and know what is to be done in the premises. One thing is certain, I cannot finish enrolling the township without an armed force sufficient to kept he d-d rascals at bay.

My belief is that the copperheads will commence hostilities in this county, and that very soon. They make all the demonstrations, and hurrah for Jeff. Davis, and wear all the insignia of rebellion that ever war in any of the rebel States. We are entirely in a condition to be overrun at their pleasure, being destitute of arms and largely in the minority. This is no fiction; we are in imminent danger.

I have the honor to be, your humble servant,

LUKE ELLIOTT.

I certify that I am intimately acquainted with the condition of things in this vicinity, and fully concur in the statement of Mr. Elliott. I was applied to early this morning for a writ for four men for assassinating a showman and on other man on their was home, all growing out of the present difficultly. I think it would be good policy to have a marshal in this country. The south part of the country is probably as copper head i has any part of the State, nd is remote from railroad facilities or any speedy means of relief in case of an outbreak, which is very imminent.

If you have not received the evidence of Mr. Ellitt's appointment as enrolling officer I can testify that he was appointed by Mr. Mc Comb and sworn in by me.

Given under my hand June 23, 1863.

JOEL ONION,

Justice of the Peace.

C.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROV. March General OF ILLINOIS, Springfield, July 1, 1863.

Captain B. F. WESTLAKE,

Provost-Marshal, Ninth District, Mount Sterling, Ill.:

CAPTAIN: * * * I have carefully considered the statements of Messrs. McComb and Elliott relative to trouble in certain sub- districts of Fulton County. To this end you will send a prudent, competent, and reliable special agent to Fulton County, who will confer with Mr. McComb, and make a careful personal examination of the state of things, and report to me through you, when such action will be taken as the emergency may demand. You will at once reply to my dispatches of yesterday. The matter admits of no delay.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES OAKES,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth U. S. Cav. and A. A. M. G. Illinois.

