
G.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROV. March General FOR ILLINOIS, Springfield, July 16,1 863.

Captain B. F. WESTLAKE,

Provost-Marshal, Ninth District, Mount Sterling, Ill.:

CAPTAIN: Yours of 15th received. Continue to exercise all possible care and vigilance in detecting and circumventing the hostile purposes of deserters and disloyal persons. The records of your office must be protected at all hazards. I share in your hope that the work may be carried to a successful termination without reforging to the military arm. But the times admonish us to be prepared for the worst. Keep me fully advised of the course of events. I will aid and advise you at all times to the best of my knowledge and resources. Should you at any time consider your headquarters in danger from a mob or riotous violence, and the emergency too pressing to allow of delay, you would be authorized to engage or hire a sufficient number of suitable persons as temporary guard, and to purchase needful weapons for their use, if not otherwise obtainable. Should arms be purchases for such necessary use, you will send the vouchers to the Provost-Marshal- General, as in case of other purchases. It might be well to have an understanding with a suitable number of prudent and reliable men, to be ready to act at the moment of need.

You will understand that these are only precautionary suggestions, to be acted on only in the case of extreme need or danger. But the authority of the Government and the requirements of the enrollment act must be sustained and carried out.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES OAKES,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth U. S. Cav. and A. A. P. M. G. for Illinois.

H.

MACOMB, ILL., July 11, 1863.

Captain B. F. WESTLAKE:

SIR: I received a letter this morning from Tennessee. Find copy inclosed.

* * * * * *

I have no fears of an outbreak until the enforcement of the draft. Then I am satisfied it will take the military to do so. I learn they are drilling in some three parts of the country. Reliable persons see them going to and from the grounds; said to number some sixty-five persons.

* * * *

This man Driskill is a most notorious copperhead. Paid bill, $655.50, besides freight; weight of box 240 pounds. I am told the arms have been already divided, some of them having gone north the creek.

* * * *

I have written the provost-marshal at Chicage to look to this house-Enoch Woods". if loyal, would be glad ot have a copy of bill. Had not you better write him also? Had not the authorities better keep watch over this house?

* * * * *

Driskill is a poor man not in trade; evidently received the arms for distribution. All that can be done is post and prepare ourselves for the enforcement of the law when violated.

WM. H. RANDOLPH.

