
I.

TENNESSEE, ILL., July 10, 1863.

Captain W. H. RANDOLPH:

DEAR SIR: Mr. Driskill, of this place, this morning received a box per express with a C. O. D. bill of $655.50. It undoubtedly contained firearms to arm the copperheads. The box came from Enoch Woods &amp; Co., Chicago. I inclose you their card. Would it not be well for you to see to this?

Yours, truly,

B. M. VEATCH.

I am well acquainted with Captain Veach. I know him to be reliable.

RANDOLPH.

J.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROV. MARC. General FOR ILLINOIS, Springfield, July 14, 1863.

Captain ISAAC N. PHILLIPS,

Provost-Marshal, Thirteenth District, Cairo, Ill.:

CAPTAIN: You will please keep me fully informed of all important movement and uses of the military forces now at your disposal and the progress of the enrollment of Williamson County. I am advised of the existence of trouble in Franklin County, similar to that in Williamson, though not so extensive.

It will be necessary for the same troops to operate in that county also, should their presence be needed. You will, therefore, communicate with Captain O"Kean, ascertain when and where the troops will be needed in Franklin County, and manage for them to pass form one county to the other in such a manner as not to conflict with the execution of your own plans or those of Captain O"Kean. The headquarters of the Eleventh District have been changed from Salem to olney.

Please let me know without delay when you can spare the whole or a part of your force, as they are greatly needed elsewhere.

I have informed Captain O"Kean that he is to co-operate with you in the use of the troops, as above stated.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES OAKES,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth U. S. Cav. and A. A. P. M. G. for Illinois.

K.

OFFICE PROV. March, ELEVENTH DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS, Olney, July 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES OAKES,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Springfield, Ill.:

COLONEL: I have just received a letter from W. T. Ingram, deputy provost-marshal in Franklin County, stating that there are about 100 deserters in that county; that the most of them are armed, and that it is impossible for him to take them without an armed force to assist. He states that the Union men of that county are largely in the minority, and if he calls upon them for assistance it will result in bloodshed and the ruin of the few Union men there. Under the circumstances I thought best to refer the matter to you for such action as you deem advisable.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. O"KEAN,

Captain and Provost-Marshal Eleventh District of Illinois.

