
(that is, before mobs can perfect their work, as in New York), Maine will guarantee to the General Government the full and entire enforcement of the draft without the aid of troops raised for the United States and mustered into its service.

Yours, truly,

JOHN L. HODSDON,

Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. ACTG. ASST. PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Augusta, Me., July 16, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Provost-Marshal-General United States: It is not apprehended that any difficulty will arise in enforcing the draft, and should such difficulty arise it will be seen, by the within report of the adjutant-general of Maine, that there is both sufficient force in the State and sufficient willingness on the part of the State authorities to put it down.

THOS. C. J. BAILEY,Captain, 17th Infty., Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for Maine.

RENDEZVOUS FOR DRAFTED MEN, Concord, N. H., July 16, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

GENERAL: It is represented to me by the Chief Magistrate and other civil authorities of this State [that] there exists a widespread and organized determination in some parts of the State to resist the enforcement of the draft, and that indications are apparent that it is the purpose of evil-disposed persons to attack the general rendezvous and disarm the permanent party here stationed. There are no military or other organizations within the State upon which the authorities can rely to preserve order and protect the lives and property of the citizens, and I am urged by the Governor to make representations to the proper authority of the necessity for the presence of a sufficient force to protect officers in the execution of the law, and to prevent such outbreaks in this State as have occurred in other States of the Union. The permanent party at this rendezvous consists of eighty seven, and is ample to protect the depot, I think, in any emergency; but if an outbreak is to occur, as apprehended, there should be ready at command a sufficient force to repress it at once and to effectually protect the officers charged with eh execution of the laws.

There is artillery in the State, and a section with light howitzers would be very effective in an emergency. Please lay this before the Honorable Secretary and telegraph instructions immediately.

Most respectfully,

EDWD. W. HINKS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL- GENERAL, Concord, July 16, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt yesterday of your telegram of the 13th instant requesting full reports twice a week

33 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

