
of the progress of the draft in this State. I deem it proper to state, in the first place, that great dissatisfaction has been expressed by all parties in this State, in consequence of the draft not being ordered by towns.

The Legislature passed a joint resolution requesting the Governor to appeal to the War Department. The Governor presented the State view of the case in a letter ot the Honorable Secretary of War under date of July 10, inclosing therein a copy of the join resolution of the Legislature.

On the 11th instant Governor Gilmore, Senators Hale and Clark, and Honorable Mr. Rollins met in Boston, and sent a join telegram to the Honorable Secretary of War upon the subject in issue.

Mr. Stanton answered by telegraph the same day that he would take the matter into consideration when the papers referred to reached him.

On the 13th instant the Governor showed me mr. Stanton's telegram, and assured me he left confident the Secretary would grant his request, and that he would get his decision the next day, 14h. the draft was ordered to commence in the First District at 10 a. m. on that day, 14th. After what the Governor had told me of the expected decision of the Honorable Secretary of War, and the representations made to me of the deep feeling in the State upon the subject of drafting by towns, I felt justified in directing the draft to be postponed until the subject was definitely settled. Accordingly, I telegraphed yesterday morning to Captain Godfrey to postpone the draft until 2 p. m. to-day. Yesterday evening I sent him a letter directing him, in case he did not hear from me again before 2 p. m. to-day, to postpone the draft again until 2 p. m. to-morrow, 16th instant.

I did this for the reason that the New York riots might have occupied the Secretary's attention too much to attend to the New Hampshire business, or if he had made his decision it might be delayed by the troubled in New York.

I am aware that I have taken a step which may subject me to censure. I have been placed in a trying position for an officer of the Army, educated and accustomed ot obey implicitly the orders of his superiors, but this is a grave subject. Party feeling is very high and bitter in this State. The opposition is formidable in numbers. The Government needs the support of all its friends and cannot afford to do anything to really alienate them; particularly in regard to the raising of armies.

The State authorities, and all parties, oppose the draft by sub- districts.

If it is enforced in that way no cordial support can be expected rom the State. Many persons have expressed apprehensions of disturbances. A new ground of complaint will be made against the administration, which will carry many into the ranks of the opposition.

On the other hand, if the draft is made by towns, although the number of men to be furnished is exactly the same, the State authorities and the friends of the Government generally, will, I am told, co-operate to carry it out faithfully.

I consider this co-operation as exceedingly desirable at this time.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. A. MACK,

Major and Aide-de-Camp, Actg. Asst. Prov. March General.

