
manifested at all times a co-operative interest in the measures of the Administration, and the inflammatory editorials of its journals in this city and State, and the open and vituperative condemnation of such measures by respectable and influential citizens in the hearing of the illiterate, have under the stimulation of designing men given rise ot organizations of a secret nature among the myriads of molders and other workingmen, not only in this city and in Troy, but I relieve also in every city and village of this State. The draft, of course, has furnished to the leaders the pretext of a potent opposition to the General Government. it is sufficiently apparent throughout the whole of this division that this opposition is deeply seated among the great mass of the people, whose recklessness of consequences is wholly unaccountable excepting upon the suspicion that it rests upon the security of numbers. The Irish as a class are involved in this opposition, and form, as they always do, the sub-structure of the mob, and in neither of these cities are there any other military bodies left than those composed of the Irish, and they are thoroughly unreliable, as conceded by the authorities themselves. The military of this city were under orders from the Governor to proceed to New York on Monday last, but they refused to go, for what reason it is apparent, when it was currently believed that the draft in Troy and Albany was very soon to occur, and that it would take place simultaneous in oath cities. These individuals have a place of rendezvous for drill in the State arsenal building, where there are some 4,000 muskets, cannon, and large amount of ammunition. I have among other things made an effort with such of the State authorities that are left in this city, and acting assistant adjutant-general and an engineer-in-chief, to have this arsenal building properly guarded, and urged that armed citizens of reliability might constitute the guard; but this was objected to by the city authorities, as well, on the ground that it would lead to the very outbreak that we were endeavoring to avoid. The military of Troy is of similar unreliabitily, whose affiliations there, as here, are with the mob.

There is therefore no military in either of these cities which can beer used by me to enforce the draft; in fact, what there is, I am fully satisfied, would be used against me, though if the draft be not attempted I did trust that it might be relied upon at this time to put down a purely vicious mob assembled without a cause and bent on plunder and arson, but the experience in Troy yesterday does not warrant the conclusion. I have received an offer from certain clergymen, in conjunction with a few other citizens, that they will engage to enroll at least 2,000 names to be under my orders if I will furnish them with arms and ammunition. I have 500 muskets and appropriate ammunition. In the event of a riot here I have considered it to be my duty, and desire to be informed whether I am correct, to turn the same over to reliable citizens ot assist me in protecting the Government records and property. The arming of here citizens previously to the occurrence of the riot is thought ot be unadvisable by the authorities of the city, as stated above, in connection with the defense of the State arsenal. I have, however, some thirty men of the Invalid Corps for the defense of the general rendezvous, into which I have moved the records of my office. I am receiving reports form various provost-marshals of the well-grounded apprehensions of a similar state of things in their districts to that existing here, in Troy, and in New York City, and have induced the State authorities to forward arms and ammunition to such of the marshals as have made requisitions.

