
WASHINGTON, D. C., July 16, 1863-8.10 p. m.

Major TOWNSEND,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Albany:

Captain Hushes reports draft suspended in Troy on account of riot. Don"t try to push the draft there or anywhere else where it is at all opposed until you get force. Apply for force to General Canby in New York City, and represent exactly what the state of the case is to him.

J. B FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., July 16, 1863.

Major-General COUCH:

You will immediately relieve Major-General Dana from his present duty, and sent him to Philadelphia to take command of the forces there for the protection of the public property and the execution of the laws. You will also send to Philadelphia one regiment of infantry to report to General Dana.

Acknowledge the receipt of this telegram and the time it is received, and the hour at which orders are given to General Dana.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, July 16, 1863-6 p. m. (Received 8.50 p. m.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

Your dispatch just received. Dana is ordered in from Greencastle by telegraph to Chambersburg of this hour. I intended to have gone to Philadelphia myself was it not quiet. I have already sent there two regiments of infantry and a battery.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General, Commanding.

HARRISBURG, July 16, 1863-8 p. m. (Received 9.10 p. m.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

Having sent two regiments of infantry to Philadelphia, and arms for 2,500 more, and a battery now en route, I conclude your views are fully met. Colonel Whipple this hour reports all quiet, and will probably remain so.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., July 16, 1863-10.20 p. m.

Adjutant-General THOMAS,

Harrisburg:

Information received this afternoon indicates that a general officer should be in command at Philadelphia to-morrow, as a draft is to be made in a district where disturbance is apprehended. General Dana has been ordered there. You had better go yourself to-night.

