
PITTSBURG, July 16, 1863 (Received 9.55 a. m. 17th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Completed draft Saturday; 1,000 report to-morrow; cannot examine all claims for exemption and substitutes offered for days after. Can drafted men deposit $300 with collector, subject to withdrawals if exempted for disability, or their substitutes pass examination and are enlisted? An order to this effect would give general satisfaction.

J. HERON FOSTER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, July 16, 1863-9 p. m.

His Excellency Governor SMITH,

Providence, R. I.:

The disposition proposed in your telegram dated the 14th, just received, in relation to the drafted men of your State, is approved. The colored drafted men are assigned to your colored company of heavy artillery, and you are authorized to turn them over to its commanding officer.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, Wis., July 16, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I transmit herewith copies of letters *from the Governor and assistant provost-marshal-general of this State, setting forth in urgent terms the danger of riot in making the draft and the necessity of the presence of a considerable military force in several localities before the drawing of the names is made. The statements in these letters I know to be true, and I am satisfied that t he apprehensions expressed are well founded. By careful management the enrollment was made in the several townships without resistance, though in several localities troops are now being used ot accomplish the work. I have only four companies of troops in the field. The same state of facts obtains in Iowa. Whilst there are troops enough in Minnesota to provide against any such difficulties in that State, I cannot withdraw any portion of them for some time to come without exciting great alarm about Indians.

All the Minnesota regiments also are new regiments that have never been out of the State, and, like the Seventh Iowa Cavalry (as stated to me by the Governor and adjutant-general of that State), cannot be relied upon for services against mobs of the people. Under the circumstances I have the honor to request that at least tow of the old regiments from this State and also two from the State of Iowa be sent to this department to recruit, so that they can be present when the draft is made, and, by their presence alone, prevent riot and save bloodshed. A skeleton company of artillery should also be sent with

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

