
each two regiments. Not more than 700 such troops would be required for each State, and probably a couple or three months would be sufficient to effect the object. They can be filled up by these very drafted men and could be sent to the field in September with full ranks; so also with the skeleton artillery companies. The force thus asked I consider absolutely essential, both to suppress disturbances in enforcing the conscription act and to guard the conscripts until they join the regiments in the field.

The withdrawal form the field of two reduced regiments from each, two from this State and two from Iowa, cannot in any degree embarrass the military operations in the South, whilst they may prevent serious riot and much loss of life and destruction of property in these States.

The character and extent of the ignorant Irish and German population of Milwaukee and of the companies of Washington, Dodge, and Ozaukee Counties are plainly set forth in the communication of the provost-marshal, herewith inclosed.

He does into overstate the danger ot be apprehended from them, as several very serious riots which they have made in this city and these counties last year and several yards since have never been punished, although put down, and a mob here begins with a boldness and confidence not felt elsewhere.

I respectfully submit this statement and application and invite your immediate attention to them.

I am, general, respectfully,your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, July 16, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to communicate confidentially a transcript of a dispatch of the 6th ultimo addressed to this Department by the U. S. consul at Matamoras, relative to public affairs in that quarter, and to express a hope that the recent triumphs of the arms of the Union on the Mississippi may permit a sufficient military force to be detached for the purpose of occupying and holding at least that lower part of the Rio Grande frontier.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WM. H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

CONSULATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, Matamoras, Mexico, June 6, 1863.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: As events are now transpiring on this frontier which I deem of great importance to our country, I take the liberty of addressing you unofficially, and giving you a detailed statement of the whole affair as perhaps it would be better than that it should be made public. I will also state here that Dr. M. A. Aouthworth, the gentleman who will hand you this, is the only person who, besides myself, knows the particulars.

