
manner in which a person once "enrolled" can escape his public duties, and when drafted, whether present or absent, whether he changes his residence or absconds, the rights of the United States against him are secured, and it is only by performance of his duty to the country that he will escape liability to be treated as a criminal.

WILLIAM WHITING,

Solicitor of the War Department.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 48. Washington, D. C., July 17, 1863.

The operations of the draft lately ordered in the New England and Middle States, though in most instances completed or now in progress without opposition, have in one or two cities been temporarily interrupted.

Provost-marshals are informed that no orders have been issued countermanding the draft. Adequate force has been ordered by the Government to the points where the proceedings have been interrupted.

Provost-marshals will be sustained by the military forces of the country in enforcing the draft, in accordance with the laws of the United States, and will proceed to execute the orders heretofore given for draft, as rapidly as shall be practicable, by aid of the military forces ordered to co-operate with and protect them.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., July 17, 1863.

Captain T. C. J. BAILEY,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General of Maine, Augusta, Me.:

See that provost-marshals strictly carry out the provisions of section 12, enrollment act, requiring notification to be served on drafted men within ten days from draft.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Same to Brigadier General T. G. Pitcher, Vermont; Major Oscar A. Mack, New Hampshire; Captain Hiram Dryer, Massachusetts; Major D. D. Perins, Connecticut; Captain William Silvey, Rhode Island; Major Frederick Townsend, Albany, N. Y.; Colonel Robert Nugent, New York City; Major A. A. Diven, Elmira, N. Y.; Lieutenant Colonel J. V. Bomford, Pennsylvania.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, July 17, 1863.

His Excellency Governor BUCKINGAM,

Norwich, Conn:

The persons drafted can be detailed for the special service you suggest as long as such service is require. The Department will be happy to comply with any suggestions you may make toward giving security to the public property and preserving peace in your State.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

