
PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., July 17, 1863-4.20 p. m.

Captain Livingston telegraphs to the Adjutant-General that there is good reason to expect a riot i Elmira in enforcing the draft. I, of course, look to you for information on that point. I do not, however, want you to undertake the draft where it is at all likely to be interrupted until you have force to put it through.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

STATE OF NEW YORK, NORTHERN DIVISION, OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST- MARSHAL-GENERAL, Albany, July 17, 1863.

Brigadier-General CANBY,

New York City:

GENERAL: I am authorized but he Provost-Marshal-General to apply to you for force to aid me in the discharge of my duties as acting assistant provost-marshal-general for the Northern Division of New York.

A draft was sought to be enforced on Tuesday of this week in the city of Troy for the Fifteenth Congressional District, which led to a serious riot, and this city, in anticipation of the draft, which has not been order here, is on the verge of an outbreak of a nature similar to that occurring in the city of New York.

That portion of the militia remaining in both of these cities is utterly unreliable, having affiliations and sympathy with the rioters, who are organized in formidable proportions, and either armed or having arms readily accessible.

The State arsenal here, with 4,000 small-arms and a number of canon, with large amounts of ammunition, is in the charge of this unreliable militia, though at the moment the eared also there 450 reliable soldiers from Rochester, under Colonel Marshall, on their was to the city of New York. I have to report that a force of 1,000 men and a section of a battery are immediately needed to protect the Government records and property here and in Troy now under charge of the officials of the Provost-Marshal-General's Bureau.

Very nearly the same state of things exists in each of the district under my charge.

The drafting has, by authority, been temporarily suspended, and when commenced again anywhere in the division a larger force than even as above required will be necessary.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

FREDK. TOWNSEND,

Major, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

[First indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS, July 21, 1863.

Respectfully submitted.

The total force under my control in the harbor and city of New York is 3,101.

All the forts in the harbor are inadequately guarded and the troops in the city are employed in guarding public property, which is so

