
It is not to be doubted that there are many men in the district in the higher walks of life who secretly aid and abet the ignorant and designing persons who are combined against the laws.

We are informed that meetings are held almost nightly in this city, some open, others secret; and there is no doubt of a desperate nd powerful organization in opposition to the draft.

Added to all these evils is the ascertained fact that our local militia are not to be relied on in an emergency to aid this department in the performance of its duty in carrying out and upholding the conscription.

Several of the companies of the militia are composed wholly of foreigners and are known to be hostile, and would without doubt act against the public authorities.

I have placed myself in communication with the civil authorities, and after careful and vigilant consultation with them and with prominent loyal citizens, I have come to the conclusion that the combination against the law will be and is too strong to be successfully resisted by the means and forces now in my hands.

I therefore submit the department that, whenever the draft is ordered to be enforced in this district, the order should be accompanied with a strong military force-and I do not think 500 troops would be too many-in order that the laws may be surely enforced and peace and public order maintained.

As to the propriety of postponing the draft here until good order is restored, I presume you are already well informed, and I need not intrude any opinion of mine upon your time and attention.

You may rest assured the duty assigned me will be faithfully and energetically performed.

I have the honor ot be, yours, very respectfully,

J. P. RICHARDSON,

Captain and Prov. March, Twenty-first District of New York.

STATE OF NEW YORK, NORTHERN DIVISION, OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST- MARSHAL-GENERAL, Albany, July 17, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor of transmitting herewith a communication received at this office from the provost-marshal of the Tenth District relative to the existing state of affairs in his vicinity, and stating that the business of his office had been suspended and the papers and property of the Government removed to a place of security against amok.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

FREDK. TOWNSEND,

Major, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS PROVOST-MARSHAL, TENTH DISTRICT, Tarrytown, N. Y., July 16, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that after consultation with the leading influential citizens of this place, and after mature

34 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

