
deliberation upon my own part, I have concluded to remove the Government property now at these headquarters, consisting of clothing and equipments, &amp;c., to Fort Lafayette.

A sufficient force cannot be organized to protect the property. In fact the proceeding of the mob having no other object than plunder, the citizens who volunteered for the defense of the office will be compelled to defend their own home.s

The books and papers of the station have been removed to a place of safety in the interior of the county and all business has been entirely suspended.

I have also to state that, from present indications and from information upon which I fully rely, the business of this district relative to drafting cannot under existing circumstances be successfully prosecuted without a regiment of disciplined men.

I have thought it my duty to act in the premises after this manner, as by such measures alone could the property instructed to my care be preserved.

The office will still be maintained at these headquarters, where I shall be ready to respond to any orders or suggestions which, in your judgement, the emergency requires.

The office will still be maintained at these headquarters, where I shall be ready to respond to any orders or suggestions which, in your judgment, the emergency requires.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MOSES G. LEONARD,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Tenth District of New York.

With the exception of six sub-districts the enrollment of the district is complete.

ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Elmira, N. Y., July 17, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY:

DEAR SIR: I inclose a slip from the New York Times of yesterday. This may be an ingenious way of arranging Governor Seymour's letter with Major Nugent's. The inference is rather too fair that the Government may have yielded to Governor Seymour's advice and that the Governor is to be allowed to supply "its full quota by volunteering." If New York is excused from the draft the rest of the State will claim the same exemption, and if New York is exempt, of course other States will claim as much. In other words, if the mob conquers in New York it will at least try as much throughout the land.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Western Division of New York.

[Inclosure.]

NEW YORK, July 13, 1863.

Honorable SAMUEL SLOAN,

President of the Hudson River Railroad Company, New York:

MY DEAR SIR: I have received your note about the draft. On Saturday last I sent my adjutant-general to Washington for the purpose of urging a suspension of the draft, for I know that the city of New York can furnish its full quota by volunteering. I have received a dispatch from General Sprague that the draft is suspended. There is no doubt that the conscription is postponed. I learn this form a number of sources. If I get any information of a change of policy at Washington I will let you know.

Yours, truly,

HORATIO SEYMOUR.

