
If I can have notice a week at least in advance of making public the order for drafting, General Pope suggests that steps can be taken to prevent riot in the dangerous localities. The original, of which the inclosed letter is a copy, from the provost-marshal of the First District was referred yesterday to General Pope. IN indorsing that letter I was under the impression that it was proposed to remove the office to Racine. In that I find I was mistaken. Probably that impression was made from the conversation with Captain Tillapaugh and Judge Barnes on the subject.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. LOVELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighteenth Infantry, Acting Assistant Provost- Marshal-General for Wisconsin.

[Inclosure.]

PROV. March " OFFICE, FIRST DISTRICT OF WISCONSIN, Milwaukee, July 14, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES S. LOVELL,

Provost-Marshal-General for Wisconsin:

COLONEL: This Congressional district comprises five counties, four of which are, beyond a doubt, loyal, viz, Racine, Kenosha, Walfworth, and Waukesha; and this city is disloyal beyond a doubt, and in our judgment one of the most disloyal cities to be found, and our object in this communication is to most respectfully, but earnestly, ask either, that so far as the city of milwaukee is concerned, we be authorized to temporally change our headquarters for such length of time as shall be necessary to make the draft for this city and the towns of Mukwonago and Menomonee, in Waukesha County. This we think would avoid any disturbance here. If this permission cannot be given, then we ask that prior to commencing the draft a sufficient military force be provided to protect the office, the enrollment list, the officers, and employs connected with this office. The population of this city is about 65,000. Of this number two- thirds are foreigners,a nd a very large proportion of which is and always has been opposed to the war and the Government; and by political leaders their feelings and passions have been aroused to such a pitch that we have not one particle of doubt that so soon as the draft is commenced, and perhaps before, there will be a mob that can only be put down by a strong military force; and unless that force is provided for in advance the enrollment and records will be destroyed. We are in possession of evidence that satisfied us, beyond the possibility of doubt, that there are organizations now in this city with planed matured, and that at a given signal the mob will break forth in all its fury. We could and, if the Department desires it, will give facts and reasons for all we state. We have to-day been called upon by other parties occupying apartments in this block, soliciting used to remove the provost-marshal's office from this block to avoid the destruction of their property. While we believe we are not particu-

