
Unless Indians come within some of these exceptions they should not be enrolled in the forces of the United States. (See Opinions of Attorney-General, Vol. VII, p. 750.)

WILLIAM WHITING,

Solicitor of the War Department.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., July 18, 1863.

Captain T. C. J. BAILEY,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for Maine, Augusta, Me.:

Make daily reports by telegraph of the condition and progress of the draft in the several districts.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Same to Brigadier General T. G. Pitcher, Vermont; Major Oscar A. Mack, New Hampshire; Major Hiram Dryer, Massachusetts; Major D. D. Perkins, Connecticut; Captain William Silvey, Rhode Island; Major Frederick Townsend, Albany, N. Y.; Colonel Robert Nugent, New York City, N. Y.; Major A. S. Diven, Elmira, N. Y.; Lieutenant Colonel J. V. Bomford, Pennsylvania.)

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., July 18, 1863.

His Excellency WILLIAM A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut, Hartford, Conn.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 13th instant by Honorable Henry AHammond, requesting that some means be adopted by which towns shall be credited in the present draft with the number of volunteers provided by them prior to the draft. The enrollment act only provides that in assigning to districts the number of men to be furnished therefrom the President shall take into consideration the number of volunteers and militia furnished by an form the several States. The matter referred to in Your Excellency's letter has, however, received much consideration from the Solicitor of the War Department and myself, and is now under deliberating. The records of the War Department do not furnish any date by which such an assignment of quoits as you suggest can be made. If, however, any plan can be devised, either in this or any subsequent draft, by which towns can be relieved of the hardships complained of, the necessary steps for carrying out your wishes will be promptly taken.

I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

AUGUSTA, ME., July 18, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Am organizing numerous companies of State guards, composed exclusively of men of active loyalty. Please authorize the issue of

