
1,000 Enfield rifles and 50,000 cartridges from Augusta Arsenal, without which we cannot arm.

J. L. HODSDON,

Adjutant-General.

BOSTON, July 18, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I respectfully ask that you authorize me to enlist Massachusetts conscripted men at their pleasure as volunteers into any if the Massachusetts three-years" organizations existing or authorized. this will enable me to pay such volunteers $50 State bounty each, from which they as mere conscripts would otherwise be excluded. What you want is the men, and if the payment of this State bounty will increase their willingness for service, as undoubtedly it will, it makes no difference to you whether they call themselves volunteers after being drafted, and it does make some to them.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor.

BOSTON, MASS. July 18, 1863. (Received 1.30 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The decision that a man not exempted by a surgeon cannot pay $300 will not do. It is unjust, unnecessary, inexpedient, and is making serious difficulty with good men. Reverse that and you will then have full support in stern enforcement. I find but one opinion. Abandon harsh constructing of a hard law and then put it through.

HORATIO WOODMAN.

In regard to the resolutions of the Legislature of New Hampshire relative to the draft.

OPINION.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., July 18, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The communication of Governor Gilmore of the 10th instant, inclosing resolutions of the Legislature of New Hampshire relative tot he draft about to take place, referred to me, has had my consideration. Congress endeavored in the act of the last session, providing for calling out the national forces, to equalize the draft by directing the president to take into consideration, in assigning to each district its quota, the number of volunteers and militia already furnished form the State, and so to make the assignment as to equalize the number among the district of the several States, but it made no provision for effecting an equalization among the towns of a State. The War Department has, therefore, no power to remedy the injustice set forth in your letter and in the resolution inclosed.

