
I would further suggest that the injustice does not arise from the legislation ofrom the action of the people in the delinquent towns, and the just complaints of the towns which have done their duty should not be made against the Government of the United States, but against their delinquent neighbors. May it not be within the power of State Legislature to furnish the remedy by providing that the towns which are delinquent should furnish their just proportion as substitutes for a like number of those drafted from towns which have done their duty? This suggestion may be entitled to consideration by Governor Gilmore, and in case such an arrangement should be undertaken by the State the Provost-Marshal-General might issue orders to have the draft suspended, in order that the equalization might be carried into effect.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM WHITING,

Solicitor of the War Department.

CONCORD, July 18, 1863-8 p. m.

Colonel FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Your telegrams of yesterday and to-day have been received. Draft in this State not commenced. There has been some disturbance in Portsmouth, but all is quiet there now. Have reported to-day by letter.

O. A. MACK,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

STATE OF NEW YORK, NORTHERN DIVISION, OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST- MARSHAL-GENERAL, Albany, July 18, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that since the date of my report of the 16th instant nothing has been done in the matter of draft. The drawing in Troy is still suspended, and cannot be resumed until a force in the service of the General Government shall arrive. As soon as it shall be resumed in Troy a riot will certainly occur here, only six miles away, and a force of similar numbers will be required in this city.

I beg to assure the Provost-Marshal-General of the intense hostility to the draft which exists in both of these cities, and that I am certain that nothing can be done here without ample force. Since the disturbances in New York and Troy I have received telegrams and letters from the provost-marshals requesting arms and ammunition to be sent to them to be put into the hands of citizens, and in many instances for troops. With troops the draft can be enforced; otherwise not. As the Provost- Marshal-General is aware from my communication of the 16th instant, I have made a requisition upon General Canby for tow infantry [regiments] and a section of a battery. One thousand more infantry should be added to this force, together

