
with another section of artillery, to begin with, on the resumption of the draft of Troy.

If the State authorities co-operate I think this force is sufficient. There should also be a guard of a company at the headquarters of each of the provost-marshals of the districts in which the draft is not occurring. I would respectfully suggest that the draft be put through forcibly an in a memorable manner in New York, Albany, and Troy before it be attempted anywhere else in this division.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

FREDK. TOWNSEND,

Major Eighteenth Infantry, Actg. Asst. Pro. March General

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, SOUTHERN DIVISION OF NEW YORK, New York, July 18, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In reply to your telegram of this date, in relation to the executing of the provisions of section 12, enrollment act, &c., I beg to say: That in the Ninth Congressional District about 1,300 names were drawn previous to the destruction of the premises of the provost-marshal by the mob on Monday, and in the Eight a few over 200. The ballots and papers of the marshal of the Ninth were put in an iron safe, which is still under the ruins of the building, and owing to its being in the midst of the riotous district I have been unable to get the safe out. On the reception of your telegram I applied to Brigadier-General canby for a force to escort the marshal and his officers to the burned premises and protect them in the removal of the safe, bur was informed by him that he could not furnish it to-day, but might commenced, and it is absolutely necessary that the notices of drafting should be made out from the ballots drawn, I am afraid it will be out of the power of the marshal to have the notices served as required by the act. The same difficulty may arise in regard to the Eighth District; but as the tie for serving notices there will not expire till Wednesday, I may be able to overcome it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT NUGENT,

Colonel Sixty-ninth N. Y. Vols, and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

NEW YORK, July 18, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Everything is prepared for drafting in the several districts under my control, except in the Ninth, where the papers are in a safe under the ruins and cannot be got out. Since your telegram of the 14th instant, suspending the draft in New York and Brooklyn, I have received no instructions from you to resume operations. I shall continue to advise you daily. I have sent you all particulars by mail.

ROBERT NUGENT,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

