
C.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS STATE OF MISSOURI, ADJUTANT- GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 29. Saint Louis, June 30, 1862.

The following communication from the War Department is published for the information of all concerned:*

To enable the Governer to comply with the above requirements, the officer commanding each company of militia now in service will, without delay, ascertain and report to the adjutant-general of the State, through the commanding officer of this regiment or battalion, the officers and the number of men of his company who are willing to be mustered into the service of the United States as volunteers for "three years, or during the war."

By order of the commander-in-chief:

WM. D. WOOD,

Colonel and Acting Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 17, 1863.

Honorable H. WILSON,

U. S. Senate:

GENERAL: Allow me to express my thanks for your efforts to get a conscript act through. Something should be done to create a national reserve that can be called out for any occasion. This should be the militia of the country. It is also necessary that the militia should be under the control of the United States. I am trying to get along with Federal and State troops both in the field, but my subordinates and the militia themselves fear trouble. The jealousies of neighboring commanders - Federal and State - will constantly embarrass and perplex me. Many of my generals speak of it as very dangerous. General Loan, an earnest Union man, thinks the State troops are, many of them, officered by rebels, and I know we have rebels in the State that depend on some of the militia regiments as true to the rebel cause. Governor Gamble is a pro-slavery Union man, and he is so fearful of abolition haste he may be and is deceived in some instances. We feed and forage the militia when it is called out and ultimately, as you know, the United States pays them. To make them true beyond question generals commanding, responsible for the peace of communities, should know their officers. But it is not for Missouri alone I speak; there is great need of an organization in States farther south. The militia of Arkansas should be organized and this would only be safe on some plan which would bring them under direct control of the United States. I hope your bill does this. We will never carry on war safely and successfully till you get our troops homogeneous. This matter is very important. I know the constitutional and State prejudices that intervene, and have no time or opportunity to propose plans. I have only time to say, the safely, economy, and success of our troops require unity of organization and action, especially in States where war is progressing.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

---------------

* Here omitted; see Thomas to Governor of Missouri, June 23, 1862, p. 53.

---------------

