
PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, July 18, 1863.

Colonel ROBERT NUGENT,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General for Southern Division of New York, New York City:

Telegram received. Orders will be sent you when to resume the draft.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROV. March 'S OFFICE, THIRTIETH DIST. OF NEW YORK, Buffalo, July 18, 1863.

[Colonel JAMES B. FRY:]

COLONEL: I find the provost-marshal here all ready to commence the draft. But as this, next to the city of New York, is the place most likely to meet resistance, on consultation with him I have deemed it advisable to delay it for further preparation.

The State arsenal here has perhaps all the guns necessary for arming men to act in support of the authorities, but the officers in charge of these arms may not supply them with the promptitude that may be required. I think I discover a little jealousy lest they give up their authority to Government authorities.

I have under these circumstances sent Lieutenant-Colonel Brooks, of the U. S. Volunteers, who has reported to me for duty, to the commander of the department of New York to solicit a section of artillery or two suitable guns with ammunition. Should the arrive by Wednesday next, as we expect, the draft will commence.

Whatever force you designate for this rendezvous should, I think,m be hastened here as soon as possible. With the force for that purpose suggested by me in a former letter-500 men-there would be no danger of any disturbance here.

And unless there is resistance here, if the New York disturbances are entirely quailed, there will be no danger in the rest of the State.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Western New York.

ELMIRA, July 18, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

We have just completed the draft for two counties in this district and no excitement. We shall draft in this county on Monday, and do not expect any disturbance which we are not able to put a stop to.

A. S. DIVEN,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

NEW YORK, July 18, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: The restoration of order in the city is about being accomplished by the aid of Governor Seymour, Judge McCunn, and Archbishop Hushes, and with the approval of the leaders of the rebels

