
attack of the rebel leaders in New York they can decide more wisely than any other, and I am only anxious lest the game of our enemies may not be fully understood.

The copperheads count on the remarkable reverence of the American people for the decisions of our courts as insuring them an immense delay the enforcement of the draft until the new and disputed poitns were decided. Whether they have any hope that our State supreme court and court of appeals will decide in their favor, I don"t know. My impression is that they rely chiefly on a refusal by the Government to abide by the adjudication of the judiciary. Whatever concession the Government may make should be made as of its own grace, and it has occurred to me that possibly the President might inaugurate or assist proceedings for settling judicially the various questions that have been raised, with he view of making a clean thing of the draft and saving the fearful demoralization and confusion that might be caused in the Army after it had been swelled by the conscription, in case the act should subsequently be held unconstitutional.

I presume that a decision could be speedily obtained, both in the State courts and in the U. S. courts, and with a decision of the judiciary of New York in favor of the act, any attempt of the rebels to rally the people against it would be utterly hopeless.

Should the President decide that it is wise to adopt this course, I presume that the victories achieved, since the act was passed, at Gettysburg, Vicksburg, and Port Hudson, and I hope Charleston, would enable the Government ot forgo without detriment the enforcement of the draft for a few weeks, and that in the meantime the State government would cheerfully respond to his call for as many Stolunteers as might be immediately required, to be credited to the State on account of the draft as soon as enforced.

The adoption of some policy of this king would, I think, utterly defeat the last hope of the rebel sympathizers in New York and give to the Government, appport of a nearly united North. Whereas any attempt to enforce the draft in violation of the processes of our State courts, until the points are definitely settled, will make the Northern States a battle- field, and accomplish he most sanguine hopes of the rebels.

I have the honor to be, dear sir, with great regard, faithfully yours,

JOHN JAY.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 318. Washington, July 18, 1863.

* * * * *

14. Brigadier General J. T. Copeland, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in command of the depot for drafted men at Annapolis Junction, Md., and will proceeded without delay to Pittsburg, Pa., and relieve Brigadier General Thomas L. Kane, U. S. Volunteers, in command of the depot for drafted men at that place.

* * * * *

21. Brigadier General J. P. Hatch, U. S. Volunteers, will repair to Philadelphia, Pa., and relieve Brigadier General A. Porter, U. S. Volunteers, in command of the depot for drafted men at that place, as soon as he

