
The provost-marshal of the Twelfth District has made application for men. Captain Tower, the provost-marshal of this place, declines to grant the aid asked for.

In view of the above state of affairs in this locality, I most respectfully ask for instructions in regard to the same.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

OSCAR V. DAYTON,

Major, U. S. Invalid Corps, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

Refer to Colonel Bomford to use the force so as to complete one job at a time in troublesome districts.

J. B. F.

PROVIDENCE, R. I., July 18, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The draft will take about forty men from Block Island, which is three leagues from the mainland, and without defenses-heretofore in time of war considered neutral and non-combatant. The inhabitants have officially represented to me their defenseless condition if these men are taken, and invoke my aid that these may be assigned for their defense against rebel privateers, which have frequently appeared in that vicinity, exciting naturally great trepidation. I respectfully request that these may be assigned and supplied with siege guns and such others arms as you may deem proper.

JAS. Y. SMITH,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, July 18, 1863.

Governor SMITH,

Providence, R. I.:

The arrangement suggested in your telegram of this date is approved and will be carried out.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, July 18, 1863.

Honorable E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis.:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter in relation ot difficulties in making the draft. I have fully understood and realized this apprehension, but have steadily declined to talk upon this subject with anybody in the city. By the time the draft is ordered a sufficient force will be here to make resistance absurd and impossible. I desire, however, the regiments brought here quickly and without the apparent purpose of being brought to enforce the draft. I have written to General Halleck for two of the old regiments, and three if necessary, to make up 700 men. The ostensible purpose will be to rest and recruit them; but if the Government will send them they will be put in barracks here until the draft

