
is all sure. If they are not sent I will endeavor to have the necessary force form elsewhere. No draft will be made for several weeks yet, and none until I have private notice a week in advance. The only fear i have for this city is that the people by agitating and tailing may precipitate a riot before the draft is made. If they of so they have themselves alone to blame for it. When the law of the United States is to be executed I shall be ready with the necessary force, but if the people get up trouble in advance, and when no law is being resisted or ever in process of execution, they must hold themselves accountable for what follows.

I think it would be well for you to push on the organization of your militia regiments so that in case of last resort they may be ready. I will keep you advised of any matter worthy of notice, and will inform you some days before the draft is to be made.

I am, espectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 53. Washington, D. C., July 19, 1863.

Any person claiming exemption on the ground of alienage shall file before the Board an affidavit stating-

1. That he is an alien, and setting forth the Government of which he claims to be a subject.

2. The time when he came into the United States, and where he has resided since that date.

3. That he has never declared his intention to become a citizen of the United States, and has not exercised the right of suffrage by voting at any election in any State.

4. That he claims to be exempted from military service on the ground that he is the subject of a foreign Government, and has not declared his intention to become a citizen of the United States, and has never voted in any State.

The affidavit to be supported by any proof the party may offer.

If the Board is satisfied that the party claiming exemption is fully entitled thereto under the act of Congress they will discharge him from draft. But if not satisfied, they shall refer the case, with the affidavit, thought he Provost-Marshal-General, for decision by the Department of State, in the meantime suspending any action on the cate of the State Department shall in such case be considered evidence of the fact whether the person is or is not subject to military duty.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-Genera.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., July 19, 1863.

His Excellency ABNER COBURN,

Governor of the State of Maine, Augusta, Me.:

SIR: The enrollment act only provides that in assigning to the districts of a State the number of men to be furnished therefrom the President shall take into consideration the number of volunteers and

35 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

