
militia furnished by and from said State, and the period of their services, &amp;c. If, however, it shall be made to appear to the Provost-Marshal-General by the Government of any State that particular towns to which quotas have been assigned have heretofore actually furnished a surplus of men over other quotas, an order will be issued discharging from the service of the United States a number of men called into service by the present draft from said towns equal to the surplus proved to have been furnished heretofore.

Towns will thus get credit actually for their excess on former calls.

The number of men thus discharged from the service will be added to the next subsequent quota of the Congressional district to which said towns belong.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Similar letter sent to Governor Gilmore, New Hampshire; Governor Holbrook, Vermont; Governor Andrew, Massachusetts; Governor Buckingham, Connecticut. Official copy of the above letter sent ot the acting assistant provost-marshals-general of Maine and the above-mentioned States, respectively.)

STATE OF NEW YORK, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Albany, July 19, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

DEAR SIR: At my urgent request the Honorable Samuel J. Tilden goes to Washington for the purpose of stating to you my views and wishes with regard to affairs in this State/

He is thoroughly acquainted with my opinions and purposes. I trust you will give him an opportunity to communicate with you at length. I shall also address a letter to you in the course of a few days.

Truly, yours, &c.,

HORATIO SEYMOUR.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., July 19, 1863.

Brigadier General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Department of the East, New York City:

GENERAL: I have from Colonel R. C. Buchanan, acting assistant provost-marshal-general of New Yersey, evidence which seems to be conclusive that organizations are formed or forming in nearly all the districts in New Yersey to resist the draft. The lives and property of the officers in that State acting under this Bureau are threatened. There is no military force in the State to resist this opposition. I have ordered Colonel Buchanan not to attempt the draft at present, and even in the ordinary business of the Bureau to be rather yielding than otherwise until we are strong enough to go straight through. In New York City I have directed Colonel Nugent, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, to be in readiness to proceed with the draft as soon you think the military is in readiness to sustain me effectually in carrying out this vital measure of the Government. I shall order the draft

