
but in one district at a time in the city unless you think it will be safe to attempt more. I solicit your views on this point. in Troy the draft was commenced and suspended in consequence of the mob.

In Albany and Buffalo the threatening of the mob renders the commencement of the draft at this time injudicious. The same is the case in some of the smaller cities in the State of New York. My opinion is that under present circumstances it will be best to resume and complete the draft in the city of New York at the earliest to draft in Albany, then to Troy, and so on westward. Please give me your views on these points and let me know when to give orders to resume the draft.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, SOUTHERN DIVISION OF NEW YORK, New York, July 19, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: On the receipt of your telegram to-day, stating that when the draft was to be resumed I would be notified, I had an interview with Major-General Dix and Brigadier-General Canby. General Dix agreed with me that when it was resumed it should be commenced and carried out by districts, and in the very place where it was originally designed to take place. A tent erected on the ruins of the burnt buildings will afford ample accommodations. Major-General Dix very cheerfully agreed with my suggestion and ordered me to call on were of opinion that a strong and central point-such as the arsenal-ought to be selected, and the draft for three or four districts carried out there, but we were convinced that in order to teach the riotous part of the population that the Government was resolved to execute the laws, it should be done on the very spot which has suffered so much at the hands of the mob.

The great difficulty will next be to get the enrolling officers of the disaffected districts to serve notices on those persons whose names are already drawn. The district marshals so far have been unable to get them together, but in case I cannot have them I shall be obliged to employ some of the Invalid Corps, under a strong guard, to take their places.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. NUGENT,

Colonel Sixty-ninth N. Y. Vols and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., July 19, 1863.

Honorable S. G. ARNOLD,

Middletown:

(If not there, at Providence, R. I.)

The Board of Enrollment in the two districts of Rhode Island are exempting nearly all the drafted men. There must be something

