
These parties of savages have not confined themselves to the frontier counties, but in spite of all the vigilance that has been used, have, in several instances, within a week penetrated into some of the most populous counties of the State bordering on the Mississippi River. In this state of things I would suggest whether the settler who will be compelled, by the operation of the draft, to leave his family exposed to the terrible outrages of these fiends, may not ask to be relieved without an y imputation upon his loyalty or patriotism. If the proof of both is required, there is no doubt but it will be given by a ready response to the call of the Government. But must it be required at this time when the Indians are actually among us. Many of these men last year fled in terror from their homes with their families, leaving their property to pillage and destruction. This year they are genend themselves, and, if possible, exterminate the savages. The fact that many of them, and perhaps all in the frontier counties, if called out of the State, must remove their families to some place of safety, to be provided for by somebody, and again lose their crops and property, is an additional argument why they should be spared the sacrifice until it is absolutely necessary.

I make these suggestions, hoping that the national exigencies will not require the draft to proceed in Minnesota while our indian troubles are bearing so heavily upon us.

If, however, it is otherwise, and troops are to be called for from this State, could not the two regiments of U. S. volunteers (Eighth and Ninth) go, and their places on our frontier be supplied by a sufficient number of our State militia, to be enlisted from the most populous counties of the State, or where they can best be spared, and mustered into the service of the United States as frontier men, to serve during the Indian war.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. SWIFT,

Governor.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., July 20, 1863.

Major A. S. DIVEN,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General for Western Division of New York, Elmira, N. Y.:

The Government has no regiment of infantry or section artillery which can now be sent to Elmira, for prudential reasons. The actual want in New York City takes everything at this moment. You must avoid everything, even in performance of duty, which would lead to disturbance until you feel strong enough to overcome all opposition. A suitable force will be sent you just as soon as possible.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, SOUTHERN DIVISION OF NEW YORK, New York, July 20, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I applied this morning to Brigadier-General Canby for two companies, one each to be stationed as a permanent guard at the

