
office of the district marshal of the Sixth and Seventh Districts, as I had instructed the marshals of these districts to take their papers from the places where they had been sent last week for safe-keeping and complete their arrangements for the draft. In response to my application the general told me that at present he was unable to furnish the companies, but would do so as soon as possible. i also applied subsequently for four companies to act as a guard tot he men employed by Captain C. E. Jenkins in the ninth district to take his safe out of the ruins, but the guard could not be obtained. I inclose you my application with the indorsement thereon for your consideration.*

It was understood by General Canby that we were desirous to have the safe, as the names of the parties drawn on the 11th were in it, and that the law prescribed that they should be notified within ten days from the drawing, but the general seemed to think that as the drawing was not completed the requirements of the law need not be satisfied in that respect. At all events, he could not comply with my request, though I feel satisfied he would have done so if it were possible.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT NUGENT,

Colonel Sixty-ninth N. Y. Vols and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

HARRISBURG, July 20, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

GENERAL: Provost-marshal's office in Thirteenth District was broken open and robbed of contents. Have not heard particulars. Will inform you when known.

J. V. BOMFORD,

Lieutenant Colonel 16th U. S. Infty. and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

CONTINENTAL HOTEL, Philadelphia, July 20, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

(To be delivered in person.)

Governor Curtin is in this city. I have conferred with him about the means of paying our troops, and the money can be raised, requiring only your assurance that you will demand an adequate appropriation by Congress. It is understood that he vouchers shall be all in proper form. I would like you to telegraph your proposition at once, as the Governor wishes immediately to close the matter with the banks and other institutions. You may address me at the Union League.

J. R. FRY,

Chairman.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

