
PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 20, 1863.

Brigadier General T. G. PITCHER,

Actg. Asst. prov. March General for Vermont, Bratteborough, Vt.:

Minors can be accepted as substitutes with the consent of their parents.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

BOSTON, July 21, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

On the 18th instant I telegraphed asking that you authorize Massachusetts conscripted men to enlist as volunteers into any Massachusetts three-years" organization. This would enable me to pay them $50 State bounty each, from which they as mere conscripts would otherwise be excluded. I think such request reasonable and just, and respectfully ask the favor of a reply.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 21, 1863.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston:

Your telegram of the 18th has been under consideration by the Department, and has remained unanswered until the subject could be fully considered. After mature consideration it has been determined that the authority asked for by you cannot be granted by the Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Detroit, July 21, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General of the United States:

SIR: Pursuant to your telegraphic instructions of 13th instant, and in continuance of previous reports on this subject, I have now to report that the six companies of sharpshooters have been returned to Michigan at the request of His Excellency Governor Blair. These companies are returned for the ostensible purpose of completing the organization of the regiment. Five companies have been sent to Dearborn Arsenal and one company to Fort Wayne. Two Parrott guns will also be got in readiness and manned by members of the Invalid Corps and attached to the provost guard at Detroit barracks. Some forty or fifty cavalry recruits now at Coldwater will also be ordered to Detroit barracks. There has been a very excited state of feeling in the community for some days. Prominent distinguished supporters of the Government have apprehended attacks on their dwelling-houses and have made preparation for their defense, but I do not thing there is ground for further apprehension. When the

