
draft is ordered there will be the six companies of sharpshooters and two additional now being organized-making eight in all-a company of provost guards, a section of artillery, and a few cavalrymen, who I think will be fully adequate to put down any riot in this city. I have communicated to Governor Blair the suggestions I made in my letter of the 18th instant, and he highly approves the idea of returning to the State the most reduced Michigan regiments to receive the drafted men necessary to complete their numbers. Many of those regiments I am told are very much reduced, numbering not over a hundred men, and the more I reflect on the practical working of the draft the more I am convinced of the advisability of some such plan.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. HILL,

Major, Second Arty., Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Michigan.

AUBURN, N. Y., July 21, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: I telegraphed you from Lockport at 1 a. m. that I wanted 1,000 guns and ammunition, promising to explain the reason in a letter. Since then I have been at Syracuse, the headquarters of the Twenty-third District, where there is a very large foreign population connected with the salt manufacture, and where the marshal and his deputies are pretty thoroughly frightened. I do not believe there is as much danger as is apprehended, but do not like to disregard the cautions I receive from every quarter.

I have made arrangements with the authorities as follows: In the Twenty-fifth District the sheriff of the county of Ontario had agreed to furnish forty reliable meant to act as a posse under him, and I have agreed to place at the disposal of the provost- marshal forty muskets, to be used if occasion demands.

At Lockport, Twenty-ninth District, I have made a similar arrangement for 100. At syracuse 500. At this district-Twenty- fourth-we will start the draft day after to-morrow, at the other places as soon as the arms are ready. All these arms will be discreetly kept and turned over the time for the drafted men. I will write you more at length this evening or in the morning.

In haste, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

P. S.-Bufallo and Rochester are waiting for the return of troops that are expected from New York.

SARATOGA SPRINGS, July 21, 1863.

Honorable HENRY WILSON:

DEAR SIR: There is more difficulty about the draft in this State than the authorities at washington suspect.

Our State militia is mainly officered by open secessionists recently appointed by the Governor. They will lead the mob in these counties.

What we propose is that each provost-marshal be authorized to

