
The major-general told us that he would call on Governor Seymour to ascertain if it could be procured for this purpose and would let me know the result. What that has been I am unable to learn so far, as General Dix has not notified me of the result of the application, but I presume the arsenal can be obtained.

For the present General Canby is unable to furnish sufficient guard to the different district marshals who apprehend danger from the mob, so I have instructed them that until guards can be supplied they will keep their records at Governor's Island for safety.

The safes belonging to the marshals of the Eighth and Ninth Districts have been quietly and successfully taken out of the ruins, and upon examination I found their contents in a tolerably good state of preservation. No paper or ballot of any value has been destroyed.

I inclose you a letter from Captain Manierre on the subject of the draft.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT NUGENT,

Colonel Sixty-ninth N. Y. Vols. and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

[Inclosure.]

NEW YORK, July 22, 1863.

Colonel ROBERT NUGENT,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, New York City:

COLONEL: I have received your verbal order to notify the persons drafted by me on the 13th instant. I drew on that morning 216 persons.

I have used my best efforts to hire a place so as to establish my headquarters, but have not as yet succeeded.

It will be out of the question to comply with your orders until I can secure a place where the drafted men may be ordered to report, and where the enrolling board may sit to hear and pass upon those who present themselves, and laos for the further reason that you say you cannot furnish adequate protection.

I am prepared at any moment to proceed when I get a headquarters, which I trust soon to do, and when you can protect the marshal and those in his employ in the execution of their work.

I desire further to say that I see nothing in the law which would prevent the drawing taking place at the City Hall. It strikes me that it would be the best place, the most secure, the easiest protected.

If the draft was ordered to take place there I imagine there would be less feeling among the owners of property to rent me a place for my office.

I am satisfied that the mob is ready to rise the moment the wheel begins to turn, and I hope the Government will be prepared to protect all engaged in the business of the draft, for I am sure we cannot count on the protection of Governor Seymour.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

B. F. MANIERRE,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Eighth District.

HARRISBURG, July 22, 1863.

(Received 12.15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I am without answers to my dispatches in reference to pay of the militia called under my proclamation of the 27th of June. Arrange-

