
metns have been made in Philadelphia to raise the money, anticipating the action of Congress. A committee of gentlemen reported to me all you said on the subject, and handed me a copy of a dispatch from you. They informed me you would answer me. Am I to regard your conversation with the committee and your dispatch to them as your answer to me as Governor of the State? It is important I should hear from you, as I desire to refer to the subject in a letter to be written to the representatives of moneyed institutions to-day.

A. G. CURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 22, 1863.

His Excellency Governor A. G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Your telegrams respecting the pay of militia called out under your proclamation of the 27th of June have been referred to the President for instructions, and have been under his consideration. He directs me to say that while no law or appropriation authorities the payment by the General Government of troops that have not been mustered into the service of the United States, he will recommend to Congress to make an appropriation for the meant of troops called into State service to repel an actual invasion, including those of the state of Pennsylvania. If in the meantime you can raise the necessary amount, as has been done in other States, the appropriation will be applied to refund the advance to those who made it. Measures have been taken for the payment of troops mustered into the U. S. service as soon as the muster and pay rolls are made out. The answer of this Department to you as Governor of the State will be given directly to yourself whenever the Department is prepared to make answer.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PROVIDENCE, July 22, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

The class of substitutes accepted and now offering are scoundrels and thieves and cannot be kept securely. Twenty-vive escaped last night, and all will escape before reaching field. I believe many of them are enrolled. Can nothing be done?

W. SILVEY,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 22, 1863.

Captain WILLIAM SILVEY,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Providence, R. I.:

Scoundrels and thieves are not acceptable substitutes. Instruct your boards accordingly.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

