
EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Iowa City, Iowa, July 24, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: I have been applied to frequently by persons who desire to raise colored troops in this State for U. S. service. It is thought by them that a full regiment may be raised in this State. I do not think so, but the number of black persons in this State may be now much larger than I suppose. I have felt some backwardness, too, about engaging in raising colored troops in this State lest men from Missouri calling themselves loyal might prowl about the camps and claim the men who had enlisted as their fugitive slaves, and thus cause much excitement and trouble.

But the Government wants troops, and I am anxious they shall be furnished, and, if you desire, I shall raise what troops of this kind I can in this State. Please let me know and I will commune the work.

If I cannot raise a full regiment, will a number of companies less than a regiment be accepted?

Will I appointed the company officers and the field officers if a regiment be completed?

Will the troops raise be credited to the State against any future draft?

What is the pay of officers and men of colored troops?

An early answer will oblige.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

WORCESTER, MASS., July 24, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Allow me to bring to your attention some of the results of my observation of the enforcement of the draft in this Congressional the draft enforced and made as successful as possible. The representative of this loyal district would be perfidious to their constituents not to desire this. Therefore let me say freely that I think that some of the constructions of the law that have come from the Provost-Marshal-General have embarrassed its operations.

First. The construction that the payment of $300 is not equivalent to furnishing a substitute has started the substitute brokerage business into full operation, with a vast amount of attending scoundrelism. Drafted men prefer, of course, to present substitutes, even if they pay more than $300 to secure them-those drafted men, I mean, who will pay rather than enter the service- but most of the substitutes will desert, if possible, as soon as they get the money. They are not such men as would be secured if the matter were in the hands of the Government. Here to-night while I am writing our provost-marshal has some thirty-five accepted substitutes under guard. Four of them escaped an hour after they were shut up; the guard has been doubled. Probably more will escape before they reach the rendezvous. In Boston and Providence the escapes have been much more numerous. Men whom Government offers would induce to enlist, if the commutation money should be used to induce them, will not goethe crowd presented by the substitute brokers, and the substitute business is

