
[Inclosure.]

PROV. March 'S OFFICE, THIRD NEW HAMPSHIRE DISTRICT,

West Lebanon, July 22, 1863.

Major O. A. MACK,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

MAJOR: I am in receipt of information that in Sunapee, in Sullivan County, in this district, a large number of persons have held meetings to consider measures for resisting the draft. They have procured a large number of guns and revolvers and meet frequently to drill. They rang the bells when news of the New York riot came and threaten to burn the buildings of the Union men in that town. I understand that William C. Sturoc, esq., a naturalized Scotchman, has harangued the people there on the subject, urging them to riotous proceedings.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER PIKE,

Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, July 24, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: I have received yours of the 22nd instant and will be glad to confer with the acting assistant provost-marshals where there is likely to be trouble in enforcing the dart, and give them such directions as may be necessary. I think it of the utmost importance that the draft should go on steadily in districts where there is no opposition, as its successful completion in them will aid us where it is opposed.

I hope to resume the draft here at an early day and that it may be enforced without serious disturbance. But some delay is necessary, and a strong force may be needed to insure quietude. I am in daily communication with General Canby, and our views are in perfect accordance.

I have received a letter to-day from the mayor of Oswego expressing some anxiety as to that city. If you will direct the acting assistant provost-marshal in charge of the district embracing that locality to report the facts to me, I shall be better able to judge what preparation is necessary.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

BUFFALO, N. Y., July 24, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the been requested by some of the first citizens here to ask you if you cannot spare a battery from Camp Barry, temporarily, for the purpose of keeping good order in the city with reference to the approaching draft. A large number of thieves from Canada have arrived here. It is believed they will be stimulated, and perhaps armed, by the secessionists who are now stopping at the Clifton House. The presence of a light battery would do more to overawe them than anything else that could be done.

