
Extensive trade organizations, numbering in all about 7,000 men, exist in the city. They are hostile to the draft, and through it is not known that they intend to make any resistance to it, yet they may be drawn into doing so.

Should you conclude to have a battery sent, it is the desire to have it manned from some other part of the State in order that there may be no sympathy between the military and the rioters.

I am not on duty here but an awaiting orders, and wish it to be understood that this is written at the earnest desire of the respectable citizens here.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. DOUBLEDAY,

Major-General of Volunteers.

P. S.-If a battery is to be sent it should be by the first rain in order to be in time.

A. D.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROV. March General FOR OHIO,

Columbus, Ohio, July 24, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: There are symptoms of trouble in several districts of this State.

In the Eighteenth and in the Tenth a large Irish population are much dissatisfied and excited by misrepresentations about the drafting. I have procured the Governor to issue arms to several volunteer companies at Toledo and at Cleveland, and think hat force will be sufficient to prevent any serious outbreak.

In this and the adjoining district I am satisfied that a regular organization exists which will resist the draft if it deems itself sufficiently strong.

I am constantly apprised of its movements through a detective, and will take every precaution in connection with the military to crush any outbreak, and when sufficient evidence is accumulated I purpose to arrest the leaders, some of whom hold high political places. In the First, Second, and Third Districts here are slight evidences of designed mischief, but matters there are not sufficiently developed to show to what extent we ought to be apprehensive.

I have instructed the marshals of those several districts to get all the information possible by means of their detectives of a purpose to oppose the draft, and to communicate with the military authorities in the district.

I have no reason to apprehend trouble in any other parts of the State than those named.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very obedient servant,

ED. A. PARROTT,

Colonel First Ohio Infantry, A. A. P. M. G. for Ohio.

MOHEGAN, July 25, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

To your honor, sir, at this horrible crisis, amidst feudal corruption and shedding of blood, a very important and delicate question has

