
"commissioners" was obliged to forego his intentions in that particular. While it is as generally known that not one man was enlisted in the Territories of Dakota and Colorado, I am credibly informed, notwithstanding, that the troops thus raised were credited to the district and not to the State. While, as I have said, Kansas furnished all the men composing those regiments, it is manifestly and grossly unjust to divide the credit with those Territories that did not contribute a man. For the reasons I have indicated, it is impossible for this department to furnish statistics showing the exact number of men furnished by the State. The number of regiments furnished and put into the field by the State. The number of regiments furnished and put into the field by the State is eleven (the Third and Fourth were consolidated and constitute the Tenth, which accounts for the designations reaching thirteen); also two batteries of artillery. From such partial information as I have been able to obtain, I am of the opinion that the total number of men furnished by the State will reach nearly, if not quite, 12,000. I feel positive that it cannot fall below 11,000. This calculations is based upon the strength of the several regiments according to the report of my predecessor, made December 31, 1862, and which may be considered tolerably correct, the large number of recruits since furnished to the various regiments (many of which have not been reported), and an estimate of the casualties which had occurred in each regiment n to the date of my predecessor's report. In addition to these one regiment of colored troops was raised in the State prior to the assumption by the War Department of recruiting for that class of troops, and has been mustered and for some time serving under Major-General Blunt. I have no means of knowing what was the strength of the regiment at the time of its muster, and it is for the Department to determine what credit is due to Kansas for raising it. The Fourteenth Regiment Kansas Volunteers (cavalry) is now in process of recruitment, but I am not advised as to the number of men enlisted at this time. By authority of the Legislature an agent has been appointed by the Governor to visit the various regiments and secure the statistics necessary for this department and for the information of all interested. This is a work requiring much time and care, and I am not able to say when it will be completed, although a report is expected at an early day. When that report shall be made I shall be able to state precisely the exact extent of the contributions of Kansas to the cause of the Union, which all concede to have been generous beyond her means. If the Department is in possession of the records showing the number of men furnished by this State, you will confer a favor by causing the information to be forwarded to this department, with the strength of each regiment at the time of its muster into the service of the United States separately designated.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUILDFORD DUDLEY,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 25, 1863.

Honorable HENRY WILSON,

U. S. Senate, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have received yours of the 23rd instant saying that there is a great feeling in Boston in regard to the decision that paying $300 only relieves a man from the draft, &amp;c., and that your lawyers

