
I join in the above request, but without prejudice to my application for a provost guard, which I deem absolutely necessary.

G. A. SCROGGS,

Provost-Marshal, Thirtieth District of New York.
HEADQUARTERS,Philadelphia, Pa., July 25, 1863.

Major General D. N. COUCH,

Commanding Dept. of the Susquehanna, Chambersburg, Pa.:

GENERAL: Your two telegrams of the 23rd instant in relation to Major-General Dana were dully received, and I have this morning received your letter of the same date by mail.

The services of Major-General Dana will, as I have already informed you, be required here in the event of the troops now on duty here being called upon for active service, and in the meantime he is also rendering assistance to Professor Bache in the construction of the works for the defense of the city, with which he has been familiar, and which duties Professor Bache requested that he should continue to perform. I will therefore avail myself of your permission to retain General Dana here for the present.

It seems from your letter just received that you had not received my letter of the 18th instant addressed to Harrisburg informing you of my having been assigned to the command here by the General-in-Chief. The receipt by you of the copy of my instructions, which I subsequently transmitted to you to Chambersburg, supplied you with the information contained in my former letter.

The draft is progressing quietly here, and we do not anticipate any different until it is attempted to take the drafted men who do not report.

I think it proper to state that I hear from different sources of a strong combination in Schuylkill County, in this State, to resist the arrest of drafted men. It is also stated by some of the citizens of Pottsville to consist of about 3,000 men, armed, and having officers who are said to be drilling them, who have been in the U. S. service. It is also stated that they have several prices of artillery, and that they are supplied with ammunition. It may be important to consider from what direction forces are to be drawn to be sent there when the emergency may arise, and it may perhaps be well that some discreet person should be sent there to inquire about it.

Governor Curtin may perhaps have the information, or could take measures to obtains it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. CADWALADER,

Major-General, Commanding

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Providence, R. I., July 25, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General of the United States:

I have delayed writing to you in reference to your decision as contained in paragraph 1, Circular 44, knowing that it was my plain duty to see that your orders were faithfully executed by the boards of enrollment in this State. I find the feeling not only among the people

