
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 27, 1863.

His Excellency SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa, Des Moines, Iowa:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to inform you that you are hereby authorized to raise one regiment of infantry to be composed of colored men, to be mustered into the U. S. service for three years or during the war.

To these troops no bounties will be paid. They will receive $10 per month and one ration per day, $3 of which monthly pay may be in clothing.

The organization of the regiment must conform in all respect with the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 110, War Department, 1863, a copy of which is herewith.*

The prescribed number of commissioned officer will be appointed in accordance with the provisions of General Orders, Nos. 143 and 144, War Department, current series, copies of which please find inclosed.+ The officers thus apointed will be mustered into service on the presentation to the mustering officer of their appointments signed by the Secretary of War. The appointments will be made to keep pace with the muster into service of the several companies. Thus, on information being received from you that the first company has been mustered into serviced, the necessary appointments for that company will be made. When four companies are mustered in the lieutenant-colonel of the regiment will be appointed, and so on in accordance with the Revised Mustering Regulations.

To facilitate the appointment of the officers, it is respectfully suggested that it would be well to forward to the Adjutant-General of the Army, as early as practicable, the names of such persons as you wish to have examined for appointment, and permission will be immediately given them to appear before the examining board no in session in Cincinnati, or the board in session in Washington if more convenient for the parties.

The necessary supplies will be furnished by the respective departments upon requisitions approved by you.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE.-If you should find it impracticable to raise a full regiment, any number of companies less than that required for a regimental organization will be accepted.

IOWA CITY, July 27, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I would much prefer the Seventh Iowa Cavalry should not leave until the draft is over. I fear some trouble, and would rather prevent than put it down. Please answer.

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD.

---------------

*See p. 175.

+See pp. 215, 216.

---------------

