
Sixth, yer remains incomplete, and I would suggest that when the Department is ready to order a draft in this State it be executed in the four districts in which the enrollment is completed, without waiting for the completion of the Fourth and Sixth. I have received reports from provost-marshals of other districts that difficulty and trouble are apprehended when the draft is ordered, and applications have been made to me for arms; but, the draft executed in this city, there will be but little trouble in other parts of the State, and would be well, I think, to commence the draft in the First District, and, after being executed here, to begin it in other districts. This would enable me to send from the force now in this vicinity a company to each other district headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. HILL,

Major, Second Artillery, A. A. P. M. G. for Michigan.

CONCORD, N. H., July 27, 1863.

(Received 9.30 a. m. 28th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

SIR: A martial spirit is being infused into the loyal mind of New Hampshire and I desire to encourage it. Militia organizations upon which the country must rely to enforce all laws are rapidly springing into existence. I require your order for 800 more Springfield rifled muskets, and 1,000 sets of infantry equipments complete, with which to stimulate the organization of loyal companies. Send me Springfield arms.

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor.

ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Elmira, N. Y., July 27, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

I am in receipt of communication from Buffalo relative to the danger threatened if the draft is proceeded with, addressed to you and returned to me. I am also in receipt of numerous other communications direct from citizens of Buffalo, in which it is insisted that the draft shall be put off until it is completed in New York. It is natural that men of property should be alarmed. I am satisfied, hover, that they very much magnify the danger. I am satisfied, however, that they very much magnify the danger. I shall go there to-night, and I believe I can make such arrangements with the civil authorities as will satisfy them with what force we may be able to send from here.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

SYRACUSE, N. Y., July 27, 1863.

General FRY:

DEAR SIR: I wish to say that representation from cowardly persons being made to you that in case of draft at this place a riot will follow

