
is all got up for effect. Those having a disposition to riot will not, nor dare, attempt anything of the kind. We have the men and means to draft any day your order it done. Our provost-marshal was formerly a county merchant, and has become quite timid from what is told by persons who amuse themselves by intimidating him. I am informed that he will resign unless the persons succeed in getting the draft postponed who have gone to Washington for that purpose.

The draft will go on as soon as your order it. No person will escape who may try to obstruct it in any way. Our provost-marshal is one of the finest of men, but wholly unfit for the place.

Yours,

R. R. LOWELL,

U. S. Deputy Marshal.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 27, 1863.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Philadelphia, Pa.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 23rd instant recommenating that the draft be postponed in Schuylkill County, Pa., and vicinity for the present, and that when it is undertaken it should take place at Pottsville and in presence of a large force, in view of the opposition meditated by a large number of armed men in that vicinity organized to resist the carrying out of that law.

I have to state in reply that I approve the course you recommend taking to enforce the draft in that vicinity. I would also state that the two companies of the Invalid Corps stationed at Pottsville are there for the present to guard the headquarters of the district and not to enforce the draft.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, July 27, 1863.

Honorable EDWARD SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin, Madison:

GOVERNOR: The War Department declines to permit any of the old Wisconsin regiments to be brought back to the State. They cannot be spared from the armies in the field. We are therefore left to what force can be provided here for protection in the event of difficulty in enforcing the conscription law. Nod raft has been ordered, nor do I think there will be for some time. I will notify you privately at least a week in advance.

I have sent up for two companies of the Thirtieth at Bayfield and Superior, and for two companies of the same regiment on the Missouri River. i have also directed the commanding officer at Saint Paul to bring down two companies to that place and hold them in readiness. When the draft is ordered I can, therefore, have here at least eight companies; besides these, there are here eighty men enlisted for the artillery, with reliable officers. I will get you in a day or two to send

