
to the Attorney-General of the United States, who acts through the agency of the U. S. district attorney, marshals, and the courts.

Information has reached this Department that some of the military authorities at Nashville, probably through misapprehension, are acting in conflict with the U. S. marshal. The President directs me to request you to issue such orders to your subordinates as will avoid any interference with the civil officers in the performance of their duties under the Attorney-General's instructions.

You will please transmit to this Department an acknowledgment of this communication and a copy of any orders issued under it by you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 2, 1863.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of the Executive Order filed in this Department respecting the exportation of arms and munitions of war and contraband articles.* No order has been issued by this Department in respect to the exportation of arms or munitions of war to the Mexican Republic or French army, except the direction referred to in the Executive Order of November 21, 1862, to seize a lot of arms at Rouse's Point, which were about to be exported. The principal part of the arms seized have since been purchased by this Government.

Since the Executive Order this Department has granted no permits, but has refused permission to Russian, French, Spanish, and Mexican government for the export of arms and munitions of war.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON.

MILITARY DEPT. OF MICHIGAN, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Detroit, MArch 2, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

For the purpose of filling up the old regiments now in the field, I have required all the drafted men to go into them. Many of them, or their substitutes, are volunteering in those regiment for three years. I have promised them the advance bounty of $25, allowed to volunteers, and the $4 premium. I hope they may be allowed this, and that Colonel Smith, the mustering officer here, may be directed to pay it without delay, as the men are waiting for it.

AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor of Michigan.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

March 2, 1863.

GOVERNOR OF MICHIGAN:

Your arrangement is approved. Order will be given to pay the bounty and premium.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

---------------

* See November 21, 1862, Vol. II, this series, p. 849.

---------------

