
down two of the pieces of artillery for them. I have armed them for the present with muskets. What force will you require at Madison, and what militia force have you there; or can you bring them on an emergency, having five days" notice? We shall to some extent have to rely upon militia if there are any very serious disturbances. In the rural districts a very few men will be sufficient, whilst in some of the large towns it may perhaps be necessary to have considerable force. I would be glad to know at your convenience what you can do in the way of militia, and should be glad also to have your views on the subject.

I am, Governor, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 236. Washington, July 28, 1863.

1. A bureau will be attached to the War Department, to be designated the Cavalry Bureau.

2. This bureau will have charge of the organization and equipment of the cavalry forces of the Army, and of the provision for the mounts and remounts of the same.

3. The purchases of all horses for the cavalry service will be made by officers of Quartermaster's Department, under the direction of the chief of the Cavalry Bureau. Inspections of horses offered for the cavalry service will be made by cavalry officers.

4. Depots will be established for the reception, organization, and discipline of cavalry recruits and new regiments, and for the collection, care, and training of cavalry horses. These depots will be under the general charge of the Cavalry Bureau.

5. Copies of inspection reports of cavalry troops, and such returns as may be at any time called for, will be sent to the Bureau established by this order.

6. The enormous expense attending the maintenance of the cavalry arm points to the necessity of greater care and more judicious management on the part of cavalry officers, that their horses may be constantly kept up to the standard of efficiency for service. Great neglects of duty in this connection are to be attributed to officers in command of cavalry troops. It is the design of the War Department to correct such neglects by dismissing from service officers whose inefficiency and inattention result in the deterioration and loss of the public animals under their charge.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 237. Washington, July 28, 1863.

The following instructions, intended to promote the efficiency of the cavalry service, are promulgated for the guidance of all concerned:

I. Inspections will be made of all cavalry troops at the end of every month, reports of which inspections will be forwarded without delay,

