
through the army or department commander, to the head of the Cavalry Bureau at Washington. These reports will exhibit the condition of the cavalry service in general, and especially the condition of the mounts. The reports shall state what service the troops inspected have done since last inspected; how many miles their horses have traveled within the month; what character of service has been required of them, and under what circumstances it has been rendered; meant, showering, &amp;c.; what has been the quantity

and character of the rations of forage issued to them; if there have been any deficiency of forage, and who is responsible therefor, &c.; and shall convey any other information pertaining to the objects of the inspection which it may be advisable should come to the notice of the Bureau.

II. Inspection reports shall divide cavalry horses into four classes:

1. Those which are to be condemned as unfit for any use whatever in any branch of the service. With regard to this class, proceedings are to be had as required by existing regulations.

2. Those now unfit for cavalry service and not likely to be efficient again for such service, which may be used for team or draft horses, or for herding purposes. Horses of this class are to be turned in the Quartermaster's Department.

3. Those which are now unfit for service or nearly so, but which, by timely care and treatment in depots, will regain condition. Such horses are to be sent to such depots as may be established for the Army, be replaced by and equal number of good animals from the depots. As soon as serviceable the horses turned in will be eligible for reissue.

4. Serviceable horses.

The number of each class of horses willry report of inspection for each troops in the service.

III. A suitable number of officers of the Quartermaster's Department will be directed to report at once to the chief of the Cavalry Bureau, to be charged with disbursements for the objects of his Bureau, under this direction.

IV. Purchases will be forthwith made of a sufficient number of horses to meet the present and the prospective wants of the service up to September 1, 1863, and the horses placed in depots for issue from time to time.

V. Requisitions for mounts will be made though the intermediate commanders of the chief of the Cavalry Bureau, who will give orders on the depots for the horses need to fill them.

VI. Officers of the Quartermaster's Department assigned to duty under the orders of the chief of the Cavalry Bureau will make their reports and returns of money and property, as required by existing laws and regulations, to the accounting officers of the Treasury and to the Quartermaster-General, and will also make to the chief of the Cavalry Bureau such reports and returns as he may require for his information.

Estimates for funds will be submitted to the chief of the Cavalry Bureau for his approval before being finally acted upon by the Choirmaster-General.

VII. Major General George Stoneman is announced as the chief of the Cavalry Bureau in Washington.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

