
2. The superintendents of the regimental recruiting service shall be assistants to the superintendent of the general service, and shall command the depots of their regiments as at present located.

3. No more that two officers shall be detailed from each of the first ten infantry regiments, nor six from each of the remaining nine.

4. No more than three officers shall be detailed from each of the first four artillery regiments, nor four from the other one.

5. All officers and enlisted men who may become incapacitated for field service by wounds or disease, but who are still able to perform garrison or light duty, will be organized into invalid companies for the regiments to which they belong, and considered as constituting the permanent garrisons of their regimental depots.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 59. Washington, D. C., July 28, 1863.

Whenever any drafted man shall show to the Board of Enrollment of the district in which he may have been enrolled that he was improperly enrolled, having been, when enrolled, an alien, a non- resident of the district, not of proper age, or in the service on the 3rd of March, 1863, he shall be discharged by the Board, and his place in the quota shall not be filled from the 50 per cent; drawn in addition to the quota to supply vacancies created by exemptions arising under the second section of the enrollment act.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 28, 1863.

Captain HENRY A. SCHEETZ,

Provost-Marshal, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: I inclose herewith letter* to the Board of Enrollment of the District of Columbia, directing that a draft be made out on that District for 3,865 men of the first class. You will see that the Board make the draft immediately upon being ordered to do so, and that the drafted men are notified with the least possible delay to appear at District headquarters.

* * *

Call on General Martindale and inform him that you have received orders for draft in the District of Columbia, and that you are prepared to enter on the execution of it, and request the general to make such suggestions and arrangements as he may deem best to secure a proper enforcement of the draft.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost=Marshal-General.

(Similar letter sent to Captain, Delaware, for 1,636 men.)

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

