
No given number has been fixed as the quota of men to be drafted from the United States or any particular State. The rule is to take one-fifth of the enrolled men of the first class in each and every Congressional district as the quota for that district without regard to other district of the State or to other States.

If in the enrollment of a district names which should have been entered are omitted through neglect, accident, or design, the General Government is alone the loser, as it calls for one-fifth of the enrolled men of first class in that district, whether it be many of few. It is in this particular that the imperfections of the enrollment are to be found but, as stated, no district or class of men suffer from it.

It may be, however, through I don"t think it is the case to any great extent, that in some districts non-residents and aliens have been enrolled, but if such is the case no hardship to the district or people is likely to arise from it, as all such if drawn in the draft will be discharged, and their places are not to be filled by the district, the 50 per cent. additional being called for only to supply vacancies caused by exemptions granted under the law to residents of the district.

In assigning quotas to districts of States which States have heretofore furnished an excess of troops, the said excess is distributed pro rata among the districts and deducted from their quotas.

You will perceive from the foregoing that whether the enrolment is or is not perfect, no injustice or hardship results to the people of the States or districts by the method adopted of assigning quotas, though the General Government would not get so many men as it would if the enrollment could be made absolutely perfect. Errors will be corrected whether they may be discovered or pointed out.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

HEADQUARTERS CITY AND HARBOR OF NEW YORK

City of New York, July 28, 1863.

The GENERAL-IN-CHIEF:

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of yesterday. Assuming, as in my judgment we should, that the enforcement of the draft will be resisted and that this resistance may take the form of an insurrection against the General Government, it will be prudent to re-enforce the troops now here to such an extent as will secure the forts in the harbor against any sudden seizure by the mob or by insurgents.

The volunteer recruits in this neighborhood and the State militia furnish in numbers a sufficient force for this purpose, but it is still questionable how far the local troops may be relied on in the event of an outbreak. The State authorities have not yet declared themselves with sufficient distinctness to deprive the disaffected of all hope of sympathy, if not of assistance, in any movement they may undertake, and it is to be apprehended that they may not do this until it is too late. If the proper courses is adopted by them there will be no serious trouble. If it is not, there will be, and it will not be safe to allow the control of the harbor to depend in any degree upon this chance.

I think the minimum force required for this purpose will be four regiments of infantry of medium strength-2,000 or 2,400 men-and they should be drawn from the troops that will not sympathize with

