
any local excitement, as that will enable us to employ without danger some portion of the volunteer recruits now in this neighborhood.

The contingency may not occur, and in that case the troops may soon be returned, but the lesson will not be thrown away.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 28, 1863.

Major A. S. DIVEN,

Provost-Marshal, Buffalo, N. Y.:

(Care of Captain G. A. Scroggs.)

Colonel Marshall, at Rochester, telegraphs hat he has received strong appeal for 300 men for Buffalo, and that he is called upon in every district So far as I can understand, your operations are not such as to provoke disturbance or render a military force necessary is so many district at this time, and you had better not let an exictement be created by unnecessary movements of troops. I have told Colonel Marshall to communicate with you and to comply with your suggestions as to when and where to send troops. Communicate with him. Four companies Invalid Corps left Louisville by rail yesterday to report to you at Elmira.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROV. March 'S OFFICE, THIRTIETH DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,

Buffalo, July 28, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: I am in receipt of your telegram of this day relative to requests on Colonel Marshall, of Rochester, to furnish troops to protect against disorders. If you were to listen to all the reports of danger and demands for protection, you would not have troops enough to secure order in Western New York through you were to break up the Army of the Potomac. And yet I answer you I cannot see the slightest sympton of disorder. Wherever the draft is undertaken it goes on quietly. I do not like to disregard the admonitions of the whole community, the shrewd as well as the weak. I think I am sufficiently prudent and will do everything in my power to satisfy the people and allay their fears except giving up the draft; that I will not do unless directed by you. I found when I reached here this morning rumors of a riot in Lockport, and that a company of the Seventy-fourth Militia, still waiting here to be mustered out, had gone down. I saw Colonel Fox on his return and he said all was quiet. I shall go down to Lockport to-night and from there to Rochester, and if I can see anything to alarm me I will let you know. I think if Colonel Marshall gives protection to the draft in Rochester, and satisfies the fears of the citizens there he will do good service. I requested him this morning, when I heard there was a riot in Lockport, to send guard with some arms I had sent to that place and that would pass through Rochester this morning. I thought if there was a riot there he arms might fall into the hands of rioters.

