
These arms safely there, and with the arrangement I have with the sheriff of Niagara County, I do not entertain any fears of a Lockport riot. Be sure that I will communicate by telegraph any cause of alarm that presents itself to me.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

A. S. DIVEN,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Western New York.

PROV. March 'S OFFICE, THIRTIETH DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,

Buffalo, July 28, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

DEAR SIR: This will be handed you by William Wilkenson, esq., of this city. He is a gentleman of high respectability, who has been selected by the citizens to present to the Government the condition of the city and the means deemed necessary to secure its tranquillity.

There is no doubt but that the community is seriously alarmed, and nothing but the presence of a small military force will establish confidence. If you can place at the disposal of the provost-marshal 500 men, it will establish confidence in the minds of the orderly and show to any disorderly or riotously disposed persons that the Government is prepared to enforce the law.

Your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 60. Washington, July 29, 1863.

* * *

II. Boards of Enrollment are informed that no limits of stature are established for drafted men and beyond which they shall be exempted from military service. The matter of stature should be considered by the Board only in the general examination as to the physical fitness of the man for military service.

* * *

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, July 29, 1863.

Brigadier General R. ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have received and attentively considered the report to you of Colonel L. B. Parsons of 23rd of June last upon steam- boat transportation on the Western rivers. The view therein presented appear to be judicious, and the department is desirous of inaugurating a system by which they may be brought into practical operation. You will instruct Colonel Parsons to prepare and submit for your revision, and for transmission to this office, a draft of the instructions or orders which it may appear to him to be necessary to issue from this office, or that of the Adjutant-General, for this purpose.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

