
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 29, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES OAKES,

Fourth Cav., Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Springfield, Ill.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the Provost-Marshal-General to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 23rd instant, and to say that he desires you to avoid all unnecessary collisions with the people, and to instruct the officers and men under your supervision to do the same, in the present condition of things, as much as possible; but at the same, in the present condition of things, as much as possible; but at the same time he does not wish you to permit the Government interests to suffer. The course which you have heretofore pursued is approved.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 29, 1863.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

The scouting cavalry for twelve-months" service mentioned in your telegram will be accepted. The Provost-Marshal-General will issue mustering orders. I reply to your letter by mail.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 29, 1863.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts, Boston, Mass.:

SIR: The letters of the adjutant-general of Massachusetts of June 25 (intended for July 25) and July 27, with the tables accompanying them, have been received and carefully considered.* The table of July 25 gives a list of 297 towns claiming a surplus of 4,546 men, three-years", and 2,713 nine-months" men; a total of 7,259 over all calls upon 297 towns of Massachusetts. The table of July 27 gives a list of 3,413 three-years" men furnished by 294 towns included in the 297 above referred to, which increases the aggregate of three-years" meant to 7,959. But the letter of the 27th gives a total of 3,413, while that of the 25th gives but 2,713 as nine-months" men, which takes away all surplus of nine-months" and adds 700 three-years" men, and I do not fully understand how to reconcile the two letters and how to ascertain what is the surplus claimed. A careful revision of the muster- rolls of all troops furnished by the State of Massachusetts has been made in the office of the Adjutant-General of the Army, and is considered to be the official statement upon which all questions of excess or deficiencies are to be discussed.

---------------

*Table omitted in view of recapitulation here given.

---------------

