
ST. LOUIS, March 4, 1863 - 6 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Six companies infantry organized, 527 men; four companies cavalry organized, 368 men; one company of artillery, 140 men; six guns light artillery. Two hundred recruits just received; will be organized by Friday. The whole force is now coming on the boats. Five boats are here receiving the command. Quartermaster and commissary's boat arrive to-morrow. Hospital boat is not yet finished.

Respectfully,

ALFRED W. ELLET,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO,

March 5, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have to advise that you grant an amnesty to all soldiers who are now absent without leave, on condition that they voluntarily surrender themselves to the commanding officer of the nearest post within thirty days, with forfeiture of pay during their absence, announcing at the same time your fixed determination to punish all with the extreme penalty of the law who do not thus return.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

[MARCH 6, 1863.- For General Hunter's General Orders, Numbers 17, drafting all unemployed able-bodied male negroes between the ages of eighteen and firty into the military service of the United States, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. XIV, p. 1020.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Murfreesborough, March 7, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In reply to your favor of the 27th ultimo, respecting the laws for the confiscation of rebel and contraband property, stating that interference had occurred in Nashville with the legitimate authorities by persons acting under authority from these headquarter, I beg to say:

First. No one has been more careful and anxious to give strength and vigor to the regularly constituted authorities than I have been.

Second. I know of no instance of collision between officers acting under military authority wherein there was any important principle involved.

Third. The only complaints brought to my notice were instances where property held by the U. S. marshal was thought necessary and sought to be used for the public service, to which that officer objected on account of his personal liability for the same.

Fourth. The city being at once a camp, a garrison, and a great depot, I found it absolutely necessary to put and keep it under a species of martial law, and to establish a surveillance over its trade,

