
unable to yield my judgment; and although your suggestions may be an improvement on the law, I do not feel at liberty to adopt them.

I am, very truly, yours,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, July 30, 1863.

His Excellency HORATIO SEYMOUR,

Governor of the State of New York:

SIR: As the draft under the act of Congress of March 3, 1863, for enrolling and calling out the national forces, will probably be resumed in this city at an early day, I am desirous of knowing whether the military power of the State may be relied on to enforce the execution of the law in case of forcible resistance to it. I am very anxious that there should be perfect harmony of action between the Federal Government and that of the State of New York, and if, under your authority to see the laws faithfully executed, I can feel assured that the act referred to will be enforced, I need not ask the War Department to put at my disposal for the purpose troops in the service of the United States.

I am the more unwilling to make such a request, as they could not be withdrawn in any considerable number from the field without prolonging the war and giving aid anto the enemies of the Union at the very moment when our successes promise, with a vigorous effort, the speedy suppression of the rebellion.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

MADISON, WIS., July 30, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

It has been talked positively in many papers that the Governor of New Jersey had obtained permission to raise the quota of drafted men by volunteering, and thirty days had been allowed for that purpose before draft should be executed in that State. If that is true I urgently request the same privilege for Wisconsin. If allowed there it would seem unjust and create trouble not to allow it here. If not true I wish to announce the fact.

Answer immediately and give us the same privilege of volunteers granted to any other State without further request.

EDWD. SALOMON,

Governor.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 30, 1863.

Honorable EDWARD SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin:

SIR: Your letter of the 25th instant has been received. When the quotas of the several districts of Wisconsin are calculated the excess or deficiency of troops furnished by each district under the calls of

