
fied by the report I made. I speak now of the verbal report. I shall immediately prepare a written report and take [it] to Albany, and I will then send a copy to you and one to the President, as I promised to do. It will shoo clearly the inequalities of the enrollment, and also make suggestions for securing fairness in the draft. I find, on inquiry, that the enrolling officers avowed that they enrolled persons at their places of business and also at their residences. It is very important that you should take no further steps in regard to the draft in this city and neighborhood until you get that paper, which will not probably be later than Thursday next. If this matter can be got along with without trouble or discontent, it is certainly far better to the Government that it should be so. Of one thing the assured, it is of the first importance that the draft should be so conducted as to preclude any probability of unfairness, and the President assured me that we could rely upon having such a course.

We are now getting volunteers in this city at the rate of a hundred a day.

If there is a general disposition to aid and accommodate between the officers of the State and General Governments we will come out all right. I would send my report sooner, but it will be a work of considerable labor to prepare it.

I remain, very respectfully and truly, yours, &amp;c.,

NELSON J. WATERBURY.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, SOUTHERN DIVISION OF NEW YORK,

New York, July 31, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of business and general transactions for the month ending July 31, 1863.

REPORT.

Enrollment.-The month just closing has been one of eventful interest. The enrollment was completed on or about the 5th instant, and the work of consolidating names of persons of class one finished on the 10th instant; nothing remained to be done for the perfect completion of the work of enrollment but the comparison of names gathered by the provost-marshals, in their respective districts, of persons residing in another or adjoining districts. The peculiar system which prevails in the city of New York, where nearly all the business community resides in other districts than those in which their business community resides in other district than those in which their business is located, many residing in the cities of Brooklyn, Jersey City, and Hoboken, as well as the many suburban villages, rendered this work one of great labor, and of necessity required much time in order to insure the necessary degree of correctness. The means first adopted to aid in accomplishing this object, by means of advertisements and posters calling upon citizens who had been enrolled in districts other than those in which they resided to obtain certificates by which their names could be erased from the lists in the districts in which they transacted their business, failed in any great measure to accomplish the result desired.

It then became evident that this object could only be accomplished by means of a system of exchange-the provost- marshals rendering to

