
each other lists of persons enrolled in their respective districts and claiming residence in another, when by comparison it could be determined whether the persons named had been properly enrolled in the district where they resided, or from some cause had been omitted. While credit must be given for the very general excellence in the selection of enrolling officers by the provost-marshals, yet the different degrees of capability existing among them rendered it all but impossible that more or less errors should occur, and a careful system of revision was rendered absolutely necessary. The work of exchange had sceracely been gone into to any extent before the notification to commence the draft in the different districts was received, followed so closely by the most terrible exhibition of mob violence, causing an almost total suspension of this labor for a period of about ten days. I am glad to report that the work is now fully resumed and will be pushed as rapidly as possible to completion.

Resistance to the draft.-In accordance with instructions received and the plan adopted by me, I directed the provost-marshals of the Eighth and Ninth Districts to proceed with the draft in their districts as soon as the preliminary arrangements could be perfected, they having assured me that everything was in readiness, and leaving it discretionary with themselves as to the time when they should commence. Captain Jenkins, of the Ninth District, was the first to enter upon the duty, and on the 11th instant about 1,200 names were drawn for the Twenty-second Ward or Third Sub-District, was the first to enter upon the duty, and on the 11th instant about 1,200 names were drawn or the Twenty- second Ward or Third Sub-District, when the further drawing was postponed until Monday morning. Contrary to expectation, which the quiet and good order prevailing on Saturday had betokened, ace, of how serious a character couldn"t then be determined, would be offered to the further procedure of the draft. Of the character, extent, and result of this interference I have informed you in a detailed report on the subject. The effect of the riotous demonstrations upon the officers of the provost- marshals has been as follows:

First District: Complete suspension of business for eight or ten days and the destruction of a portion of the clothing which had been issued to him.

Second District: Little or no suspension of work.

Third District: No suspension or interruption.

Fourth District: No suspension or interruption.

Fifth District: Building and furniture destroyed; work suspended for want of quarters.

Sixth District: Work suspended for about ten days.

Seventh District: Furniture partially destroyed; also blanks; work suspended for about ten days.

Eighth District: Buildings, furniture, and blanks destroyed, together with all clothing; work suspended for want of quarters.

Ninth District: Building, furniture, and blanks all destroyed; work in great measure suspended for want of quarters.

In each case the enrollment and consolidated lists were preserved without injury, a matter of great importance, as it is questionable if so perfect an enrollment could be again made; certainly not without great loss of time.

Persons arrested.- The arrest of two deserters, who on being taken into custody produced spurious certifications of discharge, led to the arrest to Doctor De Marmon, who proved to be the party who furnished these bogus discharges to men; sometimes received as large a sum as $100 for the same. This arrest I regard as one of great

