
command this branch of business ought to be rendered very effective, and I am of opinion that no person receiving a salary should be retained who does not prove his efficiency by frequent arrests, and the provost-marshals shall be required to report the number of arrests made by each officer during the month. The recent instructions received, by which all detectives, special agents, and enrolling officers are entitled to receive the reward, will obviate a difficulty which arose under the previous arrangements whereby those men escaped being charged with the amount of reward and expenses who chanced to be arrested by officers not allowed to receive the reward.

Invalid Corps.-The organization of this corps is progressing more favorably. The number of men enlisted during the month has been 84, making the total number of men enlisted to date 209.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT NUGENT,

Colonel 69th Regiment N. Y. Vols. and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., July 31, 1863.

His Excellency EDWARD SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis.:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to inform you that you are hereby authorized to raise one regiment of infantry to be composed of colored men, to be mustered into the U. S. service for three years or during the war.

If you should find it impracticable to raise a full regiment, any number of companies less than that required for a regimental organization will be accepted. To these troops no bounties will be paid. They will receive $10 per month and one ration per day, $3 of which monthly pay may be in clothing. The organization of the regiment must conform in all respects with the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 110, War Department, 1863, a copy of which is herewith.*

The prescribed number of commissioned officers will be appointed in accordance with the provisions of General Orders, Nos. 143 and 144, War Department, current series, copies of which please find inclosed.+ The officers thus appointed will be mustered into service on the presentation to the mustering officer of their appointments signed by the Secretary of War.

The appointments will be made to keep pace with the muster into service of the several companies. Thus, on information being received from you that the first company has been mustered into service, the necessary appointments for that company will be made. When four companies are mustered in the lieutenant-colonel of the regiment will be appointed, and so on in accordance with the Revised Mustering Regulations.

To facility the appointment of the officers, it is respectfully suggested that it would be well to forward to the Adjutant- General of the Army, as early as practicable, the names of such persons as you wish to have examined for appointment, and permission will be immediately given them to appear before the examining board now in session in Cincinnati, or the board in session in Washington if more

---------------

*See p. 175.

+See pp.215, 216.

---------------

