
such as to limit the quantity and to detect the smuggling, spying, and knavery that was going on to a fearful extent. Good's confiscated for violation of those military orders I have held and condemned summarily.

Fifth. I have been obliged to lay violent hands on Confederate counterfeit notes because they were corrupting the young men of my army. But I think in none of these instances has there been the slightest attempt to enforce by military means those laws of confiscation enacted by Congress.

Please send me copies of laws on this subject and of the charges made.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, March 9, 1863.

Governor DAVID TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

I think your advice, with that of others, would be valuable in the selection of provost-marshals for Ohio.

A. LINCOLN.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

A PROCLAMATION.

Respecting soldiers absent without leave.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

March 10, 1863.

In pursuance of the twenty-sixth section of the act of Congress, entitles "An act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes," approved on the third day of March, in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, I, Abraham Lincoln, President and Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, do hereby order and command that all soldiers enlisted or drafted in the service of the United States now absent from their regiments without leave shall forthwith return to their respective regiments.

And I do hereby declare and proclaim that all soldiers now absent from their respective regiments without leave, who shall, on or before the first day of April, in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, report themselves at any rendezvous designated by the General Orders of the War Department, Number Fifty-eight, hereto annexed, may be restored to their respective regiments without punishment, except the forfeiture of pay and allowances during their absence; and all who do not return within the time above specified shall be arrested as deserters and punished as the law provides.

And whereas evil-disposed and disloyal persons at sundry places have entitled and procured soldiers to desert and absent themselves from their regiments, thereby weakening the strength of the armies and prolonging the war, giving aid and comfort to the enemy, and cruelly exposing the gallant and faithful soldiers remaining in the

