
re-enforce the army under General Johnston. Troops were sent to him from Bragg's army of Northern alabama, and from that of Beauregard in South carolina, as appears by the remarkable letters of Mr. Davis and General Cooper to General Lee, intercepted during the late invasion of Maryland. These armies endangered their own safety in the attempt to strengthen Johnston. All the able-bodied men of Mississippi were called upon to come forward for the emergency, but in vain. No attack upon the skillfully drawn lines of General Grant was ventured, and on the 4th of July General Pemberton laid down his arms, and 30,000 men, 19 generals, and nearly 200 pieces of artillery, with 20,000 small-arms, were surrendered to General Grant-a capture as important as that of Ulm.

Four days afterward the garrison of Port Hudson, the last rebel stronghold on the Mississippi, yielded to General Banks. This great river was once more open to the commerce of the Northwest, and steamers atone descended to New Orleans.

The insurgents lost in these operations on the Mississippi not less than 50,000 men and 300 pieces of artillery.

Johnston's army, which had advanced to threaten their rear of Grant, retreated to Jackson, from which city they were driven by a detachment of the Union army under General Sherman. The city of Jackson again fell into the hands of our army, with large collections of railroad rolling-stock detained there by the cutting of all railroad lines north, south, east, and west by the Union troops, Many buildings in the city were fired by the rebels to destroy the provisions and munitions of war which they were unable to remove.

Sherman did not pursue the retreating enemy beyond Jackson, but returned to Vicksburg, and a portion of the army is enjoining needed rest after a siege of several months" duration, while other portions are engaged in cleaning out the roving bands of rebels who still infest the banks of the river and fire upon passing steamers.

Johnston, with the troops under his command, has, it is reported, retired 100 miles to the eastward to Jackson, near the eastern boundary of the State of Mississippi, which is thus abandoned by the rebel armies.

In Louisiana General Banks, who had succeeded General Butler in command, after some time spent in organizing his department and disciplining his new levies, by a rapid and successful march drove the rebel troops out of the Teche and Attakapas country, the richest portion of the State, captured Alexandria, and, striking the Mississippi above Port Hudson, invested that last fortress of rebellion on its banks.

In the assault by which he attempted to reduce the garrison the newly raised negro regiments showed great valor and devotion, and forever in this country dispelled all doubts as to the capacity of this oppressed race for the defense of their newly acquired liberty.

The siege of Port Hudson required nearly the whole of General Banks" available forces, and the rebel troops called up from Texas reoccupied much of the territory which he had recovered in the western portion of the State Louisiana.

The capture of Port Hudson, however, which, as before stated, fell only four days after Vicksburg surrendered to General Grant, set at liberty his forces, which have already made much progress in recovering what was for a time abandoned.

The result of these operations-reopening the navigation of the Mississippi and dividing the rebel territory, cutting off communication,

