
Captain Rose to resume business on Tuesday, 4th instant, at that place.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT NUGENT,

Colonel 69th Regiment N. Y. Vols. and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, NORTHERN DIVISION, STATE OF NEW YORK,

Albany, August 1, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform the Provost-Marshal-General's Office that I shall announce the draft in Oswego for the Twenty- second District on Tuesday next, 4th instant.

I have informed General Dix of the condition of affairs in that district, and again to-day have given him an account of the progress of the draft where it has taken place and generally of the condition and requirements of the provost-marshal service in this division, in response to a note from him requesting such information.

I have not nor have I had the slightest confidence in the state authorities in regard to the question of draft. I say this unofficially as a citizen, because I have no other evidence to base my feeling of distrust than what is patent ot everybody in this state, and I suppose equally so at Washington, and also because I know Governor Seymour personally, and have for several years considered him to be a dangerous man with a mind congenitally predisposed to lunacy, and always directed by the absorbing impulse of inordinate ambition. He and Fernando Wood are identical in sentiment, both sufficiently daring to attempt anything, but when the moment for action arrives, too cowardly to direct and execute.

That it is contemplated by the State officials now, since the recent victories, to do anything more than tacitly assent to a resistance of the draft which they have engendered in certain prominent localities, or anything more than in every manner covertly to embarrass the General government, I do not believe; but I am more sure that they will do nothing too sustain the General Government in any way. Governor Seymour has made strenuous efforts to effect a speedy organization and armament of the National Guard, and has appointed men conspicuous for their disloyalty as brigadier-generals and colonels in the force.

The provost-marshals, therefore, with very good reason consider this force a power against them, and earnestly request arms and ammunition to place in the hands of men known by them to by loyal and ready to stand by the General Government.

To a limited extent I have supplied arms and ammunition to the provost-marshals upon their requisitions for special guards, but of course these guards can be of no great service against the organized and armed "friends" of Governor Seymour, when they rise in great numbers.

It seems to me, for this division, to be the best course to send me 1,500 men and a battery of six pieces. I will execute the draft then in Albany and Troy at once and the same time. With 500 men and a section in Troy, and 1,000 men and two sections in Albany, I will put it through in these cities, if to do so I am obliged to level half their buildings, respectively.

