
After this is done I will release 1,000 men and two sections, and with the balance put the draft through, consecutively, in the disaffected districts.

I am inclined to believe that the draft may be executed harmlessly in the Nineteenth District; shall be assured in a few days.

I send you two letters received to-day, one from the provost- marshal of the Twentieth District in response to the simple question whether it would be safe not to commence the draft in that district, and the other from a captain in the National Guard, as samples of the general feeling pervading many of my districts. The latter I transmitted for the attention of the adjutant-general of the State.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

FREDK. TOWNSEND,

Major, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

[Enclosure Numbers 1.] PROV. MARSH'S OFFICE, TWENTIETH DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, Watertown, July 31, 1863.

Major FREDK. TOWNSEND,

Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, A. A. P. M. G., Albany, N. Y.:

MAJOR: I have the honor, in answer to letter of C. W. Hendee of your office, to state that I yesterday reported Sub-District Numbers 7, with the further fact that, in comparing the balance of the district, we find in some cases the same person enrolled twice and sometimes three times, and in some cases parties have not been enfolded. We are correcting them as fast as possible; shall be through in three or four days, when I will forward an amended report of sub-district. At present I do not think it would be safe to proceed with the draft in this district. I am hunting up good men for a guard. This is a very strong copperhead district, and it is generally supposed by our citizens that there is an organization formed and armed to resist. A good many men, Union men, have notified me that cooper men in their vicinity had been procuring arms, and by appearances it was to resist the draft. It is understood here that men known as copperhead leaders have received commissions or authority to raise companies or regiments from the Governor to fill up the National Guard, but in fact to resist the draft. It is further stated that one company of National Guard, which is Union, cannot obtain commissions for their officers, arms, or anything in fat that is required. There may be some moonshine in these stories, but whether there is or not, it is safe to be prepared before we commence to draft. I understand there is a regiment in Lewis County, of National Guard, all armed; the colonel is a copperhead, but might respond to a call. One company of this regiment, whose captain is Union, I know would assist; but they are raw militia-not like these that have been under fire. I hope to have the draft pass off without any trouble, but I have no doubt the safest way not to have trouble is to be ready.

When would you like the draft to commence?

I have the honor, very respectfully, to remain, your obedient servant,

FRED. EMERSON,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Twentieth District of New York.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] BUTTERNUTS, July 29, 1863.

Major F. TOWNSEND:

DEAR SIR: I have a company of infantry, armed with .54 caliber rifles. When the commissary-general sent my guns he wrote me that

39 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

