
he had no infantry accouterments; consequently I am without cartridge-boxes and belts. I received word a few hours since from the Honorable Samuel Gordon, provost-marshal of this district (Nineteenth), that I had better write to you about the matter. I have a company of forty-five men, loyal to the core; I want as many cartridge-boxes and belts, also a quantity of cartridges. Our marshal has given notice that he shall went the services of my company, and we shall be prepared to respond to any call he is obliged to make if we can obtain the above. I have made a requisition to the proper State authorities for them, but get no response. Please do the best you can for me and our district, as we live in the midst of copperheads. Should you choose to send me, send by express to Captain C. P. Root, Company D, Forty- first New York butternuts, Otsego County, N. Y.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. ROOT.

ELMIRA, August 1, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

I have arranged for the draft to commence in Buffalo on Wednesday, and can furnish force to enforce it.

A. S. DIVEN,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

ELMIRA, N. Y., August 1, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

I will see you on Tuesday morning.

A. S. DIVEN.

ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Elmira, N. Y., August 1, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of July 30, requesting me to advise you as to the progress of the draft in my division.

In the Twenty-third District, headquarters Syracuse, the draft has not yet commenced. By Thursday next I hope to be able to have the draft begin there.

In the Twenty-fourth District, headquarters Auburn, the draft is completed in a satisfactory manner.

In the Twenty-fifth District the draft is progressing, and, as far as I am informed, in a quiet manner; headquarters at Cannandaigua.

In the Twenty-sixth District, headquarters Owego, the draft ius completed and the examination of drafted men going on, and the same is the case in regard to the Twenty-seventh District, Headquarters at Elmira.

In the Twenty-eighth District, headquarters at Rochester, I expect the draft to commence on Wednesday next.

In the Twenty-ninth district, headquarters at Lockport, the draft is progressing without any disturbance thus far.

In the Thirtieth District, headquarters Buffalo, the draft will commence on Wednesday next. I have made arrangements to send troops

