
there on Monday, some 450 men, and I trust that these, together with the force of home troops which the provost-marshal of that district can call to his said, will be sufficient to guard against any disturbance there.

In the Thirty-first District, headquarters at Dunkirk, the order for draft has but just been received. I expect they will be ready to proceed with the draft in this district by the last of the coming week.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Western Division of New York.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 1, 1863.

His Excellency EDWARD SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin:

SIR: The preparations for the draft in New Jersey are not yet complected, and the Government of that State is permitted to continue the enlistment of troops by volunteering until the draft takes place, when the State will be credited with the men thus raised.

The case is similar in Wisconsin; the preparations there, also, are not completed. You can, therefore, proceed with the enlistment of volunteers until the draft is ordered, and the troops so raised and reported to the Adjutant-General of the Army as mustered into the U. S. service will be credited on the quota of the State.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 2, 1863.

Major O. A. MACK,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Concord, N. H.:

Three companies Invalid Corps under Major Wardwell are ordered to proceed to-morrow from Boston to Concord, N. H., and report to you. Use them as you think best. The Fifth New Hampshire Volunteers has also gone to Concord. As soon as you get these forces in hand commence the draft, and if you anticipate trouble, draft in but one district at a time. Confer with the Governor. The notice for draft in district where your first commence might as well be given at once.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 268. Washington, August 3, 1863.

The exigencies under which 100,000 militia for six-monghts" service, from the States of Maryland, Pennsylvania, Ohio, and West Virginia, were called out by the President's proclamation of June 15, 1863, having passed, it is hereby ordered by the President that on and after the promulgation of this order no more enlistments under the said call shall be made.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

