
to have such surplus deducted from the draft now made upon them. A tabular statement made by the adjutant-general of Vermont was recently sent you, showing what towns have furnished surplus over former quotas. Will you please order the proper deductions made at once?

FREDK. HOLBROOK,

Governor of Vermont.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 63. Washington, D. C., August 4, 1863.

The following opinion of Colonel Joseph Holt, Judge-Advocate- General, upon a communication from the office of the Paymaster- General, touching the liability to draft of paymasters" clerks, is published and will govern in this and all analogous cases, viz:

JUDGE-ADVOCATE-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 3, 1863.

Claims to exemption from the draft should be strictly construed. Both the letter and spirit of the act for enrolling the national forces require this. The paymasters" clerks, mentioned in this communication, are not found inn the list of exempted classes as enumerated; nor is it believed that they can be assigned to what Solicitor Whiting has denominated a third class, and which is necessarily exempt, viz, those in the military service of the United States on 3rd of March, 1863. They sustain, it is true, a certain relation to the military service, as do teamsters and others who may receive a ration daily as part of their allowances, but they are not so far in that service as to be liable to the field duty for which the national forces are drafted, and they should not therefore by reason of their position be permitted to escape that liability, should the chances of the draft impose it upon them.

* * * *

J. HOLT,

Judge-Advocate-General.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 4, 1863.

Major THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Adjt. General 's Office, Washington, D. C.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that orders for draft have been sent to the boards of enrollment of the following States and districts upon the dates mentioned below:

Date	 State	 District	 Number of men

Aug. 3	 Maine	 Fourth	 1,955

3	 New Hampshire	 Third	 1,769

3 	 New York	 Twelfth	 2,013

3	 ..do...	 Eighteenth	 2,310

3	 ..do...	 Nineteenth	 2,387

3	 ..do...	 Twentieth	 2,448

3	 ..do...	 Thirty-first	 1,749

July 27	 Pennsylvania	 Sixth	 2,000

Aug. 3	 ..do...	 Eighth	 1,554

3	 ..do...	 Nineteenth	 2,258

3	 ..do...	 Twentieth	 2,600

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

