
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 4, 1863.

His Excellency HENRY A. SWIFT,

Governor of Minnesota:

SIR: Your letter of the 20th ultimo addressed to the Honorable Secretary of War has been referred to me.

There is no provision of law whereby the draft in Minnesota can be avoided or postponed beyond the time necessary to prepare for its execution.

The subject of frontier defense, in connection with Indian hostilities, as set forth in your letter, will be presented to the General-in-Chief for his consideration.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Albany, N. Y., August 4, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: The 10,000 stand of arms which your ordered to be turned over to the State of New York have not been received. General Ripley informs me that the order is in violation of rules and regulations. I doubt if any rules have ever yet been made anticipating the circumstances of this peculiar case. In August, 1862, the United States was in want of arms. Governor Morgan cleared the arsenals of the State and lent the Government 10,000 stand of first-class Enfield rifles. Some six months elapsed, when the United States Government bought them of the State and paid for them about $17 apiece. These arms cannot now be obtained without paying a duty, thus bringing the rifle up to about $23. The State has the money, but arms cannot be obtained without an advance of 35 per cent. In my conversation with you this was understood, and I hardly need repeat it, but I do so in the belief that you will still order the arms to be delivered or allow the State to return the money and the Government turn over 10,000 first-class Springfield rifles. This seems to be no more than an act of justice.

There are now scattered through the different arsenals in the State and in the hands of the National Guard not to exceed 15,000 stand of serviceable arms. All kinds of firearms have advanced in price, and the law of Congress relieving States from the duty having expired, the price is very materially increased.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN T. SPRAGUE,

Adjutant-General and Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 4, 1863.

General COUCH,

Headquarters Department of the Susquehanna:

The General-in-Chief thinks it best not to push the enrollment and draft in mining districts with the militia under your command.

I don"t know what force you have or the character of it, but presuming that it was adequate, and hearing it had gone to the

