
and four detachments, previously designated for that duty, promptly took possession of the ladders to prevent the exit of the men from the quarries. Several were outside and the notices were served upon such as were present without difficulty. Every effort was then made to find the last residences of those who could not be found, but this could not be done in every instance, though the booked of the clerk were examined and all possible information obtained from him and the overseer.

The enrollment was os imperfectly made that several who were drafted have doubtless been absent for months.

One man, named Hugh Corey, who was identified as the person who assaulted with a club the provost-marshal, while endeavoring with the enrolling officer to complete the enrolment, was arrested and lodged in the Rutland jail. I do not anticipate any further difficulty, unless it becomes necessary to arrest some of the employes in the quarries who may fail to report; in this event, a military force will be necessary for this duty.

I have been present at the operations of the Board of Enrollment each day since my arrival here. The provost-marshal and those associated with him have been pushing forward their work vigorously, and the examinations, so far as my observation has gone, have been conducted carefully and with fairness, though the proportion of those who have passed the surgeon and have not availed themselves of either the 'substitute" or "commutation" privilege is remarkably small. Of those claiming exemption (forms 25 to 33 inclusive) the Board has been particular to require that the affidavits be made in strict conformity with the established forms and, wherever it was possible, that the parties signing them should be personally known to the members of the Board.

The proportion of those claiming exemption on account of alienage has been large, but the board has been careful to obtain satisfactory evidence of their validity before allowing any such claims. In conclusion, I have observed every indication of an earnest desire on the part of the members of this Board to transact their business thoroughly, conscientiously, and with justice to all parties; to examine fairly and impartially the claims of all those who may present them, and to exercise a careful watchfulness over the best interests of the public service.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD J. CONNER,

Captain, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 5, 1863.

Governor BUCKINGHAM,

Hartford, Conn.:

No district can be exempt from draft. My letter to Governor Andrew was to the effect that when it shall be shown that a sub- district has furnished an excess, then a number equal to the excess will be discharged from service. The whole number furnished, with their names, from the sub-district, must be shown, and the names compared with the muster-in-rolls in War Department, and

40 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

