
when this is verified the whole number found to have been mustered in must be compared with their total quota, duly verified, and the difference determined.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL FOR KANSAS, NEBRASKA, COLORADO, AND DAKOTA,Leavenworth City, August 5, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I notice that the adjutant-general of the State of Kansas, under date of the 25th of July, has addressed to you a letter "for the purpose of informing you of the difficulties under which the authorities of this state labor in endeavoring to ascertain the number of soldiers furnished by Kansas, and to give you if possible an adequate idea of the extent of our contributions." While this is the ostensible purpose of the letter, I deem it proper to inform you that its chief purpose seems to be of apolitical character, inasmuch as it is being circulated to this end by the adjutant-general in the papers of the State. The truth is, the adjutant-general's department of the State of Kansas has never been properly organized; has been conduced in a loose and irresponsible manner, and, as the result of its mismanagement, it is now unable to furnish the necessary statistics for the information of the people of the State, and seeks to throw the responsibility of this failure upon the General Government. I have the honor to suggest for your consideration that you cause to be furnished me from the Adjutant-General's Department the number of men furnished by the State of Kanas in the volunteer forces of the United States, and that you allow me to make this public, either officially or otherwise. I make this suggestion from the fact that hat evident purpose sought ot be obtained by the adjutant-general in the publication of his letter to you is to get up a felling in the State that there is a disposition on the part of the War Department to do injustice to Kansas. It is proper to add that this feeling extends only tot he small class of men in the community who embrace every opportunity to misrepresent the purposes and policy of the General Government, and who, while openly in favor of the war, are covertly doing all in their power to oppose it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIDNEY CLARKE,

Captain and Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

STATE OF ILLINOIS, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Springfield, August 5, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Soon after the commencement of the war and before the General Government could supply any volunteers with arms, I directed all arms belonging to the State to be collected together and issued to volunteers from this State. At the present time there are but about 1,000 stand of serviceable arms belonging to the state and about 700 belonging to the United States in the State arsenal.

