
papers on Governor's Island, and in about ten days my lists will all be complete and ready for the wheel.

Inasmuch as it is impossible to hire an office in the district, I would suggest that the old premises be put in temporary repair at the Government expense. The walls are in good condition, so that it is only necessary to replace the timber. I will include the amount in my bill against the city, so that the Government will sustain no loss. The power and dignity of the Government will be fully vindicated by having our business progress in the old headquarters.

Please inform me what to do in the case.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient, humble servant,

JOHN DUFFY,

Captain and Prov. March, Fifth Dist. of New York City, N. Y.

CHAMBERSBURG, August 5, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

I have two regiments and a battery at East Pottsville and Scranton and vicinity. My idea is that the enrollment can be completed with present force in those districts. Think it should be increased or more reliable troops sent when drafted men are taken.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,August 5, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

COLONEL: I received your telegram to-day reference to enrollment in the mining district. My intention has been to keep a reserve force of three regiments and a battery or more at Reading in order to re-enforce at any point where more troops might be required. But the Governor of the State seems to be of the opinion that he has no authority for retaining the militia to enforce the draft. I think, however, that he will keep seven Philadelphia regiments for their full terms of three months. If the drafted men are taken from their homes at the same time both in Philadelphia and the coal regions seven regiments will be small enough force to sustain the laws. You may be assured that sending troops to Pottsville and Scranton has had a good effect. My idea is to have a sufficient number of troops at either the above places to enforce the draft without bloodshed. The ignorant miners have no fear of God, the State authority, or the devil. The Democratic leaders have not the power of burnt flax over them for good. A strong military power under the General Government alone keeps matters quiet. I shall endeavor to at least maintain the present force there.

Very respectfully,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

WHEELING, August 5, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have just seen an order saying that no more enlistments of six- months" men shall be made. I have a cavalry regiment about full,

