
EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Iowa City, Iowa, March 11, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: I wrote you on yesterday asking you to send me some arms to place in the hands of loyal men as a precaution and preventive of an outbreak among the disposal of this State.

I would further suggest the propriety of your authorizing me to raise two or three regiments as a State guard for the same purpose. I a draft shall be ordered in this State it will be necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 12, 1863.

C. A. DANA,

New York:

DEAR SIR: I inclose you a copy of your order of appointment and the order fixing your compensation, with a letter to General Sumner, Grant, and Rosecrans, and a draft for $1,000. Having explained the purposes of your appointment to you personally, no further instructions will be given unless specially required. Please acknowledge the receipt of this, and proceed as early as possible to your duties.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

Ordered, That Charles A. Dana, esq., be and he is hereby appointed special commissioner of the War Department, to investigate and report upon the condition of the pay service in the Western armies. All paymasters and assistant paymasters will furnish to the said commissioner for the Secretary of War information upon any matters concerning which he may make inquiry of them as fully, completely, and promptly as if directly called for by the Secretary of War. Railroad agents, quartermasters, and commissaries will give him transportation and subsistence. All officers and persons in the service will aid him in the performance of his duties, and will afford him assistance, courtesy, and protection. The said commissioner will make a report to this Department as occasion may require.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 12, 1863.

Major-General W. S. ROSECRANS:

GENERAL: Charles A. Dana has been appointed a special commissioner of this Department to investigate and report upon the condition of the pay service in the Western armies. You will please aid him in the performance of his duties, and communicate to him fully your views and wishes in respect to that branch of the service in your

