
four or five companies actually mustered into service, three companies furnished with carbines and clothing. I cannot disband these men without greatly injuring the persons who have spent their time and money in recruiting them. I will be injured because I have induced the people to take an interest in the recruiting, and will be held responsible for the apparent deception. I have also one regiment of infantry pretty nearly made up; also a battery well on the easy. I ask to be permitted to complete these organizations. If not all, at least the regiments of cavalry and infantry. Answer soon, as I have a number of men at work in different parts of the State.

A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., August 5, 1863.

Governor BOREMAN,

Wheeling, Va.:

It is not easy to understand on what ground you term the President's order an apparent deception. You are surely well enough acquainted with military affairs to understand that an order not limited to any specific period is subject to change or revocation without deceiving anybody, and the notion of your being injured affords no ground to impute deception to the President or his order. The troops that are raised will be received; those that are not raised suffer no injury, and not raising them injures no one.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, August 5, 1863.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati:

GENERAL: You are hereby authorized by the Secretary of War to raise and organize into regiments of ten companies each as many troops of African descent as you may be able to, with full authority to designate all officers for such regiments, furnishing me with a roster of such officers, when the necessary orders will be issued. These regiments will be organized under the rules and regulations of War Department for the organization of the volunteer forces.

I have, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, August 5, 1863.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding, &amp;c., Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am on my way to General Grant's army to organize additional regiments of volunteers of African descent, and understanding you design making an expedition shortly into Arkansas, I trust that you will in the course of your operations collect as many blacks and children as possible. The able-bodied men you can organize into regiments and I will commission such officers for them

