
with absolute certainty that we get those who are to go in the precisely legal proportion to those who are not to go. My purpose is to be in my action just and constitutional, and yet practical, in performing the important duty with which I am charged-of maintaining the unity and the free principles of our common country.

Your obedient servant,

A. LINCOLN.

ALBANY, Friday, August 7, 1863.

PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

DEAR SIR: On Monday last I sent you a communication with respect to the conscription act. I also sent some tables showing the injustice of the enrollment. To-morrow I will send you more full and accurate statements which will place the errors, if they are not shameless frauds, in a ore clear and striking light. I think I have formation as to the manner the law has been perverted which may enable Government to bring some of the enrolling officers to justice.

However much I may differ from you in my views of the policy of your administration, and although I amy unconsciously to myself be influenced by party prejudices, I can never forget the honor of my country so far as to spare any effort to stop proceedings under the draft in this state-and more particularly in the cities of New York and Brooklyn-which I feel will bring disgrace not only upon your administration but upon the American name.

I shall be able to send you these additional statements in the course of to-morrow.

Truly, yours, &amp;c.,

HORATIO SEYMOUR.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 7, 1863.

Governor SEYMOUR,

Albany, N. Y.:

I have the honor to inform you that orders were mailed here on 3rd instant to Major Townsend for making draft in Twelfth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Districts.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 7, 1863.

Major F. TOWNSEND,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Schenectady, N. Y.:

If you think best, go on with the draft. I will dispatch Governor Seymour.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

