
and crew of the transport have performed their duties, and the length of the voyage, and any observations which may enable the War Department to detect and correct abuses and punish neglect.

This order will be placed in a conspicuous position in every chartered or purchased transport.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 8, 1863.

Governor SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Davenport, Iowa:

Your call upon General Roberts to detain six companies of the Seventh Cavalry temporarily, for the purpose of preserving the peace within your State, is approved, and directions have been given to General Roberts to comply with your request.

An order has been made affording necessary facilities for the election of commissioners of your State, and will be transmitted to you by mail.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Detroit, Mich., August 8, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: In continuance of previous reports, made pursuant to your telegram of 13th ultimo, I have the honor to state that nothing worthy of being reported has occurred since my last report. The presence of troops here, and the apprehensions of the more wealthy and influential of the opponents of the Government, in consequence of the extent to which the riots in New York were carried, have allay the excitement in this State, but it is believed that the presence of a military force will be required when the draft is executed here, and I am in hopes of receiving instructions in relation thereto before the troops now here have completed their organization and are ordered off.

We have still here, or in this vicinity, some eight companies of the regiment of sharpshooters, fifty cavalry recruits, mounted, a section of artillery, mounted an manned by Invalid Corps, and the company of provost guards.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. HILL,

Major, Second Artillery, Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

ALBANY, August 8, 1863.

To the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

DEAR SIR: I received your communication of the 7th instant this morning. While I recognize the concessions you have made, I regret your refusal to comply with my request to have the draft in this State suspended until it can be ascertained if the enrollments are made in accordance with the laws of Congress or with principles of justice.

