
without much regard to the point whether or not they were liable to be enrolled at all. That it was too large in New York and Brooklyn is fully shown by the above tables. The State enrollment, except in the districts numbered 2 to 9, inclusive, is about the same as the number of males between twenty and forty-five years of age, according to the census of 1860. In the interior districts, in an aggregate of over 400,000, the difference, as the table shows, is only 627. In districts 2 to 9, however, comprising the cities of New York and Brooklyn, the state enrollment exceeds the total number of males of the same ages by more than 50,000. When it is remembered that the Federal enrollment, compared with the State enrollment, added over 30,000 to the disproportion against the city, the excessive injustice of the federal enrollment is ore fully perceived.

If a calculation be made of the portion that the Federal enrollment bears to the number of males from twenty to thirty- five years of age, according to the census of 1860, it will be seen that the enrollment is 116 per cent. in the metropolitan and 78 per cent. in the other districts. In other words, in the city districts the enrollment is 16 per cent. more than the whole number of males of those ages, and in the country districts 22 per cent. less than the whole number.

So in respect to the total population. The enrollment in the city districts is 14.2 per cent. of the whole, and in the country districts 9.2 per cent., being a discrimination of 5 per cent. against the two cities.

Such a disproportion is fully explained by the fact. The greater part of the persons doing business in the two cities, whether on their own account or in the employ of others, were enrolled twice, and some were enrolled three or four times each. It can be proved by an overwhelming mass of testimony that enrolling officers went to places where men were employed or did business away from their homes, demanded and took the names of all persons there, notwithstanding they were already enrolled at their homes, and, while so doing, refused to add the residences to the names they took. By this course persons residing not only in different districts but also in other counties and States were wrongly enrolled at their places of business. So also, every person who was not manifestly under twenty or over forty-five years of age was enrolled. A statement of an age below or above the limits of the conscription act did not avail anything unless the physical signs were so convincing that it would have been abused to reject them, and in some cases even then they were not accepted. Besides these, the aliens in the two cities, a host in themselves, were enrolled, as though they were citizens, and, like citizens, most of them, two, three, or four times each. In some cases the poll lists were copied, and infirm men, some even past three-score years and ten, were swept into the enrollment.

The effect of this wholesale taking down of names is strikingly displayed in the case of the Second Ward in the city of New York. The Federal enrollment in the first class is 1,746. The whole population in the ward, by the census of 1860, was 2,507, and the number of males twenty to forty-five years of age was 847, of which the number twenty to thirty-five years of age was 639. A full vote of the ward is about 450. The number of conscripts required from the ward is about 340. If these were exacted no draft would be necessary, for it would take to supply them every able-bodied man in the ward liable under the conscription act to do military duty in the first class.

