
The effect upon individuals is illustrated by a case which I will cite. On my return from Washington I obtained in the cars a copy of a leading Administration journal for which some person writes, over the signature of "Carl Benson," in favor of the speedy and relentless enforcement of the draft. In it there was a communication by him complaining that by the delay he was detained in the city to answer a possible drawing of his name. He says, "I am one of a household of five males, all of the others aliens and myself physically disqualified. NO matter; we are on the books and cannot be taken off until after the draft." Without relief, the effect of the enrollment of these five persons, none of whom could be made to serve, would be, although none of them were drawn, to require positively some other man wrongfully to serve as a conscript. With relief, the enrollment of the four aliens, if the names are fairly drawn, will; do no harm; but the diseased man, if he is drawn, hobbles to the enrolling office, and compels some other man, perhaps in some respects less able, to endure in his place somewhat greater hardship and danger than a continued sojourn amid the enjoyments of home.

I pause here to notice a statement in some of the public prints that the draft is heavier in the city of New York because that city was behind in its supply of volunteers. It would be a sufficient answer to state again the fact that in no district of this or any other State is there any addition to the number of conscripts required by reason of any such deficiency.

It is my wish to go further and render the justice that is due to the city of New York, especially as some of the journals printed within its limits are striving to defame it. Such imputations are based upon statements of the volunteers furnished since the 2nd of July, 1862. The work of the city of New York was mainl Union was assailed and its flag fired upon by armed traitors, the people the city, though they had voted two to one against the party in power, exerted themselves with unprecedented enthusiasm and unanimity to supply the Administration most abundantly with men and means. Before the 2nd of July, 1862, the volunteers raised in the city of New York were 51 regiments of infantry, 6 regiments of cavalry, 1 battalion of mounted rifles, 1 regiment of engineers; 1 regiment, 2 battalions, and 7 batteries of heavy artillery; 1 regiment 1 battalion, and 2 batteries of heavy artillery, being a total of 39,219 men. I will deduct one-fourth of the forces raised in New York, a very liberal amount for volunteers from Brooklyn, which latter city, though it raised four regiments besides, in furnishing volunteers, as it is in most other respects, was one community with New York. I make no allowance for volunteers from other places, because they would not equal in number those for other counties and States recruited in New York. This deduction would reduce the number of volunteers furnished by New York City to 40,166. The total of the quotas of this city upon the basis of papulation-the worst basis for the city-under all the calls for volunteers was 38,505. Of course, as the city was well emptied before July 2, 1862, it could do comparatively little afterward. It has furnished since, however, at the very least 10,000 volunteers, besides the repeated temporary service of its militia; all of which, in addition to the excess of 1,661 before July 2,

