
is not taken, in localities where they are numerous, to see that the ward or two has the benefit of the rule I will presently refer to, such places will be subjected to an unjust share of the burden of the conscription.

Aliens are not liable to the conscription, though they make good soldiers. Such persons have formed a large proportion of our armies. I believe that the city of New York has sent at least 75,000 resident volunteers to the war, which it could not have done without the service of aliens. No alien, however, will consent to be forced into the Army as a conscript. If willing to serve, he will add to the credit of voluntary service the bounty he can obtain as a volunteer or the premium as a subsisted.

Aliens do not vote, and therefore we must refer to the number of votes cast in the respective districts to measure the correctness of the number of conscripts required. Before I do this I will notice the respects in which the liability to the conscription differs in this State from the right to vote.

First. Negroes are embraced in the conscription, but, with the rare exception of freeholders, they cannot vote; however, the number of male negroes from twenty to thirty-five years of age in the whole State is less than 6,000. The proportion of negroes to the whole population is larger in some other counties than in New York. In the latter it varies but slightly from the proportion in the whole State. I may as well state here that as negroes are included in the conscription, they are also included in all the tables and computations of this report.

Second. Aliens who have declared their intention to become citizens. There is never a large number of these, and many of them have been driven away by the warning of the president's proclamation. I do not believe that there are 5,000 such persons enrolled in the whole State.

Third. Minors over twenty years of age. There was a very large number of these in the state, but a large portion of them have volunteered. By the census of 1860 the proportion of this class to the whole population is ninety-five one-hundredths of one per cent. in the city of New York and one and ten one-hundredths of one per cent. less numerous in the city of New York than in the rest of the State. The advocates of justice to the city can give their opponents the benefit of this advantage.

On the other extreme, persons over forty-five years of age are exempt from conscription. As in respect to minors, there is no essential variation in the proportionate numbers of the city and country.

I have shown that there is no reason whey the number of persons liable to conscription should not, in every part of the State, bear about the same proportion to the number of voters. I will now give the total vote for President in 1860 in each district to which quieta of conscripts has been assigned, and also the number of conscripts required. In doing so, I place the districts which gave a majority for Mr. Lincoln in one column and those which gave a majority against this in another.

