
The thee omitted districts each gave a Seymour majority.

Twelve Seymour districts are required to bear a much larger draft than sixteen Wadsworth districts, polling nearly double the number of votes.

The Second District, Brooklyn, and the six districts in New York City, the fourth to the ninth, polling 92,893 votes, being only about one-sixth of the whole number, are required to furnish 28,920 conscripts, being about two-fifths of the whole number; that is, seven districts are to furnish two-fifths of the conscripts, and twenty-one district three-fifths.

In further proof of the fact that the city of New York has furnished more than its quota of volunteers, it may be noted that in the six districts of that city the average falling off of the total vote in 1862, from the total vote of 1860, was 3,122, while in the other twenty-five districts in the State the average falling off was only 2,196, nearly 1,000 less. The whole truth is even stronger than this, for never of late years has an election in the city been so generally attended as was the one in 1862. The city contains nearly 250 election districts, and in each of these persons came up to register themselves who had not voted in many years. In some cases there were fifty such persons in a district, and some of them had not voted in twenty years.

I have purposely made the above statements by political classifications. Many persons express a great dislike of political divisions at the present time. The President, especially in a letter to the officers of an Albany Democratic meeting, deplored the fact that it was a meeting of Democrats. Facts, however, cannot be destroyed by concealment. The enrollment is a partisan enrollment, and it is better to show that it is so while its political discriminations can be corrected. I have confidence in the President that he will be so true to the sentiment which excepted to a Democratic meeting as to compel the abandonment of the attempt to use the conscription act as an engine of wrong and oppression to the Democratic party.

In some districts there are omissions more or less numerous from the enrollment. The political preferences of the persons omitted need not be stated, nor need those who do not approve of the policy of the Administration even express a regret. Colonel Fry says in his letter that in such cases "the General Government is alone the loser." This is not strictly correct. The omissions are most numerous in districts largely in favor of the policy of the Administration, and by the under-enrollment the people of those districts are deprived of an opportunity to do their equal share of the fighting in the field to sustain the policy they indorse by large majorities at the ballot box.

In respect to the Democratic districts, and especially ot the city of New York, the case is different. There has been a manifest design to take out of that city by conscription the greater part of its large Democratic majority. This is evident, not only from the character of the enrollment, but also from the fact that, as far as the draft proceeded, the names drawn were mainly those of Democrats. This is an ungenerous course toward a city which has contributed so liberally in every respect to the support of the Federal Government. Those who originated it failed to perceive, or else they did not care, that if 25,000 able- bodied men could be forced out of the city of New York it would interfere with the business operations of the metropolis to an extent that would not only cripple the national cause, but also be felt through thou all the States true to the Union.

