
only because it is revolt against the constituted authorities of the country, but because it would be practically striking a blow for treason, and arousing to new efforts and new crimes those who are staggering to their fall under the resistless power of our recent victories.

In conclusion, I renew the expression of my anxiety to be assured by Your Excellency, at the earliest day practicable, that the military power of the State will, in case of need, be employed to enforce the draft. I desire to receive the assurance because, under a mixed system of government like ours, it is best that resistance to the law should be put down by the authority of the State in which it occurs. I desire it also because I shall otherwise deem it my duty to call on the General Government for a force which shall not only be adeqhe execution of the law, but which shall enable me to carry out such decisive measures as shall leave their impress upon the mind of the country for years to come.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,August 8, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

War Department:

GENERAL: I wrote yesterday that Governor Curtin would for the present let me retain in the service seven regiments (militia). He now asks for the discharge of all. Have notified him they would be turned over on his requisition, but he must bear the responsibility if Pottsville and mines were destroyed.

Under the protection of the militia the enrollment was completed in some of the worst districts in Schuykill. I will write more fully.

Mail reaches Washington Tuesday morning.

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 8, 1863.

GOVERNOR OF WISCONSIN,

Madison, Wis.:

Department will accept form your State additional volunteers, infantry and cavalry, for three years or war, on condition that not more than one regiment of infantry and one of cavalry shall be under recruitment at one time. Organization, recruitment, and musters to conform to existing regulations.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 67. Washington, D. C., August 9, 1863.

The following opinion of Colonel Joseph Holt, Judge-Advocate- General, with regard to me who have been drafted, and who were abroad

