
PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 9, 1863.

Major-General DIX,

Headquarters New York City:

You have probably seen the President's answer to Governor Seymour in reference to the draft. Are you prepared for me to issue orders to the provost-marshals to proceed?

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NEW YORK, August 9, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY:

I have not seen Governor Seymour's letter or the President's answer. The draft is progressing under Majors Diven and Townsend. Some preparations will be necessary here. I will write you by mail.

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

ALBANY, August 9, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

The draft commenced in Schenectady, Eighteenth District, on Friday, 7th instant. The mayor and sheriff assure me that there will be no difficulty. I thought it wise to be prepared, and in one way and another have secured the presence there of quite a force of troops. I have been obliged to take Captain Van Derlip to command Invalid Corps. Some 500 workmen have abstained from work. The county of Schenectady will be commenced to-morrow. Have finished Saratoga. Will complete draft, if not resisted, by Tuesday morning, 11th.

FREDK. TOWNSEND,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,August 9, 1863.

General G. W. CULLUM:

GENERAL: The General-in-Chief is aware, from my previous communications, that I had used the militia of this State, ninety-days" men, to assist the provost-marshal in enforcing the enrollment.

From a conversation with Governor Curtin, on my return from Pottsville, August 1, I understood that he would retain sufficient regiments for the General Government to carry everything through without serious trouble.

On the 5th instant he informed me as follows, viz:

I wish the militia, all but seven regiments (Philadelphia), paid and discharged. I have offers of regiments to enforce the draft.

On the 8th instant he telegraphed:

I cannot keep any of the regiments in service if they demand their discharge. My time is occupied by visits of citizens on this subject, and as they were not enlisted or mustered for the service they are in I have no power to hold them. Had you not better communicate with the Secretary of War, and if troops are required I will raise them at once.

I ask that the Forty-seventh be sent to Reading to be mustered out immediately.

A. G. CURTIN.

