
The moment we relax, down go all our conquests thus far. I know my views on this point have ever been regarded as extreme, even veining on to insanity, but for years I had associated with Bragg, Beauregard, and extreme Southern men, and long before others could realize the fact that Americans would raise their hands against our concentrated Government, I was forced to know it, to witness it. Two years will not have been spent in vain if the North now by another magnificent up heaving of the real people again fill the ranks of your proven and tried regiments, and assure them that through good report and evil report you will stand by them.

If ohio will of this, and if the great North will do this, then will our army feel that it has a country and a Government worth dying for.

As to the poltroons who falter and cry quits, let them dig and raise the food the army needs, but they should never claim a voice in the councils of the nation.

with sentiments of great respect, I am, yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 61. Washington, March 13, 1863.

It is hereby ordered that all persons appointed additional paymasters shall, before being commissioned, present themselves before a board of examiners, to be appointed by the Secretary of War, who shall examine and report upon the physical, mental, and moral fitness of the party to perform the duties of paymasters; that, upon such examination, those reported upon favorably shall be commissioned and assigned to duty, and the appointed of those reported against will be canceled.

2. That all additional paymasters who have been commissioned shall also, upon the order of the Paymaster-General, appear before aid board of examiners, and those who are unfit shall be mustered out of service.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Iowa City, Iowa, March 13, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: I have to-day received from you the inclose package of papers from Mr. Hoxie, U. S. marshal of this State. There is no doubt there is a very unfortunate condition of affairs at this time in this State. A secret organization, known popularly as the Knights of the Golden Circle, is widely spread through the State, the object of which, as I am informed and believe, is to embarrass the Government in the prosecution of the war, mainly by encouraging desertions from the Army, protecting deserters from arrest, discouraging enlistments, preparing the public mind for armed resistance to a conscription, if ordered and, if possible, to place the State government at the next election in the hands of men who will control it to thwart the policy of the Administration in the conduct of the war. Indeed, with the exception of advising desertions, the purpose above mentioned are

