
or the vote of 1862, two things which are no more likely in themselves to be correct than the enrollment, and by which, if they were correct, the enrollment could not be judged on account of the different times at which they were made and the fact that the elements of which they are composed are not the same.

On the 28th of July I informed Governor Seymour that no given number had been fixed as the quota of men to be drafted from the United States or any particular State. The rule is to take one- fifth of the enrolled men of the first class in each and every congressional district as the quota for that district, without regard to other districts of the State or to other States, and that if drafted men should be found to have been improperly enrolled they would be discharged and their places would not be filled from the district.

In assigning quotas to districts of States, which States have heretofore furnished an excess of troops, the said excess is distributed pro rata among the districts and deducted from their quota.

The orders for draft in the city of New York were issued from this office on 1st of July. Governor Seymour, who had been requested by my letter of April 25 to co-operate in carrying out the law, was on the 1st of July informed by my letter that the draft was ordered in the districts named, and was requested to aid in securing the execution of the order. He has subsequently been duly informed of all orders issued for draft in the different districts of his State and his assistance solicited.

The draft did not commence in New York city until the 11th of July - eleven days from the day my letter was mailed notifying the Governor that it was ordered. I heard nothing from him during this interval in relation to the draft, nor in fact at any other time previous to the mob violence in the city of New York; nor did he to my knowledge express any objection to the enrollment act or to the operations of the officers of my Bureau in making the enrollment in his State. If he had done so his views should have been duly considered, and any apparent or real error or unfairness which he might have pointed out would have received instant investigation.

The official records in the Adjutant-General's Office show that the State of New York up to the 11th of June, the date to which they were made up, previous to arranging the quotas for draft, had furnished an excess of 4,695 men. This was credited in making up the quotas.

This excess does not agree with that claimed for the State by the adjutant-general of New York. The full and exact tabular statements, however, of every regiment, battery, and recruit mustered into the U. S. service, as shown by the rolls in the office of the Adjutant-General of the Army, was some time since shown to the adjutant-general of New York and he was invited to examine them and point out any error or omission, if such could be found, and was assured that due correction would be made if cause for it was found to exist. No cause has yet been shown.

