
The volunteer recruiting service has been no better since the 1st of January in the other States, and in many of them it is much worse. I do not deem it necessary to produce other facts in relation to the volunteer recruiting service or to comment on those presented above, except to say that they show the necessity of another mode of raising troops.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Terre Haute, August 10, 1863.

Colonel CONRAD BAKER,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: The active movements of the anti-war men in this district have recently caused me to institute inquiry as to their designs, and while I cannot say that I actually believe that they are getting ready to resist the draft, yet there are many circumstances which point strongly in that direction. They hold meetings nearly every day, and the burthen of all their speeches, as reported to me, is denunciation of the conscription laws, &amp;c. In private they swear they will resist, and their orators all unite in counseling them to arm themselves to "defend their rights." They are making extraordinary exertions to procure arms, and an effort was made there to-day to buy fifty sabers and a number of guns by persons belonging to them. Now, it seems to me that something ought to be done to arrest this state of things. Of course I cannot suggest that is best, but I hope you will bring it to the notice of General Willcox, and let him apply the remedy. Would it not be well to suspend the sale of arms entirely until after the draft? It strikes me that it would. At all events, there should be a man assigned especially to the duty of examining all the freight shipped from Indianapolis to see that no arms are sent. They can purchase them there or at Cincinnati. You recollect that I called your attention to some guns purchased a week or so ago for Parke County. I looked out for them and had several detectives at work, yet I understand they got them, and of course they were shipped at Indianapolis. Please call the attention of General W[illcox] to the matter, for it is important. These men must mean something, and the last few days have developed matters which cause me to suspect them very much.

I have the honor to be, &c.,

R. W. THOMPSON,

Provost-Marshal.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Indianapolis, Ind., August 11, 1863.

The within copy of a letter just received from Captain R. W. Thompson, provost-marshal, Seventh Indiana District. I am received similar information from other points in the State. Large quantities of arms and ammunition have, beyond all question, been purchased and distributed, and appearances indicate an intention to resist.

CONRAD BAKER,

Colonel and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for Indiana.

