
[Second indorsement.]

Send copy of this, with Colonel Baker's indorsement, to General Burnside and ask his attention to the matter of sale of arms.

J. B. F.

[Third indorsement.]

Copy sent August 20, 1863, to Major-General Burnside.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 10, 1863.

JOHN W. FINNELL,

Adjutant-General of Kentucky, Frankfort, Ky.:

The draft will take place in Kentucky as soon as the enrollment is completed.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 10, 1863.

Major OSCAR A. MACK,

A. D. C., Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Concord, N. H.:

MAJOR: Constant reports are made to this office, and very frequently from persons of standing throughout the country, that great numbers of drafted men are being exempted by boards of enrollment without sufficient cause under the law.

You will at once examine into this subject in the districts under your charge, and you will report to this office whether the boards of enrollment conform to the law and regulations in the matter of exemptions; whether their decisions are marked by partiality of favoritism; whether they exempt too freely; whether the surgeons of the boards are competent to the performance of their duties; whether they execute the same faithfully and conscientiously, and whether any modifications of the present regulations are necessary to protect the interests of the Government from improper discharges from liability under the enrollment act.

You will please see that the surgeon directed to report to you for inspecting duty spends his time with the boards of enrollment in your districts. Instructions have been sent to him to report the result of his inspections in each district at the conclusion of his labors therein.

You will please see that those instructions are complied with.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Copy of the above letter furnished to each of the following: Brigadier-General Pitcher, Vermont; Captain Silvey, Rhode Island; Major Perkins, Connecticut; Major Townsend, New York; Colonel Nugent, New York.)

