
me that the drawing is already completed in the Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Twenty-second, Twenty-fourth, Twenty- sixth, Twenty-Seventh, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirtieth Districts. In the others, except the three outstanding, the drawing will be made upon the quotas as now fixed. After the first draft the Second, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Twenty-first, Twenty-fifth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirty-first Districts will be re-enrolled for the purpose and in the manner stated in my letter of the 7th instant. The same principle will be applied to the now outstanding districts when they shall come in. No part of my former letter is repudiated by reason of not being restated in this, or for any other cause.

Your obedient servant,

A. LINCOLN.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 11, 1863.

Governor SEYMOUR,

Albany, N. Y.:

The Adjutant-General of the Army informs me that in making up the statements of men furnished no State has been allowed for seamen or for soldiers in the Regular Army.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 11, 1863.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding, New York City:

Your letter of 10th received. Secretary of War does not wish the draft in New York City delayed. I am prepared to send out the orders for draft made up in accordance with the President's letter. After the orders are received by provost-marshals it takes several days for them to give notice and get ready. If I send the orders to-morrow, can"t you be ready by the time they are, and let the draft begin in one city district, say next Monday?

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

ELMIRA, N. Y., August 11, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: On the other page find copy of letter to Governor Seymour.*

I would like to have it shown the Secretary of War and the President.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

A. S. DIVEN.

---------------

*See August 6, p. 634.

---------------

