
10. One copy of each enlistment will be delivered to the disbursing officer, to assist him in the examination and verification of accounts, and will be sent with those accounts, at the end of each quarter, to the Provost-Marshal-General, at Washington; and the other copy will be sent by the superintendent to the Provost-Marshal-General, with a consolidated return of the recruiting parties for the month, on the first day of the succeeding month, or as soon thereafter as practicable.

11. Recruiting officers will send to the superintendents a return of their recruiting parties for each month on the first day of the succeeding month. They will also make tri-monthly reports of the state of the recruiting service to the superintendent, which shall be forwarded to the Provost-Marshal-General.

12. Detachments of recruits will be furnished with at least two days" cooked rations before starting from one depot for another. If delayed in any city en route a detachment will be marched to the 'soldiers" rest," where additional cooked rations will be issued to the men sufficient to last till their arrival at the next "rest," or at the destination of the detachment, according to circumstances. Superintendent of the recruiting service for States or district provost-marshals will see that this order is executed.

13. If possible, subsistence will be issued in kind, as required in the regular service. If subsistence cannot be furnished in kind, and board be necessary, it will be furnished at a rate not to exceed 30 cents per diem.

14. Commutation in lieu of rations in kind will not be paid to recruiting parties while at their stations.

15. The officers or non-commissioned officers in charge of detachments en route are responsible that the rations are into wasted; also, that such as are required are obtained at the "rests." Purchases of articles of food on public account are not authorized.

16. The expenditures of "mustering and disbursing officers," in connection with the organization of the "Invalid Corps," are confined to the payment of the proper expenses (transportation, subsistence, &amp;c.) of men enlisting directly in said corps, and prior to enlistment.

17. None of the expenses of men transferred to the Invalid Corps from organizations mustered into U. S. service are payable from the appropriation for "collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers," but are proper charges against the Quartermaster's, Subsistence, &c., Departments.

18. It is thought that nearly all the expenditures made in this connection from the fund for collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers will arise under the above paragraphs 5, 6, and 7.

19. All other details will be conducted in the manner prescribed in the regulations for the recruiting service in the Regular Army.

20. The premiums for accepted recruits as laid down in paragraph 1315, General Regulations, will not, however, be allowed in the Invalid corps service.

21. It being highly important to kept the Invalid Corps as a corps of honor, and of veterans, it is hereby ordered: That all discharged soldiers of good character and not liable to draft, whether discharged from the Regular Army, Marine Corps, or volunteers of this war, or any time previous, may be enlisted in the Invalid Corps, notwithstanding that the disability under which they may have been discharged has disappeared, and notwithstanding that they are over forty-five years of age, provided they are able to do duty in the Invalid Corps.

