
22. Enlisted men transferred to the Invalid Corps will be transferred in the same rank as they held in the active service, and will only be so transferred to serve their unexpired time. They may be discharged and re-enlisted in the Invalid Corps, if they so prefer, for the purpose of settling up their accounts; but their enlistment will then be for three years, unless sooner discharged.

23. Men who enlist in the Invalid Corps will be enlisted as privates, and will be eligible to promotion as commissioned and non-commissioned officers, according to the General Regulations of the United States Army.

24. Officers of active regiments appointed to the Invalid Corps will send in to the Adjutant-General their resignations of commissions in their former regiments, to date the day previous to date of acceptance of appointment in the Invalid Corps, that their accounts may be properly settled.

25. Only infantry is authorized in the Invalid Corps, and such non-commissioned officers only as the law allows to a company of infantry.

26. Companies will be organized of the minimum strength authorized by law for infantry. A fair proportion of non- commissioned officers, &amp;c., will be assigned or appointed to each company. Invalid officers capable of performing the duty may be temporarily assigned as company officers, who will take immediate charge of the companies. They may afterward be appointed in the Invalid Corps, when the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 105, are complied with. Each company will, as far as practicable, be formed of men of different States.

27. For present convenience, the companies of each battalion will be numbered from one up, according to the number organized at any one place. The battalions will be numbered 1 and 2, according to the grade of efficiency of the men.

28. Duplicate muster and descriptive rolls (A. G. O., 60 and 61) will be made out, one to be retained by the company commander, and one sent to the Provost-Marshal-General immediately after it has been completed and signed by the officers authorized to organize companies.

29. When these rolls are received at the Provost-Marshal- General's Office, at Washington, a permanent numerical designation will be given to each company, of which notice will be sent to its commanding officer, who will use the new number on all subsequent rolls, returns, &c.

30. If any men are transferred from active regiments and assigned to companies of the Invalid Corps, the rolls must show the company, the regiment, and the State to which such men belong. The heading and indorsement of these rolls will be altered so as to read * * * First (or fourth, or sixteenth) Company, First (or second) Battalion, Invalid Corps organized at ---; but care will be observed to designate the place where the company is organized, as First Company, First Battalion, Invalid Corps, organized at Convalescent Camp, Alexandria, Va.; Fifth Company, Second Battalion, Invalid Corps, organized at Depot Camp at Harrisburg, Pa. These rolls will be signed by the officers making the inspection and assignment, and will be filled up with descriptive lists, clothing account, &c., as far as the records will permit.

31. Men enlisted in or transferred to the Invalid Corps, will be required to perform all duties within the limits of their physical capacity, as laid down in the rules and regulations for that corps, but for the convenience of service they will be selected for two grades of duty. Those who are most efficient or able-bodied, and capable of using the musket, and performing guard duty, light marches, &c., will be

