
assigned to companies of the First Battalion. Those of the next degree of physical efficiency, to the companies of the Second Battalion. (See General Orders, Numbers 212, A. G. O., 1863.)

32. The acting assistant provost-marshal-general of a State, or the commander of a depot camp of the Invalid Corps, if a field officer, is authorized to exercise the powers of a regimental officers and their that relates to the appointment of non- commissioned officers and their reduction to the ranks; also in all that relates to the granting or approving of leaves of absence to the officers, or furloughs to enlisted men in the Invalid Corps, according to the general regulations of the United State Army.

33. Applications for leaves of absence to commissioned officers must be approved by the senior officer present with the command, and must be sent through the acting assistant provost-marshal- general of the State, who will state his approval or disapproval in forwarding it to the Provost-Marshal-General.

34. In the case of enlisted men furloughs may be granted to not exceeding 5 per cent. of the command; but none will be granted if any are absent without leave. In all cases the furlough will be signed by the company commander and approved by the commanding officer at the station or post of the company.

35. One copy of the monthly return of companies and one copy of the post return for the Invalid Corps will be furnished to the Adjutant-General and one to the Provost-Marshal-General at Washington.

RICHARD H. RUSH,

Colonel and Assistant in Charge of Invalid Corps Bureau.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 12, 1863.

His Excellency HORATIO SEYMOUR,

Governor of New York, Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that orders have this day been sent to Boards of Enrollment of the Second, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Districts of the State of New York, directing that a draft be made on those districts for 2,050 men, each, of the first class, in place of the orders sent in the early part of July.

This is in conformity with the letter of August 7, 1863, addressed to you from His Excellency the President of the United States.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NEW YORK, August 12, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

I was in consultation last evening with General Canby, the mayor, and police commissioners. We are of opinion that the draft can safely commence in this city on Monday with a sufficient force, but there ought to be 10,000 troops in the city and harbor. General Canby has now 5,000. Governor Seymour's letters have increased the disaffection and multiplied the chances of collision, and there is little doubt that he will do all in his power to defeat the draft short of

