
awed, that the draft will be completed without serious disturbance, and the public authority effectually maintained.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL

FOR THE STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA,

Harrisburg, Pa., August 12, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith for your information, if not already advised by General Whipple of his views, of the present state of affairs at Pottsville.

I have inquired of General Couch, at Chambersburg, if he can furnish re-enforcements, if needed, but have not yet received an answer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. V. BOMFORD,

Lieutenant Colonel 16th U. S. Infty., A. A. P. M. G. for Pennsylvania.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Pottsville, Schuylkill County, Pa., August 9, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES V. BOMFORD,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for Pa., Harrisburg, Pa.:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 7th instant. In reply I would state that with a respectable display of force at the places of enrollment there need be no apprehensions of positive resistance. And should there by a collision, I think it better that such collision should take place than that the Government should show itself wanting in nerve to execute its own laws. But, as I said before, there need be no collision if a strong force is sent with the enrolling officers. On the contrary, any display of weakness or hesitation would be fatal.

It would not only make the Government a reproach and a byword among these people, but would jeopardize the future tranquility of this whole region. This is the verdict of almost every supporter of the Government in this county, including the coal operators. Let there by no means by any suspension of the draft here now. If there is any trifling of that kind the troubles here will never cease.

If, on the other hand, the draft be enforced here firmly but judiciously it will go far toward correcting a state of lawlessness which has existed here for the past few years and which has made the name of miner a terror to all law-abiding citizens.

I yesterday rode through Heckescherville with forty dragoon, halted in the town, was surrounded by hundreds of the miners, talked with them a little, and moved on. This is the worst place in the county and it is here I intend to commence enrolling to- morrow.

There should be two more regiments sent here for defensive purposes, if our occupation of the county is for defense. A scheme was put on foot among the miners yesterday to attack the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania Militia encamped at Minersville.

The attacking force was about 3,000 strong. They did not, however, put their scheme into execution, being intimidated by the

