
ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Elmira, N. Y., August 13, 1863.

[Colonel JAMES B. FRY:]

COLONEL: The draft will commence at Syracuse (Twenty-third) on Wednesday next, at Dunkirk (Thirty-first) on Monday. These are the only districts remaining to be drawn in my division of the State, except Utica (the Twenty-first), which I have just received notice of being added to Western New York.

On the 18th of July be telegraph you instructed me to report by telegraph daily the progress of the draft in the several districts. This was done for awhile, but in my absence was omitted. It was given at a time when great anxiety was exhibited as to whether the draft could be peaceably made, and I presume is not now required.

Your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 360. Washington, August 13, 1863.

* * * * *

8. The draft rendezvous at Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio, will upon the receipt of this order, be transferred to Camp Cleveland, Cleveland, Ohio, at which place the commanding officer and his staff will take post.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 13, 1863.

Major GEORGE L. STEARNS,

A. A. G. of Vols., Recruiting Comr. U. S. Colored Troops,

Continental Hotel, Philadelphia, Pa.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 10th of instant,* informing the Department that $50,000 had been placed at your disposal, by contribution, to aid in recruiting colored troops, and asking if the Department has any further instructions or orders to give you. In reply, I am instructed by the Secretary of War to direct you to proceed to headquarters Department of the Cumberland to assist in recruiting and organizing colored troops in that department.

On your arrival you will report in person to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding the department, and by letter to Brigadier General L. Thomas, Adjutant-General U. S. Army, now at Vicksburg, Miss., who is charged with the duty of organizing colored troops in the Valley of the Mississippi. You will make frequent reports of your progress, and such instructions as may be necessary will be furnished you by General Thomas, under whose orders you will act. Printed vouchers are being prepared, on which your recruiting agents can be reimbursed for the cost of their transportation when traveling under your

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

