
orders. These vouchers properly filled up and sent to Major O. D. Greene, assistant adjutant-general, Mustering and Disbursing Bureau, Provost-Marshal-General's Department, will secure a return to the party of the amount expended.

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Concord, N. H., August 14, 1863.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: It would be very gratifying to myself and the citizens of our State if another effort could be made by the Government to relieve the Union citizens of Texas by the reappointment of General Hamilton as brigadier-general and Military Governor, and the organization and departure of a military force for that department sufficient to place the State completely under the control of Union soldiers and citizens. My knowledge of General Hamilton's sufferings and services for the Union cause make me feel very solicitous that on his account, and on account of those he represents, as soon as the military situation will admit, a Texas military expedition may be set on foot and carried to a successful consummation. If any plan can be devised for raising troops specially for that service in New England, I shall cheerfully and earnestly led it my sympathy and co-operation, and trust that the President will not fail to favor and authorize it without delay as soon as the public service will justify it.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor.

WASHINGTON, August 14, 1863.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

New York City:

GENERAL: Re-enforcements for New York are ordered to Governor's Island. About 5,000 will leave to-day and to-morrow and more will soon follow. In any new attempt to resist the draft I hope the punishment will be prompt and severe. No blank cartridges.

I would also recommend the formation of Union Home Guards in large numbers. A simple enrollment may be sufficient at present. Arms can be issued to them if circumstances should require them. The difficulty of effecting such organizations after a riot has begun points out the necessity of a previous enrollment and point of rendezvous.

Very respectfully,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NEW YORK CITY, N. Y., August 14, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Major Townsend reports to me that he has finished the draft in the Twenty-second District, Oswego, and in the Eighteenth, Schenectady, and that it was alone the presence of troops which saved Schenectady

