
of the provost-marshals. If I had arms I would organize companies in all the counties of the State where I think they may be needed. None of these companies would draw any pay or cause any expense only when called on by the proper authorities, except those in the southern tier - a squad of ten men of each of which is on duty. I regard it as a matter of the first and most pressing importance to get a supply of arms and ammunition.

I would be glad to know what arrangements will be made in and for this State in case a draft shall be ordered here. In that case I am satisfied the Government must make such show of preparation and strength as will show the hopelessness of resistance. Not to do so would in the present temper of a portion of our people invite, and, in my judgment, produce collision. I would be glad also to understand clearly what part, if any, you will expect the State authorities to take in enforcing the draft. In my judgment, in view of possible future contingencies, it would be well for the General Government to do the entire work. Hoping to hear from you soon and fully,

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

[Inclosure No. 1.] OFFICE OF U. S. MARSHAL, DISTRICT OF IOWA, Des Moines, Iowa, February 21, 1863.

Major L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate, War Department:

MAJOR: A Mr. M. M. Gay, a U. S. detective, employed by Lieutenant-Colonel Dick, provost-marshal-general of Missouri, called upon me to-day. He says that he has been travelling in Southern Iowa for the past ten days. That a large amount of cattle, horses, and mules have been run off into this State by rebels is Missouri to keep the same from being seized by U. S. officers for confiscation, &amp;c. My own detectives make the same report. They also all unite in saying that the sopperheads are arming themselves and preparing to resist any order that may be made by the Government, either to arrest deserters or persons charged with disloyal practices. I know of my own knowledge that they are arming themselves in this locality, and that their leaders intend, of possible, to bring on collision with the Government authorities. In my opinion, some steps should be taken by the Government to stop the sale of powder and other munitions of war and to disarm the copperheads should there be any demonstration on their part. The sale of arms and ammunition should be restricted at once all over the State.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. HOXIE,

U. S. Marshal.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] OFFICE OF U. S. MARSHAL, DISTRICT OF IOWA, Des Moines, Iowa, February 24, 1863.

[Major L. C. TURNER:]

MAJOR: I have received a letter from a prominent citizen of Clarke County, Iowa, from which I make the following extracts:

The order of the Knights of the Golden Circle, now entitled the Union Relief Society, is thoroughly organized in every township of this Congressional district, and I am informed the entire State. Every four townships forms a sub-district. The secretaries of each of these townships meet monthly to compare notes, and

