
assigned in accordance with the President's letters to you. I now have the honor to say that the drawing will commence on Wednesday next, the 19th instant.

In consideration of the fact that the late riot in the city of New York, said to have been occasioned by the draft, was not immediately suppressed by the forces and influences brought to bear upon it, the General Government has determined to have troops in the city to meet any emergency which may arise in connection with the execution of the law of the United States known as the enrollment act. The measures adopted, supported by the municipal and militia forces, which have so often and so lately manifested their loyalty and patriotism, will, its is hoped, prevent a recurrence of the scenes enacted in July last.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NEW YORK, August 16, 1863.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding Department of the East, New York:

GENERAL: I am under the impression that the Secretary of War thought that the troops he is sending would be ample to accomplish all purposes without calling out the militia, and that the call for the militia was to be made only in the contingency of more serious opposition than is apprehended.

I mention this as General Canby thinks you intend to make a call on the Governor to-morrow for militia force. I may be mistaken as to the Secretary's intention, or he may have given you instructions other than those made known to me, but if they are doubtful, I would take the liberty of respectfully suggesting that you dispatch the Secretary to-day in reference to his wishes about calling out the militia. My understanding was that he wished to produce the impression that the General Government was abundantly able and prepared to have its laws executed.

To call out the militia without being forced to would, it seems to me, indicate weakness on our part.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[AUGUST 16, 1863.- For Johnson to Lincoln, reporting success in raising Tennessee troops, see Series I, Vol. XXX, Part III, p. 54.]

[AUGUST 17, 1863.- For Banks to Lincoln, relating to the organization of negro troops in the Department of the Gulf, see Series I, Vol. XXVI, Part I, p. 688.]
HEADQUARTERS,1210 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia, August 17, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: On the 6th of June I offered to place under your control for the service of the War Department an organization for recruiting

