
at Fort Monroe? Governor Seymour at the last moment has notified me that there can be no violation of good order, no riotous proceedings, and no disturbances of the public peace which are not infractions of laws of the State; that those laws will be enforced under all circumstances.

JNO. A. DIX,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 288. Washington, August 18, 1863.

In every case of seizure of goods by officers acting under the authority of this Department, a true and perfect inventory thereof shall be taken in triplicate by the officer making the seizure, one copy of which shall be given to the person from whom the goods were taken, line copy retained by the officer, and the third copy will be forwarded with a report of the seizure, which will be immediately made to this Department. The officer making the seizure will be held accountable for the goods while they are under his charge, and until they are disposed of according to orders from this Department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, VICKSBURG, MISS., Numbers 45. August 18, 1863.

Under instructions from the Secretary of War, the undersigned hereby announces his return to this region of the country for the purpose of continuing the organization into the military service of the United States of all able-bodied male persons of African descent who may come within our lines, or who may be brought in by our troops, or who may have already placed themselves under the protection of the Federal Government; also to take such measures as may prove most beneficial for the welfare of all women, children, aged and infirm persons of African descent who have sought refuge within our lines, or may hereafter do so.

In future all able-bodied male negroes of the above class will at once be organized, by such officers as may be detailed for that duty, into the military service of the United States, when they will be assigned to regiments composed of persons of African descent, now in process of formation, or to be formed hereafter.

It has become apparent that the system of receiving all negroes who may have sought the protection of our Government, and allowing them to remain, in many instances, in a state of almost inactivity, has become at times, not only injurious to the interests of the service, but the welfare of the negroes themselves, resulting in habits of idleness, sickness, and disease.

It is further considered expedient that all children and females of negro descent who may be hereafter desirous of seeking refuge within the lines of the United States troops be advised to remain on the plantations, or elsewhere, where they have been heretofore in a

