
state of servitude, provided such place be under the control of the Federal troops. All such negroes will receive the protection of this Government while they remain in the locations that may be designated; and all such persons as may be authorized to occupy plantations or other places will be permitted to employ those females and children in any capacity most suited to their ability.

All male negroes who are incapacitated by old age, ill-health, or in any other respect, from serving in regiments of African descent, will be duly cared for and assigned, as heretofore, to the nearest camp for such persons.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 18, 1863.

His Excellency AUGUSTUS W. BRADFORD,

Governor of Maryland, Annapolis, Md.:

SIR: With a view to uniform and harmonious execution of the enrollment act, it has been deemed best to assign an officer of this department, of rank, to duty at the capital of each State. He will be instructed to confer with the Governor; to superintend the operations of the provost-marshals and boards of enrollment in the several districts of the States; to secure from the provost-marshals and boards and submit to the State Executive such rolls and reports as may be deemed necessary for the files of the State, and to prepare from the State records, and to transmit to the provost-marshals and boards of enrollment, such information placed at his disposal by the state authorities a say be necessary or useful to provost-marshals and boards of enrollment in the performance of the duties assigned them.

In accordance with the foregoing, Major Noah L. Jeffries, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, has been appointed to take post at Baltimore. He is an officer of superior ability and a gentleman of attainments, and it is hoped his assignment will prove agreeable to Your Excellency.

The War Department will be pleased if Your Excellency will communicate freely with him, and secure as far as possible for all officers appointed under the enrollment act the co-operation of the civil officers of tour State.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Same letter sent to Governor Cannon, Delaware; similar letter sent, August 18, to Governor Stanford, California, and Governor Nye, Nevada Territory, informing them of the assignment of Major George P. Andrews as acting assistant provost-marshal-general for California and Nevada Territory; also to Governor Gibbs, Oregon, and Governor Pickering, Washington Territory, in reference to assignment of Major Pinkney Lugenbeel as acting assistant provost-marshal-general for their States; one to Governor Curtin, of Pennsylvania, in reference to assignment of Captain C. C. Gilbert as acting assistant provost-marshal-general for the first twelve districts, August 22.)

