
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 18, 1863.

Major NOAH L. JEFFRIES,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Volunteers, Baltimore, Md.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose herewith an order assigning you to duty as acting assistant provost-marshal-general for the States of Delaware and Maryland; also a copy of a letter sent to His Excellency Governor William Cannon, of Delaware, and His Excellency Governor Augustus W. Bradford, of Maryland.*

Copies of the Regulations for the Government of the Provost- Marshal-General's Bureau are forwarded herewith.+ You are assigned to duty by virtue of your commission as major and assistant adjutant-general of volunteers in the service of the United States, and have the power belonging to it, but as there is no law creating the position of provost-marshal-general for States, you will act for the States of Delaware and Maryland in the name of the Provost-Marshal-General and as his assistant.

You will be exclusively under the orders of this department; yet, while the Governors of Delaware and Maryland have no control over you, you will be required to acquaint yourself with their views and wishes, and give them due weight in determining as to the best interests of the General Government, of which you are the representative. To this end you will use all proper means to gain and retain the confidence and the good will of the Governors and their State officers. You will endeavor by all means in your power to secure for the execution of the enrollment act the aid the hearty co-operation of His Excellency Governor William Cannon, of Delaware, and His Excellency Augusts W. Bradford, of Maryland, of the civil officers of these States, and also of the people.

Instructions in detail will be sent you from time to time as the requirements of the service of the provost-marshal-general's department in Maryland and Delaware may develop themselves.

You are authorized to establish a suitable office and employ such clerical assistance as may be absolutely necessary, conforming in principle to the rules governing provost-marshals in like cases.

You will make it your duty to present for the consideration of the Provost-Marshal-General all important questions arising in your States, with such remarks as will serve fully to explain them, and with such recommendations as you may consider best calculated for the benefit of the service.

You will also inform yourself as far as possible of the localities, number, and strength of the enemies to the Government, if there be any in your States, and you will ascertain the location and strength of the military forces, and of all enrolled, organized, or partially organized parties friendly to the Government within the same limits.

You will communicate fully and frequently upon the condition of affairs in the different districts under your superintendence, and take especial care to ascertain and report to this office all cases wherein the provost-marshals, surgeons, commissioners, enrolling officers, and other employes of this department shall have proved themselves unworthy or incompetent to fill the positions to which they have been appointed. The information necessary to this end will be obtained both by your own personal examinations and by the assistance of

---------------

*Next, ante.

+See p. 125.

---------------

