
officers to be detailed under your orders as inspectors for this department in your States.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Similar letter sent to Brevet Major Andrews, assigning him to duty as acting assistant provost-marshal-general for California and Nevada Territory, with copies of letters to Governors Standord and Nye inclosed. Also one to Major Lugenbeel, assigning him to duty as aforesaid to Oregon and Washington Territory, with copies of letters of Governors Gibbs and Pickering. Also one to Captain Gilbert, August 22, assigning him as acting assistant- provost-marshal-general for first twelve district of Pennsylvania, with a copy of letter to Governor Curtin.)

NEW YORK CITY, August 18, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: The assistant adjutant-general of this State, Major Storehouse, has informed me that there are 1,530 recruits for the volunteer service raised in the six Congressional districts composing the city of New York since the last report to recruits for the U. S. service raised in this State.

These recruits are portions of regiments of infantry, cavalry, and artillery now being organized under recent orders from the War Department. Major Storehouse, who comes to consult with me by authority of Governor Seymour, wishes to know if the above-named number of men will be credited to the six districts referred to and deducted from the quotas established for the forthcoming drafts, and if so may the number be equally apportioned among these districts, as there are no date to determine to what particular district any of the recruits belong. The President in his dispatch to Governor Seymour, August 16, says, "Let credits for volunteers be given up to the last moment." Major Storehouse is still in this city awaiting an answer to this.

ROBERT NUGENT,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 18, 1863.

Colonel ROBERT NUGENT,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, New York City:

The evidence of the statements made by Major Storehouse is not in the Adjutant-General's Office now, or if there it has come too lately to be considered, and the draft must go on for the quotas ordered. The credit, if found correct, will be considered on next draft.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

44 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

