
they select one of their number to represent them at the county lodge, which meets in this county at the county seat. At that time they receive instructions for the ensuing month. Each county lodge selects a man to represent them in the district and State lodges. The State lodge is to be held at Des Moines (this place) between the 1st and 10th of April next, unless an emergency should demand a meeting earlier, pr policy appoint one later. I will advise you of any change of time. The oath administered is in substance as follows:

"I somely swear that I will support the Constitution of the United States as it is; that I will resist draft either by State or Federal authorities; that I will resist all orders issued by the present Administration, and that I will do all in my power to unite the States of the Northwest with the Southern Confederacy," &amp;c.

The same person says:

Their passwords and signs are the same throughout the States North and South. They have a large amount of arms and ammunition at the residence of a Mr. Warner, In Leon, Decatur County, Iowa; also some at the stores of Mr. Hurst, in the same place. These arms are procured in Missouri, and a Mr. McClelland, of Decatur Country, is now in Missouri after more.

I give you the main features of his letter. He has the signs and passwords, and all the particulars from a loyal man whom he persuaded to join the Union Relief Society. I shall have the new passwords, signs, &c., in a few days. Shall I take any steps in relation to the arms said to be secreted?

I am, major, your obedient servant,

H. M. HOXIE,

U. S. Marshal.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] OFFICE OF U. S. MARSHAL, DISTRICT OF IOWA, Des Moines, Iowa, February 25, 1863.

Major L. C. TURNER,

Judge-Advocate:

MAJOR: I have this day mailed to the Secretary of War a letter with the statements of Lieutenant Henry and a Mr. Williams. I beg you to have immediate action taken on this matter. Danger is imminent, and I may have trouble long before this reaches Washington. I have also written to Honorable John A. Kasson, member elect from this district, and asked him to call on you. Mr. K. is well acquainted in Madison and Clarke counties.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

H. M. HOXIE,

U. S. Marshal.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.] OFFICE OF U. S. MARSHAL, DISTRICT OF IOWA, Des Moines, Iowa, February 25, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I inclose herewith a statement made by Lieutenancy Henry, of the Fourth Iowa Infantry, a recruiting office stationed at Winterset, in Madison County, in this State, touching certain demonstrations made by the sympathizers with rebellion in that county. I have seen a statement forwarded to the Government of this State by about thirty of the most reliable citizens of Winterset, which discloses a much worse state of affairs than is shown by the communication of Lieutenant Henry. A meeting was held in Winterset on saturday last, composed of notorious rebel sympathizers, about 100 of whom, it is said, were heavily armed. The principal speech was

