
Army, under charge of proper officers, and with their descriptive lists and clothing accounts, to the depots to which they may belong, as follows:

First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Cavalry, Carlisle Barracks, Pa.: First Artillery, Fort Independence, Boston Harbor; Second Artillery, Fort McHenry, Baltimore, Md.; Third Artillery, Fort Trumbull, Conn.; Fourth Artillery, Fort Washington, Md.; Fifth Artillery, Fort Hamilton, N. Y. Harbor; First Infantry, Annapolis, Md.; Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth Infantry, Fort Columbus, N. Y. Harbor; Eleventh Infantry, Fort Independence, Boston Harbor; Twelfth Infantry, Fort Hamilton, N. Y. Harbor; Thirteenth Infantry, Newport Barracks, Ky.; Fourteenth Infantry, Fort Trumbull, Conn.; Fifteenth Infantry, Fort Adams, R. I.; Sixteenth Infantry, Fort Ontario, Oswego, N. Y.; Seventeenth Infantry, Fort Preble, Portland, Me.; Eighteenth Infantry, Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio; Nineteenth Infantry, Fort Wayne, Detroit, Mich.

Enlisted men thus transferred will still be borne on the rolls of the companies to which they belong as on detached service at regimental depot. On arriving at the depots they will at once be organized into provisional companies, the officers for which will be assigned from those of the regiment who have been recommended for such duties by the board for the examination of sick officers at either Annapolis or Columbus, Ohio.

All enlisted men of the Regular Army who have passed the necessary examination for the Invalid Corps in accordance with the orders on the subject will be at once forwarded to their proper regimental depots.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 72. Washington, D. C., August 19, 1863.

The act of congress of April 14, 1802, enacts:

That the children of persons duty naturalized under any of the laws of the United States, or who, previous to the passing of any law on that subject by the Government of the United States, may have become citizens of any one of the said States under the laws thereof, being under the age of twenty-one years at he time of their parents being so naturalized or admitted to the rights of citizenship, shall, if dwelling in the United States, be considered as citizens of the United States.

Before any decision can be made or certificate issued by the State Department in regard to any such case, the name and evidence in the case must be transmitted through this office in the usual manner.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 19, 1863.

His Excellency HORATIO SEYMOUR,

Governor of New York, Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that orders have this day been sent to the Board of Enrollment of the Twenty-first District of New

