
York, directing that a draft be made on that district for 1,687 men of the first class.

This is in place of the one sent July 10, 1863, and I would respectfully request that the suggestions contained in my letter of July 1, 1863, be carried out in this case.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 19, 1863.

Major-General DIX,

New York City:

One transport steamer left Alexandria on the 15th, six on the 16th, one on the 17th, two on the 18th, and three are now loading.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NEW YORK CITY, August 19, 1863-3 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The draft is progressing quietly. The troops are arriving. Governor Seymour has backed down, as you will see. General Sandford's division is out on the call of the mayor and police commissioners. The show of strength the Government is making will do great good.

JNO. A. DIX,

Major-General.

NEW YORK CITY, August 19, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

There is not the least symptom of disturbance in any part of the city. General Canby, the police authorities, and the mayor are all confident that everything will pass off quietly. It is universally believed that you have 20,000 men. The troops last sent have not yet arrived. The militia are all under arms co- operating perfectly.

C. A. DANA.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

TWENTY-THIRD DISTRICT, STATE OF NEW YORK,

Syracuse, August 19, 1863.

[Colonel JAMES B. FRY:]

COLONEL: I arrived here last night after arranging for the draft at Utica. I requested Colonel Marshall to send from Rochester 100 men with good officers from his regiment to Utica. On arriving here I find there is no necessity for retaining the 100 men detailed to this point by Colonel Marshall, and have telegraphed him not to respond to my request of yesterday, but no transfer the men now here to Utica. I find a sad deficiency in guards at headquarters and that there are a great many desertions by substitutes. This has determined me to divide the Invalid Corps force at my disposal about equally between the districts to serve as guards and escorts for enlisted men and substitutes. For this purpose we shall require

