
INDIANAPOLIS, August 20, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I report to you the organization this day of four regiments of six-months" men, aggregate 4,000. The Seventh Indiana Cavalry authorized by you has already 600 men in camp and will soon be full.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

STATE OF INDIANA,

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Indianapolis, August 20, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: The disloyal element, under the name of "Democracy," are holding large mass-meetings in different parts of the State, at which the people are urged to arm and drill, which they doing in many places in large numbers. Large quantities of arms and ammunition are being purchased and distributed, especially in the Seventh District and adjoining counties in Illinois. I inclose you a poster advertising one of these meetings to come off on Saturday next. The watchword given on the bill is, I am assured, the watchword of the Knights of the Golden Circle.

I think the best and perhaps only way to preserve the peace when the draft taken place in the several districts will be to be so well prepared to promptly suppress any outbreak as to convince all that an attempt to resist could not be even temporarily successful. I have the honor, colonel, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CONRAD BAKER,

Colonel and Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General for Indiana.

[Inclosure.]

OLD-FASHIONED BARBECUE.

The Democracy of Vigo County propose to give an old-fashioned barbecue at Terre Haute of Saturday, August 22, 1863, to which they invite the Democracy of the Seventh Congressional District and the adjoining counties of Indiana and Illinois.

The fatted calf will be killed and roasted for the refreshment of the brethren. Distinguished speakers, and plenty of them, will be present and address the meeting. This is a time for mutual understanding and concerted action on the part of the friends of the Constitution and the white man's liberty. Let all come and bring their families. The meeting will be held in the grove south of town, near the river, where the teams can be watered. The watchword of the day will be: "United we stand in defiance of tyrants."

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 20, 1863.

In reference to the quotas of Massachusetts, the following is submitted:

First. In organizing troops in 1861, after the call of May 2, no formal assignments of quotas to States were made, and there was no

