
to doubt the character or sufficiency of the evidence presented, it should decline granting the exemption, unless such additional proof as it may require be presented in time to be considered without delaying the business of the draft.

II. The following is published for the guidance of provost- marshals in making daily telegraphic reports of examinations of drafted men. These reports should be made each day after the adjournment of the adjournment of the Board, and should relate to on other matter. The following is the form to be observed:

DAILY REPORT FOR ---, 1863.

Number of drafted men held, ---.

Substitutes accepted, ---.

Paid communication, ---.

Exempted for disability, ---.

Exempted for all other causes, ---.

Total examined, ---.

Sent to general rendezvous, ---.

No examination must appear twice in this report. The "total examined" should equal the total of preceding classifications.

III. Unless otherwise directed, provost-marshals will communicate by telegraph only on matters of immediate importance, and were too much delay would ensue from recourse to the mail. In forwarding telegrams the formality of letter correspondence must be omitted, and the dispatches must be couched in the fewest words possible to convey the meaning intended.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 21, 1863.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

I can"t now tell what your quota will be or when it will be ordered. The call will be for one-fifth the enrolled men of the first class in each Congressional district, reduced by district's proportion of the excess of men heretofore furnished by the State. The excess in Indiana is large, and it cannot be apportioned among the districts until we get the enrollment of all of them, which I hope will be soon. If you can expedite the enrollment in districts where it is not yet completed please do so. Colonel Baker can tell you how it stands.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 21, 1863.

Colonel ROBERT NUGENT,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, New York City:

The draft in First, Third, and Ninth Districts is to be made upon quotas originally ordered. No change is to be made in them.

The sub-districts of the First District, being the counties of Suffolk, Queens, and Richmond, and the enrollment having been made by counties, quotas cannot be assigned to towns.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

