
the number to be taken from such districts. On Tuesday, the day before the draft was to be made in New York, I received a notice of this description, and this is the only official notice I have received with regard to it. These notices do not give any intimations when the draft will be made. In some instances the draft is made at once; in others more than a month intervenes.

When I learned from public rumor that the draft was to be made on wednesday in the Sixth District, in pursuance of your dispatch, I sent the deputy adjutant-general to New York for the purpose of having the number of volunteers raised in the district deducted from the number of conscripts to be drawn. This was not done. a

New York has paid bounties to about 9,000 volunteers since the 1st of January last. These are in the field or in the service of the United States at the military camps in this States. In what way are they to be credited to this State? Large numbers are now joining the Army. I understand from your telegraphic dispatch that these should be credited to the State and to the proper districts, and that you are willing they should be credited at the last moment which will not produce confusion or delay. b

As there is no definite rule on this subject, and as the drafts are made without notice to me, there is danger that this State will be deprived of its just credit. c

The city of New York has sent about 3,000 volunteers into the Army since the 1st day of january last. I think none of these have been credited to that city.

I trust you will give some order upon this subject which will do justice to that city, which, beyond, any other community, has supplied the armies and navy of the Union men during this civil war. d

There is another subject to which I wish to call your attention. Adjoining States, since the commencement of the war, and more particularly since the draft was ordered, have had agencies in the cities of New York and Brooklyn for the purpose of getting volunteers or substitutes. A large number of men have thus been drawn from this into the service of other States. As these men are enrolled here, they swell the quota to be taken from New York. e

By my order on the 10th instant Inspector-General Miller, of this State, wrote to Colonel Fry suggesting a mode by which this practice can be corrected. No answer has yet been received. I respectfully call your attention to General Miller's letter, a copy of which is attached to this communication. I attach a copy of the resolutions

a The "deputy adjutant-general," of course, could not have the number of volunteers raised in the district deducted from the number of conscripts to be drawn by going to new York, and both the deputy adjutant-general and the Governor must have known that this could not be done. - J. B. Fry.

b All of them raised previous to making up quotas for draft July 11 have been credited, amounting to 6,000 or 7,000; the remainder raised since the quotas were made up, amounting to 2,000 or 3,000, cannot be credited until quotas shall be made for next draft. - J. B. Fry.

c The rule is definite to credit up to the last moment practicable before making up quotas. - J. B. Fry.

d I have nothing to show definitely what the city has furnished. All furnished by the State previous to July 11 have been credited as stated. The city has probably not suffered from the mode of assigning the credits throughout the State. - J. B. Fry.

e This subject is a very important one. If affects all the States as well as New York. I referred it to Colonel Holt to get his views of the legal points involved and the benefit of his advice on the subject generally. It has not yet been returned, but must be soon, as Colonel Holt now has the subject under consideration. - J. B. Fry.

