
adopted by the Common Council of New York will respect to this matter. a

Truly, yours, &amp;c.,

HORATIO SEYMOUR.

Words in foregoing letter underscored by General Fry.*

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] STATE OF NEW YORK, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Albany, August 12, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY:

We are recruiting large numbers of volunteers in this State under the influence of the bounties offered by our laws. These bounties are offered with a view of reducing the numbers to be drafted from this State. It is therefore important for me to know up to what time they will be received in lieu of drafted men. When that time has expired there will be no object in continuing the bounties; on the contrary, when no credit is allowed on the draft the continuance of volunteering increases the burthen of the draft upon our population.

If allowances are made for the volunteers on entering into the service of the United States, under what rules and under whose direction are the credits applied for the benefit of the districts entitled to the credit for such volunteers? Suppose 1,000 men are enlisted in one of the districts in the course of the months of July and August, and a draft is made for 2,500 men, how is the district to get the benefit of the enlistments? Or if a draft for 2,500 men is ordered but not made, will the number of volunteers be deducted from the number of the draft then ordered?

Efforts are made to get recruits by State and district bounties with a view of reducing the numbers to be drafted. When these recruits are not credited the locations are injured, not benefited, by enlistments.

An early answer will oblige me.

Truly, yours, &c.,

HORATIO SEYMOUR.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.+] [Inclosure Numbers 3.] STATE OF NEW YORK, INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Albany, August 10, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY, Esq.,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Persons residents and citizens of this State liable to military service and conscription therein are being taken in great numbers by substitute agents and recruiting officers from other States for the purpose of filling the quota of such States with residents of New York, contrary to the laws of this State and to the manifest prejudice of its citizens.

These outrages the civil authorities are unable to restrain, and I am therefore directed by his Excellency Governor Seymour respectfully to call your attention to the subject, and to ask that a general

---------------

a August 25; the letter is just returned, and Colonel Holt's opinion is with my letter to Secretary of War. - j. S. Fry.

* Here printed in italics.

+ See Seymour to President, August 16, 9.30 a. m., p. 681.

---------------

45 R R - SERIES III, VOL III

