
order be published whereby all persons entering the military service of the United States as substitutes for conscripts or otherwise shall be credited by the proper authorities to the State in which they shall have been enrolled and label to military service, and that such persons be counted on the quota of such States, notwithstanding they may have been recruited by officers or hired by substitute agents of other States.

Such an order, strictly just in itself, would prove the most effectual way of correcting the great wrong now being done in this State, and of which our citizens so justly complain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSIAH T. MILLER,

Inspector-General State of New York.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.] OFFICE CLERK OF COMMON COUNCIL, Numbers 8 City Hall, New York, August 20, 1863.

His Excellency HORATIO SEYMOUR,

Governor of the State of New York:

SIR: A preamble and resolution was passed by the Board of Councilmen on the 14th instant, by the Board of Aldermen on the 15th, and was duly approved by the mayor on the 19th instant, of which the following is a copy:

Whereas, recruiting offices, and also substitution broker's offices, have been substitutes for drafted men in other States, in violation of section 3 of chapter 184 of Laws of the State, passed 1863: Therefore, be it

Resolved, That the Governor be respectfully requested to take immediate measures to prohibit any and all persons from offering bounties, and from the purpose of taking them to other States.

The above act of the Common Council of the city of New York is, in accordance with my duty, respectfully transmitted for the consideration of Your Excellency.

Yours, truly,

D. B. VALENTINE,

Clerk of the Common Council.

MEMPHIS, August 21, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just arrived in this city in company with Major-General Grant. Great embarrassment is felt for the want of non- commissioned officers for regiments of African descent now in progress of formation. Will you not authorize the colored men drafted in the Western States to be forwarded to this department, that the most intelligent may be appointed non-commissioned officers?

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 76. Washington, D. C., August 22, 1863.

The following opinions of Colonel Joseph Holt, Judge-Advocate- General, are published for the information and guidance of all officers of this Bureau:

