
STATE OF NEW YORK, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, August 22, 1863.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: I have requested Major Stonehouse to go to Washington to consult with you and the War Department with respect to military affairs in this State. He was assistant adjutant-general under the administration of Government Morgan, and is fully acquainted with the facts and history of the enlistments in New York.

You will oblige me if you will give him an opportunity to present to you some questions of public interest.

Truly, yours, &amp;c.,

HORATIO SEYMOUR.

CONFIDENTIAL.] WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 22, 1863.

Major A. S. DIVEN,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Elmira, N. Y.:

SIR: I have just received your letter from Syracuse, and of not understand whether or not the draft has taken place in that city or when it is to take place. I can hear but little from the provost-marshal there. It was not my intention that the draft should be omitted there or anywhere else, and there is an unsatisfactory condition of things in that district. I desire you to examine and report in detail on the subject, and if there is, on the part of the any our officers, a dispositions to subordinate the public to local interests, a change must be made.

I am greatly importuned in reference to alleged abuses at Elmira. You have already presented the subject and said you would look moor carefully into it. It is necessary that this should be done as soon as possible and innocence or guilty established and proclaimed. Judge Grover appears to be the most active person in the accusations. I am acquainted with his relations toward you, but you know he has person who indorse him on general principles.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 375. Washington, August 22, 1863.

* * * * * * *

18. So much of Special Order, Numbers 371, August 20, 1863, from this office, as directs Brigadier General S. G. Champlin, U. S. Volunteers, to relieve Brigadier General John S. Mason, U. S. Volunteers, in command of the depot for drafted men at Camp Cleveland, Cleveland, Ohio, is hereby revoked.

19. Brigadier General E. L. Viele, U. S. Volunteers, will repair at once to Camp Cleveland, Cleveland, Ohio, and relieve Brigadier General John S. Mason, U. S. Volunteers, in command of the depot for drafted men at that place. Lieutenants Field and Van Winkle, aides-de-camp to General Viele, will report to him for duty at Camp Cleveland.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant-Adjutant-General.

