
administer the funds and perform the duties committed to them, and incidentally to preserve the public peace. They desire to take a copy of said list for examination, the same having never been published, that they may urge such corrections as are important and time will permit, and they respectfully request you, Mr. President, to authorize and direct the sealed consolidation list for the Chicago district, on file in the enrollment office here, to be unsealed and permission given the conscription was fund committee to take a copy of the same at the expense of the city.

F. C. SHERMAN,

Mayor.

S. S. HAYES,

Comptroller.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, August 24, 1863.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The Eighth Cavalry is over full. I think I can raise speedily another cavalry regiment. Shall I do so?

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 24, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE F. SHEPLEY,

Military Governor of Louisiana:

GENERAL: Information has reached this Department that the loyal citizens of Louisiana desire to form a new State constitution and to re-establish civil government in conformity with the Constitution and laws of the United States. To aid them in that purpose the President directs the following instructions to be given you:

First. You will cause a registration to be made in each parish in the State of Louisiana of all the loyal citizens of the United States in the parish as soon as it can conveniently be done after the people are relieved from the presence of the rebel troops and included within the lines occupied by the armies of the United States. This registration to include only such as shall have taken or shall taken an oath of allegiance to the United States, accompanied by a declaration that the oath was taken freely and voluntarily for the purpose of reorganizing a State government in Louisiana loyal to the United States.

Second. When this registration is made, as far as practicable, you will order an election to be held, on a day fixed, not less than thirty days from the date of the proclamation of such election, for delegates to a convention of the loyal people of the State for the purpose of forming a constitution and re- establishing a civil government in the State loyal to the United States and in conformity with the Federal Constitution and laws, and for the passage of all needful ordinances and laws.

Third. This convention will be called on a basis of representation which shall allow one delegate for every 2,500 of the loyal citizens aforesaid in each parish, as shown by the census of 1860, giving at least one delegate to each and one delegate for each fraction of people in any parish over 1,250.

Fourth. You are authorized to appoint the officers necessary to complete such registry, to preside at the elections, to receive, sort,

