
On the 2nd of August I received a letter from G. N. Kennedy, of which I inclose you herewith a copy. A copy of this letter I inclosed to Captain Wood, with my letter of instructions to him, dated August 2, copy of which I also inclose to you.

On the 5th of August I received a latter from Captain Wood, inclosing a copy of a letter which he says he sent me at Albany; also a copy of a latter to you under date of July 30, which I suppose you have to refer to. A copy of the letter to me I inclose also, dated July 30. At the same time I received a latter from him dated August 1, a copy of which I also inclose. To this letter and the inclosures I replied by letter of 5th of August, a copy of which I inclose.

On the 10th of August I received your telegram of 10th - in these words:

Is the draft going on in Onondaga County? It is reported to have been suspended. It must be carried out at once.

This I at once communicated to Captain Wood. The next day, 11th of August, I telegraphed Captain Wood as follows:

Give notice that the draft in your district will take place on the 15th instant. Arms will be sent you to-morrow.

the next day the mayor of the city of Syracuse and deputy provost-marshal called on me, and at their earnest solicitation I consented to defer the draft until the 19th, under the assurance that it should positively take place then, and I sent from Colonel Marshall's volunteers at Rochester 100 men to act as guard.

I arrived there the evening of the 18th and found the citizens of Syracuse claimed to have raised her quota and to be exempted from the draft, while the people of the county were contending before the Board that a portion of the volunteers claimed by the city were from their towns and should be credited to the towns from which they came to Syracuse to enlist, and at the request of all parties I telegraphed you for instructions.

It is contended by the mayor and the provost-marshal both that the city having raised the quota by volunteers of all kinds, without reference to whether they were enrolled men or exempts, or whether they resided in Syracuse or not, that there should be no draft for the city. I have just received from Major Ramsey, who reported to me for duty, and who I detailed to act as inspector of the draft at Syracuse, a letter, of which I inclose a copy. I have telegraphed to the provost-marshal as follows:

Don"t close the draft in your district without drawing Syracuse until you hear from Provost-Marshal-General.

I hope you will give him instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] SYRACUSE, July 30, 1863.

Colonel A. S. DIVEN:

DEAR SIR: It is understood here that an effort t is being made by certain parties here to break up the arrangements made with the Governor through Colonel Fry to postpone the draft here until the 15th of August.

This cannot now be fairly done, and if done, believe me, it will prove damaging to the Union cause in this locality.

