
The following reasons will commend themselves to your consideration:

First. Colonel Fry promised Colonel Richardson the draft should not take place here until 15th, and our papers and people have indorsed that by giving it publicity.

Second. Under the influence of this our city council have inaugurated such measures as they think will induce volunteering, claiming in meantime they can fill the quota without a draft.

Third. If the Government now retracts it will put its friends here in a false position and give the copperhead Democracy great advantage in the fall election by charging duplicity and unfairness on the Union party, and by appealing to young men, especially, with arguments like this:

You or your friend would not have been drafted if the Republicans and Union men - for they are responsible of course for the action of the Government - had given us the time they promised, as we had taken necessary steps, and would have filled the quota by volunteering.

As a politician you will readily see the power such an appeal would have.

Fourth. The delay cannot seriously prejudice the cause we will have at heart - the suppression of the rebellion; but it will instead disarm Democrats of all just cause of opposition to the draft if in the end it shall be necessary to make it, as well also their most potent argument against Union men in the fall elections.

Fifth. The evidence is strong that during the fifteen days a large number of men will volunteer, but the delay must be definitely fixed.

I understand that Colonel Richardson has about 400 men already in his cavalry regiment. There are several other persons also recruiting here and all doing quite a business.

Do not, then, unless the necessity is imperative, place us in a false position in this question, important as it is from every standpoint from which it can be viewed.

Give us the time and I think we can get more men than will be obtained by an immediate draft and the forced payment of the communication.

This course will place the copperheads where they should be, and leave us to say: You asked for time; the Government, to be just, gave it to you; you failed in your expectations, and you cannot complain if the draft is now made.

truly, yours,

GEO. N. KENNEDY.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, WESTERN DIVISION, STATE OF NEW YORK, Elmira, August 2, 1863.

Captain ALONZO WOOD,

Provost-Marshal, Twenty-third District of New York:

I inclose you copy of letter just received from George N. Kennedy. I know of no arrangement between the Government and Governor Seymour by which the draft in Syracuse has been postponed until the 15th, nor do I believe any such assurances were even given by Colonel Fry, as stated in the letter of Mr. Kennedy. You may remind Mr. Kennedy that this draft is made to replenish a gallant Army depleted

