
by the casualties of war, and will be carried on for that purpose solely, without reference to its effects on partisan politics.

If you have order from Colonel Fry, you will delay the draft; if not, you will proceed with it at once, and will be furnished with such aid as I can furnish you.

I have been surprised at not hearing a word from you since there. I have telegraphed you twice without receiving any answer. What does this mean?

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Western Division of New York.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, TWENTY-THIRD DISTRICT, STATE OF NEW YORK, Syracuse, July 30, 1863.

Major A. S. DIVEN,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

MAJOR: In answer to your telegram, I could be ready next Wednesday.

Colonel Richardson, who is raising volunteers under the advice of the mayor of this city, visited Washington last week and made representations to Colonel Fry that if the draft was not ordered here for a few days that, with the assistance of the city authorities, volunteers could be had to fill up the quota of the city. On his return he informed me that I might work at and correct the returns so as to make them as perfect as possible. Colonel Richardson also informed me that he had 400 volunteers, and other officers about 100 more, which, under Circular Numbers 30, should be credited to the different sub-districts in this district, and that the work of enlistment is steadily going on.

I herewith inclose one to Colonel Fry, which please forward to him. I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALONZO WOOD,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.] PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, TWENTY-THIRD DISTRICT, STATE OF NEW YORK, Syracuse, August 1, 1863.

Major A. S. DIVEN,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Elmira, N. Y.:

MAJOR: On receipt of your telegram from Rochester I immediately wrote to you at the Delavan House, Albany, a copy of the letter I herewith inclose.

Last night about 9 o"clock I received your telegram from Elmira as to arms and ammunition. The sheriff informed me a few days since that he did not wish to take charge of them more than a day or two before the draft was to commence.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALONZO WOOD,

Captain and Prov. March, Twenty-third District of New York.

