
[Inclosure Numbers 5.] ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, WESTERN DIVISION, STATE OF NEW YORK, Elmira, August 5, 1863.

Captain ALONZO WOOD,

Prov. March, Twenty-third District, Syracuse, New York:

CAPTAIN: I am in receipt of your favor of August 1, inclosing copy of letter to me at Albany and a letter to Colonel Fry. The latter has been duly forwarded to him. You mistake the meaning of circular Numbers 30. This applies to men who are enrolled and who enlist before the draft is ordered.

I have seen Colonel Fry, Provost-Marshal-General, and find that no instructions or orders have been given by him postponing the draft in your district. You will forthwith make everything ready to proceed with the draft without delay and have it commenced as soon as the beginning of the coming week.

I will see that arms and ammunition are forwarded to you so soon as you shall name what number you require.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. DIVEN,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Western Division of new York.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.] PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, TWENTY-THIRD DISTRICT, STATE OF NEW YORK, Syracuse, August 21, 1863.

Major A. S. DIVEN,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: The Board this day closed up the draft in Cortland County, drafting 657 men. Everything passed off quietly. The draft is now closed in this district, except the city of Syracuse; they did not close, and formally adjourned. The city claims that under the call they are full, but they have only shown that about one-half the number of men required from the city have been mustered into the service. They claim and promise they will have the others mustered in on Monday, so as to relieve them from the draft. The draft here has been conducted fairly. I have been presented all the time, and all the people in attendance, so far as I have been able to get an expression of opinion, are perfectly satisfied with the fairness of the draft. They have notified the first squads of conscripts to appear on Thursday next, and are notifying for them to appear daily until all are examined.

I shall await your orders, and unless I receive some special instructions from you shall not again report until the first of the week, without something new transpires.

I was informed to-day by Mr. George N. Kennedy, who I am informed by Captain Wood [sic that there is probably all sorts of rascality practiced by the Board at Oswego; that the current reports are that conscripts buy themselves off; that no men of any consequence will be obtained. These conscripts say that for $25 they can get off. This is not covered by my instructions in coming here, but I thought it my duty to report the same to you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SILAS RAMSEY,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

