
EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., August 25, 1863.

Ordered:

1. That clearances issued by the Treasury Department for vessels or merchandise bound for the port of New Orleans for the military necessities of the department, certified by Brigadier-General Shepley, the Military Governor of Louisiana, shall be allowed to enter said port.

2. That vessels and domestic produce from New Orleans, permitted by the Military Governor of Louisiana at New Orleans, for the military purpose of his department, shall, on his permit, be allowed to pass from said port to its destination to any port not blockaded by the United States.

A. LINCOLN.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 25, 1863.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF IOWA,

Davenport:

Your telegram requesting authority to raise another cavalry regiment received. Department will give you an answer at an early date.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL FOR KANSAS, NEBRASKA, COLORADO, AND DAKOTA,Leavenworth City, August 25, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit for your information the following brief report of facts connected with the destruction of Lawrence, and the books, records, and enrollment lists of the provost-marshal's office for the Southern District of Kansas.

I make this report from personal observation, as I was in Lawrence on the morning of the massacre and barely escaped the clutches of the guerrillas.

The attack was made by the notorious guerrilla chief Quantrill, with a force of about 300 men, at sunrise on the morning of Friday, the 21st instant.

The guerrillas entered the city from the south, and at once commenced an indiscriminate murder of its citizens. the work of death was continued for three hours, and whenever a citizen made his appearance, or escaped from a burning building, he was shot down in the streets.

Fires were set to buildings in all parts of the town, and all the business portion of the city and many of the private residence were burned. In many instances men were murdered in their homes in the presence of their wives and children, and the dead bodies burned. With the exception of those who were shot down in attempting to escape, the citizens were first robbed and then murdered.

Up to the present time 150 dead bodies have been found, and many more will doubtless be found in the ruins.

The provost-marshal's office, with all the records, papers, and enrollment lists, was entirely destroyed, and Captain Banks was taken prisoner and held during the occupancy of the town.

