
The value of the property destroyed will reach $2,000,000, and the money secured by the guerrillas cannot be less than $100,000.

A fearful state of excitement exists throughout the State of Kansas, and the people are unanimous in attributing the Lawrence massacre, and the present deplorable state of affairs upon the border, to the policy now being pursued by the commander of the Department of the Missouri.

The guerrillas have been largely re-enforced by men from Price's army, and have never been so active and defiant as now. From this time forward the war on this border promises to be one of extermination. Two or three thousand of the citizens of Kansas are in arms, and bidding defiance to the policy of General Schofield and General Ewing. They re determined to invade Missouri for retaliation. I am of the opinion that this result will be inevitable, taking into consideration the determined character of the people of Kansas, growing out of a long border contest, testified by the massacre without parallel in the history of civilized warfare.

I have deemed this statement necessary to a full understanding of the peculiar condition of affairs in kansas, and which must necessarily affect the administration of this bureau.

Asking for such instructions as you may think necessary.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIDNEY CLARKE,

Captain and Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 25, 1863.

Colonel ROBERT NUGENT,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, New York City:

Go on with the draft in all your districts as fast as you are ready, without waiting for any further orders from me, provided everything is right. We want it over now as soon as practicable.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., August 26, 1863.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: In my correspondence, with Governor Seymour in relation to the draft I have said to him, substantially, that credits shall be given for volunteers up to the latest moment, before drawing in any district that can be done without procuring confusion or delay. In order to do this, let our mustering officers in New York and elsewhere be at once instructed that whenever they muster into our service any number of volunteers, to at once make return to the War Department, both by telegraph and mail, the date of the muster, the number mustered, and the Congressional or enrollment districts, of their residences, giving the numbers separately for each district. Keep these returns diligently posted, and by them give full credit on the Quotas, if possible, on the last day before the draft begins in any district.

Again, I have informed Governor Seymour that he shall be notified of the time when the draft is to commence in each district in his State.

