
This is equally proper for all the States. In order to carry it out, I propose that, so soon as the day for commencing the draft in any district is definitely determined, the Governor of the State including the district be notified thereof, both by telegraphed and mail, in form about as follows:

--- ---,

---, 1863.

Governor of ---,

--- ---:

You are notified that the draft will commence ion the --- --- district, at ---, on the --- day of ---, 1863, at --- a. m. of said day.

Please acknowledge receipt of this by telegraph and mail.

--- ---,

--- ---.

This notice may be given by the Provost-Marshal-General here, the sub-provost-marshals-general in the States, or perhaps by the district provost-marshals.

Whenever we shall have so far proceeded in New York as to make the re-enrollment specially promised there practicable, I wish that also to go forward, and I wish Governor Seymour notified of it, so that of he choose he can place agents of his with ours to see the work fairly done.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., August 26, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Since the forces under my command moved south of Helena, Ark., I have prohibited trade with citizens entirely, because it would be better for our cause of this prohibition was general with all the States in rebellion. Trade, however, has been opened, under restrictions, I believe, in all the departments except this, and in this as far down as Helena. Under these circumstances I do not know but it would be advisable to open up means for those persons living within the States of Mississippi and Louisiana to obtain the necessaries of life and indispensable articles of clothing, &amp;c. If trade is opened under any general rule, all sorts of dishonest men will engage in it, taking any oath or obligation necessary to secure the privilege. Smuggling will at once commence, as ot did at memphis, Helena, and every other place where trade has been allowed within the disloyal States, and the armed enemy will be enabled to procure from Norther markets every article they require.

In view of all these facts, I would recommend the appointment of a post sutler for each post occupied in those parts of the country where trade has not been opened, and authorize them to keep such articles as it is desirable should be supplied to citizens within our lines. Such persons would be under military control, and, being limited in number, such precautions might be taken as would prevent improper trade.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

46 R R - SERIES III, VOL III

