
this evening, as troops are expected from Springfield to-day. I do not apprehend any conflict, as 100 bayonets have great moral power over copperheads.

I have given you this statement and wish to know if under the circumstances I did right. I looked upon it as a case of emergency; hence I sent the men and went myself to see that they were placed under the proper officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES PARK,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Eighth District of Indiana.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, NORTHERN DIVISION, STATE OF NEW YORK,

Albany, August 26, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a recapitulation of the enrollment of the Fourteenth District, and to request that an order for the draft in this district may be sent to this office at once.

It perhaps is proper to call the attention of the department to the fact that the public of this city entertain the idea that in the computation of the quota of the district an allowance will be made for the men who have enlisted since the passage of the enrollment act and up to the time of the computation of the quota. I have been absent for four days at Watertown, Malone, and Plattsburg, making preparations for the draft in the former place and in the two latter places investigating the charges of fraud in the matter of accepting disabled substitutes and drafted men, and did not learn of the prevalence of this idea until my return this morning, when the provost-marshal of this district, Captain Cole, informed me that some publication had been made in the papers of the city since my absence, referring to the fact that there would be probably no draft for Albany city, as the adjutant-general of the State had discovered that the city had more than supplied its quota by enlistment, &amp;c. I send herewith and advertisement taken from one of the Albany papers this evening, out of which the idea has probably arisen.

I also desire to state that for the execution of the draft here the presence of 1,000 troops and a section of artillery is needed. I shall apply for the same to Major-General Dix at the proper time, which shall be at the earliest moment possible.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &c.,

FREDK. TOWNSEND,

Major, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 28, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the Provost-Marshal-General. Major Townsend has been notified that the quota of the Fourteenth District will be computed and the order for that draft sent in a few days. The military force requested should therefore be sent by the time that the draft will commence.

HENRY E. MAYNADIER,

Captain, U. S. Army.

