
[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE NOTICE.

The towns, cities, and counties which claim credits upon the number of conscripts to be drawn from them on account of volunteers heretofore furnished should send the list of such volunteers to the executive chamber at once.

By order of the Governor.

OFFICE DEPUTY PROV. March FOR COSHOCTON COUNTY, OHIO,

Coshocton, August 26, 1863.

Captain JOHN A SINNET,

Provost-Marshal, Thirteenth District of Ohio:

DEAR SIR: On Sunday last I commenced the organization of a posse of citizens to assist me in capturing some drafted men (who had never reported) in Crawford Township this county. By Monday evening following I had the party completely organized; but a heavy rain-storm caused me to delay the expedition until Tuesday evening, when I started with about twenty picketed men, armed with revolvers only, some of which were of an indifferent character. I am greatly in need of arms. The nature of the country through which we had to pass and the locations of the men we sought to arrest made it necessary, as I thought, to divide the grand posse comitatus into two divisions, one of which I took to work on the main Bedford road, instructing the other to Major Morrison, to work on the road from Chili to Bedford.

My party searched the dwellings, barns, milk-houses, chicken- coops, &amp;c., on Bedford road, where we suspected deserters to be secreted, but failed to find any. They were out visiting that night or hid in the woods and caves.

Major Morrison and his party were more successful. The first barn they searched disclosed two men, Lewis Wens and John Sower, who gave battle most desperately. They sprang from their hiding places and got the first fire upon our men, killing Reuben Stafford almost instantly. Our boys then went in on their muscle, killing one man out-right (John Sower) and mortally wounding another (Lewis Wens).

Samuel Taylor, one of our men, was severely wounded by a pistol shot in the side. He will recover in a short time, it is thought by his physician.

Our boys fought nobly, and the conduct of the whole party throughout the entire expedition was of the most unexpectionable character, and but for the loss of Stafford and the wounding of Taylor I could be well satisfied with the expedition.

After the fight Major Morrison and party advanced to the town of Bedford to get a wagon to carry away the dead body of Stafford. At Bedford, through representations of friendly citizens, he was led to fear the deserters and their friends in that township would congregate (now that the ball had been opened) in sufficient force to overpower his small party, and he determined to form a junction with my party, which was expected about an hour before daybreak. The united party then took a vote whether to go to the battle-field and carry away the dead man (Stafford) or to return to Coshocon for re-enforcement. I am delighted to say that the former policy was

