
care being taken in the selection and organization to distribute them so as to be under the control of Union forces and sentiment. To this extent the rules of the Department are temporarily;y modified in your department.

WM. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.

STATE OF CONNECTICUT, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Norwich, August 29, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: The expedition fitted out nearly a year ago under Major-General Banks has resulted in benefit to the Southwest, yet it has not, as was anticipated, extended its power or influence so as to establish the authority of the United States over Texas, and I would unite with His Excellency Governor Andrew, and others, in calling your attention to the importance of fitting out an expedition, with as little delay as is practicable, and placing it under the command of an able officer who is well acquainted with the condition, character, and views of that people, to take military possession of the State.

It appears to me that a military occupation which promised permanence would be such a guarantee of protection to loyal citizens that they would not hesitate to come out boldly is support of the Government, and lead them to adopt measures which would soon relieve the State from the curse of slavery and bind it to perpetual freedom.

It would also have its influence in causing the rich and abundant agricultural productions of that State to be used for the benefit if loyal citizens.

I am, with high consideration, your obedient servant,

W. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 29, 1863.

N. B. BAKEr,

Adjutant-General of Iowa, Davenport:

Telegram yesterday received, and one same date to Secretary of War referred to me.

Experience has indicate that it is better to have a complete regiment mustered in before another is commenced, else recruiting is retarded.

Colonel Grier reports Eighth Cavalry not ready for muster. He has been instructed to muster it promptly when ready.

Credits will be given for all troops so soon as mustered into U. S. service and fact reported by U. S. mustering officer.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 29, 1863.

Major General CHARLES W. SANDFORD,

New York State Militia, New York City, N. Y.:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of war to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 22nd instant, in which you request that

