
by such official or authentic documents as may best substantiate the information and the recommendations it shall contain.

EDWIN M. STATES,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 67. Washington, March 17, 1863.

It is hereby ordered, 1. That Colonel James B. Fry, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Army, be, and he is hereby, detailed as Provost-Marshal-General of the United States, in pursuance of section 5 of the act approved March 3, 1863, "for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for other purposes." He is accordingly authorized and required to perform all the duties of Provost-Marshal-General set forth in the said act, and such other duties as may properly pertain to his office. All communications relating to the business of provost-marshals and the provisions of the act of Congress aforesaid will be addressed to him.

2. That all appointments which have been heretofore made of provost-marshals are hereby revoked.

By order of the Secretary of Wa:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS STATE OF NEW YORK, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Albany, March 17, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: The First Division, National Guard of the State of New York, comprising 7,000 efficient, well-organized and equipped men, are located in and around the city of New York. Upon this organization the city must mainly depend when threatened by an enemy, and will form a valuable auxiliary force if attacked. To this end it is essential that this body of men should be instructed in the use of sea-coast guns and to the general detail and discipline incident to garrisons and forts. To accomplish so desirable an objected, it is proposed to place in the forts defending New York Harbor, on the 1st day of may next, 2,00 men, and continuing through the months of May, June, July, August, and September, changing monthly. On the 1st day of May this number can be in readiness, with arms, accouterments, and blankets complete, whose names will be recorded upon muster-rolls in the usual form and then turned over to Major-General Wool, with an understanding that these troops are to serve one month in the fortifications and garrisons as common soldiers. If the usual monthly pay cannot be allowed, let such rations be issued as are furnished to the U. S. troops. Upon the expiration of the month another 2,000 will be in readiness, and so continue until this entire force has gone through a course of instruction. Citizens of large mercantile, commercial, and mechanical interests offer the services of men in their employ gratuitously to perfect a plan so desirable in making the citizens of New York feel that in time if danger their well-instructed troops and the skillful use of artillery in fortifications are the protectors of their homes and their property. I am

