
fast as I can get the negroes they will be enrolled. The first object was to fill up the old regiments, much reduced by deaths, losses in battle, and desertions. A regiment of artillery and one of infantry are about full at natchez. Lieb's infantry regiment will be changed to artillery and filled to the maximum for the works at this place. Recruiting officers are with the expedition sent from Doodrich's landing to organize a cavalry regiment to be mounted on mules. A second will then be authorized, also two batteries of artillery. I should state that the negroes have been driven back many miles on both sides of the Mississippi River and I can only get at them as expeditions are sent out. General Grant is desirous of an interview with General Banks, to see if he can by any operations from this point aid General Banks in his contemplated movement. I shall also go to New Orleans to arrange for the organization of the negroes to be secured by the troops. We shall leave this afternoon. I wish to get everything working well on the river before I pay General Rosecrans a visit. Generals Hawkins and Kiernan have both reported and are on duty. The health of the former is entirely restored. Please report me to the Secretary of War.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

PRIVATE.] SAINT NICHOLAS, N. Y., August 31, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: From all I can see and hear at the North and from the hopeless state of the rebels I am fully convinced you will shortly be overwhelmed with the cry for "The Union as it was, and the Constitution as it is." Slavery will thus be fixed on us forever, and all our blood and treasure will have been expended in vain. Cannot this be prevented by a general arming of the negroes and a general destruction of all the property of the slaveholders, thus making it their interest to get rid of slavery?

Let me take the men you can spare from this city, land at Brunswick, Ga., march through the heart of Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi to new Orleans, arming all the negroes and burning the house and other property of every slaveholder. A passage of this kind would create such a commotion among the negroes that they themselves could be left to do the rest of thaw work. I am a firm believer in the maxim that 'Slaveholders have no rights a negro is bound to respect."

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 31, 1863.

GOVERNOR STATE OF ILLINOIS:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith an exhibit showing the number of troops furnished by your State to Include June 11, 1863, the date of the exhibit.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

