
marriage), attacked it as a conscription, as unconstitutional, &amp;c., very much as Seymour is doing now. There is this difference - Judge Miller was resisting a legislative proposition in legitimate debate, whereas Seymour is resisting the law of the land.

Everything is getting on quietly, and the prospect is favorable.

I am, dear general, sincerely yours,

JOHN A. DIX.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 3, 1863.

Will Colonel Townsend and Colonel Fry give me as much of the information asked for as they can?

H. W. HALLECK.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 1, 1863.

Colonel FRY,

Prov. March General, 1606 Walnut Street, Philadelphia:

It is desired in Pennsylvania to have the boards sit in the several counties to hear exemptions. The remoteness of places and the absence of transportation make it desirable that this should be done, unless there is some controlling obstacle. Please consider the matter, and if possible make an order to that effect. At all events let me know your views and conclusion.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

PHILADELPHIA, PA., September 1, 1863.

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

There are arguments for and against boards moving from county to country for the purpose of draft. I have considered the arguments against such a course as the strongest. By moving the boards the business cannot be conducted with so much system; the boards will be much less under control. The men held to service must be furloughed, to report at some future time at some designated place, and this place would have to be finally the district headquarters, because nearly all the men we get are substitutes, and they could only be received by the Board at headquarters, where they could be at once put in uniform, and where there is a guard to hold them and means of forwarding them promptly to the general rendezvous. I don"t think it will result in good, but I think it may be best to try it in those districts in Pennsylvania where it has been specially asked, and thus test the matter practically. Until it is thus tested no general order should be made. I dispatch Colonel Ruggles, in my office to grant the authority to such districts in Pennsylvania as askease send him any papers you may have making the request for this permission? I will see Mr. J. R. Fry about raising the regiment.

J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., September 1, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the present condition of the Corps d"Afrique under my command.

