
There are twenty regiments of infantry organized according to orders from department headquarters, and nearly all filled to the required numbers, which can be fully completed during the present week. There are in addition to the above four regiments of engineers organized, three of which are full and the remaining one can probably be filled within the next ten days. I would respectfully recommend that the twenty regiments of infantry be organized into division and brigades as soon as practicable, and would suggest two division, each of two brigades, and each brigade of five regiments. The engineer regiments to constitute a separate brigade.

From the facility with which these regiments have been raised, I see no obstacle to raising within three months from six to ten additional infantry regiments to form a third division. In fact, I have already applications from some of those engaged in raising the present regiments to be authorized to raise additional ones. Any movement of these forces in this department will greatly facilitate recruiting. A cavalry regiment has been commenced, which it is proposed to fill with picked men, selected from those accustomed to riding on horse-back and to the care of horses; they should also be active, robust men. From their knowledge of the country it is thought that such a body of men, well officered, cannot fail to be of great service.

The progress made in drill and in the proper performance of camp duties by the regiments stationed at Port Hudson has been very satisfactory. As to the camps of the colored regiments at that post, for regularity, cleanliness, and neat appearance I do not fear comparison with the camps of any other troops, regulars or volunteers, in the U. S.service. It is very desirable that the corps organization should be completed as speedily as practicable.

With so large a number of new troops to instruct and discipline with new officers, the full staff allowed to a corps commander is indispensable, and in the present state of the Corps d"Afrique as well as of the other army corps in the department, it is impossible to obtain competent officers by details.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. I. ANDREWS,

Brigadier General of Volunteers, Commanding Corps d"Afrique.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, September 1, 1863.

GOVERNOR STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith an exhibit showing the number of troops furnished by your State to include June 3, 1863, the date of the exhibit.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

THREE-YEARS.

Due:

Quota under calls of 1861................................ 82,825

Quota under calls for 300,000 volunteers (July 2, 1862)... 45,321

------

128,146

-------

-

-------

-

