SPECIAL ORDERS, NEW ORLEANS, LA., No. 50. September 3, 1863.

All special powers heretofore accorded to Brigadier General Daniel Ullmann, U. S. Volunteers, by authority of the War Department are hereby revoked. He will report himself in his capacity as brigadier-general of volunteers to Major General N. P. Banks, U. S.

Volunteers, commanding Department of the Gulf.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, September 3, 1863.

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There are between 100 and 200 Irish Catholics who were conscripted into the rebel Army now in Camp Morton who desire to volunteer into the Thirty-fifth Irish Indiana Regiment. Colonel Mullen and Father Cooney, chaplain, are here and desire to take them back with them. Will you please suspend the recent order requiring their rolls to be sent to Washington and allow General Willcox to investigate the matter to facilitate the business? Governor Morton is absent.

W. R. HOLLOWAY,

Governor's Private Secretary.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 4, 1863.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Having under instructions of the 28th ultimo visited the Army of the Potomac, you will proceed to make the further inspections prescribed by these instructions. You will visit the principal armies in the field and the principal depots of supplies in the Middle States, and in the South and Southwest so far as time will permit, aiming to return to this city in season to prepare the annual report of your department. If possible, it is desired that your tour should extend to the Army of the Cumberland and to the depots at Memephis and Vicksburg. On the way the depots on the Susquehanna and Ohio and that at Saint Louis should be visited. All commanding officers will, upon presentation of this order, or of an official copy thereof, afford you every facility in their power to inspect the condition of the department of which you have charge, and the condition of the equipment and outfit of the troops in quarters, tents, clothing, baggage, ammunition, and ambulance wagons, animals, and other supplies furnished by the Quartermaster's Department. The troops should be visited in their camps and portions of them reviewed and inspected on parade. You will report from time to time the result of your observations, and will give such orders in relation to the Quartermaster's Department as you find necessary for the correction of abuses and eros and for promoting efficiency and economy in its operations. Your attention is particularly directed to the subject of steam-boat navigation on the Ohio and Mississippi. You will keep this office informed by telegraph of your address.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Acting Secretary of War.

