
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., September 4, 1863.

Major J. W. T. GARDINER,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for Maine, Augusta, Me.:

MAJOR: As soon as the day for commencing the draft in any district under your charge is determined you will at once, both by telegraph and mail, notify the Governor of the State thereof, in form as follows:

OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, ---, 1863.

His Excellency Governor of---:

You are notified that the draft will commence in the --- district, at ---, on the --- day of ---, 1863, at --- a.m. of said day. Please acknowledge receipt of this by telegraph and mail.

--- ---,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

You will also direct the provost-marshals under your charge to notify the Governor in the same manner and by the same form so soon as the day for commencing the draft in their respective districts shall have been definitely determined.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Same to other acting assistant provost-marshal-general throughout the country.)

CAMBRIDGE, September 4, 1863.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

MY DEAR SIR: With a mind far from being at rest with itself I address you; and while you may think it gratuitous, perhaps, I feel that I have a right, as one that has labored hard and endured much to sustain our glorious Union, to address you as the Executive head of the Government, and especially do I feel freedom, knowing that I have honestly and ardently given you my feeble aid in discharge of your ardous duties as President of the United States. To proceed, I assure you, my dear sir, I have but one object in view, viz, the welfare of our common country, your own, and that of the loyal State of Maryland; and that these may be subserved as best we can do it, it becomes my duty, as one connected temporarily with you for the time being, to keep you advised of all that may aid you in the fulfillment of the delicate task that has been imposed upon you. You, sir, are not only the civil commander of the Union, but Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, upon which so much depends, and upon which, in conjunction with yourself, hang the destiny of our great country. True, sir, the State of Maryland is but an integral part of the United States, and yet her course has contributed much to the strength and support of the Union as it is; and at this juncture, the rebellion far from being overcome, we feel as if all that can be done to sustain the loyal people of this peculiarly situated State should be done; and as there excitement here growing out of the recruiting of colored troops, and as some of the recruiting officers are acting rather indiscreetly, I fear, by taking slaves in their recruits, and the slaves of loyal as well as disloyal persons, and at a season when your farmers require a greater amount of labor than at

