
any other period, fodder saving, wheat seeding, and corn gathering now at hand, the fear of losing their slaves suddenly and of losing their crops, and the prejudice created by the enemies of the Government against your Administration as an abolition Administration, and this directly preceding our State election, is creating much difficulty here. No objection is made to the using negroes in the Army; it is only to the means used to recruit, as far as I can learn. Colonel Birney has stated to some of our friends in Talbot, the adjoining county to us, that he is to come over to our shore shortly with some colored companies in uniform, &amp;c., to establish his headquarters for recruiting; and that he is to enlist slaves as well as free people is creating a great deal of anxiety among the people. A deputation of good and respectable Union men of Talbot County came over to see me to- day, and are much troubled at the course things are taking, and say it will operate against us if persisted in. I say these were Union men because I know them to be so. They represent that quite a number of slaves was taken from Miles River Ferry in that county a few days since and their owners protesting against it Captain Lowndes had his negroes returned to him, whilst others were disregarded in their claims; and no one has faith in the loyalty of Lowndes.

Major Kramer was the officer that took these slaves away, as these gentlemen inform me. I do and have believed that we ought to use the colored people, after the rebels commenced to use them against us. What I desire now is that, if you can consistently do so, you will stop the array of the uniformed and armed negroes here, let the recruiting go on as it is, and all will be well. There is no necessity for the troops in uniform, &c., coming to our shores, as we are encouraging the enlistment of colored troops here and are succeeding well.

Very truly, your obedient servant, &c.,

THOS. H. HICKS.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 4, 1863.

Major THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 31st ultimo, inclosing an exhibit showing the number of troops from this State to June 10, 1863. Upon comparing your exhibit with the muster-in rolls on file in this office I find inaccuracies, as per statement in red ink herewith inclosed* amounting in the aggregate to 5,093, for which I claim credit.

Very respectfully, yours,

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 300. Washington, September 5, 1863.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington City, September 4, 1863.

Ordered, That the executive order, dated November 21, 1862, prohibiting the exportation from the United States of arms, ammunition, or munitions of war, under which the commandants of departments were, by order of the Secretary

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

