
of War, dated May 13, 1863, directed to prohibit the purchase and sale for exportation from the United States of all horses and mules within their respective commands, and to take and appropriate to the use of the United States any horses, mules, and live-stock designated for exportation, be so far modified that any arms heretofore imported into the United States may be re-exported to the place of original shipment, and that any live- stock raised in any State ot Territory bounded by the Pacific Ocean may be exported from any port of such State or Territory.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 79. Washington, D. C., September 5, 1863.

The following-named officers are announced as on duty in this office, and are empowered to conduct, under direction of the Provost-Marshal-General, the ordinary correspondence connected with their respective branches of business, viz:

General and miscellaneous business.-Colonel George D. Ruggles, additional aide-de-camp and assistant adjutant-general; Captain Henry Stone, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers.

Disbursements, accounts, returns, &amp;c., under the enrollment act.- Major S. F. Chalfin, assistant adjutant-general, in charge; Captain H. B. Hendershott, Second Artillery, disbursing officer; Captain James McMillan, Second Infantry, disbursing officer; Captain H. C. Wood, Eleventh Infantry, disbursing officer; Captain Samuel B. Lawrence, Sixteenth Infantry, disbursing officer; Captain F. H. Barroll, Second Infantry, disbursing officer.

Enrollment, &c.-Captain Henry E. Maynadier, Tenth Infantry.

Deserters, description lists,&c.-Captain William R. Pease, U. S. Army.

Invalid Corps.-Colonel Richard H. Rush, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Accounts of disbursing officers under appropriation for collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers.-Major Chauncey McKeever, assistant adjutant-general.

All official communications for this Bureau must be addressed to the Provost-Marshal-General. The envelopes should be marked "Official business," and should show to which branch the communication relates by being marked "Disbursements under enrollment act," "Enrollment," "Deserters," "Invalid Corps," or otherwise, as the case may be.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., September 5, 1863.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I accompanied General Grant to this place and have here had an opportunity of looking into the organization of the colored troops. The system adopted here was to organize the blacks into regiments of 500 men, that they might be well set up as soldiers before receiving

49 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

