
raw recruits. I found twenty regiments of infantry and four of engineers organized on this plan, numbering in the aggregate 12,000. General Ullmann's brigade of five regiments is included in this number. The engineer troops are designed to work on fortifications, but are armed with muskets. As the men have attained a good degree of efficiency in drill and discipline, I have directed that they be filled up to the maximum and that no additional regiments be made until this is done. I calculate on getting the required number in Texas by the operations of General Banks. This will give in the Department of the Gulf 25,000 men. As General Ullmann's regiments will receive recruits like the others, I have revoked by Special Orders, No. 50 (herewith inclosed*), all his special powers, and directed him to report to General Banks as a brigadier-general. This meets the views of General Banks.

At Natchez two full regiments, one of artillery, the other of infantry, have been formed. On my way up the river I will give orders for the organization of others.

The superintendent of contrabands is now inspecting the several camps containing the women and children, and as soon as I can confer with him will report fully concerning them. All the superior officers with whom I have consulted agree that they should be made to do such work as is suitable to their sex and age, and with this view I will hire them to Union planters to gather the crops.

General Grant yesterday, in returning from a review of the Thirteenth Army Corps, met with an accident which will detain us two or three days. His horse was restive, and a carryall passing at the moment struck the horse in the shoulder. The general maintained his seat in the saddle, but the horse fell with violence on him, injuring the muscles of the right leg from the knee to the hip. Fortunately no bones were injured.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, September 5, 1863.

GOVERNOR STATE OF MAINE:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith an exhibit showing the number of troops furnished by your State to include May 26, 1863, the date of the exhibit.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

THREE-YEARS.

Due:

Quota under calls of 1861............................... 17,560

Quota under call for 300,000 volunteers, July 2, 1862.... 9,609

------

27,169

------

------

---------------

*See p.766.

---------------

