
district headquarters are immediately directed where to report; that they are properly cared for; that they are promptly and fairly examined by the Board; that immediately thereafter, if not exempted, their names be entered on descriptive rolls of drafted men; that they be at once placed in uniform and furnished with the articles prescribed in paragraph 4, Circular No. 11, from this office, and that as soon as this is done they be sent forward to the general rendezvous in squads of convenient size. You will see that clothing, knapsacks, haversacks, canteens, blankets, knives, forks, spoons, tin cups, and tin plates are provided and on hand at the headquarters of each district in advance of the draft.

If any drafted men, after having been notified to appear at the designated time and place, fail to do so, you will see that they are at once arrested and brought to the district headquarters as deserters.

If any surgeons report to you to aid in the examination of drafted men, you will see that they proceed from district to district whenever and wherever their services may be most required. By their assistance the examination of two men can be carrie Board of Enrollment.

You will see that the regulations in regard to these and all other points touching the draft are observed, and you will take pains by every emergencies of this special service.

Please acknowledge the receipt of this letter.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Similar letter sent September 25 to Lieutenant-Colonel Hill, inclosing letters to the boards of enrollment of the six districts of the State of Michigan, directing that a draft be made on those districts for 1,235, 1,198, 1,076, 1,022, 1,105 men, respectively, of the first class; October 8 to Major Jeffries, inclosing letters to the Boards of Enrollment of the First, Second, and Third Districts of the State of Maryland directing that a draft be made on those districts for 2,787, 2,298, and 2,933 men, respectively, of the first class.)

MEMORANDUM.] ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 7, 1863.

Men who have been detailed to serve permanently in a battery of field artillery be permitted to re-enlist into that battery if they come under the provisions of General Orders, Nos.191 and 216, of 1863, from this office; but all other men in service who desire to re-enlist under said orders must do so in the regiments or batteries to which they belong, and no other exception will be made.

SEPTEMBER 25, 1863.

With the view of filling the volunteer batteries in the Army of the Potomac, the commanding general is hereby authorized by the General-in-Chief to select men from the volunteer infantry regiments and drafted forces, assigned to regiments of your command, and permanently transfer them to the batteries.

In exercising this authority the consent of the men must be obtained in all cases.

