
the matter of previous calls and taking the numbers furnished by the State furnishing the least number of men in proportion to population as a minimum basis, give the States credit for so much as they may have exceeded that number, and draft accordingly.

Under this system there would be a reasonable approach to equality, while under the one thus far pursued, so far as I am able to understand it, States which have furnished an excess can get only a very small credit for that excess, and, to answer the demands of Government, must in reality divide among them and make up for the deficiency of other States.

Yours, respectfully,

EDWARD SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

[Inclosure.]

STATE OF WISCONSIN, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Madison, September 7, 1863.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

SIR: Your communication of the 2nd instant, inclosing statement of volunteers and drafted men furnished by this State to July 1, 1863, is received.

The figures given in this statement differ considerably from the numbers as drawn from the original rolls, filed in the office of the adjutant-general of this State, and do not give us credit for two or three organizations regularly mustered. Nor do they give us credit at all for about 800 men furnished as substitutes for drafted men, but mustered by U. S.mustering officers into the old regiments for three years. The detailed statement and explanations for this claim will be forwarded from the adjutant- general's office direct to you.

Very respectfully,

EDWARD SALOMON,

Governor.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 304. Washington, September 10, 1863.

I. So much of General Orders, No. 173, War Department, 1863, as authorizes the transfer of commissioned officers (disabled in service) from active regiments to the Invalid Corps, by corps commanders, is rescinded.

II. Regimental officers, unfit for active service, who desire to enter the Invalid Corps, must, in all cases, make application for appointment. This application must be addressed to the Provost- Marshal-General; must contain a full military history of the applicant, and should be accompanied by a surgeon's certificate stating the nature and degree of disability, and that he is fit for service in the Invalid Corps; and recommendations, of a positive character, from at least three officers of rank under whom he has served, as to his military qualifications and fitness for the position.

III. Officers who have heretofore been transferee on invalid rolls, and who have not yet received their appointments from the Secretary of War, must make application in accordance with the provisions of this order.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

