HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Cincinnati, Ohio, March 20, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith for the information of the War Department copies of General Orders, Nos. 20 and 22, from these headquarters, prohibiting sales of arms and munitions of war except under certain restrictions.

In reference to this subject it may be proper to state that the information received at these headquarters showed conclusively that a large traffic was being carried in arms, &amp;c., which were designed for disloyal purposes in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Kentucky, in resisting arrest of deserters, enforcement of the conscript act, and any other resistance to the Government authorities which might be decided upon by the disaffected.

As connected with the same matter, I inclose copy of communication to His Honor Mayor Hatch and of his reply thereto, in which he expresses his willingness to co-operate with the military authorities in the enforcement of the order.

I have also the honor to report that the arms in the possession of Mayor Hatch were immediately taken possession of as directed in your dispatch of the 14th instant, and that they are were promptly delivered over on demand.

Other arms belonging to the Government have been collected as their whereabouts cloud be ascertained ever since I came into the command. They were so irregularly issued that it has been almost impossible to get any trace of the persons receiving them or of those in whose hands they now are.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Cincinnati, Ohio,. March 16, 1863.

His Honor GEORGE HATCH,

Mayor of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, Ohio:

SIR: As instructed by the commanding general of this department, I have the honor to inclose herewith for your information a copy of General Orders, Numbers 20, of the 14th instant from these headquarters prohibiting the sale of arms, powder, lead, and percussion caps in this city except upon permits granted by the military commander.

You are aware of the necessity for such an order, and it is requested that the police authorities of the city will co-operate with the military in the enforcement of the prohibition, that improper sales may be stopped, and any attempt to violate the order properly punished. Will you please furnish for the information of General Wright a statement of such instructions as you may give to the city police in this matter, that it may be perfectly understood to what extent the military commander of the city may, with your approval, instruct the police.

Colonel Eastman will be instructed to call and confer with you to the end that the civil and military authorities may co-operate harmoniously and successfully. An early answer is respectfully requested.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

