
to hospitals, whether general, field, division, or regimental, and will satisfy themselves, by rigid examination of accounts and expenditures, that the fund accruing from retained rations is judiciously applied, and not diverted from its proper purposes through the ignorance or inattention of medical officers, giving such information and instruction on this subject as may be required. They will also give close attention to the supervision of cooking by the medical officer, whose duty it is, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1863, and General Orders, No. 247, of 1863, to 'submit his suggestions for improving the cooking, in writing, to the commanding officer," and to accompany him in frequent inspections of the kitchens and messes.

They will exercise sound discrimination in reporting "an officer of the y age or otherwise, for promotion to a higher grade, or unfitted for the performance of his professional duties," and be prepared to submit evidence of its correctness to the medical board, by whom the charge will be investigated.

Medical inspectors are also charged with the duty of designating to the surgeon in charge of general hospitals and convalescent camps all soldiers who are in their opinion fit subjects for discharge on surgeons" certificate of disability, or sufficiently recovered to be able for duty. In all such cases they will direct the surgeon to discharge from service, in accordance with existing orders and regulations, or return to duty those so designated.

Official communications to the Medical Inspector-General will be directed to the Surgeon-General U. S. Army, and plainly addressed on the left-hand lower corner of envelope, "For the Medical Inspector-General," the name and title of the writer being written under the words, "Official Business."

It is expected that all commanding officers will afford every facility to medical inspectors in the execution of their important duties, giving such orders as may be necessary to carry into effect their suggestions and recommendations; and it is enjoined upon all medical officers and others connected with the Medical Department of the U. S. Army to yield prompt compliance with the instructions they may receive from medical inspectors on duty in the army, department, or district in which they are serving, on all matters relating to the sanitary condition of the troops, and of the hygiene, police, discipline, and efficiency of hospitals.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., September 12, 1863.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I am directed to instruct you that all rebel deserters who have been drafted the U. S.service will be sent to Camp Chase, Ohio, to be distributed among regiments serving in the Department of the Northwest.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

