
month's pay in advance, $13; first installment of bounty, $25; premium, $2. Total pay before leaving general rendezvous, $40.

2. At the first regular pay-pay, or two months after muster-in, and additional installment of bounty will be paid, $50, making pay and bounty then received $76.

3. At the first regular pay-day after six months" service he shall be paid an additional installment of bounty, $50.

4. At the first regular pay-day at the end of the first year's service an additional installment of bounty will be paid, $50.

5. At the first regular pay-day after eighteen months" service an additional installment of bounty will be paid, $50.

6. At the first regular pay-day after two years" service an additional installment of bounty will be paid, $50.

7. At the first regular pay-day after two and one-half years" service an additional installment of bounty will be paid, $50.

8. At the expiration of three years" service the remainder of the bounty will be paid, $75.

II. To all other men accepted and enlisted as herein required, one month's pay in advance, and in addition a bounty and premium amounting to $302 shall be paid, as follows:

1. Before leaving the State the men accepted under this authority will be paid one month's pay in advance, $13; first installment of bounty, $25; premium, $2. Total pay before leaving the State, $40.

2. At the first regular pay-day, or two months after muster-in, an additional installment of bounty will be paid, $40.

3. At the first regular pay-day after six months" service he shall be paid an additional installment of bounty, $40.

4. At the first regular pay-day after the end of the first year's service an additional installment of bounty will be paid, $40.

5. At the first regular pay-day after eighteen months" service an additional installment of bounty will be paid, $40.

6. At the first regular pay-day after two years" service an additional installment of bounty will be paid, $40.

7. At the first regular pay-day after two and one-half years" service an additional installment of bounty will be paid, $40.

8. At the expiration of three years" service the remainder of the bounty will be paid, $35.

If the Government shall not require these troops for the full period of three years, and they shall be mustered honorably out of the service before the expiration of their term of enlistment, they shall receive, upon being mustered out, the whole amount of bounty remaining unpaid, the same as if the full term had been served. The legal heirs of substitutes who die in service shall be entitled to receive the whole bounty remaining unpaid at the time of the soldier's death.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, September 14, 1863.

Hon. E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to communicate for your information a copy of a letter of the 23rd ultimo, addressed to this Department by Henry Connelly, esq., the Governor of the Territory of New Mexico.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

