
[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Sante Fe, N. Mex., August 23, 1863.

Hon. WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: There is nothing of importance transpiring within the immediate limits of our Territory, except the Navajo war, that would be worthy of your attention. This war is just beginning, and nothing yet has taken place that would indicate the success that may attend our arms.

There are now in the field against that tribe about twelve hundred men, well equipped and supplied, from whom much good is expected. The force is insufficient for the purpose of subjugation, but it is the most that General Carleton can spare from his scanty means for that part of the Territory. The remainder of the troops this side of the Jornada are stationed at Fort Craig, Pinos, and Albuquerque, on the Rio del Norte, and at Stanton, Union, and Garland, on the more eastern and northern frontiers, all of which are constantly in active service, pursuing small predatory bands of Indians that constantly infest the mountains and adjacent plains in search of property to carry off or lives to take.

The depredations daily committed are astonishing, and, although much of the stock is recaptured by the troops and citizens, it is seldom that an Indian is killed or captured. They keep near the mountains, and when closely pursued abandon the stock and take refuge on foot in the heights and recesses of that safe retreat.

The most interesting matter that now occupies the attention of our people, and wound create a fear of an almost entire depopulation of the laboring part of the community, is the discovery of very rich an fields (placers) in the Territory of Arizona, about 400 miles west and south from Albuquerque. The information derived from there by letters of credible persons was of such a nature as to induce General Clark, our surveyor- general, to visit that region and ascertain such facts in relation to the extent of the gold placers and the amount of yield as would enable our people to act knowingly before taking such steps as might lead to disappointment and suffering. He, General Clark, is expected to return during next month. There exists very little doubt as to the nature of his report, judging from letters of intelligent persons previously written from that remote and heretofore unexplored region. Should it be as supposed, there will be an immense emigration to these mines, not only from this Territory, but from our neighbor, Colorado, and from the States. This gold exists in a country entirely unpopulated, and has been for ages the haunt of the different bands of Apache Indians. They will doubtless make resistance to its occupancy by the miners, as they are now doing, and many lives will be lost unless a strong military force should be stationed around the mining district and regularly scour the country of all hostile Indians. At this time General Carleton has not a force sufficient for any such purpose, and, indeed, not for the purpose of chastising the Navajoes, with whom we are now at war. A regiment of mounted men in addition to the force already here is of the utmost importance. General Carleton has asked for such regiment, but I fear that it will not be granted.

The Republic of Mexico is now invaded by the troops of France, the capital taken, and, it would seem, an empire proclaimed, to be governed by a foreign prince. To this attempt on the part of France

