
RICHMOND, January 7, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I have just received the letter from Colonel Imboden, although it was dated December 9,* and I forward it to you with its two enclosures in order that you may call upon the commander of the U. S. forces to prevent the savage atrocities which are threatened, if he be disposed to enforce upon his subordinate due regard for the recognized usages of war, and to know his purpose in relation thereto. You will notify him that unless he promptly and satisfactorily responds, say within five days, measures will be taken retaliation to repress the indulgence of such brutal passions as are indicated in the inclosed orders of General R. H. Milroy.

Very respectfully and truly yours,

JEFF'S DAVIS.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., January 6, 1863.

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

I have just read with great pleasure your manly and patriotic message. You deserve not only the honor and respect of your great State, but also of every loyal and patriotic heart.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, Va., January 9, 1863.

Honorable Mr. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose some document illustrating the course of the Federal General Milroy toward a portion of the people of the district I represent, and respectfully invoke the attention of the Government to his high-handed outrages.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. BOTELER.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF OCCUPATION,Moorefield, Va., December 11, 1862.

TO THE CITIZENS OF MOOREFIELD:

I am ordered by the general commanding to levy on the citizens, as "a contribution of war and as a punishment for the aid given to Captain McDonald," three days" subsistence for our troops now stationed in this place. The requisition will be regularly made by Lieutenant McAdams, acting quartermaster, Tenth Regiment Virginia Volunteer Infantry, and equalized as nearly as possible to the ability of the citizens.

The requisition will be made to-morrow morning, and siwe hours will be given for voluntary response.

THOS. M. HARRIS,

Colonel Tenth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

---------------

* See Vol. II, this series, p. 943.

---------------

