
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 20. Cincinnati, Ohio, March 14, 1863.

Reliable information having been received that arms and ammunition have been purchased in this city for disloyal purposes, all sales of arms, powder, lead, and percussion caps are prohibited till further orders, except upon permits granted by the military commander of Cincinnati.

Any violation of this order will be followed by the confiscation of the goods sold and the seizure of the stock of the vendor; and the police authorities of the city are authorized and requested to co-operate with the military in the enforcement of this prohibitation.

By command of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] MAYOR'S OFFICE, March 18, 1863.

Major N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 16th instant, covering copy of General Orders, Numbers 20, of Major-General Wright, commanding Department of the Ohio, prohibiting the sale of arms and ammunition in this city.

As mayor of the city of Cincinnati I beg to submit, through you, to General Wright that the strict line of my duty does not extend to the enforcement of military orders, but is confined to the preservation of the peace, the execution of the laws of the State, and the enforcement of ordinances of the city; yet, I assure the general and the military commander of the city that, as head of the civil authority, I shall always cheerfully co- operate with the military authorities in any measure which may be deemed for the interest of the city, the welfare of our country, or necessary for the support of the Government of the United States. In view of the highly excited state of the public mind throughout the country, leading at times to serious apprehension of disorder, I think it of the utmost importance that a feeling of harmony should exist between the civil and military authorities, and shall use my greatest efforts to continue the present good feeling, and shall confidently rely upon the co- operation and assistance of the military force to sustain the civil power should occasion ever require me to have resort to such for the preservation of the peace of the city, a contingency which I am happy to say I do not now apprehend.

I inclose herewith a copy of an order to the police force of the city in reference to the enforcement of General Orders, Numbers 20, before referred to, and have the honor to be, with much respect,

Your obedient servant,

GEORGE HATCH,

Mayor.

