
Number of three-years" troops credited at the War Department to the

quotas of Maine to May 26, 1863................... 21,026

Number actually furnished to that date.......... 24,900

Which reduces deficiency alleged (6,143)to...... 2,269

Which is the deficiency, admitting the quotas of three-years" men to have amounted to 27,169, as alleged a the War Department.

Maine, however, actually furnished in 1861 1,869 men in excess of all calls (amounting to 14,800) made that year-which, credited to the deficiency on the call of July 2, 1862, leaves the actual deficiency on all calls for three-years" volunteers to be only 400.

The number of nine-months" troops shown in the exhibit from the War Department (7,585 does) not differ materially from the number actually furnished, though no company of sharpshooters was furnished by Maine for nine-months" service, as there stated.

No deficiency in the quotas of Maine Volunteers, apparent or otherwise, should be charged and exacted from maine, for these reasons, viz:

First. From the migratory character of the people of Maine many of her residents have enlisted in the volunteer organizations of the other States and were accounted to the quotas of these States. Maine has much larger proportion of this class of soldiers than any other State. Over 2,400 residents of Maine are known to have enlisted with volunteer organizations of other States, and doubtless the numbering is larger by one-third than has been reported. Early in June, 1861, two regiments of infantry more than were asked for by the General Government were raised and tendered for service for any period not exceeding three years, but the War Department refused to accept them, and consequently they were disbanded by the Governor. A large number of the members of these organizations immediately repaired t contiguous States and enlisted in regiments of those States which went into service.

Second. Maine has furnished from her extended sea-board to the U. S. Navy more than three times the number of seamen than has any other State. In many of our towns the entire able-bodied male population is engaged in sea-faring pursuits, and a large proportion of this population are sailors in our naval service. It is estimated that at least 6,000 citizens of Maine are in U. S. Navy.

Third. In 1861, on the quota of which year the Department represents a large deficiency, five more regiments were raised by the Governor of Maine than were required by many and all requisitions from the General Government. Two of these regiments were disbanded, as stated above, the others were mustered into U. S. service; but it was even decided by the Secretary of War to disband one of the regiments mustered in (the First Maine Cavalry), and it was only by the earnest request and petition of Governor Washburn, through the State agent, Honorable James G. Blaine, that the War Department was dissuaded from this this purpose and this gallant regiment saved to the service and credited to the quota of Maine.

This last, however, is not presented to influence in the reduction of an apparent deficiency in Maine's quota, except in connection with the other reasons before stated. For Maine, since the commencement of the rebellion, has given to the United States, in the Army and Navy more men, proportionately, than has any other State, though the number furnished for Maine volunteer organizations may not appear to be quite as large as the quota demanded; and Maine is still ready

