
be spared to accomplish the desired result, dispatched a special messenger to Washington with the following letter to the Secretary of War:

(Numbers 6.) CONCORD, July 14, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Honorable N. G. Ordway visits Washington at my request in relation to the subject of the equalization of the draft in this State.

This matter is of the utmost importance to us, and I trust may receive your immediate attention and favorable decision.

If the delinquent towns can be first called upon the draft, will proceed well, otherwise, the most patriotic towns will be punished for their earl patriotism, and the other towns will have a premium paid the for their delinquencies.

If the Government prefer, the provost-marshal may be instructed so far as possible, to apportion the quota, having regard to the numbers already furnished, and the data is in their hands from which to ascertain the proper apportionment.

this course will satisfy us and will take nothing from the proper apportionment. This course will satisfy us and will take nothing from the hands of the U. S. authorities.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. A. GILMORE.

And tow days later the Governor again called the attention of the Government to the matter, truthfully remarking that compliance with the equitable plan suggested would not "delay the draft a day."

(Numbers 7.) CONCORD, July 16, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

No answer received to my late letters relative to draft. Cannot our provost marshals be telegraphed to in apportioning the draft for this State to regard the quotas furnished by the town so far as practicable without delaying the draft?The evidence has been placed in their hands by our adjutant-general, and the apportionment can be made without delaying the draft a day. This question is of immense importance to the peaceful execution of the draft in our State. Answer immediately.

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor.

A last on the 17th the following telegram was received from the Secretary of War:

(Numbers 8.) WASHINGTON, D. C. July 17, 1863.

Governor GILMORE:

The act of Assembly of your State only reached here to-day. The question presented in your telegram and letter has been carefully considered.

It is absolutely impossible to make the apportionment by towns. The mere question of some day's delay is of no essential importance if the object could by accomplished. But it cannot. The apportionment of credit is made by congressional districts, according to the act of Congress.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

The Secretary here states that the apportionment cannot be made by towns; delay is of no essential importance, but the apportionment cannot be so made. Why it cannot be so made is not so clearly shown.

An act of Congress, it seems, specially provides for an "apportionment of credit" by Congressional districts.

