
[Sub-inclosure.]

MAYOR'S OFFICE,

Cincinnati, March 17, 1863.

L. M. HAZEN, Esq.,

Chief of Police:

Sir: you will directs the accompanying order two be read at roll- call at each police station.

By order of -

GEORGE HATCH,

Mayor.

C. S. BETTS,

Clerk.

MAYOR'S OFFICE,

City of Cincinnati, March 17, 1863.

The attention of the police force is directed to the following General Orders, Numbers 20, from Major-General Wright, commanding Department of the Ohio:*

The officers of the police are directed to promptly report to the chief of police any instances of violation, or suspected violation, of the foregoing orders which may come within their notice.

By order of the mayor:

C. S. BETTS,

Mayor's Clerk.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.] GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 22. Cincinnati, Ohio, March 19, 1863.

It having been ascertained that a large traffic in arms, powder, lead, and percussion caps is carried on at numerous points within the limits of this department for purposes and uses disloyal to the Government of the United States, the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 20, of the 14th instant, from these headquarters, prohibiting the sale of arms and munitions of war, are extended to embrace the limits of the department.

Permits to purchase may be obtained of the military commander of the city or town where the sale is made; or if there be no such military commander in te place, then of the military commander of the city or town nearest to the please where the sale is made, or of the commanding officer of a district within the department, upon the purchasers giving such security to the officer granting the permit as he shall deem sufficient that they will not sell, barter, give, or convey any such arms or munitions of war to any person disloyal to the Government of the United States, or to any person who will use such articles for purposes disloyal to the Government of the United States, or to any person from whom such articles shall pass into the possession of either of the above- mentioned classes.

Persons violating this order will be liable to arrest and trial and the forfeiture to the United States of any and all munitions of war in their possession.

The civil authorities and all loyal citizens are invited to aid the military authorities in carrying this order into effect.

By command of Major-General Wright:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

* See inclosure Numbers 2, p. 80.

---------------

6 R R - SERIES III, VOL III

