
that all towns should be allowed for excess of men furnished. Colonel Fry furnished me a statement in writing of the charge and it was forwarded you by mail.

N. G. ORDWAY.

(Numbers 15.) WASHINGTON, July 20, 1863.

Governor GILMORE:

We have succeeded in getting the towns allowed for excess of men furnished.

N. G. ORDWAY.

(Numbers 15.) WASHINGTON, July 20, 1863.

Governor GILMORE:

We have succeeded in getting the towns allowed for excess of men furnished.

N. G. ORDWAY.

So the matter rested for more than a month, no intimation whatever emanating from the Department that the assurances contained in Mr. Fry's letter of July 19 (Numbers 12.) founded upon the "mature consideration" and concurring decisions of the Secretary of War, the Provost-Marshal-General, and the Solicitor of the War Department, would not be held inviolate.

And all the doubts and queries suggested in the meantime by others founded upon rumors, that a similar policy had been repudiated elswehre by the Government were triumphantly answered by reference to the recorded promise contained in Mr. Fry's letter of July 19.

in the meantime the draft proceeded, with the emphatic assurance from the Governor all others concerned in the enforcement of the draft that the excess of names thus drawn should be erased; and in response to the numerous and repeated inquiries of town authorities and others concerning the manner in which the "apportionment of credit" was to be made and allowed, the following general notice was issued by the adjutant-general and published in all the newspapers of the State, thus giving official confirmation of the assurance made by the Governor upon the faith of the Provost-Marshall's letter of July 19:

STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Concord, August 19, 1865.

For the information of all interested it is hereby announced that the draft, is made according to the quotas assigned to the several or sub-districts, by the Provost-Marshal-General.

the district provost-marshals have nothing to do with the claims of the different towns for men heretofore furnished. But, when the Governor shall make it appear to the Provost-Marshal-General that particular towns have heretofore furnished a surplus of men over their quotas. "An order will be issued to fore furnished a surplus of men over their quotas, " An order will be issued discharging from the service of the United States a number of men called into service by the present draft from said equal to the surplus proved to have been furnished heretofore. Towns will thus get credit actually for their excess on former calls."

It is therefore necessary for such towns as claim to have furnished a surplus of men to present to he Governor satisfactory proof of such surplus having been actually furnished, and if this proof is presented in season the men may be discharged before leaving the State.

ANTHONY COLBY,

Adjutant-General.

While matter were thus progressing the Governor, referring to the promised credit for men already furnished as volunteers, made inquiry of the War Department whether, in apportioning such credit, a man sent for three years, under a call for men, to be furnished for nine months would be reckoned as four men.

(Numbers 16.) AUGUST 18, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In cases where towns have sent three-years" men into the U. S. service under a call for nine-months" men are they to have for them, reckoning

