
one three-years" man sent under a call for nine months equal to four nine-moths" men?

In my message, pages 13,14, and 15, which I sent, you by mail, I referred to this matter as I understood the War Department had decided. Answer as early as possible.

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor of New Hampshire.

And failing after the lapse of eight days, to receive any reply, the Governor on the 26th of August repeated his inquiry as follows:

(Numbers 17.) CONCORD, August 26, 1863.

Honorable E . M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Will you have the kindness to answer my dispatch of the 18th instant in regard to the manner of reckoning nine-months" men?

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor.

To which the following answer was returned:

(Numbers 18.) WASHINGTON, August 26, 1863.

Governor GILMORE:

Your dispatch of the 18th instant immediately upon reaching here was referred to the Provost-Marshal-General with directions to answer it and I supposed it was done. The direction has been repeated, and the answer will be forwarded without delay.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

And on the same day the favorable result of this inquiry was furnished by the following communication:

(Numbers 19.) WAR DEPARTMENT, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., August 26, 1863.

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor of New Hampshire, Concord, N. H.:

Your dispatch of 18th instant was accidentally overlooked in my office. In making up the number of men furnished from the States the rule of the Adjutant-General of the Army was to bring all to the standard of three-years" men by considering that it required four nine-months" men to make the unit of one three-years" man.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

This incidental matter being regulated, and still no intimation of a change of views or purposes being given by the Department, the Governor proceeded to furnish the proof of the excess of men furnished by several towns, as will be seen by the following:

(Numbers 20.) AUGUST 29, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshall-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I herewith inclose a proof of the men furnished by the town of East Kingston, in the First Congressional District in this State.

I therefore request that an order be issued for the release of the surplus men, agreeably to your letter to me of the 19th of July last.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor.

