
(Numbers 21.) SEPTEMBER 4, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington D. C.:

Will you please return the proof of the men furnished by the town of East Kingston with your order to release the surplus men, agreeably to release the surplus men, agreeably too my letter to yo of the 29th ultimo.

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor.

(Numbers 22.) CONCORD, September 5, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I herewith inclose proof of volunteers furnished by the towns of Rollinsford, Fremont, and Dover, First Congressional District, and Andover, Second District in this State. I therefore request that an order be issued for the release of the surplus men, agreeably to your letter to me of the 19th of July last.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor of New Hampshire.

But by due course of mail the following letter from the Provost- Marshal-General:

(Numbers 23.) WAR DEPARTMENT, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., September 5, 1863.

His Excellency J. A. GILMORE,

Governor of New Hampshire, Concord, N. H.:

SIR: Your letter of the 29th ultimo and your dispatch of the 4th instant have been received. The subject of giving credit to towns for men furnished in excess of their quotas upon previous calls has been most carefully considered.

The proposition contained in my letter to Governor Andrew was made to relieve a case of local hardship, and without any intention of making it general, or supposing that it would be so considered. The numerous applications made by various towns and other small organizations soon satisfied me that it would be difficulty, if not impossible, to find any principle of adjustment which would apply to all or to any great number of cases. I was under the impression that the scheme devised and suggested to Governor Seymour and others would be of some practical effect, which was to ascertain the names claimed to have been furnished and compare them with the muster-rolls on file in the War Department.

In one or two instances where this has been attempted it is found to be a very extensive labor, and no adequate results have been arrived at, and the time which would be taken up with the claims of all who choose to make them would cause so much delay as to defeat the object in view, and also interfere seriously with other important business.

An earnest and faithful effort has been made to carry out the plan but the very effort has brought out so many difficulties and complications which I did not foresee, and developed so many obstacles which cannot be overcome, that i am at last compelled to abandon the idea. I wrote to Governor Andrew under the impression that the matter, was one affecting only a limited section, and which could be quickly attended to but it has so much increased that now, even if the claims of towns could all be adjusted and granted, it would almost neutralize the effects of the draft, and to raise men enough from the few towns which admit a defence would be impossible.

While I thus frankly admit my inability to do what I contemplated, and give my reasons for it, I can at least ask and hope for acquiescence in a decision which has become unavoidable. The previous action of towns and counties in excess show that they possess a patriotic sense of the necessity, the absolute necessity, of pressing to a victorious conclusion the war-upon which we stand or fall as a nation-and of providing men and means for the purpose. I therefore rely upon their patriotism, their interest in a return of peace and prosperity, to abate a the honor which awaits them of being the winners, of the last victory.

