
the overplus of volunteers," when the same law of Congress is interpreted by Mr. Fry, in his letter of July 19, in such a way as to sanction the desired "principle of adjustment," and that, too, after "mature consideration" not only by the Provost- Marshal-General, but also by the Secretary of War and Solicitor of the War Department? May not the people of New Hampshire, who have responded as volunteers by multitudes in excess of the President's repeated calls, reasonably inquire by what" principle of adjustment" the people of Indiana and other States, who have done no better, are relieved from the draft? And if the answer that they have furnished an excess of volunteers greater than the quota now required of them by draft, and therefore they shall be wholly excused, does not the same principle of adjustment require that New Hampshire having furnished voluntarily a part of the quota now required, shall therefore be partially excused?

But as the matter now stands Mr. Fry's letter of September 5 furnishes the only reply to these questions.

And now, why do the people of New Hampshire complain and call so urgently and persistently upon the Executive for relief? None can doubt their loyalty or patriotism. We all perceive that they have never failed to do their duty in every crisis of this terrible and wicked rebellion-they will do it still; they will stand by the country and her flag and defend both, even to the last dollar and the last man. Having been tried, they have not yet been found wanting. They are ready to suffer more and still more if fate so ordains. They do not fail to recognize the necessity of pressing the war to a victorious conclusion. They are willing to abate not " a little their claims for previous generosity." But those communities which have been drained of their young men and their strong men, those whose sons have borne all the burden and heat of the whole long battle-day whilst others have stood all they day idle, cannot but feel wronged, if while the latter are only required to perform a reluctant duty, the generous towns having but little left, shall be deprived even of all the remnant of their strength and valor.

The people of this State are not captious nor querulous, but their intelligence supplies them with strong convictions of justice and equality, and their last respectful but urgent appeal to the Government for the performance of its plighted vows comes from the only when their dwellings are hung with mourning and their hearts are heavy with bereavement.

May I be permitted to advise that the whole subject be again submitted to the proper authorities at Washington with the expression of an earnest hope that it may receive the most careful reconsideration, and that the result may be such that a grateful people may not fail to recognize the wisdom, equity, and tender care of a protecting Government?

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. FOSTER.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 16, 1863.

His Excellency HORATIO SEYMOUR,

Governor of New York, Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that orders have this day been sent to the Board of Enrolment of the Eleventh District of New York,

