
directing that a draft be made on that district for 1,945 men of the first class.

I would respectfully invite your attention to the communication sent you from this Bureau on July 1, 1863, and request that the suggestions therein contained be carried our in this case.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 16, 1863.

Major GEORGE L. STEARNS,

Saint Cloud Hotel, Nashville, Tenn.:

I am directed by the President to answer the inquiries contained in your telegram of the 12th instant, as follows:

First. All men who enlist into the service of the United States During the present rebellion will, at the expiration of their term of service, be free.

Second. Under existing laws non-commissioned officers in colored regiments are not authorized to receive higher pay than privates, but at the next Congress they will no doubt be put upon the same footing as to pay as other non-commissioned officers.

Third. Slaves of loyal citizens may be enlisted into the service of the United States with their master's consent.

Fourth. If, in the judgment of the Military Governor of Tennessee and General Rosecrans, the necessities of the service require the enlistment by conscription or the voluntary enlistment of slaves of loyal citizens without their master's consent, they may be enlisted into the service of the United States, giving to the owners a descriptive list of the persons so enlisted, in order that they may receive compensation from the Government upon their delivery of emancipation papers, the compensation not to exceed the sum authorized by law as bounties for volunteer service. Slaves so enlisted will be free upon the expiration of their term of service.

You will acknowledge the receipt of this telegram and communicate a copy of it to General Rosecrans and Governor Johnson.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NASHVILLE, September 16, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

If I take all the able-bodied colored men willing to enlist I can get large numbers. Governor Johnson objects, and will telegraph you.

GEO. L. STEARNS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 16, 1863.

Major GEORGE L. STEARNS,

Nashville:

If you have received my telegram of this date in reply to yours of the 12th, acknowledge it. You will not act contrary to the wishes of

