
The force will be organized in accordance with the rules governing the volunteer infantry in the U. S. service, and will be regularly mustered into service by the U. S. mustering officer for the State.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, September 17, 1863.

The PRESIDENT:

The U. S. judge and severely State judges here have already practically observed your bold and wise proclamation.

Mr. Evarts writes me his approval from his country place at Windsor, Vt.

E. DELAFIELD SMITH.

PHILADELPHIA, PA., September 17, 1863.

(Received 4.25 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The judge fully sustained the President's proclamation in court to-day. I am confident his course will be free from objection.

GEO. CADWALADER,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 17, 1863.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I have just received your letter,* which gives me pleasure and encouragement. It reminds me of calling your attention while in Washington to the fourth section of the Constitution, and the propriety under that section of authorizing the military government to exercise all power, necessary and proper to secure to the people of Tennessee a republican form of government. You will perhaps remember that I showed you a paper, which was draw up, containing the whole proposition, which you indorsed and referred to the Secretary of War. Such authority emanating from the President under the clause above referred to, would exert much influence on the public mind here. I desire it direct from the President. I have taken decided ground for emancipation-for immediate emancipation, from gradual emancipation. Now is the time for settlement of the question. Hence I am for immediate emancipation.

A. JOHNSON,

Military Governor.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 17, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have made the acquaintance, &c., of Major Stearns, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, who is here with authority to raise negro troops in the Department of the Cumberland. We have been taking steps in that direction, and have organized the men with a double purpose-first, to employ them on the Government works where

---------------

*Of September 11, p. 789.

---------------

