
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 18, 1863.

His Excellency HORATIO SEYMOUR,

Governor of New York, Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that orders have this day been sent to the Board of Enrollment of the Tenth District of New York, directing that a draft be made on that district for 2,270 men of the first class. I would respectfully invite your attention to the communication sent you from this Bureau on July 1, 1863, and request that the suggestions contained therein be carried out in this case.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

COLUMBUS, September 18, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have received the authority to raise additional volunteers, and am of the opinion that the liberal bounties offered will enable to me do a great work. Shall confine my efforts mainly to filling up old regiments. Under authority given by order of the 17th ultimo I am raising a cavalry regiment. Please order that the extra bounties be given the organization.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

THE STATE OF OHIO, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, September 18, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: The generous bounties now offered by the Government to recruit will, I doubt not, greatly stimulate recruiting, but without the order I am about to ask for I fear the old regiments now in the field will be but little benefited by it. To insure success in recruiting the officer engaged in the work must have his commission to earn. This not only stimulates him, but it also enlists his friends in the work.

I have therefore to recommend that you authorize the several commanders of regiments, battalions, and batteries, to detail and send home, for the purpose of recruiting, such officers and men as are worthily of promotion, with orders to report to me for recruiting commissions, and I doubt not we can promptly raise all the additional force you desire from Ohio.

Anxious as I am to save the existence of every Ohio regiment now in the field until the war is over, and entertaining the opinion for some time past that the mode now recommended for filling them up was the best that could be adopted, I have abstained as much as possible from filling vacancies that from time to time occurred, so that I have now more or less vacancies in almost every regiment, the total number amounting to more than 400.

* * * *

Very respectfully, yours,

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

