
EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., September 18, 1863.

Honorable ANDREW JOHNSON,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Dispatch of yesterday just received. I shall try to find the paper you mention and carefully consider it. In the meantime let me urge that you do your utmost to get every man you can, black and white, under arms at the very earliest moment, to guard roads, brigades, and trains, allowing all the better trained soldiers to go forward to Rosecrans. Of course I mean for you toast in co-operation with and not independently of the military authorities.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 18, 1863.

Brigadier General ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor, Nashville:

Your telegram just received. Major Stearms was sent to Nashville to aid in the organization of colored troops under your directions and the directions of General Rosecrans. To prevent any possible misunderstanding he was directed to report to you and the commanding general. He is, while in your State, your subordinate, bound to follow your directions, and may be relieved by you whenever his action is deemed by you prejudicial. Upon your judgment in matter relating to the State of which you are Governor, the Department relies in respect to whatever relaters to the people, whether white or black, bond or free. No officers of colored troops will be appointed but in accordance with your views as the Chief State Executive. If Major Stearns can be of no aid, and his presence is obnoxious, he will of course be removed, whether relieved by your or not.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 1618, 1863 .

Major STEARNS,

Nashville:

If any difference of opinion exists or shall between Governor Johnson and yourself respecting the organization and employment of colored men in the State of Tennessee, he being the State Executive, you will conform you action to his views. All dissension is to be avoided, and if there is any want of harmony between you you had better leave Nashville and proceed to Cairo to await orders, reporting by telegraphed your department from Nashville and your arrival at Cairo.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 18, 1863.

Major-General FOSTER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina, Fort Monroe:

GENERAL: I have respectfully to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2nd instant to the Secretary of War in reference to

