
raising a regiment of loyal Virginia troops in your department. in reply I am directed to inform you that this is authority for you to recruit a regiment, if after consideration you are convinced the undertaking will be successful. All enlistments must be for three years or during the war, and the troops will be liable to serve wherever ordered. The organization and all musters into service must conform to established regulations. The Department has already made one attempt to recruit a regiment of loyal Virginians in the eastern part of the State, and after enlisting some 700 men Major-General Heintzelman recommended the disbanding of the organization on account of the number of desertions and the worthless character of the force. The result of this attempt would tend to show that norther to raise a like force might not be fruitful. If with all the facts before you you concluded to attempt the recruitment, please report the fact to the Department, when a numerical designation for the regiment will be given and arrangements will be made to appoint the officers.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 19, 1863.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

You are authorized to release the 200 Catholic Confederates mentioned in your telegram and the colonel of the Thirty-fifth Indiana is authorized to enlist and muster them into his regiment, but without premium, advance pay, or bounty.

The commandant of Camp Morton on presentation of this telegram and your request will discharge them, making out a muster roll or descriptive list and returning it to the Commissary-General of Prisoners.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 19, 1863.

Governor BRAMLETTE,

Frankfort, Ky.:

Your telegram of yesterday just received. You are authorized to re-enlist the Eighth Kentucky Cavalry as a regiment of cavalry in the U. S. service for three years or during the war. Order will be given to the Ordnance Department to furnish the arms and equipments upon General Boyle's requisition as soon as the regiment is reported filled and organized.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

