
under such State government by the United States against invasion and domestic violence. All according to the fourth section of the fourth article of the Constitution of the United States.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., September 20, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have issued a call for four regiments of cavalry and eleven regiments of infantry, being one regiment of infantry for each Congressional district, and have every prospect of raising them speedily. Upon consultation with officers of much experience in recruiting, and in view of the early approach of winter, I respectfully suggest that the amount of bounty to be advanced, so far as Indiana is concerned, be in cread to $100. I am very sure the change will greatly facilitate the raising of the regiments. Please answer by telegraph.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

CIRCULAR, WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 88. Washington, D. C., September 21, 1863.

I. The attention of the members of boards of enrollment is called to paragraphs 86 (as amended), 93, 94, and 95 of the Regulations for the Government of the Bureau of the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States.

Any neglect or violation of the orders therein promulgated will result in the dismissal of the offender. The paragraphs referred to are as follows:

86 (as amended). No certificate of a physician or surgeon is to be received in support of any point in the claim of drafted men for exemption from military service unless the facts and statements therein set forth are affirmed or sworn to before a civil magistrate competent to administer oaths. Such certificate can in no manner relieve the surgeon of the Board, either from the duty devolved upon him by the fourteenth section of the enrollment act, carefully to inspect all drafted persons, or from the responsibility imposed upon him by the fifteenth section of the same law, to make " a faithful inspection and true report" in each case.

93. The examining surgeons will also remember that the object of the drafted men, in claiming exemption, may be escape from service by pretended, simulated, or fictitious diseases, or by exaggerating or aggravating those that really exist and that the design of substitutes frequently is to conceal disqualifying infirmities.

94. The examination by the examining surgeon is to be conducted in the day-time, in the presence of the Board of Enrollment, and in a room well lighted and sufficiently large for the drafted man to walk about and exercise his limbs, which he must be required to do briskly.

95. The man is to be examined stripped.

II. It is reported that in many cases able-bodied men, presented for examination as substitutes and passed by the Board fail to reach the general rendezvous, but are placed before their arrival there by others, answering to the same name, feeble in constitution or otherwise disqualified for the military service.

Provost-marshals will in all cases be held responsible that the substitutes delivered at general rendezvous are the identical men who were examined and passed as such by the Board. They will adopt stringent measures to insure this identity.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

