
recruiting offered to recruiting officers through the district provost marshals. It will be a potent agency in hastening the completion of the regiments.

O. P. MORTON.

INDIANAPOLIS, September 21, 1863.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

All conscripts who have enlisted in our regiments heretofore have received &amp;25 bounty and $13 advance pay upon being mustered. I respectfully suggest that hose authorized to enter the Irish regiment may be allowed the same. Please answer as soon as possible.

O. P. MORTON.

WAR DEPT. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 21, 1863.

His Excellency ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Governor of the State of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg, Pa.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of instructions issued this day to the Boards, of Enrollment in the Twenty-first, Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Districts of Pennsylvania for "procuring recruits."* The plan will be understood by perusal of the instructions. Your co-operation and aid in carrying it out are respectfully solicited. It is presumed that your experience

in raising troops will enable you to make useful suggestions in the execution of this scheme, especially as to the persons to be selected by boards to act as deputies or recruiting agents for procuring the recruits. The acting assistant provost-marshal- general of the State is directed to confer with you in this matter. The recruits obtained under his arrangement will be volunteer recruits from your State for your old regiments, and you are requested to give such orders as will secure to them the same benefits as are provided by your State for other volunteers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Official copy sent to Major Gilbert, Pennsylvania, October 12. Similar letter sent same date to Governor Holbrook in regard to the First, Second, and Third Districts of Vermont and to Governor Andrew, regarding the Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth and Tenth Districts of Massachusetts; September 23 to Governor Coburn in regard to the First, Second, Third, Fourth and Fifth District of Maine; to Governor Berry in regard to the First, Second, and Third Districts of New Hampshire; to Governor Buckingham in regard to the First, Second, Third, and Fourth District of Connecticut; October 5 to Governor Kirkwood in regard to the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Districts of Iowa; November 7 to Governor Boreman in regard to the First, Second, and Third Districts of West Virginia; November 10 to Governor Gamble in regard to the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth District of Missouri; November 21 to Governor Bramlette regarding the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth Districts of Kentucky.)

---------------

*For the general form of the circular used for this purpose, see p. 827. For those sent subsequent to October 23, 1863, see explanatory footnote, p. 829.

---------------

