
WAR DEPT. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 21, 1863.

His Excellency JAMES Y. SMITH,

Governor of Rhode Island, Providence, R. I.:

SIR; I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of instructions issued this day to the Boards of Enrollment in the First and Second Districts of Rhode Island "for procuring recruits."* The plan will be understood by perusal of the instructions. Your co- operation and aid in carrying it out are respectfully solicited. It is presumed that your experience in raising troops will enable you to make useful suggestions in the execution of this scheme, especially as to the persons to be selected by boards to act as deputies or recruiting agents for procuring the recruits. The acting assistant provost-marshal-general of the State is directed to confer with you in this matter. The recruits obtained under this arrangement will be volunteer recruits from your State your old regiments, and you are requested to give such orders as will secure to them the same benefits as are provided by your State for other volunteers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Similar letter sent to Governor Seymour in regard to the Twenty- ninth District of New York; September 23 to Governor Yates, inclosing copied of instructions issued this day to the Boards of the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth, and Thirteenth Districts of Illinois; October 22 to Governor Morton, inclosing copies of instructions issued this day to the Boards of the First Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and Eleventh Districts of Indiana, and December 4 to Governor Swift, inclosing copies of instructions issued to Boards of Enrollment of First and Second Districts of Minnesota.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 424. Washington, September 22, 1863.

* * * *

14. Brigadier General S. G. Champlin, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the depot for drafted men at Grand Rapids, Mich.

* * * *

By order of Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., September 22, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Please answer whether I may offer an increased advance bounty to volunteers. It would greatly facilitate recruiting. My orders for troops not issued. Awaiting answer.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

---------------

*For the general form of the circular used for this purpose, see p. 827. See also last sentence of footnote, p. 830.

---------------

