
OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

SOUTHERN DIVISION OF NEW YORK,

New York, September 23, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL; I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of 18th instant ordering the draft in the Tenth District. I immediately communicated the fact to Captain Leonard, provost-marshal, and directed him to commence the draft in his district on Wednesday, 23rd instant. I advised His Excellency Governor Seymour of the fat both by telegraph and mail and received his answer thereto.

General Canby has made all necessary provision for the protection of the officers and public property by promptly forwarding troops from under his command to the headquarters of Captain Leonard at Tarrytown.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT NUGENT,

Colonel 69th N. Y. Vols. and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 23, 1863.

GOVERNOR OF OHIO,

Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 18th instant, embracing a plan securing recruits for the regiments from Ohio now in the field. In reply I have respectfully to informs you that the commanding generals of departments and armies have been instructed to honor your call for officers and men to be sent to the have State for recruiting duty, the number thus called for from each regiment not to exceed the number of vacancies among the commissioned officers therein. The parties selected or called for must be those who, by their abilities, good conduct, and devotion, to duty, have shown their fitness for promotion. As far as practicable selections will be made from parties now in the State after drafted men. You are authorized by the Secretary of War to issue to the persons thus selected recruiting commissions, specifying therein the rank and regiment in which commissioned, the rank to correspond to that of the vacancies in the regiment. These officers will be mustered into service by the mustering officer of the State. Any officer thus commissioned and mustered shall only be entitled to be paid on the muster and pay roll of his company, and should he fail within a reasonable time to secure the number of men designated by you his appointment will be revoked, without pay under, it and he returned to his original position in his regiment and company.

The State mustering officer will report promptly to the Adjutant- General of the Army the names of all recruiting officers mustered into service by them under conditional commissions, together with the regiments into which mustered. The presentation of the conditional commissions will be authority for the mustering officer to make the muster. Recruits enlisted will be allowed be a bounty of $402 for veterans and #302 for war recruits, these amounts to be paid under the regulations of the department. Except as herein set forth, the

