
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 25, 1863.

His Excellency RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois, Springfield, Ill.:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to inform you that you are hereby authorized to raise one regiment of infantry to be composed of colored men, to be mustered into the U. S. service for three years or during the war.

To these troops no bounties will be paid. They will receive $10 per month and one ration per day, $3 of which monthly pay may be in clothing.

the organization of the regiment must conform in all respects with the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 110, War Department, 1863 a copy of which is herewith..*

The respective companies of the regiment may be mustered into service in each case as soon as the minimum number of enlisted men is obtained.

The prescribed number of commissioned officers will be appointed in accordance with the provisions of General Orders, Nos. 143 and 144, War Department, current series, copies of which please find inclosed.+ The appointments will be made to keep pace with the muster into service of the several companies, thus: on information being received from you that the first company has been mustered into service, the necessary appointments for that company will be made. When four companies are mustered in, the lieutenant-colonel of the regiment will be appointed, and so on, in accordance with he Revised Mustering Regulations.

To facilitate the appointment of the officers, it is respectfully suggested that it would be well to forward to the Adjutant-General of the Army, as early as practicable, the names of such persons as you wish to have examined for appointment, and permission will be immediately given them to appear before the examining board now in session in Cincinnati, Saint Louis, or the board in session in Washington, if more convenient for the parties.

In cases where persons in the service are recommended, the full name, rank, company, and regiment should be given.

The necessary supplies will be furnished by the respective departments, upon requisitions approved by you.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 25, 1863.

His Excellency AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor of Michigan, Detroit, Mich.:

SIR: Orders have this day been sent to the boards of enrollment in the six district of the State of Michigan, directing that a draft be made on those districts, respectively, for 1,235, 1,198, 1,107, 892, 1,022, and 1,105 men of the first class. The records from which calculations were made, as well as the calculations themselves, in determining the

---------------

*See p. 175.

+See pp. 215, 216.

---------------

