
quota are on file in this office. They are impartial and claimed to be entirely correct, but if an effort should be discovered or pointed out in them it will be duly corrected.

I beg that you will do all in your power to enable the officers acting under me to complete the draft promptly, fairly, and successfully.

The acting assistant provost-marshal-general of your State, Lieutenant Colonel B. H. Hill, U. S. Army through whom the orders for draft are sent, will give you any further particulars you may desire.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Similar letter sent October 8 to Governor Bradford, with respect to dart to be made on the First, Second and Third District of the State of Maryland for 2,787, 2,298, and 2,933 men of the first class, and stating that Major Jeffries would give any further particulars.)

COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 25, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY:

I am glad to know that the Department approves of my plan of filling up the old regiments. I have now to recommend that the several deputy provost-marshals of the State be also authorized to recruit for the old regiments. They are now comparatively idle and will make good recruiting officers. They should be authorized to furnish transportation to the recruits to this place, with direction to report to Captain Otis, superintendent of recruiting service, for muster and pay. the recruit should be permitted to select the regiment he wishes to join.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

STATE OF OHIO, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, September 25, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: Since dispatching you this morning in relation to using the deputy provost-marshals of the State as recruiting agents for regiments in the field I have seen your form of circular to them bearing on this subject. This circular to a great extent anticipates me in the matter. I do not, however, like the feature allowing a premium to the person presenting the recruit; it will in my opinion tend rather to retard the work than promote it.

Authority simply to the deputy to enlist men and forward them to the rendezvous at this place, to be here mustered in by the superintendent of the recruiting service, is all that is required.

A faithful, vigorous effort on the part of your several deputies, added to the exertions of the recruiting officers who may be sent home from the several regiments in the field, will, I doubt not, prove sufficient to secure for the Government all the troops, it may require from this State.

Very respectfully,

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

