
stopped by a guard, who demanded my pass. I handed it to them; they retained possession of it. They ordered me to fall in among them and I was marched around from place to place till they collected all they could get. We were then marched to a camp about one mile and a half and delivered to some colored men, who were placed on guard over us. They counted us and found they had 180 men. All through the afternoon and evening they kept bringing in squads. They took the passes of the men and after examining them burned them before us.

At dark they put a double around, us and told us if we attempted to escape we would be shot down. We were left that way, out in the cold all night, without tents, blankets, or fire, and some of the men were bareheaded and some without coats.

his

ARMSTEAD x LEWIS.

mark.

Witness:

JNO. H. COCHRANE,

Military Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, Miss., September 26, 1863.

Honorable S. P. CHASE,

Washington, D. C.:

Mr. Mellen, supervising agent of the Treasury Department for the West, was here a few days since, and upon consultation we agreed upon the following plan for opening trade within this department south of Helena:

No purchaser of cotton is to be allowed within the district named. Owners of cotton is to be allowed within the district named. Owners of cotton within said district favorable to the Government are to be allowed to bring their cotton in to any military post or station; and on permit from the commanding officer or provost-marshal of the post, to ship it to Memphis or New Orleans for sale for their benefit.

to supply the necessaries of life, both provisions an clothing, to persons within our lines and deserving persons without on proper permits, I authorities Mr. Mellen too appoint two loyal citizens for this place, two for Natchez and one for Goodrich's Landing, to keep for sale such articles as were authorized to be sold.

I am, now satisfied that these regulations, approved by myself, will if carried, out, lead to a world, of trouble and discontent. I believe the only remedy is in total prohibition or free trade in articles not contraband of war. If the latter policy is adopted I will make stringent regulations to prevent improper persons from being benefited by it, and enforce such regulations with great severity upon merchants who are caught violating such regulations. By free trade I do not intend to say that persons should be allowed to come into this department indiscriminately with their wares and set up at any point they please. Trade should be confined to military posts or stations. All goods brought should have a Treasure permit, obtained at the place the goods were bought and required that they be taken to a specified place for sale. Purchasers of cotton or other Southern production I would also like to be required too obtain Treasury authority to do so.

Hereafter I will raise no objections to any regulation made by the Treasury Department, but will enforce the regulations made to the

