
best of my ability. To establish business within the district named, the only inquiry hereafter will be, Has Treasury authority been obtained? Should I find that any system adopted works badly, I will write you freely on the subject or inform you through the supervising agent, pointing out such defects, and make suggestions, if I have any to make, for their correction.

I am thoroughly satisfied that no perfect system can be devised. There is too much corruption in the country for ot peculiar in this respect. The same spirit has been shown in all countries, in all ages, during time of war.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WAR DEPT. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 26, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I do not permit provost-marshals to make arrests for disloyalty, but they give me information on the subject. There is an exceedingly disloyal and pernicious feeling among men in Illinois, and the fact that there, is no draft there at present seems to have disappointed them and led them to more open, because groundless, opposition to the Government.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 89 Washington, D. C., September 27, 1863.

The following rules for the refunding of communication money and repayment, in whole or in part, of amounts paid for substitutes will govern in having been held to service under paragraphs 4 and 5 of Circular Numbers 44. have been or may be subsequently exempted under the provisions of Circular 51 and 83 from this office:

I. In the cases of men who were drafted and paid the $300 communication without being examined, but who on subsequent examination have been or may be found exempt, and claim to be refunded the amount paid.

The Board shall carefully examine each case of this kind, make a full report upon it, and give an opinion with regard to it. They shall then forward this report and opinion with all the papers in the case to the Provost-Marshal-General for final orders as to refunding the money.

II. In the cases of men who were represented by substitutes in the U. S. service on the 3rd of March, 1863, but who, being drafted under the present draft, paid communication money, and now claim to be reimbursed for the amount paid.

The Board shall carefully examine each case of this kind, make full report upon it, and give an opinion with regard to it. They shall then forward this report and opinion with all the papers in the case, to the Provost-Marshal-General for final orders as to refunding the money.

