
III. In cases of men who, under the circumstances set forth for the two preceding rules, furnished substitutes in lieu of paying communication money.

The board shall, carefully examine each case of this kind, make a full report upon it, and give an opinion with regard to it. They shall then forward this report and opinion with all the papers in the case, to the Provost-Marshal-General. The Board shall require an affidavit of the principal as to the amount paid the substitute furnished by him, the time when it was paid, whether to or through a broker or agent, and if so, the name of such broker or agent. He shall also be required to present the receipt taken for such mount, or, if he claims to have no receipt, to make affidavit to that effect.

No refunding of commutation money or payment for substitutes furnished shall be made until the original exemption papers granted the principal shall have been destroyed by the provost- marshal. The provost-marshal's certificate of such fact shall in all cases be required by the refunding of commutation money or other disbursing officer before refunding the money paid on either account.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 27, 1863.

GOVERNOR OF OHIO,

Columbus, Ohio:

Your telegram in reference to authorizing enlistments of men for unexpired term of old regiments has been submitted to Secretary of War and been fully considered. It is deemed for the public interest that all efforts should be to enlist men for three years or during the war.

JMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 323. Washington, September 28, 1863.

In section 10, act of March 3, 1863, it is enacted "That the President of the United States be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause to be enlisted for each cook (two allowed by section 9) two undercooks of African descent, who shall receive for their full compensation $10 per month and one ration per day; $3 of said monthly pay may be in clothing.."

For a regular company, the two undercooks will be enlisted; for a volunteer company, they will be mustered into service as in the cases of other soldiers. In each case a remark will be made on their enlistment papers showing that they are undercooks of African descent. Their names will be borne on the company muster- rolls at the foot of the list of privates. They will also be discharged in the same manner as other soldiers.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

