
the old ones. Otherwise, it is impossible for me to exaggerate the confusion, complaint,and trouble which will arise from having these new corps brought to a stand-still in their present uncompleted state. In the case of one of them, the Second Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, some 600 men have already been forwarded to North Carolina. The rosters of officers for all of them have been framed and most of these officers are engaged in the recruiting. But I need not particularize the difficulties which this stand-still will make. They will occur to you without suggestion. If it is to be henceforth the policy of the War Department to turn the whole stream of recruits into old regiments and to authorize no more new organizations, I have at present no opposition to make to such a policy any further than to remonstrate, as I now do, against at the same time paralyzing the new organizations which it has already authorized, and leaving me with a dozen fragments of corps on my hands which I had been induced to commence to raise at the request of the Department itself. I do not undervalue the importance of recruits for old regiments. The whole record of the recruiting in this State will shaw the special exertions which have been made in that respect so far had power in the premises; but I assure you that in the present condition of these new corps it is of even greater importance that they should not be left uncompleted by a discrimination in bounties, &amp;c., against them, and have the fragments of them dispersed or consolidated to the dissatisfaction of all persons who are in any way connected with their progress.

Since writing the above I have seen published in the newspapers a letter purporting to have been addressed by you to the payment of $302 bounty to recruits not veteran volunteers who enter his new regiments.

I have the honor to be, obedient, and respectfully,

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint louis, September 29, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I inclose herewith a copy of a letter received on the 26th instant from Brigadier-General Thomas, Adjutant-General, asking me to afford facilities for raising another colored regiment in Missouri, and my reply. I have thought it advisable to transmit these to the Honorable Secretary of War with a few additional remarks for his consideration and such instructions as he may be pleased to give.

In July last General Thomas, at my request, gave Colonel Pile authority to raise troops in Missouri subject to the approval of the Governor of State. The Governor gave his consent with the condition that the laws of Missouri should not be violated-a very difficult condition to comply with.

It was, however, observed as far as practicable, and a regiment was soon raised, mustered in, and sent to Helena. Colonel Pile then obtained permission to raise officers were appointed, by whom I know not and sent into Missouri, bearing copies of the authority I had given to those engaged in raising the regiment in Saint Louis, together with a

