
birth, residence, occupation, place of enlistment, date of last payment, amount of bounty due, date and place of desertion, and the place where he can probably be found, with such other remarks as may be pertinent in the matter or may aid in the arrest and punishment of the offender. Where no desertions have taken place during the month, the regular form of descriptive list will be forwarded, and the fact will be noted it. The lists will in all cases be made in duplicate; one copy will be forwarded direct to the Provost-Marshal-General, and the other,m through the ordinary military channels, to the Adjutant-General, at Washington, who will refer the same to the Provost-Marshal-General. When lists are entered by surgeons, one copy will be sent direct to the Provost-Marshal-General, and the duplicate, through the regular channel, to the Surgeon-General, who will refer the same to the Provost-Marshal-General.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 73. Washington, March 24, 1863.

The following acts and resolution of Congress are published for the information of all called:

I. PUBLIC RESOLUTION - Numbers 9.

JOINT RESOLUTION to revive "An act to secure to the officers and men actually employed in the Western Department, or Department of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and pension, and for other purposes." - (See General Orders, Numbers 91, of 1862, p. 26.)

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the provisions of a joint resolution entitled "A resolution to suspended all payments under the act approved the twenty-fifth of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, entitled "An act to secure to the officers and men actually employed in the Western Department, or Department of Missouri, they pay, bounty and pension, and for other purposes,"" approved July twelfth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, be and they are hereby revived, and the commissioners therein provided for shall be allowed six months from the passage of this resolution within which to make their report.

Approved February 16, 1863.

II. PUBLIC - Numbers 43.

AN ACT making appropriations for the legislative, executive, and judaical expenses of the Government for the year ending thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and for the year eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and for other purposes.

* * * * * * *

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That, in addition to the clerical force now authorized by law, the following clerks and employes are hereby authorized in the several departments and officers herein after specified, to be employed and continue only during the rebellion, and for one year after its close, viz:

* * * * * * *

In the office of the Secretary of War, six clerks of class four and eight of class on. In the office of the Chief Ordnance of the War department, three clerks of class four and twenty of class one.

In the office of the Adjutant-General, eight clerks of class two and twenty of class one.

In the office of the Commissary-General, twelve clerks of class one and one laborer at a salary of six hundred dollars per annum.

In the office of the Surgeon-General, one clerk of class four, one of class three, two of class two, and twenty-ne of class one.

In the office of the Paymaster-General, four clerks of class three and sixteen of class one; and in the office of the Chief of Engineers, two clerks of class one.

