
to that question whatever. As I have stated in my last letter, it seems to me quite practicable to place the credits in this State, with reasonable correctness, in the towns where they belong; and if such a system of bounties as the newspaper paragraphs above referred to is initiated in this State, I have very little doubt that the quota of Wisconsin can be filled by volunteers drawn to a great extent from the towns which are deficient.

But if no such system is authorized, then I earnestly urge that all possible means may be taken to do justice to the localities in our State which have already drained themselves of their active and laborings.

I remain, sir, yours, respectfully,

EDWARD SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

CIRCULAR.] WAR DEPT., PROV. MAP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 91. Washington, September 30, 1863.

I. The decisions of boards of enrollment, on claims for exemption from military duty under the draft, being final, the boards will not reopen or re-examine claims upon which they have once rendered judgment. A thorough examination should be made into every doubtful case before rendering a decision, and, if necessary, the decision should be deferred for such reasonable length of time as may be required to obtain the evidence essential to a proper understanding of the case.

II. An exemption or discharge from the draft procured by fraud is invalid, and does not relieve the person perpetrating the fraud from his obligation to perform military duty under the draft, of from liability to be punished as a deserter for failing to report for duty as required by the law.

When a board of enrollment or a provost-marshal shall have reason to believe that a fraud has been practiced upon the Board in procuring an exemption or discharge, or in furnishing a substitute, they will immediately report the facts in the case, and the reasons for their belief, to the Provost-Marshal-General for such further action as may be deemed advisable.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

OFFICE MILITARY DIRECTOR AND SUPERINTENDENT RAILROADS OF THE UNITED STATES,

Washington, September 30, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the U. S. Military Railroad Department:

It comprises a brief account of operations since my connection with it. Tabular statements of rolling-stock and material purchased, used, and remaining on hand; cost of the same; detailed statements of all expenditures since the organization of the department under Captain R. F. Morley, and tables exhibiting in detail the expenses of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1863.

The following railroads have been operated as military lines in charge of employes of this department: Washington and Alexandria;

