
Alexandria, Loudoun and Hampshire; Orange and Alexandria; Manassas Gap; Warrenton Branch; Richmond and York River; Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac; Norfolk and Petersburg; Seaboard and Roanoke; also for a limited time the Western Maryland Railroad in Maryland, and the Hanover Branch and Gettusburg Railroads in Pennsylvania.

Extensive reconstruction and repairs were made upon the Northern Central, Cumberland Valley, and Franklin Railroads in Pennsylvania.

The Washington and Alexandria Railroad has been in daily use since February, 1862, as the main connection between the railroads is used as a part of it, and kept in repair also for other purposes by the military railroads.

The Alexandria, Loudoun and Hampshire Railroad has been employed to some extent in transporting supplies for the fortifications south of Washington and the various camps along its line.

The Orange and Alexandria Railroad was opened from Alexandria to Manassas in March, 1862, and to Warrenton Junction in April. In July the Warrenton Branch Railroads was opened to the town of Warrenton. Early in August several miles of track south of Warrenton Junction, which had been destroyed by the rebels, was railed, many bridges rebuilt, and the road opened for transportation to Culpeper. The road was put in order and construction trains rum to the Rapidan River.

On the retreat of General Pope late in August and the first days of September the road was abandoned with immense loss of locomotives, cars, and materials.

In November, 1862, it was reopened to Bealeton and Warrenton for a fe the Army of the Potomac on its way from Antietam to Fredericksburg. It was once more reopened to Bealeton in April, 1863, but shortly afterward was abandoned beyond Bull Run, and in June the portion outside the defenses of Washington was evacuated and so remained until the return of General Meade's army from its Pennsylvania campaign. It now forms the communication between the Army of tts base.

The Manassas Gap Railroad was operated to Front Royal in May and June, 1862, and for a short time to Strasburg.

In November trains were run to Front Royal for a few days, after which this road was not used until the march of General Meade's army from Gettysburg to the Rappahannock, when a few trains of supplies were sent to White Plains.

The Richmond and York River Railroad was reconstructed from White House to a point four miles from Richmond in April and May, 1862, and was used to supply the army before Richmond until June 28, when it was abandoned. Six locomotives, eighty cars, and a large amount of railroad material were burned or otherwise destroyed.

The Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad was opened to Fredericksburg in April, 1862, operated until August, then abandoned with considerable destruction of railroad material and cars. In November it was reopened to Falmouth and used until June, 1863, when it was once more abandoned and all the combustible structures, bridges, buildings, wharves &amp;c., have since been burned by the enemy.

The Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad was occupied as a military line July 22, 1862, and the gauge changed from five feet to four feet eight and a half inches for forty-four miles.

