
COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 30, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. Colonel Parrott and self had a conference on the subject on Sunday. He sent you the result by mail. The only objection that I have to your plan in addition to mine is the bounty you offer to persons furnishing a recruit. This will do harm, rather than good, in this State.

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington City, D. C., October 1, 1863.

Governor BRADFORD,

Baltimore, Md.:

Please be here in person at 12 m. Saturday to fix up definitely in writing the matter about which Mr. Johnson and Governor Hicks bring a communication from you.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 1, 1863.

Mr. PRESIDENT: In answer to the communication of His Excellency A. W. Bradford, Governor of Maryland, of the 28th ultimo, referred to me, I have the honor to report:

That during the last visit of Governor Bradford to Washington he favored this Department with and interview in which the subject of his communication of the 28th of September was pretty fully discussed, and I had supposed a harmony of views arrived at.

The following propositions were understood to have received the assent of Governor Bradford: First, that free persons of color in Maryland should be enlisted; third, that if it were necessary for the purpose of the Government that slaves should be enlisted without regard to the consent of their owners, there would be no objection to a general regulation by which loyal owners of slaves could receive just compensation for the labor or service of such slaves upon filing in this Department deeds of manumission- disloyal owners not being entitled to any such compensation.

Shortly after this interview letters were received from General Andrew Johnson, Governor of Tennessee, desiring that regulations should be made for the enlistment of colored persons within that State, and after full communication with him similar terms were assented to in respect to the State of Tennessee, where it is understood enlistments are now being made upon that basis. A general order regulating the subject-matter has been delayed for the purpose of having an understanding with Governor Johnson, so that the same principles might be applicable, so far as circumstances admitted, to the States of Tennessee and Maryland, both of which stand in similar relations to the General Government in the present war. There is a necessity applicable to the States of Maryland and Tennessee requiring the enlistment of colored soldiers, free or slave, in a peculiar degree, and not applicable to other States excepted from the proclamation of emancipation. The State of Maryland is in the midst of the war in the East. White soldiers are suffering from the malarious

