
influence of the locality at Fortress Monroe, and require all the power of the Government to supply their places by black troops. The State of Tennessee is now the center of the war in the West, and the Government requires the use of every loyal soldier, without regard to color, or whether bond or free, in that State. In the State of Kentucky, military authority has impressed the slave population to the amount of 6,000 and upward, for the purpose of making military roads; but, there being no enemy there, it is not essential that they should be enlisted as troops in that State, as they should be employed in labor for the supply of other troops. There is, therefore, in my judgment, a military necessity in the State of Maryland and in the State of Tennessee for enlisting into the forces all persons capable of bearing arms on the Union side, without regard to color, and whether they be freemen or slaves. It is the desire of the Department, in conformity with the views which, under your direction have heretofore governed it, to make such regulations as shall do justice to all loyal persons in any way affected by the measure.

Governor Bradford was requested to receive the claims of any persons whose slaves were enlisted in Maryland, and present them to the War Department, in order that they might be investigated,sation made as the laws and rules of the service would admit. It has also been reported to the Department that recruiting officers have uniformly, without exception, given to persons claiming slaves who have been enlisted, a descriptive list, upon which they might prove their property and make their claims. If there has been any departure from this course it is without sanction, and upon being specified prompt redress will be administered.

In view of the military necessity of organizing colored troops in Maryland and Tennessee, it is proposed to issue the accompanying general order:*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary randum by President Lincoln.]

To recruiting free negroes, no objection.

To recruiting slaves of disloyal owners, no objection.

To recruiting slaves of loyal owners, with their consent, no objection.

To recruiting slaves of loyal owners without consent, objection, unless the necessity is urgent.

To conducting offensively, while recruiting, and to carrying away slaves not suitable for recruits, objection.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General CANBY,

Commanding, &amp;c., New York, N. Y.:

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of War you will proceed to Albany, N. Y., and other points herein designated, and comply with the following instructions, viz:

I. At Albany you will confer with His Excellency the Governor, explain to him the nature of the orders you are acting under, request

---------------

*See General Orders, No. 329, Adjutant-General's Office, October 3, 1863, p.860.

---------------

