
no other way could they be made to serve any very useful military purpose. Thus disposed of, they materially strengthen the Army. Recruits obtained by the use of the commutation money paid by drafted men will, if so assigned, serve a like purpose, and I feel satisfied that any injury to the public interests which may arise from a delay in completing the new organizations will be far outweighed by the advantages to be driven from strengthening the old regiments.

The true military value of the man seems to me to be very probably expressed by the bounties as at present offered, viz: $100 for a new man in a new regiment, $300 for a new man in old regiment, and $400 for an old soldier. If, as you state, the result of my order will be to retard indefinitely the completion of new organizations, it can only be so from the fact that recruits go into old regiments instead of new ones. No one doubts that the good of the public service would be promoted by this, and it is the very point we desire to secure, and the lesser good should yield to the greater. I am sure the Department appreciates your labor in raising troops and has had no desire to embarrass you in regard to those you are now organizing, but it will hardly be claimed that because authority has heretofore been granted to or requests made of governors of States to raise new regiments, the General Government shall be precluded from all efforts to ially in the peculiar manner contemplated by the law regarding the disposition of the communication money. Much more time is consumed in raising these new organizations than it was supposed would be necessary, and no period could now be fixed for the completion of all the fragments in process of organization.

If the principles proposed by you should be adopted, it would inevitably result in converting this whole system into one for recruiting new instead of old regiments, and this, as I understand the matter, the Government is unwilling to do.

Governor Tod is recruiting exclusively for old regiments.

Hoping that you may find it practicable to make other considerations yield to the paramount object of filling up the old regiments,

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 2, 1863.

GOVERNOR OF OHIO,

Columbus, Ohio:

The authority by letter from this office of September 15 for you to raise additional regiments of volunteers, infantry and cavalry, is hereby revoked.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

The year that is drawing toward its close has been filled with the blessings of fruitful fields and healthful skies. To these bounties, which are so constantly enjoyed that we are prone to forget source

