
with me. At all events, enlarge the time for the first enlistment to sixty days.

I would suggest as a further amendment to that clause in the proposed order which requires the recruiting officer to furnish claimants with descriptive list, &amp;c., to enable him to ascertain whether his slave has got into camp without consent, that he should be also required to allow the claimant a personal inspection of the recruits, as the mere descriptive list might not of itself be sufficient to enable him to identify.

I hope I may have the opportunity of seeing the order before you finally pass or promulgate it.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. BRADFORD.

HARRISBURG, October 3, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

On consultation we think it best that the six-moths" men should be retained in the service in this State. Please countermand the order for their discharge.

ELI SLIFER.

W. M. MEREDITH.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 3, 1863.

Major-General COUCH,

Commanding, Chambersburg, Pa.:

The Secretary of War directs that all action toward mustering out the six-months" troops be suspended until further orders. Please acknowledge the receipt of this, and report the number, if any, already mustered out and discharged.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 3, 1863.

Governor SALOMON,

Madison, Wis.:

The 25th of October is fixed for the commencement of the draft in Wisconsin. All the volunteers mustered into U. S. service up to the last moment before the draft at which I can be advised of the muster will be deducted from the quotas, the deductions being made from the enrollment sub-districts if the mustering officer reports to me the number mustered in from each. If he can"t report the number from each sub-district, then the deductions will be by Congressional districts, if he gives me the number from each. If he can"t do that, then the credit will be given to the State at large. There is no additional bounty for new regiments. Veterans get $402, in installments.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

