
CIRCULAR.] WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 5, 1863.

SIR: The following instructions, received from the General-in- Chief, are furnished for your information and guidance, and are to be strictly observed:

Drafted men and substitutes, disabled since entry into service, will in future be transferred to the Invalid Corps and discharged in the same manner as other soldiers; but in cases where disability existed before entry into service, a board of three officers (two line and one medical, to be convened by the commanding officer of the regiment) will render, in addition to the usual medical certificates (upon which the soldier will be discharged in the usual manner, with pay and allowances, except in cases of fraud), a special report, with a full history of the case, giving the names of the Board of Enrollment, the State and district to which they belong, that proper steps may at once be taken to prevent recurrence of such cases.

Men drafted and substitutes will not be discharged for disability existing before entry into service until they have been with the regiment to which assigned at least one week.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

SAML. BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MADISON, October 5, 1863.

Colonel FRY:

Your dispatch received. Have you not authorized the Governor of Ohio to raise volunteers by circular of September 15 under bounties offered by you? If so, why are not such bounties offered in this State also?

E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 92. Washington, October 6, 1863.

The principles laid down by the Judge-Advocate-General of the Army, announced in Circular No. 67, will govern provost-marshals in giving certificates of reward for the arrest of drafted men who fail to report as required by law.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS STATE OF ILLINOIS,

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Springfield, October 6, 1863.

Major C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington:

MAJOR: Referring to your communication of the 24th [25th] instant [ultimo], authorizing the Governor of this State to raise a regiment of infantry of colored persons in this State for Government service, I am directed by His Excellency Governor Yates to express the fear that the regiment cannot be raised on the terms proposed, to wit, $10 per month and no bounties.

