
The colored men of the State have frequently urged Governor Yates to obtain permission to recruit a regiment in this State, and Governor Yates in making the application to do so had supposed that the War Department would offer some more inducements for that purpose. He had understood that the same pay was allowed to colored troops raised in Massachusetts as to other troops in the service. If, however, no greater inducements can be offered to enlist these men than the sum named, while he will take pleasure in doing what he can, he will do so, but with some fears of not being successful. The colored men of this State are generally a good class and can command at home readily from $12 to $15 per month.

I am therefore instructed, respectfully, to inquire if the War Department cannot offer some additional inducements than those contained in your letter of the 24th [25th) to secure the services of these men.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALLEN C. FULLER,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 6, 1863.

His Excellency SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of the State of Iowa:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the State of Iowa stands credited on the books of the Adjutant-General of the Army with an excess of 13,897 over all calls for troops in 1861 and 1862 and in 1863 up to the 11th day of June.

The quota of the State for the present draft is 12,616. The excess of troops heretofore furnished by it over this quota is 1,281; there will therefore be no draft in Iowa under the present call for troops, and the number of 1,281 will stand to its credit in the future demands of the Government.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

MADISON, WIS., October 6, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

In addition to last dispatch I wish to say that your circular is widely published in the papers, and it causes great dissatisfaction that the bounties referred [to] are not offered in this State also. It is my earnest desire to avoid all such sources of discontent with the proceedings of the Government.

E. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Indianapolis, Ind., October 7, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

I respectfully submit the following plan for filling up the old three-years" regiments:

A certain number of the old regiments, say one for each Congressional

55 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

