
district, reduced lowest in point of numbers or oldest in organization, and three-fourths of which will re-enlist for three years, shall be brought home to recruit. Officers and men to be furloughed for such time as the Governors of the respective States may determine for the purpose of recruiting for their respective regiments, the Governors to designate places of rendezvous. At the expiration of the term of furlough the regiments to be returned to the field, and a like number of old regiments upon the same principle to be brought home and recruited, and so on.

The men who re-enlist to be mustered out as if their first terms of enlistment had expired, receiving $100 bounty for past service, and the $402 bounty awarded to veteran volunteers for future service. This plan will place the regiments organized in 1861, as regards bounty, on the same footing as those organized in 1862, and it is believed the plan will take so few men from any one corps as not to materially weaken it.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 7, 1863.

His Excellency HORATIO SEYMOUR,

Governor of New York, Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: The acting assistant provost-marshals-general of the Northern, Southern and Western Divisions of New York have been ordered to commence a new enrollment in the Second, Fourth, Fifht, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth, Twenty- first, Twenty-fifth, notify you of the day on which the new enrollment can be commenced in any district.

I have the honor to invite you, in accordance with the tenor of the President's letters to Your Excellency dated August 7 and 11, to appoint some suitable persons to witness the enrollment and assist the officers of the Government in taking such steps as will make it correct and satisfactory.

If this proceeding meets your approval, will you oblige me by giving me the names of persons whom you appoint, with their places of residence, and such other information as will be necessary to enable me to give the proper orders to the Board of Enrollment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 7, 1863.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the 25th of October is the day fixed for commencing the draft in Wisconsin. The Governor has been notified and informed that all the volunteers mustered into the U. S. service before the 24th will be duly credited on the quotas for draft. It is hoped that many volunteers will be raised by the Governor previous to the draft, and thus the quotas reduced or

