
person without having full knowledge of the truth of the facts stated therein, and with intent to cheat, defraud, or injure the United States; any person in said forces or service who shall knowingly purchase or receive, in pledge for any obligation or indebtedness, from any soldier, officer, or other person called into or employed in said forces or service, any arms,unition, clothesores, or other public property, such soldier, or other person not having the lawful right to pledge or sell the same, shall be deemed guilty of a criminal offence, and shall be subject to the rules and regulations made for the government of the military and naval forces of the United States, and of the militia when called into and employed in the actual service of the United States in time of war, and to the provisions of this act. And every person so offering may be arrested and held for trial by a court-martial, and if found guilty shall be punished by fine and imprisonment, or such other punishment as the court-martial may adjudge, save the punishment of death.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That any person heretofore called or hereafter to be called into or employed in such forces or service, who shall commit any violation of this act and shall afterwards receive his discharge, or be dismissed from the service, shall, notwithstanding such discharge or dismissal, continue to be liable to be arrested and held for trial and sentenced by a court-martial, in the same manner and to the same extent as if he had not received such discharge or been dismissed.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That any person not in the military or naval forces of the United States, nor in the militia called on to or actually employed in the service of the United States, who shall, do or commit any of the acts prohibited by any of the foregoing provisions of this act, he shall forfeit and pay to the United States the sum of two thousand dollars, and, in addition, double the amount of damages which the United States may have sustained by reason of the doing or committing such act, together with the costs of suit; and such forfeiture and damages shall by sued for the in the same suit, and every such person shall in addition thereto, on conviction in any court of competent jurisdiction, be punished by imprisonment not less than one nor more than five years, or by fine of not less than one thousand dollars, and not more than five thousand dollars.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the several district courts of the United States, the circuit court of the District of Columbia, or any court therein to be established having general jurisdiction in civil cases, the several district courts of the Territories of the United States within whose jurisdictional limits the person doing or committing such act shall be found, shall, wheresoever such act may have been done or committed, have full power and jurisdiction to hear, try, and determine such suit. Such suit may be brought and carried on by any person, as well for himself as for the United States; the same shall be at the sole cost and charge of such person, and shall be in the name of the United States, but shall not be withdrawn or discontinued without the consent, in writing, of the judge of the court and the district attorney, first filed in the case, setting forth their reasons for such consent.

SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the several district attorneys of the United Stas] for the District of Columbia, and for the several Territories, to be diligent in inquiring into any violation of the provisions of this act by persons liable to such suit, and found within their respective districts or Territories, and to cause him or her to be proceeded against in due from of law for the recovery of such forfeiture and damages. And such person may be arrested and held to bail in such sam as the district judge may order, not exceeding the said sum of two thousand dollars, and twice the amount of the damages sworn to in the affidavit of the person bringing the suit.

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That the person bringing said suit and prosecuting it to final judgment shall be entitled to receive one-half the amount of such forfeiture, as well as one- half the amount of the damages he shall recover and collect; and the other half thereof shall belong to and be paid over to the United States; and such person shall be entitled to receive to his own use all costs the court may award against the defendant, to be allowed and taxed according to any provisions of law or rule of court in force, or that shall be in force in suits between private parties in said court: Provided, That such person shall be liable for all costs incurred by himself in the cases, and shall have no claim thereof on the United States.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That every such suit shall be commenced within six years from the doing or committing the act, and not afterwards.

SEC. 8. And be it further enacted, That no officer or agent of any banking or other commercial corporation, and no member of any percentile of trading firm, or person directly or indirectly interested in the pecuniary profits or contracts of

