
I would again solicit your aid in securing the success of this measure, and I would most respectfully invite your suggestions, from time to time, as to such improvements in the plan as you may be pleased to present.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Similar letter, same date, to Abner Coburn, Governor of the State of Maine referring to letter of 23rd ultimo.)

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 331. Washington, October 9, 1863.

The President's orders: 1. All houses, tenements, lands, and plantations, except such as may be required for military purposes, which have been or may be deserted and abandoned by insurgents within the lines of the military occupation of the U. S. forces is States declared by proclamation of the President to be in insurrection, will hereafter be under the supervision and control of the supervising special agent of the Treasury Department.

2. All commanders of military departments, districts, and posts will, upon receipt of this order, surrender and turn over to the proper supervising special agent such houses, tenements, lands, and plantations, not required for military uses, as may be in their possession or under their control; and all officers of the Army of the United States will, at all times, render to the agents appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury all such aid as may be necessary to enable them to obtain possession of such houses, tenements, lands, and plantations, and to maintain their authority over the same.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 9, 1863.

Brigadier General J. S. WADSWORTH,

U. S. Volunteers,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith an order assigning you to special duty in this Department.* The instructions of the Secretary of War to you are to inspect colored troops that have been raised or are being raised and organized in the Mississippi Valley, and also to inspect all camps, posts, plantations, towns, cities, and other places whatsoever where colored troops are being raised or where there is a colored population from which such troops may be raised, and also to examine into the condition of the women, children, infirm, and sick of the colored people in the Mississippi Valley, and to inquire and report what means are, in your judgment, best adapted to the protection, maintenance, employment, and comfort of the colored population not organized into troops, and generally to examine into and report upon any subject connected with the proper management and welfare of the colored population in the Mississippi Valley. You will report to Brigadier-General Thomas, Adjutant-General, wherever he

---------------

*Order omitted.

---------------

