
may be found. The commencement of your duties will be at Cairo, and you will proceed thence, if you deem proper, to New Orleans, or in any direction that, in your judgment, will enable you to investigate and report upon the subject with advantage to the service. You are authorized to take one of your aides-de-camp with you.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-You and your aide will return to this city and report to the Secretary after performing this duty.

E. D. T.

KEOKUK, IOWA, October 9, 1863.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

I came here to-day to make requisition for clothing for colored regiment organizing under orders of this State founded on General Thomas" order. The officers seem to think that because somebody was authorized to raise the regiment by General Thomas, therefore the State has nothing to do, and that the officers are to be commissioned by the United States, and that they are to be selected by the person authorized to raise the regiment. I do not understand it so. I have succeeded in furnishing the regiment the same as with any regiment, under Order 75. I suppose I shall continue to proceed so under orders of the Governor, and that the commissions will come from him. I wish you would answer by telegraph immediately so that I may know how to proceed.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General Iowa.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 9, 1863.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa:

The colored troops are organized as U. S. volunteers and received into military service under the act of Congress of 17th July, 1862, and not as State volunteers. The officers are commissioned by the President and not by the Governor, but the State receives credit for the troops on any draft as in case of other troops. No officer is commissioned until after examination and approval by the board of examiners. The Governor's nomination to this Department secures the appointment, if the person can pass examination.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 9, 1863.

Major-General DIX,

Commanding Department of the East, New York City:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that orders have been issued for the draft to commence in New Jersey on the 25th instant. I inform you of this, as a military force may be necessary. The State has already raised a large portion of its quota. The Second and Fifth

