
Districts have nearly filled their quotas, and it is hoped that the entire quota will be in service before the day fixed for draft. If so, there will be no draft. You are probably as well acquainted with the state of feeling in New Jersey as I am, and can judge of the preparations necessary in making the draft.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. Buchanan, stationed at Trenton, is provost-marshal-general of the State.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

MADISON, WIS., October 9, 1863.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

September 29 I wrote Colonel Fry requesting the offer of $300 bounty to new recruits, if such had been offered in any other States as reported.

Subsequently I saw published in newspapers his circular of September 15 relative to raising troops and additional bounties, and telegraphed him October 2,5, and 6, asking if such bounties had been offered in Ohio, and requesting him that they be offered here to facilitate recruiting and avoid dissatisfaction. I cannot get an answer from him to my last dispatches; also my letters, and especially that of September 21 concerning assignments of quotas to towns, are unanswered. Please inquire into the matter and answer.

EDWD. SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 10, 1863.

GOVERNOR OF INDIANA,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

Through an oversight the time in which to raise the eleven regiments authorized by my letter of the 14th September was not stated. No bounty other than that authorized by law until be paid to new men raised by you for new regiments, except during the next thirty days.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

STATE OF MARYLAND, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Annapolis, October 10, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 8th instant, informing me that orders had been sent to the boards of enrollment directing a draft to be made in the First, Second, and Third Congressional Districts of this State. I have since had a conference with Major Jeffries, the deputy provost-marshal for Maryland, who I was in hopes would be able to furnish me with some of the data or calculations by which the number of the draft from these three districts has been ascertained. It does not appear from any information possessed by Major

