
General Schenck thought that it would produce less excitement to draft in one of the districts at a time, but does not apprehend resistance. Governor Bradford is of opinion that the whole of the districts might be proceeded with at once, but desires sufficient delay to enable him to ascertain if the credits which he claims should be allowed on account of negro enlistments are to be given.

General Schenck requests delay in order to recruit additional colored troops, stating that he had assured the people of Maryland that upon their consent to the enlistment of slaves the number enlisted should be credited upon the present draft. However this question may be determined, it occurs to me that in Baltimore, and particularly in the Third District, which is entirely included in the city limits, no difficulty can arise, for the reason that the colored troops are not furnished by the city, and any claim that the county districts may urge would not interfere with the draft here. I have no apprehension of riot or disorder in making the draft.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. L. JEFFRIES.

BALTIMORE, October 12, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Our election takes place on the 4th of November next. I notice the draft is ordered to take place in three districts at once. This is very well, if it does not take place until after the election. It will enlist every one one the bay there in the business of recruiting negroes, and the Government will receive a brigade of them immediately. If it does take place before the election I fear it will cost us every congressman but Davis. The matter is now progressing so favorably I should be sorry to see the struggle for emancipation crippled, unless it is absolutely necessary at this juncture.

I hope, therefore, you will at once put out the order respecting negro enlistments and intimate to the provost-marshal to postpone the draft till Thursday, 5th of November.

I was much disappointed on Saturday, as were the gentlemen invited to meet you. I find I cannot trust Colonel Piatt to bring you, and shall come for you next time in person.

Yours, truly,

HUGH L. BOND.

STATE OF VERMONT, EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Montpelier, October 12, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The bearer hereof, Frank F. Holbrook, esq., visits Washington to consult with you upon business connected with recruiting the veteran regiments authorized by General Orders, No. 191, of the War Department. The letter from me will explain more fully the object of his visit and he will personally state my views and wishes in regard to the subject.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GREGORY SMITH,

Governor of Vermont.

