
State to the fullest extent in promoting the accomplishment of this purpose. But there is that in the present condition of the State which, in my judgment, justifies and requires the immediate offer of $300 bounty to those recruits who have not been in the service who shall enlist in the new regiments now raising in this State, as well as to those who shall enlist in the old regiments. Under General Orders, No. 191, assigning two regiments and a battery to this State, measures were taken in August to raise them. Recruiting officers were appointed and located in different parts of the State, and they commenced work actively and faithfully. But the work of raising the regiments was found more difficult than was expected. Only veterans were allowed to be enlisted. The last month's service of our returned nine-months" regiments had been unusually severe, involving the rapid march from Fairfax Court-House to Gettysburg, the battle at the latter place, and the subsequent marches. There was an unusual amount of sickness among the returned members of the regiments. In some of them more men have already died since they returned into the State than died daring their entire term of service. This discouraged those who were not sick, and generally the men were not ready to re-enlist.

Under these circumstances I applied for and received permission to enlist men who had not served, offering them only $100 bounty. Some enlistments were thus obtained, but labor was very scarce, and the farmers outbid the Government during harvesting. I called upon the officers of our towns and the patriotic citizens to aid, by their influence and their efforts, the labors of the recruiting officers. The people of the State began to awake to the importance of raising these regiments, both to aid Government and to save the State from a supplemental draft to fill the deficiency to the last quota. Enlistments began to come in with more rapidity. Recruiting officers made encouraging reports, and success within some reasonable time appeared certain.

But it has now become known that recruits enlisted for these regiments, who have not served, can receive but $100 boundy, while those who are enlisted by recruiting officers appointed by the provost-marshals receive $300. This has stopped recruiting for the veteran regiments from that class of men. Of those who have seen service but few enlist yet, for the reasons I have above stated. Recruiting officers all report that if permitted to offer $300 bounty to men who have not served they can fill their companies rapidly. If not allowed, it involves ultimately the necessity of revoking the commissions of the recruiting officers now at work, announcing that the veteran regiments cannot be filled, and discharging the men already enlisted, amounting to from 250 to 300 men. This would at once operate a cessation of the labors of town officers, and would effectually throw a wet blanket upon the now rising enthusiasm in the State in behalf of filling promptly the call made. This result could not be produced without at the same time effectually dampening the ardor for enlistments generally, and thus is would directly operate to repress enlistments for the old regiments.

In the important work of raising men there should be and must be perfect harmony and concert of action between the officers of the State and of the United States. The officers of the State can exert an influence over the officers of the several towns which cannot well be attained without their action. This is exercised, to a considerable

