
You have misunderstood and he has misstated the effect of my Order No. 36, as you will see from Colonel Lovell's letter. I need not say that the last purpose in my mind is to interfere in the slightest degree with the operations of your department in this State.

So far from wishing to obstruct the provost-marshals in the discharge of their duty, my object has been the exact opposite, and results, if you had leisure to acquaint yourself thoroughly with them, would satisfy you that the ease and safety with which this duty has been discharged has been largely owing to the measures adopted by the military authorities. These measures before being put into operation have been referred to Colonel Lovell, and nothing has been done which did not meet with his cordial concurrence.

I have written to the General-in-Chief very fully on the subject of my Order No. 36,* and the objection thereto contained in Captain Tillapaugh's letter. I presume that letter to the General-in-Chief will be furnished for your information, and I request for it some careful consideration.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 14, 1863.

His Excellency A. W. BRADFORD,

Governor of the State of Maryland, Annapolis:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 10th instant. The assignment of the number of men to be furnished by the several districts by draft is made by the President in pursuance of the twelfth section of the act of March 3, 1863, "for enrolling and calling out the national forces," &amp;c. For the current draft one-fifth of the number enrolled in class one in the several districts has been fixed by him as the proportional part to be furnished. The numbers of class one enrolled in the first three districts of Maryland are, severally, 13,936, 11,492, and 14,664, and the quotas, severally, 2,787, 2,298, and 2,933.

In pursuance of the last clause of the section of the law just referred to the President has directed that the number of troops furnished by States in excess of all previous calls upon them should be deducted from the quota or one-fifth of the number enrolled in class one, and the draft he made in such States for the remainder.

By a return from the office of the Adjutant-General, dated June 30, 1863, it appears that the State of Maryland was at that date deficient, upon the calls of 1861 and 1862, to the extent of 13,803 men. Thirty-six hundred (some of them being six-moths" men, and counting but one-sixth each in determining the amount of credit to be allowed) have since been mustered in, but these, with all the colored troops raised, do not cover the existing deficiency; and this deficiency, you will observe, is not charged to the State nor any district in the present assignment of quotas.

From the progress made in raising recruits, whether white or colored, I should think there was not much probability of the State making up her deficiency very soon.

---------------

*For which, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p.529.

---------------

