
of the several States. Second, the only son liable to military duty of a widow dependent upon his labor for support. Third, the only son of aged or infirm parent or parents dependent upon his labor for support. Fourth, where them are two or more sons of aged or infirm parents subject to draft, the farther, or, if he be dead, the mother may elect which son shall be exempt. Fifth, the only brother of children not twelve years old, having neither farther nor mother, dependent upon his labor for support. Sixth, the farther of mortarless children under twelve years of age dependent upon his labor for support. Seventh, where there are a farther and sons in the same family and household, and two of them are in the military service of the United States as non- commissioned officers, musicians, or privates, the residue of such family and household not exceeding two shall be exempt. And no persons but such as are herein excepted shall be exempt: Provided, however, That no person who was has been convicted of any felony shall be enrolled or permitted to serve in said forces.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That the national forces of the United States not now in the military service, enrolled under this act, shall be divided into two classes: the first of which shall comprise all persons subject to do military duty between the ages of twenty and thirty-five years, and all unmarried persons subject to do military duty above the age of thirty-five and under the age of forty-five; the second class shall comprise all other persons subject to do military duty; and they shall not, in any district, be called into the service of the United States until those of the first class shall have bell called.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted. That for great convenience in enrolling, calling out and organizing the national forces, and for the arrest of deserters and spies of the enemy, the United States shall be divided into districts, of which the District of Columbia shall constitute one, each Territory of the United States shall constitute one or more, as the President shall direct, and each Congressional district of the respective States, as fixed by a law of the State next preceding the enrollment, shall constitute one: Provided, That in States which have not by their laws been divided into two or more Congressional districts the President of the United States shall divide the same into so may enrollment districts as he may deem fit and convenient.

SEC. 5. And be it father enacted, That for each of said districts there shall be appointed by the President a provost-marshal, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a captain of cavalry, or an officer of said rank shall be detailed by the President, who shall be under the direction and subject to the orders of a provost-marshal-general, appointed or detailed by the President of the United States whose office shall be at the seat of government, forming a separate bureau of the War Department, and whose rank, pay, and emoluments shall be those of a colonel a cavalry.

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the Provost-Marshal-General, with the approval of the Secretary of War, to make rules and regulations for the government of his subordinates; to furnish them with the names and residences of all deserters from the army, or any of the land forces in the service of the United States, including the militia, when reported to him by the commanding officers; to communicate to them all orders of the President in reference to calling out the national forces; to furnish proper blanks and instructions for enrolling and drafting; to file and preserve copies of all enrollment lists; to require stated reports of all proceedings on the part of his subordinates; to audit all accounts connected with the service under his direction; and to perform such other duties as the President may prescribed in carrying out the provisions of this act.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the provost-marshals to arrest all deserters, whether regulars, volunteers, militiamen, or persons called into the service under this or any other act of Congress, wherever they may be found, and to send them to the nearest military commander of military post; to detect, seize, and confine spies of the enemy, who shall, without unreasonable delay, be delivered to the custody of the general commanding the department in which they may be arrested, to be tried as soon as exigencies of the service permit; to obey all lawful order and regulations of the Provost- Marshal-General, and such as may be prescribed by law, concerning the enrollment and calling into service of the national forces.

SEC. 8. And be it further enacted, That in each of said districts there shall be a bard of enrollment, to be composed of the provost-marshal, as president, and two other persons, to be appointed by the President of the United States, one of whom shall be a licensed and practicing physician and surgeon.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the said board to divide the district into sub-districts of convenient size, if they shall deem it

