
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF OCCUPATION,Moorefield, Va., December 12, 1862.

TO THE CITIZENS OF MOOREFIELD:

The following articles are expected to be furnished by 4 p. m. in bulk. The citizens will equalize it among themselves: 1,200 pounds beef, 700 pounds pork, 1,150 flour, 1,200 pounds corn- meal. Citizens not having the articles named can furnish money or some eatable article.

By order of T. M. Harris, colonel, commanding;

JOHN McADAMS,

Lieutenant and Actg. Reg. Quartermaster, 10th Regiment Va. Vol. Inf.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CHEAT MOUNTAIN DIVISION, Numbers 39. Petersburg, W. va., December 20, 1862.

Whereas, loyalty to the Government of the United States is the highest and first duty of all citizens of that Government, and when not voluntarily yielded, must be enforced; and subordinated and next to this is the obligation of loyalty to the State in which they live;

And whereas, the Congress of the United States has recently recognized and admitted the State of West Virginia as one of the States of the Union;

And whereas, the said new State of West Virginia has avowed and demonstrated her loyalty to the General Government of the United States by sending Senators and Representatives to the Congress thereof and by furnishing nearly 20,000 troops for the Army of that Government to assist in the suppression of the present unjust rebellion, and is, therefore, entitled to the sincerest loyalty of all citizens within the Said State:

Therefore, it is ordered that all citizens, male and female, who are now, or may hereafter be, residents within the lines of this command, while within the limits of said State of West Virginia, shall, when called upon to do so by any provost-marshal or other officer of this division, take on oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States and to the State of West Virginia; and upon failure so to do when so called upon, he or she shall forfeit all right to the protection of the Cheat Mountain Division of the U. S. Army, or any part thereof.

By order of Brigadier General R. H. Milroy:

JNO. O. CRAVENS,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS POST, Numbers 2. Moorefield, Va., December 20, 1862.

General Orders, Numbers 39, from headquarters Cheat Mountain Division, are published for the information of the citizens of Hardy County, W. Va., and will be immediately enforced by this command.

All citizens of Moorefield and vicinity, in the country of Hardy, State of West Virginia, desiring the protection of the United States for their property and persons, are hereby notified to call at these headquarters and take an oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States and the State of West Virginia.

