
You will also please instruct your provost-marshals to make the same reports of recruits enlisted and rejected as are now required by existing regulations for draft men.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOSTON, October 20, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Into what organizations may our contingent of the new call enlist? Are any new regiments contemplated? Do not the bounties offered to raw recruits and veterans, respectively, in your recent circular apply? Do not recruiting officers receive some premiums? It is of great importance that our veteran regiments started on Department request should share all advantages of old regiments.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 20, 1863.

Major A. S. DIVEN, U. S. Army,

Actg. Asst. Provost-Marshal-General, Elmira, N. Y.:

MAJOR: I have received the communication of the 13th instant from yourself and Major Townsend, stating the result of an interview with His Excellency Governor Seymour and his quartermaster- general.

I hope you will commence to recruit as soon as possible. The proclamation of the President of the 17th instant explains the official status of the subject. If the State authorities and yourself think it best to pay premiums to every one, please let me know.

Circular Numbers 94 from this office places the responsibilities of seeing that no improper action is taken in relation to arresting men as deserters on the acting assistant provost- marshal-general, where it seems to me to properly belong, and I have not yet heard of any improper arrests in New York of the kind the Governor wishes to provide against. If, however, an evil of the kind feared should be found to arise in spite of the present precaution, I will then adopt the suggestions made or take some other steps to prevent it.

I see no advantage to the General Government, to the State, or to the recruits to arise from requiring the provost-marshals to turn over the clothing they have to the State quartermaster-general, to be issued by him; nor have I authority to make such a disposition of the property; nor do I see that any advantage would result from the abandonment of the present system in use by provost-marshals of transporting recruits, which thus far has proved entirely satisfactory.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

