
the quota due from her on the present draft, the quota named above (27,930), in case a draft is rendered necessary by a failure to raise volunteers, will be reduced by that number, 8,159-that is to say, to 19,771, which number, in reference to such draft, will be subject to a further reduction to the extent of all volunteers not hitherto credited, and such as may be raised in pursuance of the proclamation aforesaid.

If Your Excellency thinks best to subdivide the quotas herein assigned to Congressional districts, and allot proportional parts to smaller subdivisions of your State, I would suggest that for harmonizing the subject of credits hereafter you regard the enrollment of the first class made by this Bureau as the basis of assignment.

The provost-marshal-general of your State an the boards of enrollment in the several districts will give you all the aid in their power in this and all other matters connected with raising troops.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 21, 1863.

His Excellency SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa, Iowa City, Iowa:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that Iowa's quota of the 300,000 volunteers called for by the President's proclamation of the 17th instant is as follows: First District, 1,591; Second District, 1,704; Third District, 1,754; Fourth District, 1,703; Fifth District, 1,350; Sixth District, 808; total, 8,910.

Inasmuch, however, as there remains to the credit of Iowa 1,281 men, the surplus of her excess over all former calls as compared to the quota due from her on the current draft, the quota named above (8,910), in case a draft is rendered necessary by a failure to raise volunteers, will be reduced by that number (1,281)-that is to say, to 7,629, which number, in reference to such draft, will be subject to a further reduction to the extent of all volunteers not hitherto credited, and such as may be raised in pursuance of the proclamation aforesaid.

If Your Excellency thinks best to subdivide the quotas herein assigned to Congressional districts, and allot proportional parts to smaller subdivisions of your State, I would suggest that for harmonizing the subject of credits in drafts hereafter you regard the enrollment of the first class made by this Bureau as the basis of assignment.

The provost-marshal-general of your State and the boards of enrollment in the several districts will give you all the aid in their power in this and all matters connected with raising troops.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 21, 1863.

Governor COBURN,

Augusta, Me.:

It is not probable that both regiments of veteran infantry can be soon completed under existing orders. It would be best for the General Government for them to be consolidated. This would give

