
the General-in-Chief one fine regiment for immediate service, which is much needed. Can you not induce Colonels Fessenden and Beal to agree to this, and one take the colonelcy and the other the lieutenant-colonelcy? The good of the service seems to require this.

If an order is sent from here for the consolidation can you arrange it satisfactory to Colonels Fessenden and Beal?

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 21, 1863.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

Your contingent of the new call goes into your regiments whose times expire in 1864 and 1865. The Government desires that the organizations whose terms expire in 1864 be first filled. I have written Major Clarke on this subject, with orders to explain to you.

No new regiments are addressed by me to Governors of Maine and Vermont, in answer to similar inquiries and to their urgent request that the bounties might be used to fill the regiments they have been trying to organize.* The bounties offered to raw recruits in my recent letter to provost-marshals apply especially to this call, but only for such recruits-raw recruits-as go into old organizations. Veteran soldiers will get the veteran bounty whether they go into veteran organizations now in progress or in the field.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

SAINT LOUIS, October 21, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Has the Governor's letter to the President, dated 10th instant, been referred to you? Please answer immediately if terms of your circular to Governor of Ohio regarding bounties to volunteers can be applied to Missouri.

JNO. B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 21, 1863.

His Excellency HORATIO SEYMOUR,

Governor of New York, Albany, N. Y.:

Your quota of 300,000 volunteers called for by the President, based on enrollment of the first class, is, 38,268. This is exclusive of any deficiencies you may have on present draft or former calls, and these will be considered only in case another draft is necessary in January.

Letter by mail.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

---------------

*See Fry to Coburn, October 17, p. 888.

---------------

