
If Your Excellency thinks best to subdivide the quotas herein assigned to Congressional districts, and allot proportional parts to smaller subdivisions of your State, I would suggest that for harmonizing the subject of credits in drafts hereafter you regard the enrollment of the first class made by this Bureau as the basis of assignment.

The provost-marshal-general of your State and the boards of enrollment in the different districts will give you all the aid in their power in this and all other matters connected with raising troops.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 21, 1863.

Brigadier General ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor of Tennessee, and

Major STEARNS,

Supt. of Raising, Organizing, and Command of Colored Troops:

GENTLEMEN: You are authorized to appoint any persons whom you may deem suitable for raising, organizing, and commanding colored troops in the State of Tennessee, whether such persons have passed examination of the board or not, and upon your designating such persons to the proper Bureau at Washington proper commissions will be made out. This exception to the general order on this subject is deemed essential to the service in your locality.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 21, 1863.

His Excellency EDWARD SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis.:

SIR: I have the honor to hand you herewith a statement of the enrollment of the first class in Wisconsin, with the quota made thereon with excess and deficiencies credited and charged to districts in conformity with a statement received from you a few days since. The quotas are larger than named to you when in Washington, the difference resulting from the fact that actual returns show a larger enrollment than then estimated for unreported districts.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

