
SEC. 16. And be it further enacted, That as soon as te required number of able-bodied men liable to do military duty shall be obtained from the list of those drafted, the remainder shall be discharged. And all drafted persons reporting at the pace of rendezvous shall be allowed travelling pay from their places of residence; and all persons discharged at the place of rendezvous shall be allowed travelling pay to their places of residence; and all expenses connected with the enrollment and draft, including subsistence while at the rendezvous, shall be paid from the appropriation for enrolling and drafting, under such regulations as the President of the United States shall prescribe; and all expenses connected with the arrest and return of deserters to their regiments, or such other duties as the provost-marshals shall be called upon to perform, shall be paid from the appropriation for arresting deserters, under such regulations as the President of the United States shall prescribe: Provided, The provost-marshals shall in no case receive communication for transportation or for fuel and quarters but only for forage, when not furnished by the Government, together with actual expenses of postage, stationery, and clerk hire authorized by the Provost- Marshal-General.

SEC. 17. And be it further enacted, That any person enrolled and drafted according to the provisions of this act who shall furnish an acceptable substitute, shall thereupon receive from the board of enrollment a certificate of discharge from such draft, which shall exempt him from military duty during the time for which he was drafted; and such substitute shall be entitled to the same pay and allowances provided by law as if he had been originally drafted into the service of the United States.

SEC. 18. And be it further enacted, That such of the volunteers and militia now in the service of the United States as may re- enlist to serve one year, unless sooner discharged, after the expiration of their present term of service, shall be entitled to a bounty of fifty dollars, one-half of which to be paid upon such re-enlistment, and the balance at the expiration of the term of re-enlistment. And such as may re-enlist for two years, unless sooner discharged, after the expiration of their term of enlistment, shall receive, upon such re-enlistment, twenty-five dollars of the one hundred dollars bounty for enlistment provided by the fifth section of the act approved twenty-second of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, entitled "An act to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public property."

SEC. 19, And be it further enacted, That whenever a regiment of volunteers of the same arm, from the same State, is reduced to one-half the maximum number prescribed by law, the President may direct the consolidation of the companies of such regiment: Provided, That no company so formed shall exceed the maximum number prescribed by law. When such consolidation is made the regimental officers shall be reduced in proportion to the reduction in the number of companies.

SEC. 20. And be it further enacted, That whenever a regiment is reduced below the minimum number allowed by law, no officers shall be appointed in such regiment beyond those necessary for the command of such reduced number.

SEC. 21. And be if further enacted, That so much of the fifth section of the act approved seventeenth July, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, entitled "An act to amend an act calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union," and so forth, as requires the approval of the President to carry into execution the sentence of a court-martial, be and the same is hereby repealed, as far as relates to carrying into execution the sentence of any court-martial against any person convicted as a spy or deserter, or of mutiny or murder; and hereafter sentences in punishment of these offenses may be carried into execution upon the approval of the commanding general in the field.

SEC. 22. And be it further enacted, That courts-martial shall have power to sentence officers who shall absent themselves from their commands without leave to be reduced to the ranks, to serve three years or during the war.

SEC. 23. And be it further enacted, That the clothes, arms, military outfits, and accouterments furnished by the United States to any soldier shall not be sold, bartered, exchanged, pledged, loaned, or given away; and no person not a soldier or duly authorized officer of the United States, who was possession of any such clothes, arms, military outfits, or accouterments, furnished as aforesaid, and which have been the subjected of any such sale, barter, exchange, pledge, loan, or gift, shall have any right, title, or interest therein; but the same may be sixed and taken wherever found by any officer of the United States, civil or military, and shall thereupon be delivered to any quartermaster or other officer authorized to receive the same; and the possession of any such clothes, arms, military outfits, or accouterments by any person not a soldier or officer of the United States

