
SPECIAL ORDER.] WAR DEPARTMENT,

Louisville, Ky., October 22, 1863.

Ordered, 1. That the construction of the Northwest Railroad from Nashville to the Tennessee River at Reynoldsburg as a military road for the transportation of troops, army supplied, and for other military purposes, be placed in charge of Andrew Johnson, Military Governor of Tennessee, with full power to provide material, to employ a competent engineer, and other officers, agents, and workmen necessary to complete said line of railroad without delay. All officers agents, and workmen, and contracts for material necessary to the construction of said road, shall be under his general direction and control, subject to the approval of the Quartermaster-General.

2. Officers of the Quartermaster's Department shall be designated by the Quartermaster-General to draw rations and provide supplies for the forces engaged upon the work, and pay the expenses incurred from time to time under this order, when properly certified by the engineer in charge of the work and by Andrew Johnson, Military Governor of Tennessee.

3. Chief officer of commissary department at Nashville will furnish such rations and supplies for the forces engaged in constructing the Northwestern Railroad as may be necessary upon requisitions from the quartermasters referred to in this order.

4. The general manager of military railroads will provide, upon the requisition of Andrew Johnson, Military Governor of Tennessee, such engines and cars (so far as may be consistent with the transportation of army supplies) for construction purposes as may be necessary, and also to move fuel and other supplies to Nashville for the Government and for such other purposes and on such terms as may be approved by the Quartermaster-General.

5. As soon as the line is connected through between Nashville and Reynoldsburg it shall be turned over to the general manager of Government railways as a military road and be used for Government purposes in the same manner as other railroads in possession of the Government are, or may hereafter be, operated under orders of the Government as military lines.

6. Major-General Grant will furnish such military forces as may be necessary for the protection of the road and the working parties engaged thereon.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 22, 1863.

His Excellency ABNER COBURN,

Governor of Maine, Augusta, Me.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 9th instant respecting the clothing, equipments, &amp;c., for a cavalry regiment, which was referred to the Quartermaster-General, and has been returned to this Bureau with the information that the "Quartermaster's Department is prepared to supply the clothing as soon as notified that it is required."

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

