
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 22, 1863.

General J. B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Governor's letter to the President has not reached me. Your quota of 300,000 and the bounties under President's call will be communicated as soon as computed.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

A PROCLAMATION BY THE GOVERNOR.

The President of the United States has issued a proclamation calling upon the Governors of the different States to raise and have enlisted into the U. S. service their respective quotas of 300,000 men, to serve for a term not exceeding three years. The President has also proclaimed that if any State shall fail to raise the quota assigned to it by the War Department a draft for the deficiency will be made, commencing on the 5th of January, A. D. 1864. The quota of the State of New Jersey under said call has been assigned as 9,441. The quota of each township and ward will be speedily published by the adjutant-general. Credit for volunteers on said quota will be given to the respective townships and wards until the 4th day of January, 1864. No draft will be made for the deficiency of the 8,783 men assigned to the State in July last (and to fill which I called for volunteers by proclamation dated July 27, 1863) before the 5th day of January, 1864, and credits for volunteers on that call will also be given to the several townships and wards where deficiencies exist in their respective quotas, heretofore published by the adjutant- general of the State, until the 4th day of January, 1864. Therefore, the draft announced by the President to commence (in case of a failure to furnish volunteers) on the 5th of January next will be for the entire deficiency of any township or ward. I earnestly call upon all the citizens of this State to use every effort to raise these troops. The time for work is short, but if the people of New Jersey, who h ave hitherto never faltered in the discharge of duty, will unitedly, and in the proper spirit, at once enter upon it, with the determination not to fail, they will succeed. Our armies should be largely re-enforced. A crushing blow at the armed power of the rebellion, if followed by wise, just, and conciliatory counsels, will open the door to that peace which we so much desire and which has thus far eluded us. The people, amidst many discouraging circumstances, nobly responded to my former call for volunteers. Whatever may be the result of this appeal, the events of the past few months have reflected additional honor on our beloved State. I have confidence that the people will again respond and will with volunteers not only our quota of the new call, but also the small existing deficiency. I here repeat the request formerly made to the citizens of the State, to aid the raising of men by the bestowment of bounties, either individually or through the municipal authorities. It is true that a response to this request involves the expenditure of large sums of money, but every man must expect that a war of such gigantic magnitude as that in which we are engaged, to be ended speedily, requires pecuniary sacrifice. If war is to be prosecuted, it is economy to bring into the field a large preponderance of power, rather than feed its insatiate appetite by piece-

