
recruit the volunteer forces of the United States, which will be largely reduced during the coming year by the expiration of the terms of enlistment.

At this time the defenders of the National Capital are menaced by a superior force, the Army of the Cumberland is in an imperiled condition, and the military operations of the Government are delayed and hindered by the want of an adequate military power, and are threatened with serious disaster.

In this emergency it is the duty of all citizens to listen to the appeal put forth up the thinned ranks of our armies. It is due to our brethren in the field, who have battled so heroically for the flag of our country, the union of the State, and to uphold the Constitution, that prompt and voluntary assistance should be sent to them in this moment of their peril. They went forth in the full confidence that they would at all times receive from their fellow-citizens at home a generous and efficient support.

Every emotion of pride and patriotism should impel us to give this by voluntary and cheerful contributions of men and money, and not by a forced conscription or coercive action on the part of the Government.

The President also advises the citizens of the several States that in the event of the failure to raise the quotas assigned to them a draft shall be made for the deficiency, to commence on the 5th of January next.

Not only does duty to our soldiers in the field and the honor of the Nation demand that we shall continue to fill our armies by voluntary enlistments, but the interests of all classes in society will be promoted by the success of that system. The unequal burdens which conscription unavoidably inflicts on a portion of society not only cause great distress and injury to individuals, but are more hurtful to the whole community than the equalized distribution of the cost and sacrifices of volunteering which more perfectly adjust itself to the condition of all classes.

The bounties which will be paid by the General Government, and in this State by the government of New York, are extremely liberal and much larger than those heretofore given. They will aid the volunteers who shall enter the service to make immediate and ample provision for those dependent upon them. I expect all classes of our citizens to assist in recruiting volunteers called for from this State by their influence and by liberal contributions, and I call upon all State officials to give every assistance in their power to promote enlistments into our armies, and thus save our citizens from the inequalities, irregularities, and sufferings of the draft, and at the same time animate our soldiers by an exhibition of sympathy and patriotic devotion, and give strength to our armies in their battles for the preservation of the Union.

HORATIO SEYMOUR.

COLUMBUS, October 22, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY:

To enable me to make up an account of the men due the Government from-first, the date on which the

58 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

