
[Inclosure Numbers 1.] PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Portsmouth, N. H. October 21, 1863.

Major O. A. MACK,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of the report of Deputy Provost-Marshal John Legro of his operations in the town of Jackson.

I greatly regret that the persons concerned in the riotous proceedings there could not have been arrested, but they had all fled to the mountains.

Mr. Legro assures me privately that in his opinion there will be no difficulty in having a proper party start quickly for Jackson in the course of a few days, and arriving at Conway just at night, go forward to Jackson and arrest all those whom it may be desirable to have arrested the same night, and that this is the only way in which the arrests can be effected. I am convinced this is correct, and with your approbation propose to have it done at a proper time.

The presence of the troops has undoubtedly had a good effect, and officers can now go there safely and the haunts of deserters will be broken up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. GODFREY,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosure No. 2.] ROCHESTER, N. H., October 20, 1863.

Captain J. S. GODFREY,

Provost-Marshal, First Congressional District, N. H.:

CAPTAIN: Immediately after receiving your instructions of October 13 I proceeded to Jackson, N. H., when I met Deputy Provost- Marshal Hiram Paul, Enrolling Officer H. A. Godfrey, and the military guard that had been ordered to that place to assist in enforcing the draft.

Immediately on our arrival in town Colonel Wardwell, commander of the military guard, notified some of the leading men that it would be very gratifying to see the Stars and Stripes floating from the flag-staff of the town of Jackson; and in less than half an hour the order was promptly obeyed.

The sound of the bugle brought the more considerate part of the community to their senses, and caused the rebels to flee to the mountains, where they remained until we left town.

On the 17th Enrolling Officer Godfrey notified the concerned in the recent assault made on the officers who were sent to notify the conscripts; but as they had all left town we could not have the pleasure of arresting them, but are in hopes to be more successful on our next visit.

I think on the whole that our visit to Jackson will have a good effect on the inhabitants of that town, from the fact that on Sunday, October 18, they had religious services in the church, which I learned were the first religious services that had been held in that town for eighteen months.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN LEGRO,

Deputy Provost-Marshal.

