
his absence, and with the consciousness that his efforts will contribute to the perpetuity of our free institutions, the glory of our country, and the honor of her brave defenders. I summon, therefore, the loyal men of this State to aid in the speedy accomplishment of this work. I call upon the representatives of every class to contribute of their numbers and their means. Personal efforts and personal sacrifices are unworthy considerations in comparison with the immense issues at stake. Let not these be imperiled through our inactivity. I believe that a proper appreciation of the necessirnment on the part of the people of this State would render but a few days necessary to answer the call of the President upon us. I am too well acquainted with the results of determined effort in the past to doubt this.

vernor and Commander-in-Chief.

CIRCULAR.] STATE OF MAINE,
HEADQUARTERS ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Augusta, October 24, 1863.

PRESIDENT'S CALL OF OCTOBER 17, 1863, FOR 300,000 VOLUNTEERS.

Inasmuch as some few days must necessarily elapse before arrangements can be perfected for settling definitely the basis of quotas, and making the apportionment of troops required of this State, it is deemed essential that the work of volunteering should in the meantime progress with all possible celerity. The following principles are announced as governing future action in this behalf:

I. The call of the President for 300,000 volunteers is made without regard to the deficiencies of States or localities upon former calls and apportionments. No computations can therefore be entered into with the respective cities, towns, and plantations in this State for an alleged deficiency or surplus (if any) of volunteers furnished prior to the date when the Government draft was ordered, or of men or commutations obtained under the same.

II. In apportioning the quota of this State under the present call, Colonel Fry, the Provost-Marshal-General of the United States, says, "This is exclusive of any deficiency you may have on present draft or former calls, and these will be considered only in case another draft is necessary in January." If, therefore, the State fails to furnish and have mustered into the U. S. service its due quota of the troops required under this call, it is probable that the draft which may be ordered in January next will include not only the deficiency under this requisition, but also the State's deficiency as claimed by the War Department upon former calls.

III. All voluntary enlistment made since the U. S. draft was ordered of troops that have been duly mustered into the U. S. service, whether for regiments and corps in the field or for the veteran regiments now in process of enlistment and organization, constitute a portion of this State's quota of the present call, an d those places which have procured such volunteers or paid them bounty are entitled to credit for them upon the quota to be announced.

IV. While the commander-in-chief, Governor Coburn, and Major Gardinr, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, direct and control the work of recruiting, the respective municipal authorities of the various cities, towns, and plantations are earnestly requested to co-operate in this labor, so vital importance to the Government and

