
themselves, until its completion. Their suggestions and recommendations touching recruiting officers for their vicinities are invited and will receive most respectfully consideration.

V. The premiums and bounties provided by the General Government and State for all volunteer enlistments are on a scale of such munificence that, while all who can enter the service should do so, those who from age or physical infirmity are ineligible to enlistments may find it for their interest as well as honor to suspend their ordinary avocations for the work of obtaining soldiers for the Government until the full number required from this State is furnished.

VI. Two regiments of infantry and one of cavalry, to be composed almost wholly of members that have already served not less than nine months in the field and been honorably discharged, are now progressing in their enlistment and organization at Augusta. In all enlistments of new recruits or veteran soldiers, they can elect for a few weeks to enter either of these organizations with $100 State bounty or some regiment or corps in the field with bounty to veterans of $55; but after these three commands are filled, as they soon will be, every volunteer must of necessity be sent directly into the field.

VII. Under the resolve of the Legislature of January 27, 1863, authorizing "the Governor and commander-in-chief to continue the payment of $55 bounty to recruits for the three-years" regiments or batteries of Maine Volunteers so long as in his judgment the public exigencies require," this amount will be continued to veterans enlisted for organizations now in the field. To veterans or new recruits enlisting in the regiments now organizing will be paid the $100 State bounty authorized by an act of the Legislature approved March 26, 1863.

VIII. In view of the liability of veteran soldiers to be called into service under the operation of the next draft without State or Government bounty, it behooves them to embrace the present unparalleled advantages offered in completing the veteran organizations in this State, of entering a regiment of their choice with a State and Government bounty of $502-an amount sufficient to secure to any man of reasonable desires a comfortable and permanent home for himself and family.

JOHN L. HODSDON,

Adjutant-General.

BOSTON, October 24, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General:

Your letter said to have been mailed 19th instant not arrived. I am delayed by not receiving its information.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

SAINT LOUIS, October 24, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

Recruiting is at stand-still in consequence of [un]certainty about bounty. If you will say that new recruits will have bounty as promised to Ohio, we can furnish many volunteers immediately and decide the quota at your convenience.

JNO. B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri.

