
premium, and advance pay of $302 for new recruits for such organizations, or $402 for veterans. Please acknowledge receipt.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 25, 1863.

His Excellency JOEL PARKER,

Governor of New Jersey, Trenton, N. J.:

SIR: A statement of the quota of New Jersey of 300,000 called for by the President's proclamation of the 17th instant will be furnished you as soon as you have completed recruiting for the regiments now raising in your State; or if you desire, I will at once inform you of the number called for under that proclamation. As the increased bounty is offered only to recruits for old regiments, or those whose terms of service expire in 1864 or 1865, I have not sent you the quota under that call, thinking you would prefer not to receive it until you have filled the regiments now raising to supply the number called for by the draft. If you desire it, however, I will forward the statement at once.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 25, 1863.

Governor TOD,

Columbus, Ohio:

As you have filled your quota for the present draft before the day fixed for the drawing, the claims of the Government under this draft are satisfied, and the draft will not proceed. The recruits by which you have filled your quota being for old regiments in the field are of increased value on that account. It is hoped that similar success will attend your efforts in filling your quota of the 300,000 called for by the President's proclamation of the 17th.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 348. Washington, October 26, 1863.

The Provost-Marshal-General having been authorized, September 5, 1863, to organize the companies of the Invalid Corps into regiments, the limitation in paragraph 5, of General Orders, Numbers 173, under which no officer of the corps can receive a commission higher than the grade of major, is removed. The grades of colonel and lieutenant-colonel are authorized from September 5, 1863.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

