
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 26, 1863.

Orders, That the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 329,* in relation to the enlistments of colored troops, be, and they are hereby, extended to the State of Delaware. Recruiting stations will be established and recruiting conducted under the direction of the Governor of Delaware, subject to the orders of this Department.

By order of the President:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NATCHEZ, MISS., October 26, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I was very much gratified at receiving yesterday Special Orders, Numbers 452, and a copy of your letter of instructions to Brigadier-General Wadsworth to make a thorough inspection of the negro troops, &amp;c. I of course especially desire that a competent officer, such as I deem General Wadsworth, should from personal observation present to the Government the actual state of affairs in this region. I may find it necessary to send the general to Texas, and also to Pensacola, at which latter place I hope to organize one or more regiments. I have directed Brigadier- General Asboth, recently assigned to command in Western Florida, to gather in the negroes and organize them. I hope he will be able to operate into lower Alabama.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,On Board Steamer McClellan,

Mississippi River, October 26, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Referring to my communications upon the subject of charities in this department, most important and pressing, I inclose to you a communication from Colonel E. G. Beckwith, chief commissary of the department, giving a statement somewhat in detail of the disbursements in behalf of this interest. The approaching season of winter will increase the burden. Every possible exertion has been made to reduce the number of claimants without increasing public and private suffering, and, as you will see by this report, the appropriations have been reduced nearly one-half since my assumption of command. Under the previous administration more than $70,000 a month was expended this way. Now, about $30,000 covers all our disbursements. I have to repeat that the number of infirm and incapable negroes is increasing upon our hands. Beyond our lines the rebels force them upon us; and within our lines men cultivating Government plantations, and in some instances private planters, are quite willing to increase the value of able-bodied hands by throwing upon the charity

---------------

*See p. 860.

---------------

