
has any modifications to propose, learn what they are and report to me upon them. I wish to act so as to secure entire harmony between the United States and the State in this effort to raise volunteers.

The experience of the State officers in recruiting volunteers will doubtless enable them to suggest to you those men heretofore connected with the recruiting service, who will be best qualified to carry out the views of the Department in this particular.

I inclose a letter to His Excellency the Governor, which you will please examine and deliver.* In presenting the same I desire you to say to His Excellency anything you may think calculated to serve the object expressed in the letter.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 26, 1863.

His Excellency ABNER COBURN,

Governor of Maine, Augusta, Me.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a letter to Brigadier General R. A. Peirce, assistant quartermaster-general of Massachusetts. The principles contained in the letter will govern this Bureau so far as they may be applicable to your State.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Similar letter as above sent through acting assistant provost- marshals-general to their Excellencies the Governors of New Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island, and Connecticut.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 26, 1863.

Brigadier General R. A. PEIRCE,

Assistant Quartermaster-General of Massachusetts:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 23rd instant in behalf of His Excellency Governor Andrew, of Massachusetts, and to reply as follows:

You ask, first: 'Such officers of regiments in the field as the Governor may desire shall be detailed for recruiting service in the State and under the direction of the Governor, the detail being first made from regiments whose term of service expires in 1864."

You ask, second: "When practicable, old regiments shall be sent home to be recruited under the direction of the Governor."

You ask, third: "The volunteers enlisted under this call will remain under the control of the Governor, at such camps or rendezvous as he may designate, until ready to be sent to their regiments in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 75, War Department, series of 1862."

You ask, fourth: "The Governor to have such an arrangement as he may desire in regard to the amount and mode of payment of premiums for obtaining recruits for old regiments and the persons to whom it is to be paid. Premium not to exceed $25 for veterans and

---------------

*See October 22, p. 909.

---------------

