
$15 for new recruits, nor to be paid till the recruits are accepted by the United States."

I will do everything in my power to carry out the Governor's wishes in the four points expressed above.

Fifth. "Reports shall be frequently made to Major Clarke, U. S. Army, provost-marshal-general State of Massachusetts, of what is being done by the State; Major Clarke to have control of all expenses paid by the United States, the payment of bounties and premiums, and to be notified whenever recruits are ready to join their regiments."

Major Clarke, acting assistant provost-marshal-general, will be directed to keep himself in constant communication with the State authorities in the matter of this recruitment, and will have control of all expenses to be paid by the United States, the payment of bounties and premiums, and to report to the Provost- Marshal-General whenever recruits are ready to start for their regiments.

You ask, sixth: "Will the Governor be allowed to assure cities and towns who furnish their full quotas that they will not be liable to draft?"

The law as it exists does not permit me to give the assurance asked, but I will do what I can to have the matter set right by legislation.

You ask, seventh: "Will colored volunteers for the two colored regiments of Massachusetts, now in the field, be accepted as a part of the quota and receive the bounties paid to other recruits?"

They will be so accepted, but I cannot stat at this time whether they will receive the bounties.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C. October 26, 1863.

His Excellency HENRY A. SWIFT,

Governor of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that Minnesota's quota of the 300,000 volunteers called for by the President's proclamation of the 17th instant is as follows: First District, 1,515; Second District, 1,424; total, 2,939.

This quota is the proportion of the 300,000 men which Minnesota should furnish, according to the number of men of the first class enrolled in that State, and without any regard to the quota assigned her for the present draft or the number of men which may be obtained under that draft.

The quota of Minnesota for the present draft was as follows: First District, 735; Second District, 690; total, 1,425. The quota of Minnesota, therefore, under the next draft, if such draft shall be rendered necessary through a failure to raise sufficient volunteers, will be 2,939, her proportion of the general quota of 300,000 under the proclamation of October 17, 1863, and, in addition, the deficiency, whatever it may be, if any, under the current draft for 1,425, such deficiency being subject to reduction by any excess of volunteers over 2,939, her proportion of the number called for by the President's proclamation of October 17, 1863.

If Your Excellency thinks it best to subdivide the quotas herein assigned to Congressional districts, and allot proportional parts to

59 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

