
guided in this matter by the number of officers available for the recruiting service.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR. WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, BUREAU FOR ORGANIZATION OF COLORED TROOPS, Numbers 1. Washington, D. C., October -, 1863.

In accordance with orders from the President of the United States the following recruiting stations have been established for colored troops in the State of Maryland:

Baltimore: Havre de Grace, Harford County; Broad Creek, Cecil County; Chestertown, Kent County; Queenstown, Queen Anne County; Kent Island Landing, Kent County; Oxford, Talbot County; Slaughter's Creek, Dorchester County; Princess Anne Wharf, Somerset County; Forrest Wharf, Saint Mary's County; Leonardtown, Saint Mary's Country; Benedict, Charles Country; Lower Marlborough, Calvert County; Monocacy, Frederick County; Hagerstown, Washington County; Annapolis, Anne Arundel County; Ellicott's Mills, Howard County; Cherrystone Creek, Northampton County [Va.]; Chesconessex, Accomac County [Va.].

All claims by alleged owners of slaves who may be enlisted will be laid before the Board appointed by the President, and consisting of Hugh L. Bond, Thomas Timmons, L. E. Straughn.

The Board will hold its sessions at Baltimore, Md.

Rolls and recruiting lists will be furnished the Board for public information, and on demand exhibited to any person claiming that his or her slave has been enlisted.

Claims must be presented within ten days after the filing of the said rolls.

No claims will be received or entertained from any person who is or has been engaged in rebellion against the Government of the United States, or who in any way has given aid, or shall give aid, or comfort to the enemies of the Government; and all claimants shall file with their claims an oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States.

Colonel William Birney, Second U. S. Colored Troops, recruiting and mustering officer for the State of Maryland, will furnish official copies of all muster-in-rolls for the information and guidance of the above Board.

Any citizen of Maryland who shall offer his or her slave for enlistment into the military service shall, if such slave be accepted, receive from the recruiting officer a certificate thereof, with a descriptive list of such slave, and become entitled to compensation for the service or labor of said slave, not to exceed the sum of $300, upon filing with the above board a valid deed of manumission and release, and making satisfactory proof of title, and any slave so enlisting shall be forever thereafter free.

All enlistments will be made in accordance with the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 329, current series, War Department.*

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. W. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General of Volunteers.

---------------

*See p. 860.

---------------

