
a like board; and if upon such second examination and ordnance officer fail, he shall be dismissed from the service, and if an officer of the Army he shall not be commissioned.

SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That section two of the act approved March three, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, entitled "An act to provide for the payment of horses and other property lost or destroyed in the military service of the United States," shall be constructed to include the steam-boats and other vessels, and "railroad engineers and cars," in the property to be allowed and paid for when destroyed or lost under the circumstances provided for in said act.

SEC. 6, And be it further enacted, That all payments of advance bounty made to enlisted men who have been discharged before serving out the term required by law for its payment in full, shall be allowed in the settlement of the accounts of paymasters at the Treasury, but hereafter, in all such cases, the amount so advanced shall be charged against the enlisted men, unless the discharge be upon surgeon's certificate for wounds received or sickness incurred since their last enlistment.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That upon any requisition hereafter being made by the President of the United States for militia, any person who shall have volunteered of been drafted for the service of the United States for the term of nine months, or a shorter period, may enlist into a regiment from the same State to serve for the term of one year, and any person so enlisting shall be entitled to and receive a bounty of fifty dollars, to be paid in time and manner provided by the act of July twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, for the payment of the bounty provided for by that act.

SEC. 8. And be it further enacted, That the officers of the Medical Department shall unite with the line officers of the Army under such rules and regulations as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of War in supervising the cooking within the same, as an important sanitary measure, and that said Medical Department shall promulgate to its officers such regulations and instructions as may tend to insure the proper preparation of the ration of the soldier.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That cooks shall be detailed, in turn, from the privates of each company of troops in the service of the United States, at the `rate of one cook for each company numbering less than thirty men, and two cooks for each company numbering over thirty men, who shall serve ten days each.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted, That the President of the United States he, and he is hereby, authorized to cause to be enlisted, for each cook, two under cooks of African descent, who shall receive for their full compensation ten dollars per month and one ration per day - three dollars of said monthly pay may be in clothing.

SEC. 11. And be it further enacted, That the army ration shall hereafter include pepper, in the proportion of four ounces to every hundred rations.

SEC. 12. And be it further enacted, That the increase of rank of officers, and in the number of officers provided for in this act, shall continue only during the existence of the present rebellion; and thereafter the several officers promoted under this act shall have the respective rank they would have had of this act had not passed, and the number shall be reduced by the President to the number authorized by law prior to the passage of this act.

Approved March 3, 1863.

VIII. PUBLIC - Numbers 58.

AN ACT making appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the Government for the year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and for other purposes.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, for the objects hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, viz:

* * * * * * *

SEC. 17. And be it further enacted, That the Signal Corps of the Army shall, during the present rebellion, be organized as follows: There shall be one chief signal officer, a colonel, who shall be signal officer of the Army; one lieutenant-colonel; two majors, who shall be inspectors; and for each army corps or military department there shall be one captain, and as many lieutenants, not exceeding eight, as the President may deem necessary, to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, who shall receive the pay and emoluments of cavalry officers of similar grades; and for each officer of the Signal

