
States, and when required may be taken. Such is the case with plantations, crops, &amp;c., owned by them, which the commissioners may take possession of and lease the plantations to loyal citizens.

III. The plantations of men of undoubted loyalty, especially those who have been so from the beginning of the rebellion, will be occupied and managed by themselves or leased by them to loyal citizens. In case they do neither, the commissioners may take possession and lease, as in the above case.

IV. Men of doubted loyalty, if permitted to cultivate their plantations, will be required to take as a partner a loyal citizen.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 27, 1863.

Honorable JOSEPH A. GILMORE,

Governor of New Hampshire, Concord, N. H.:

Your request that your State may raise one regiment of cavalry, and also another company of heavy artillery for home use, has been considered and cannot be granted. The service requires that all the troops that can be raised by volunteering or draft should go to fill up the old regiments because their value is thus more than doubled.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

STATE OF WISCONSIN, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Madison, October 27, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: In accordance with our understanding I have issued the inclosed proclamation to the people, but learn to my surprise to- day that neither Lieutenant-Colonel Lovell, acting assistant provost-marshal for this State, nor Major Sitgreaves, mustering officer, have yet received instructions concerning the bounties for recruits for old regiments.

Colonel Lovell also informs me that he had been instructed that the quotas of districts and sub-districts would be assigned by you and sent him. If that is so, will he not be instructed to credit what arises down to the day of the draft from the time covered by your assignment? I understood this to be the principal reason for making him recruiting superintendent. Please give him full and explicit instructions upon all points, since he seems to be very much in the dark about everything concerning the draft and the manner of giving credit, &c., for want of instructions.

He also stated to me that he did not know whether the draft was to be executed in the whole State at the same time or successively by districts. I informed him that you said you would leave that to the judgment of General Pope and myself, and that the draft should be made by districts, one after another. I have since then conferred with General Pope, and he and I agree in the propriety of commencing with the First District and continuing it numerically by districts until finished.

Very respectfully,

EDWARD SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin.

