
regiment in the field one month's pa in advance and a bounty and premium of $302, as follows:

1. At the general rendezvous, and before leaving the same to join his regiment or company, the recruit accepted under this authority will be paid one month's pay in advance, $13; first installment of bounty, $60; premium, $2; total pay before leaving general rendezvous, $75. To be paid in cash, or checks for transmittal, in whole or in part, as the recruit may desire.

2. At the first regular pay-day, or two months after muster-in, an additional installment of bounty will be paid, $40, making pay and bounty then received, $66.

3. At the first regular pay-day after six months" service, in addition to the pay, he shall be paid, in addition, installment of bounty, $40.

4. At the first regular pay-day after the end of the first year's service, in addition to his pay an additional installment of bounty will be paid, $40.

5. At the first regular pay-day after eighteen months" service, in addition to his pay an additional installment of bounty will be paid $40.

6. At the first regular pay-day after two years" service, in addition to his pay an additional installment of bounty will be paid, $40.

7. At the expiration of three years" service, or to any soldier who may be honorably discharged after two years" service, the remainder of the bounty will be paid, $40.

If the Government shall not require these troops for the full period of three years, and they shall be mustered honorably out of the service before the expiration of their term of enlistment, they shall receive, upon being mustered out, the whole amount of bounty remaining unpaid, the same as if the full term had been served. The legal heirs of recruits who die in service shall be entitled to receive the whole bounty remaining unpaid at the time of the soldier's death. Veterans received one month's pay in advance and a bounty and premium of $402, in installment, as heretofore published, and may enlist in any old or new regiment.

Persons now veterans, enlisting in any of the new organizations in this State, to wit, the Thirty-fifth Infantry, or any of the new artillery companies, will receive one month's pay in advance, and the ordinary bounty of $100, as heretofore published. Besides the Thirty-fifth Regiment and the artillery companies now in precess of organization no new organizations will be formed, but recruiting will be confined to old regiments.

By furnishing the number of men required from any town or ward by volunteering before the 5th day of January, such town or ward will be exempt from the draft mentioned in the proclamation of the President, and which is to be made to fill the deficiency then existing in any State.

It is also probable that any deficiency arising on the present draft or existing on any previous call in any of the States will be made up by the draft on the 5th of January next.

Enlistments for old regiments may be made through the assistant provost-marshals and through recruiting officers detailed for that purpose from the field. The whole subject of the draft, recruiting, and enlistments are under the control of the Provost- Marshal-General and his assistants.

As the people of Wisconsin have evinced their patriotism heretofore upon every occasion where the Nation has made a call for men in the present great national struggle, I trust that they will not fail to

