
fill their quota of volunteers under this call by the appointed day. The rebellion has received many a severe blow during the past two years. It has been crippled and narrowed down; all its hopes of aid from without have failed; the last able-bodied white man in its power has been driven into its ranks; it can make but one last desperate effort with its armies now in the field. Under these circumstances, shall our National Government-shall our brave men in the field- call in vain for re-enforcements by volunteering? I trust not. We cannot and must not stop halfway, but must sustain our brave brothers in the field and struggle on until this rebellion is suppressed. If this new call for volunteers, intended to fill the ranks of the decimated old veteran regiments, is answered promptly, it will give more real strength to our Army than any previous call has ever done, because the strength and value of the new levy will not be crippled and wasted by inexperienced officers, but will be made to tell its full weight and power under experienced leaders.

In testimony thereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the great seal of the State to be affixed this 24th day of October, A. D. 1863.

EDWARD SALOMON.

By the Governor:

EDWARD ILSLEY,

Assistant Secretary of State.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., October 28, 1863.

Honorable ANDREW JOHNSON,

Nashville, Tenn.:

If not too inconvenient, please come at once and have a personal consultation with me.

A. LINCOLN.

STATE OF OHIO, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, October 28, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have your favor of the 19th instant* fixing the quota of this State of the 300,000 volunteers called for by the President's proclamation of the 17th instant.

I deem it advisable to allot the proportional parts to smaller subdivisions than Congressional districts, and will adopt the mode you recommend to accomplish that end.

Respectfully, yours,

DAVID TOD,

Governor.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 351. Washington, October 29, 1863.

The employment of women nurses in the U. S. general hospitals will in future be strictly governed by the following rules:

1. Persons approved by Miss Dix or her authorized agents will receive from her, or them, "certificates of approval," which must be

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

