
WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 29, 1863.

Major J. W. T. GARDINER,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for Maine, Augusta, Me.:

MAJOR: The Provost-Marshal-General directs me to say that he desires you to push to an early completion the business of the draft in the districts under your charge, so that the respective boards of enrollment may be enabled to devote their entire energies to the recruiting of volunteers, as already ordered by this Bureau.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 29, 1863.

Colonel ROBERT NUGENT,

69th N. Y. Vols., Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for New York City:

COLONEL: I inclose herewith letters of instructions to the provost-marshals of the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth Districts of New York in relation to procuring recruits. You will please see that the scheme proposed is carried out in the most favorable manner practicable.

You will forward them to the provost-marshals with instructions to commence the enlistment of these volunteers, as herein directed, at once.

In relation to the persons to be deputized for each district as recruiting agents, I wish you to confer with the State authorities and see that the most suitable selections are made. The experience of the State officers in recruiting volunteers will doubtless enable them to suggest to you those men heretofore connected with the recruiting service who will be best qualified to carry out the views of the department in this particular.

On this point I desire you to be careful to secure and give consideration to the views of the Governor and his adjutant- general. I inclose a copy of a letter of the 21st ultimo [instant] to His Excellency the Governor, which you will please examine.*

I desire you to say to His Excellency anything you may think calculated to secure the object expressed in the letter.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 29, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES S. LOVELL, U. S. Army,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General for Wisconsin, Madison, Wis.:

COLONEL: I inclose herewith letters to the boards of enrollment of the six districts of Wisconsin, directing that a draft be made in those districts for the numbers assigned to the several sub- districts. The quotas of the districts were as follows: First District, 2,768; Second District, 1,251; Third District, 1,079; Fourth District, 2,049; Fifth District, 1,894; Sixth District, 1,139. The draft will be for these

---------------

*See p. 906

---------------

