
Corps there may be enlisted or detailed one sergeant and six privates, who shall receive the pay of similar grades of engineer soldiers: Provided, That no officer or enlisted man shall be allowed to serve in the Signal Corps until he shall have been examined and approved by a military board, to be convinced for that purpose by the Secretary of War.

SEC. 18. And be it further enacted, That the officers and enlisted men herein provided for shall be subject to the Rules and Articles of War. They may be mounted upon horses, the property of the United States, and shall serve in any military department, or with any forces to which they may be ordered. And officers of the Army who may be appointed in this corps may, after the rebellion, be restored to their respective regiments or corps, and receive the same rank and promotion as if they had continued to serve therein.

SEC. 19. And be it further enacted, That there shall be appointed in the office of the signal officer two clerks of class two. And in selecting officers and men for the organization of the Signal Corps, as herein provided, preference shall be given to such as have served faithfully, or as are now serving in the acting signal corps of the army.

SEC. 20. And be it further enacted, That, in order to allow time for their thorough examination, the President may appoint the officers authorized by this act during the recess of Congress, which appointments shall be submitted to the Senate at their next session for their advice and consent.

* * * * * * * e it further enacted, That every judge-advocate of a court-martial or court inquiry, hereafter to be constituted, shall have power ot issue the like process to compel witness to appear and testify, which courts of criminal jurisdiction within the State, Territory, or district where such military courts shall be ordered to sit may lawfully issue.

Approved March 3, 1863.

IX. PUBLIC RESOLUTION - Numbers 14.

A RESOLUTION to facilitate the payment of sick and wounded soldiers in the hospitals and convalescent camps.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Paymaster- General be, and he hereby is, authorized and directly to take immediate measures for the prompt payment of the sick and wounded soldiers in the convalescent camps, hospitals, and elsewhere, so that they may be fully paid within sixty days from and after the passage hereof.

Approved March 3, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XI. PUBLIC - Numbers 60.

AN ACT relating to habeas corpus, and regulating judicial proceedings in certain cases.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That, during the present rebellion, the President of the United States, whenever, in his judgment, the public safety may require it, is authorized to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in any case throughout the United States, or any part thereof. And whenever and wherever the said privilege shall be suspended, as aforesaid, no military or other officer shall be compelled, in answer to any writ of habeas corpus, to return the body of any person or persons detained by him by authority of the President; but upon the certificate, under oath, of the officer having charge of any one so detained, that such person is detained by him as a prisoner, under authority of the President, further proceedings under the writ of habeas corpus shall be suspended by the judge or court having issued the said writ so long as said suspension by the President shall remain in force and said rebellion continue.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of State and the Secretary of War be, and they are hereby, directed, as soon as may be practicable, to furnish to the judges of the circuit and district courts of the United States and of the District of Columbia a list of the names if all persons, citizens of States in which the administration of the laws has continued unimpaired in the said Federal courts, who are now or may hereafter be, held as prisoners of the United States, by order or authority of the President of the United States, of either of said Secretaries, in any fort, arsenal, or other place, as State or political prisoners, or otherwise than

