
agamont, I think it can be so reduced as to make it admittedly one of the cheapest as well as effective branches of the service.

The experience of the past year has thus confirmed the views before brought before the Department at the outbreak of the rebellion, and in the annual reports of 1861 and 1862, of the importance to the signal service of field telegraph trains with portable lines; that is, lines to be transported with instruments and apparatus complete, and to be set up anywhere the exigencies of the service require. The service of these trains is a necessary branch of corps duty, and from the beginning of the war it has been aimed to perfect it. I recommend its further development. The facilities placed within the control of this office by the War Department, and the appropriations granted for the purpose at the last session of Congress, will permit it to be tested to its full efficiency.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT J. MYER,

Colonel and Signal Officer of the Army.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 30, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. BUCHANAN,

Fourth Infty., Actg. Prov. March General, Trenton, N. J.:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 27th instant has been received. You say that the State authorities are not inclined to assist the provost-marshals in carrying out the requirements in relation to the recruiting service, because the recommendations of recruiting agents are not made by the Governor, who is required to furnish the volunteers. I am not particular that the provost-marshals shall have the control of recruiting agents. The great object is to get the troops, and I desire to see the State authorities and make such arrangements with them, in regard to appointment of recruiting agents and such other details to facilitate the raising of troops, as shall meet the wishes and views of the Governor and the State authorities. The call for the volunteers is made upon the Governor, and it is desirable to give him a leading part in procuring them. You will please do whatever may be necessary to secure the active co-operation of the State authorities and render the enlistment of recruits as popular and speedy as possible, and report to me what steps you may take in the matter.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 30, 1863.

His Excellency EDWARD SALOMON,

Governor of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that Wisconsin's quota of the 300,000 volunteers called for by the President's proclamation of the 17th instant is as follows: First District, 2,204; Second District,

61 R R-VOL SERIES III, VOL II

