
1,830; Third District, 1,512; Fourth District, 1,447; Fifth District, 1,726; Sixth District, 1,800; total 10,519.

This quota is the proportion of 300,000 men which Wisconsin should furnish, according to the number of men of the first class enrolled in that State and without any regard to the quota assigned for the draft now ordered in Wisconsin.

The quota of Wisconsin for the present draft is as follows: First District 2,768; Second District, 1,251; Third District, 1,079; Fourth District, 2,049; Fifth District, 1,894, Sixth District, 1,139; total, 10, 180.

The quota, therefore, of Wisconsin for the next draft (by which will be understood the draft contingently authorized by the President's proclamation of the 17th instant, and not that recently ordered in Wisconsin to take place on the 19th proximo), in case such second draft shall be rendered necessary by a failure to raise sufficient volunteers, will be 10,519, her proportion of the general quota of the 300,000 men under the proclamation of the 17th instant (or such portion of that number as may not be filled by volunteers under the proclamation), and in addition the deficiency, whatever it may be, which may arise under the present draft. This deficiency, however, is subject to be reduced by all volunteers not previously credited, as well as by any the State may raise in excess of her quota (10,519) under the proclamation.

If Your Excellency thinks best to subdivide the quotas herein assigned to Congressional districts, and allot proportional parts to smaller subdivision of your State, I would suggest that for harmonizing the subject of credits in drafts hereafter you regard the enrollment of the first class as made by this Bureau as the basis of assignment.

The provost-marshal-general of your State and the boards of enrollment in the different districts will give you all the aid in their power in this and all other matters connected with raising troops.

I have the honor to, be sir you obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 31, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to present the following report upon the several branches of the public service committed to the charge of this department for the year ending June 30, 1863:

During the last two years many of the officers of the Corps of Engineers have been commissioned in the volunteer service as general officers and colonels in command of troops, as well as on general staff duty in the volunteer forces. A number of others are detached from the Engineer Department for service in their special sphere with the armies in the field, both with engineer troops and on engineer staff duty.

By the act of March 3, 1863, the Corps of Engineers and the Corps of Topographical Engineers were united in a single organization as "The Corps of Engineers, " and the duties of the two, heretofore divided, are now discharged by the new corps, which, in accordance

