
D.

U. S. MIL. TEL., ASST. QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Cleveland, Ohio, September 30, 1863.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 13, dated July 22, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report:

My commission of captain and quartermaster was accepted on the 28th of September, 1862, and on the 10th of October, 1862, I was stationed a this place under the following order:

U. S. MILITARY TELEGRAPH, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., October 10, 1862.

Captain R. P. WADE,

Assistant Quartermaster, Cleveland, Ohio:

Your are assigned to duty as assistant superintendent of U. S. military telegraph lines in the territory north of the Ohio River and east of the Mississippi River, and you will be especially charged with the distribution of telegraph supplies for the various departments of the military telegraph. Other assistant superintendents are directed to make requisition upon your office for supplies.

Very respectfully,

ANSON STAGER,

Colonel, Assistant Quartermaster, and Supt. U. S. Mil. Tel.

I have been on duty at this place to this date, furnishing supplies to all of the telegraph departments. Said supplies were exclusively for the U. S. military telegraph, being wire, insulators, submarine cables, battery material and stationery. No public property in my possession has been "lost, destroyed, or captured;" neither has any rebel property fallen into my hands.

No property mentioned in the tabular form of General Orders, Numbers 13, has been in my possession during the year.

Amount of funds received from all sources previous to June 30, 19=863, $52,432.44; amount of funds expended previous to June 30, 1863, $52,244.04; amount of funds remaining on hand June 30, 1863, $188.40.

No transportation accounts have been settled or contracted by me, as all supplies purchased and shipped by me to the various military telegraph departments have thus far been sent subject to charges for freight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. P. WADE,

Captain, A. Q. M., and Asst. Supt. U. S. Mil. Tel.

E.

OFFICE ASST. SUPT. U. S. PH,

Saint Louis, Mo., October 2, 1863.

Colonel ANSON STAGER,

General Superintendent Military Telegraph, Cleveland, Ohio:

In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 13, I have the honor to report that I was assigned to duty as assistant quartermaster and assistant superintendent U. S. military telegraph for the Department of the Missouri in September, 1862, by Colonel Anson Stager, assistant quartermaster and general superintendent military telegraphs, to

