
confer brevet rank upon such commissioned officers of the volunteers and other forces in the United States service as have been, or may hereafter be, distinguished by gallant actions or meritorious conduct; which rank shall not entitle them to any increase of pay or emoluments.

Approved March 3, 1863.

XIII. PUBLIC - Numbers 62.

AN ACT for the relief of certain persons who have performed the duties of assistant surgeon in regiments of cavalry.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That physicians and surgeons who have since the second day of July last been duly appointed and commissioned as second assistant surgeons in volunteer regiments of cavalry, and as such have been duly mustered into the military service of the United States, and actually performed the duties appertaining to that office, shall be paid therefor in like manner and upon like proof as other assistant surgeons of cavalry: Provided, That not more than two assistant surgeons to each regiment shall be allowed and paid for services performed at one and the same time.

Approved March 3, 1863.

XIV. PUBLIC - Numbers 63.

AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to authorize the Employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public property" approved July twenty-two, eighth hundred and sixty-one. - (See General Orders, Numbers 49, of 1861.)

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That every non- commissioned officer, private, or other person, who has been or shall hereafter be discharged from the Army of the United States within two years from the date of their enlistment, by reason of wounds received in battle, shall be entitled to receive the same bounty as is granted or may be granted to the same classes of persons who are discharged after a service of two years, and all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with this are hereby repealed.

Approved March 3, 1863.

XV. PUBLIC - Numbers 99.

AN ACT to provide for the collection of abandoned property and for the prevention of frauds in insurrectionary districts within the United States.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury, from an after the passage of this act, as he shall form time to time see fit, to appoint a special a special agent or agents to receive and collect all abandoned or captured property in any State or Territory, or any portion of any State or Territory of the United States, designated as in insurrection against the lawful Government hundred and sixty-two; Provided, That such property shall not include any kind or description which was has been used, or which was intended to be used for waging or carrying on war against the United States, such as arms, ordnance, ships, steamboats, or other water craft, and the furniture, forage, military supplies, or munitions of war.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That any part of the goods or property received or collected by such agent or agents may be appropriated to public use on due appraisement and certificate thereof, or forwarded to any place of sale within the loyal States, as the public interests may require; and all sales of such property shall be at auction to the highest bidder, and the proceed thereof shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Treasury may require the special agents appointed under this act to give a bond, with such securities and in such amount as he shall deem necessary, and to require the increase of said amounts, and the strengthening of said security, as circumstances may demand; and he shall also cause a book or books of account to be kept, showing from whom such property was received, the cost of transportation, and proceeds of the sale thereof. And any person claiming to have been the owner of any such abandoned or captured property may, at any time within two years after the suppression of the rebellion, prefer his claim to the proceeds thereof in the Court of Claims; and on proof to the satisfaction of said court of his owner-ship of said property, of his right to the proceeds thereof, and that he has never

