
PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 1, 1863.

Colonel ROBERT NUGENT,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, New York City,

Major FREDERICK TOWNSEND,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Albany, N. Y.,

Major A. S. DIVEN,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Elmira, N. Y.:

The representations made by Dean Richmond and Peter Cagger in a printed circular, dated October 27, 1863, in respect to the action of the Provost-Marshal-General, are untrue. It is not true that the State of New York is charged as with a deficiency for every citizen who has paid the $300 communication money, receiving no credit therefor. On the contrary, the State receives the same credit for a man who has paid commutation as if the drafted citizen had gone in person or furnished a substitute, and in like manner towns which have raised the money to pay for their quotas receive the same credit as if actual substitutes had been furnished, and the President has ordered that every citizen who has paid the $300 commutation shall receive the same credit therefor as if he had furnished a substitute and is exonerated from military service for the time for which he was drafted, to wit, for three years.

As the misrepresentations of Dean Richmond and Peter Cagger have been published and circulated for electioneering purposes, it is proper that you give them immediate correction.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

NEW YORK, November 1, 1863.

Colonel JAMES B. FRY:

I have just seen Mr. Greeley, who will have the dispatch published and copies sent to all the papers in the city.

I have given instructions to telegraph company to have it sent to Associated Press all over the State, so that it will appear to- morrow morning and all over the country.

R. NUGENT,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, November 2, 1863.

Governor BRADFORD, Baltimore, Md.:

I revoke the first of the three propositions in General Schenck's General Orders, Numbers 53,* not that it is wrong in principle, but because the military being of necessity exclusive judges as to who shall be arrested, the provision is too liable to abuse. For the revoked part I substitute the following:

That all provost-marshals and other military officers do prevent all disturbance and violence at or about the polls, whether offered by such persons as above described, or by any other person or persons whomsoever.+

The other two propositions of the order I allow to stand. My letter at length will reach you to-night.

A. LINCOLN.

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. XXIX, Part II, p.394.

+ Promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 55, Middle Department, November 2, 1863, adobe, p. 411.

---------------

