
intrusted with this duty have in every instance been furnished with either written or printed instructions, of which the following is one clause:

The officers and men are to be cautioned not to commit or permit any unlawful violence. They must not enter into political discussions, and to remember that while protecting the polls from rebel sympathizers they are conservators of the peace and are there to support the judges of election.

Even Governor Bradford could scarcely object to this.

I now repeat to the provost guards that instruction, and enjoin upon them that while they enforce the observance of the general order firmly and faithfully as directed, they do it in every respect discreetly and temperately.

I append copies of the President's letter and of the general order, modified.*

ROBERT C. SCHENCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF CAVALRY BUREAU,

Washington, D. C., November 4, 1863.

[General GEORGE STONEMAN:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose for your information a list, marked Exhibit A, showing the number of cavalry regiments in service the 6th day of August, 1863, by referring to which you will perceive that there were in service at that date 174 regiments, having (August 6, 1863) an aggregate of 134,883 and an effective strength of 109,126.

An additional list is also inclosed, marked Exhibit B, showing that thirty-three regiments have been authorized to be raised since August 1. A majority of these regiments have been already organized and some have taken the field. I would call your attention to the paper marked Exhibit C, showing the number and effective strength of the regiments serving in the various departments and armies.

The information which has been obtained in regard to the condition of the cavalry arm of the service, although very meager, shows it to be good, notwithstanding the unprecedentedly arduous service it has been called upon to perform all over the country.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. ALEXANDER,

First Lieutenant, Third Cavalry, Assistant Chief of Cavalry.

---------------

* See p. 982, ante, and Series I, Vol. XXIX, Part II, p. 411.

---------------

