
HARDFORD, November 4, 1863.

Colonel J. B. FRY:

From your letter dated October 19 I infer that if Connecticut shall furnish 5,432 volunteers before the 5th of January no draft will be made for any deficiency under former calls until the President makes another call. As our General Assembly is in session, and its action will depend very much upon the correctness of my interpretation of your letter, I would respectfully ask you to advise me at once whether I am right or not.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 4, 1863.

His Excellency SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa, Iowa City:

GOVERNOR:I am in receipt of your letter of October 31 asking that authority be granted to recruit in Missouri enough colored men to complete the regiment now organization at Keokuk. I intend to commence in a very short time a system of recruiting colored troops in Missouri, and will fill up the Keokuk regiment from the first regiment obtained. I cannot permit officers of the abuses which necessarily result and the consequent disturbance in the country.

Permit me to suggest that the men you now have be organized into full companies and I will have the remaining companies of the regiment organized in Saint Louis, so that the whole regiment may be sent South with as little delay as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

By O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.

A Proclamation by His Excellency Joseph A. Gillmore, Governor of the State of New Hampshire.

The President of the United States has issued a proclamation calling upon the Governors of the loyal States to raise for the service of the United States before the 5th day of January next 300,000 volunteers. The quota for New Hampshire under this call will be as follows:

For the First Congressional District...............1,390

For the Second Congressional District..............1,129

For the Third Congressional District...............1,249

------

Total..............................................3,768

The quotas of the different towns and wards will be announced as speedily as possible from the adjutant-general's office.

I would impress upon the loyal citizens of New Hampshire the fact that this call of the President is not unnecessary. The recent draft has furnished very few men to our armies. The term of service of many of our volunteers is about to expire. If were throw into the field

63 R R-SERIES III, VOL III

