
a fresh army of "300,000 more" before the 1st of January their term of service will be short, while they will win the same honor and emoluments with those who have "borne the burden and heat of the day." The moral effect of such a re-enforcement of our armies, following such victories as Gettysburg, Vicksburg, and Port Hudson, will be the death blow of the rebellion. The volunteers who shall be mustered into the service from this State are designed to fill up the ranks of New Hampshire regiments which have already won immortal fame, and each recruit will be permitted to designate the corps which he wishes to enter. The General Government gives to each fresh recruit $302, to each veteran $402. In addition to those sums I do hereby (with the advice and consent of the Executive Council) offer a bounty of $100 to every man who volunteers in response to this call before the 5th day of January next, and I would recommend to the several cities and towns to take immediate measures for promptly raising their full quota by offering (in accordance with the law enacted July 9, 1862) reasonable town bounties to be paid in addition to the Governments and State bounties; or for the purpose of cashing the bounties offered by the General Government so that they shall by paid to each volunteer in full when he is mustered into service.

Let me remind the citizens of New Hampshire that if this call is not met before the 5th of January, 1864, a draft will then be ordered in this State to meet all deficiencies up to that date. The conscription act provides that the first class of those enrolled shall be exhausted before the second is called upon; and every member of the first class may consider himself as elected unless this call for volunteers is promptly met, and there is a strong probality that Congress, immediately on coming together, will from the conscription act the commutation clause and cause every able-bodied man who is drafted to be represented in the field.

It is very evident that some who have stayed at home and talked war must, under this call, report themselves for duty. It is evident that those who have deprecated and opposed the recent draft must now show their faith in volunteering by their works. Men of New Hampshire, we can meet this call upon us before the 1st of January, and, God helping us, we will do it. Women of New Hampshire, it is your duty to say to the husbands, brothers, sons, and friends whom your influence has hindered from responding to the calls of their country; " Go to the rescue or be accounted to your country and to God." Shall the Granite State, the State of Langdon and Stark, prove recreant in such a crisis as this? God forbid!

Given at the council chamber, at Concord, this 4th day of November, in the year of our Lord 1863, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-eighth.

JOSEPH A. GILLMORE,

Governor.

ALLEN TENNY,

Secretary of State.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 4, 1863.

His Excellency J. A. GILLMORE,

Governor of the State of New Hampshire, Concord, N. H.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 26th ultimo to the Honorable E. M. Stanton, Secretary of

