
War, and by him referred to this Bureau, asking certain questions relative to the raising of troops by volunteer enlistments, and other matters having an important bearing upon the same subject.

The present policy of the Department is to devote all its efforts to filling up the old organization and not to attempt the raising of new ones. Your application therefore, to raise a regiment of veteran infantry, a regiment of cavalry, and one or more batteries cannot be granted.

Fourth: Men enlisting may select andy organization whose term of service expires in 1864 or 1865.

You ask, fifth: "Is it the intention of the Government to draft upon the 5th day of January for any deficiency which may exist in the 5,336 men called for from our State by the present draft, or only for any deficiency which may exist in the 3,768 volunteers called for by the proclamation?"

In reply, I would state that all that can be said on this point is that it is now thought that if the call for volunteering is successful no draft will be made, and if a draft should be necessary from failure to raise volunteers, then the question of excess or deficiency will be considered.

You ask, sixth: " Am I authorized to apportion the quotas for the late draft and of the 300,000 volunteers, adopting the basis of the first class enrolled among the various towns in the various sub-districts, which apportionment will be regarded in making the next draft?"

In reply to this question I would state that the provost-marshal- general of the State will be directed to see that each town is made a sub-district, and quotas of the 300,000 volunteers may be assigned by you to towns.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

CONCORD, N. H., November 4, 1863.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

SIR: If to secure its quota under the last call of the President for 300,000 men the State of New Hampshire or the various town should pay in cash to each man mustered the amount of the bounty offered by the General Government, and take an assignment of his claim for a bounty, will the Government pay these bounties to the State or towns instead of to the men at the time and in the manner they are to be paid to the soldiers, respectively? If this can be done, we all concur that we can raise our full quota speedily. Answer by telegraph.

J. A. GILLMORE,

DANL. CLARK

CIRCULAR WAR DEPT., PROV. March GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 99. Washington, November 5, 1863.

I. Special agents, employed in accordance with paragraph 12 of the Regulations for the Government of the Provost-Marshal- General's Bureau, will not hereafter be paid the reward of $30 for the apprehension and delivery of deserters, unless they elect to relinquish their monthly pay, and receive in future only the reward.

