
The proposition will be entertained and the bounty paid to the State or to towns, as proposed by you, for every recruit raised under the present call and duly mustered into U. S. service and delivered at the general rendezvous.

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 5, 1863.

His Excellency J. A. GILMORE,

Governor of New Hampshire, Concord, N. H.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 3rd instant. The deficiency of New Hampshire upon the present draft was arrived at by deducting the number obtained up to October 17 from the quota, without reference to the 50 per cent, additional. The quota of the State under the present draft was 5,336, one-fifth of the number enrolled in class one.

The draft in the State was for 5,336, and 50 per cent. additional; that is to say, for 8,004.

From reports received up to October 17 it appeared that 1,777 had been obtained, including the number of drafted men held to service, together with substitutes and those who had paid commutation. Deducting this number (1,777) from the quota (5,336) the deficiency on the draft remained 3,559, which to the quota of the State under the President's proclamation, amounts to 7,715, the number set down in the letter assigning quotas.

This deficiency under the present draft (3,359) is subject to be reduced by all obtained since October 17. It has been reduced, as it appears from reports received up to the present date, to the extent of 576, leaving it, as reported to this date, 2,983, and will, of course, be still further reduced as the examination of drafted men progresses. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

These facts in reference to the present draft were merely given for your information and not as a change of deficiency against the State,

J. B. F.,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 359. Washington, November 6, 1863.

I. To carry out the provisions of paragraphs 8 and 9, General Orders, Numbers 191, current series, from this office, in reference to volunteers who may come within the limit for re-enlistment as veteran volunteers, as fixed by General Orders, No 305, current series, the following regulation are established:

MUSTERS OUT OF SERVICE.

1. The muster out or discharge of all men who may re-enlist, and their re-enlistment and consequent remustered, will be under the

