
Green by a road running parallel with the Telegraph road and leading to that place.

I then proceeded on to Beaver Dam, and found the road had been repaired ready for the passage of trains. I halted my command to ascertain something of the condition of the road above, about 3 miles, at a place called Greenbay's Crossing, and found that there was likewise but little injury done the road at that point, but deemed it important to have those roads guarded leading to Greenbay and Frederick's Hall so that the trains might pass uninterruptedly or be notified in time to prevent accident. I therefore sent Lieutenant Koiner, with 11 men, in charge of the post, and proceeded with the remainder of my command across Anderson's Bridge and down the road leading toward Fredericksburg in search of the enemy and information. I followed this road to a point where it intersected the Telegraph road at Dr. Flippo's house, when I came upon a party of 7 of the enemy, 6 of whom I captured after a sharp skirmish, wounding the seventh so severely that he had to be left at the doctor's house.

I here learned that the enemy were in pretty strong force down the Telegraph road about 3 miles. I then proceeded up this road in the direction of a cross-road leading to Bowling Green, but before reading that point was informed that the party guarding that toad had been run in by the enemy that evening, and that they were in considerable force upon the other road. I went on to the forks of the road, and finding no pickets, as I expected, I concluded the information I had received was correct, and that it would not be prudent or advisable to proceed farther with my small force, necessarily rendered so by guarding the roads above and made less effective in guarding this road and my rear. I therefore fell back across the river and encamped for the night.

In the morning, after feeding, Ii started down the road toward Captain McChesney's camp to ascertain what had become of his men and that his pickets had not been posted beyond Carmen Church, but that a scouting party had been down as far as Dr. Flippo's. I then sent a message to the party sent out by myself, notifying them of my position, with instructions to join me, and determined to take a scout in another direction. I sent Lieutenant Steward to guard the bridge at or near Beaver Dam, and started up to Island Ford, where I had intended crossing, but stopping to feed near the ford, and before the horses were done eating a courier arrived from Captain McChesney, stating that a regiment of the enemy's cavalry were approaching the ford by the Telegraph road. I immediately sent him back with a message to Captain McChesney to take his entire force and proceed to the river, and keep them in check until I could come to his aid should they attempt to cross. I started as quickly as possible to his aid, and met a second courier with information that they had crossed the river and were fighting. I hurried up to the point to find it in possession of the enemy and the entire camp in flames. I was considerably in advance of the column, and found that they had possession of all the roads and a force in the field above Anderson's house and to my left, in addition to a force on the road leading to my rear. Of their strength on this road I could learn nothing, and knew that I could be easily cut off if that force was sufficiently strong, so my only chance-as I was not sufficiently strong to fight through at this point; they, besides having a superior force, had also the advantage of position-was to move my command across the fields and through the timber, determined to force

