
a crossing on the road leading to my rear. Placing vedettes at commanding points to ascertain their strength, I soon gained the road to my rear and found they were falling back, and came up just as Colonel Martin had passed in pursuit.

In my opinion a small force at the river ought to keep in check a very superior one, but Captain McChesney afterward informed me to that he had, besides, very little ammunition.

The officers and men in my command all behaved with the utmost gallantry and coolness when in the presence of the enemy, ready, cheerfully, to obey any order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. LITCHFIELD,

Captain, Commanding Squadron.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,August 2, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded.

Captain Litchfield's conduct and that of this command is highly approved. He is an officer of line judgment, intelligence, and gallantry.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

JULY 22-24, 1862.- Reconnaissance to James City and Madison Court-House, Va.

Report of Brigadier General George D. Bayard, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Fairfax, Va., July 24, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the evening of the 22nd I left here with General Hatch, going as far as James City that night. The next day we pushed on to Madison Court-House, driving away some half a dozen picket men who were in the town . General Hatch left to execute his orders (of which I presume you are aware) about 1 o'clock in the afternoon. One battalion (Major Falls, Pennsylvania Cavalry) occupied the town during the night. Previous to leaving the town, however, I sent the Jersey cavalry on the Gordonsville pike some 7 miles, but they returned without seeing any of the enemy. Agreeably to General Hatch's order I this morning sent the Pennsylvania cavalry to take post in front of Slate Mills, orders to make reconnaissances below the Court-House, while I returned to this place with the Jersey cavalry this morning. I to-day ordered out all the available men of the Virginia cavalry on the Orange road, and gave them orders to drive in the enemy's pickets beyond the Rapidan, for the purpose of distracting his from General Hatch's movement on the left. They have not yet returned. General Crawford with his brigade came in to-day and he is now here in command.

General Jackson is at Louisiana Court-House; General Ewell at Gordonsville, with his advance at Liberty Mills.

