
The last I heard of General Hatch he was 12 miles from Madison. I will let you know as soon as I can about the men you ask for.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff.

JULY 23, 1862.- Skirmishes near Carmel Church, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Rufus King, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Colonel Judson Kilpatrick, Second New York Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Rufus King, U. S. Army.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

Fredericksburg, Va.,july 24, 1862 - 12 m.

The cavalry I sent out the Telegraph road Tuesday afternoon [22nd] returned at 11 o'clock last night, having successfully accomplished their work. They attacked and defeated two bodies of Confederate cavalry, 200 or 300 strong; burned one camp, and a quantity of corn, medicines, and other stores; broke up the telegraph line; chased the enemy to within a short distance of Hanover Junction, and brought in 3 prisoners, a number of horses, and sundry arms. We did not lose a man. The loss of the enemy was 31 killed and a dozen or more wounded. Our people behaved admirably.

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel SCHRIVER, Chief of Staff, Warrenton, Va.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Judson Kilpatrick, Second New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS HARRIS LIGHT CAVALRY,July 24, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your orders I left Fredericksburg at 4 p. m. of the 22nd, with detachments of the Harris Light Cavalry, Third Indiana, and Fourteenth Brooklyn, in all 390 men, crossed the Massaponax River at 8 p. m., and bivouacked 4 miles the ford and roads leading from Bowling Green and New Market. At 2 a. m. of the 23rd I commenced a rapid march for the rebel camp, supposed to be at Carmel Church. At daybreak I saw the church but no camp, the rebels having crossed the North Anna River a few days before. A woman informed me that a scouting party came daily at 7 a. m. to the church. I placed in ambush Captain Seymour

