
squadron of cavalry was to join me during the day. The remainder of the force moved on to a point 5 1/2 miles from Orange Court-House, which was not reached till 5 p. m., after a very hot and fatiguing march, which reduced one of the regiments to about 250 effective men. It was my intention to have pushed on the same evening to the Court-House, but it was already late, neither the regiments of infantry nor the squadron of cavalry had yet come up, and I was satisfied that the enemy's had discovered our advance. During the night our pickets were several times fired upon.

The next morning (26th) just after daylight the march toward the Court-House was resumed, the regiment in rear having joined during the night. At the cross-roads, 5 miles from the Court-house, I left the main body obstructing the roads to the right and left, and pushed forward with one regiment of infantry, the Rifles, two pieces of artillery, and the squadron of cavalry, somewhat reduced by detached pickets watching the roads coming in from the left in the direction of Gordonsville and Louisa Court-House. We soon encountered the enemy's mounted pickets, drove them in, and pushed on in pursuit. The country becoming more open, the cavalry showed itself in greater force. Skirmishers were thrown out behind the cavalry, and the advance pushed to within 1 1/2 miles of the Court-House, shots being occasionally exchanged between the two. Captain Lemon (Third Indiana Cavalry), whose management of his command, both in advancing and retreating, was admirable, reported that six companies of cavalry in all showed themselves. I saw only between two and three. Additional information in regard to the position and force of the enemy was picked up during this advance, confirming that received the night before - that Robertson was in the immediate vicinity of the Court-House, with two or three regiments of cavalry; Ewell, with a force of artillery, infantry, and cavalry, only 3 miles off, and Jackson's main body, said to be 30,000 strong, at or near Liberty Mills, 6 miles from the Court-House.

My instructions directed me to run no unnecessary risk in obtaining the information for which I was sent. I therefore proceeded no farther. The enemy's cavalry pursued us and made a dash at our rear guard, but was easily repulsed, with the loss of 1 prisoner, who was brought in, and reports 5 of his people wounded in the morning skirmish. We lost 1 horse.

I returned on the morning of the 27th. The Second Wisconsin and the Rifles (Second U. S. Sharpshooters) were conspicuous during the march for their well-filled ranks, losing very few men by straggling, although the weather was very warm and the marching on the way out rapid.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain R. CHANDLER, Asst. Adjt. General, King's Division.

JULY 24-26, 1862.- Scout in Wyoming County, W. Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan D. Hines, Twelfth Ohio Infantry.

CAMP FLAT TOP, July 28, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders I left camp at 4 a. m. July 24, with a detachment of 100 men, under command of Captain Liggett and Lieu-

