
tenant Tibbals, of the Twelfth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and marched into Wyoming County, where report said that rebel scouts were committing depredations on the Union citizens. We proceeded by the Flat Top Ridge to the Gulf Ridge, along and over it, crossing Gulf Fork of Guyandotte River to Tommy's Ridge, several miles along it and down its steep side to Devil's Fork; thence across Barke's, Peak's, and Milam's Ridges, and encamped on Barke's Fork, having, marched 26 miles. Took Squire Clendennen, a noted rebel, prisoner, and fired on his son, who escaped to the mountains.

July 25 we crossed Cager's Ridge to Tom Godfrey's, on Pinnacle Fork of Guyandotte. Here a Union company was organized, with Godfrey for captain, and about 30 members, which I doubt not will be entirely able to sustain themselves against any force likely to penetrate such a wild mountain country. They appear to be very determined. Left Godfrey's at 4 p. m. marched by way of Indian Ridge and Bear Ridge to Mr. White's, a bushwhacker, who fled on our approach. Encamped at his house for the night; 17 miles marched.

Left White's at 3 a. m. marched along Bear Ridge to Flat Top, and by that chain to camp, a distance of 31 miles. Whole distance marched, 74 miles in three days.

The roads throughout the whole of this region are mere trails and paths, nearly impassable for horses. The people live in miserable huts, and are mostly bushwhackers, and belong to the well-known company of R. B. Foley, called " Flat Top Copperheads;" none of them are now at home, having fled in all directions as our force approached. We learned that a small force of the enemy, to be under General Floyd, was in the vicinity of Abb's Valley, in Tazewell County, south of Flat Top.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. HINES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Outposts, &amp;c.

To Brigadier-General COX.

JULY 25, 1862.- Affair at Summerville, W. Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Lieutenant Colonel John C. Paxton, Second West Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 2.- Lieutenant Colonel Augustus H. Coleman, Eleventh Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John C. Paxton, Second West Virginia Cavalry.

GAULEY BRIDGE, July 25, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to forward to you the following statement from Lieutenant J. W. Miller, Company F, Ninth Virginia Volunteers, of the affairs at Summerville, W. Va., on the morning of July 25, 1862:

Companies A and F, under Lieutenant-Colonel Starr,of the Ninth, were stationed there and had charge of the post. This lieutenant had charge of Company F, Captain Chase being absent. He says about 4 o'clock a. m. he was awakened by a single shot from the picket at the guard-house. He at once got up, and hearing a noise in the street looked out of the window and saw the street full of rebel cavalry, dressed in gray

