
uniforms, yelling at the top of their voices. He then went downstairs and went out of the back window, and escaped across the fields to the woods. In about half an hour he returned, and found that the enemy had fired three houses, had taken all the officers and men, and returned by the same road (Sutton) they came. He found Dr. Hysell and 2 men (wounded), soldiers of the Ninth, at headquarters, also 3 well soldiers. He says there were about ten shots fired altogether, and that the outer picket were one-quarter of a mile from headquarters, on the Sutton road. They also had three other picket posts about the same distance from headquarters. The companies were quartered in houses. The 2 men wounded were on duty at headquarters. There were 3 men on each post. The picket on the Sutton road halted the enemy. They spurred on him. He fired on them, and, as he says, knocked one from his horse. The other 2 men ran without firing, and all 3 escaped. The other posts did not fire. Lieutenant Miller says he was not on duty. His company was quartered [at] Tavern House when the rebels came in, and he was quartered on the opposite side of the street from his company.

He further found on examination after his return that, in addition to the officers and men, the enemy had taken 10 horses, 8 mules, destroyed the wagons, and burned the corn stores. There was no ammunition there except about 20 rounds in each man's cartridge box, which of course was taken, with the Enfield rifles the men were armed with. None had any warning. Sergeant Sherman, of Company F, was acting officer of the day. He further says that Lieutenant Ewing, of Company A, came in yesterday evening from a 20 - mile scout on the Sutton road. he thinks there were about 200 of the enemy, under Major Bailey, and they told a citizen they had ridden two days and nights to effect what they had accomplished. They also said they would be back to-morrow.

All of which I have the honor to report.

J. C. PAXTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post of Gauley.

Brigadier General JACOB D. COX.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Augustus H. Coleman, Eleventh Ohio Infantry.

GAULEY, July 28, 1862.

SIR: I send you the following report of the affair at Summerville:

Lieutenant-Colonel Starr, commanding, was taken prisoner; also Captain Davis, First Lieutenant Stivers, and Second Lieutenant Ewing, of Company A. I do not yet know how many of the men were command have already arrived at this post. They were completely surprised and made no resistance whatever. The attacking party consisted of about 200 cavalry. They burned three houses, including the commissary storehouse; also one wagon, destroying a second wagon, capturing 8 mules and 12 horses. I will be able to give you full particulars to-morrow on the return of Major Curtis.

A. H. COLEMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain G. M. BASCOM, Assistant Adjutant-General.

