
Wounded, 10; missing, 40. Total, 50.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Commanding Seventh Regiment Virginia Cavalry.

Brigadier General B. H. ROBERTSON,

Commanding Cavalry of Valley District.

AUGUST 2-5, 1862.- Scout from Meadow Bluff to the Greenbier River, W. Va.

Report of Captain Israel Stough, Forty-fourth Ohio Infantry.

MEADOW BLUFF, August 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of a scout made by me, pursuant to an order issued at your headquarters:

I started with my command (the effectives of Companies F, G, and K), numbering 155, on the evening of the 2nd instant, for Greenbrier River, at a point nearly due south, where it was supposed a body of the enemy would take dinner on the 3rd. I reached the point in due time, but to my chagrin found it to be but an idle rumor. Not a single rebel was to be seen. However, By waiting a few hours, expecting some of their pickets to visit the place, I succeeded in capturing William B. Hensley and Charles McAllister, privates of Company E, Eight Virginia Rebel Cavalry. I then took up my line of march for a point 2 miles down the river, where I bivouacked for the night.

Early in the morning of the 4th I crossed the river one-half mile west of Hayne's Ferry, Ascended the mountain, and advanced cautiously, feeling my way toward the cast, in order to gain a position commanding the pike leading from Hayne's Ferry to Centerville, a point one-fourth mile from the river, but when within 600 yards of the position I saw a few of the enemy in ambush and immediately commanded a portion of Company G to fire upon them, which drew the fire of the enemy, who were concealed in considerable force upon my right flank and front. I had Company G form in line of battle and engage the enemy, while I should endeavor to flank them with Companies F and K, and at the same time a more favorable position. But the enemy being in greater force than myself, and having every advantage in position, they were enabled to move to the rear of my flank before they were discovered by my flanking party, the fact being reported to me by one of Company K, whom I had placed upon a bluff. i therefore deemed it prudent to withdraw my little force to a position some 600 yards to my rear, where I could have at least an equal advantage with my adversary. I was not attacked, however, and seeing the enemy re-enforced, and not meeting with the co-operation I expected, the care of my wounded prevented me from attacking them.

At first I thought of remaining in my position until night, that I might surprise them, but the want of water and rations compelled me to abandon my position and recross the river. The result of the skirmish on the side of the rebels was 5 killed and 2 prisoners, Augustus Gwinn, quartermaster of Thurman's band, and Garrett Taylor, who claimed not to belong to the Army, but is unquestionably a very bad man, giving all aid and information to the rebels he possibly can, and has been up to the time of his capture in Gwinn's employ, superintend

