
ing his (Gwinn's) farm. Our side, 2 wounded, Second Lieutenant A. N. Thomson in leg, and Benjamin Penny, a private in Company G, in arm; neither serious, however.

I arrested on the evening of same day Lanty Graham and his son, Joseph A. The old man is known to be a violent secessionist. I also brought in 3 of his horses, which have been handed over to the brigade quartermaster.

On the morning of the 5th took up my line of march for camp, where I arrived safely with my sick and wounded at sundown of the same day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. STOUGH,

Captain Company F, Forty-fourth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty.

Colonel GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Brigade.

AUGUST 2-8, 1862.- Operations about Wyoming Court-House, W. Va.

Reports of Colonel Edward Siber, Thirty-seventh Ohio Infantry.

RALEIGH, August 6, 1862.

SIR: I just received the report from Wyoming Court-House that the detachment at that place had been attached by some hundred rebel cavalry yesterday morning. Captain Messner has fallen back to Coal River, but he reports that 1 lieutenant and 18 men had been cut off and either been taken prisoners or cut to pieces. I march with two companies to join him, taking with me cavalry. Could there be done anything from Flat Top to intercept the retreat of the enemy?

E. SIBER,

Colonel.

G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WYOMING COURT-HOUSE,

August 9, 1862.

SIR: The rebel cavalry which made the sudden raid from Jeffersonville over Wyoming consisted of 140 horse, Captains Straton's and Witcher's, and retreated, after having been repulsed before they reached Logan (Horse-pen Creek), by the Federal forces there stationed, August 7, by Gilbert Creek and Big River to Jeffersonville. We were consequently not more able to reach them. I am still with five companies of the Thirty-seventh Regiment in Wyoming, sending the horses back to Raleigh.

Union men of this place are about to from a home guard, under command of Mr. Walker, which formation I shall protect, but shall leave as soon as this is done, if I receive not counter order.

Floyd is said to be at Jeffersonville with 1,500 men, awaiting more. It seems that he intends to invade this country. Have repaired the roads. A Union Home Guard just arrived here telling that the major who commanded the detachment of Fourth Virginia was killed in the

