
impossible for either horses or men to march fast or far. Only one man was hurt on our side.

I apprehend that the alarm of Gibbon's advance has spread to the rear, and that re-enforcements will be sent up to protect the railroad at Hanover Junction. I have directed General Gibbon, in such an event, to return to camp.

The other column, on the Spotsylvania Court-House road, had got out 22 miles without seeing any enemy. They hoped to reach to the railroad this morning.

General Hatch, with a supporting column, moved out about 12 miles last evening. He will fall back when Gibbon returns. I presume the whole force will be in camp again by to-morrow.

Two deserters came in from Gordonsville this morning. I transmit their statements.* They were both sick of the service and ready to take the oath. They reside near here, and were sworn and paroled.

General Reno and twelve of General Burnside's regiments are here. General Stevens, with seven more regiments, will be up to-day. General Burnside telegraphs that he will be here himself this afternoon. Captain McMahon's battery will be inspected to-day and the reports transmitted to headquarters.

Very respectfully,

RUFUS KING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding

Colonel SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff, Third Army Corps, Culpeper, Va.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General John Gibbon, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS GIBBON'S BRIGADE,Camp opposite Fredericksburg, Va., August 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that pursuant to General King's instructions I left here on the 5th instant with a force for the purpose of destroying the Virginia Central Railroad. Dividing the party I sent Colonel Cutler with his regiment (the Sixth Wisconsin), the Harris Cavalry, and a section of Gerrish's (New Hampshire) battery out on the Spotsylvania Court-House road while I proceeded out the Telegraph road with the Second and Seventh Wisconsin, the Nineteenth Indiana, and the Third Indiana Cavalry, and Monroe's (Rhode Island) battery.

At Thornburg, 15 miles from here, the cavalry in advance was fired upon with a 6-pounder gun and driven back by a cavalry force, whose advance was stopped by a few shots from our skirmishers and four or five shells from Monroe's guns. The day was intensely hot and many of the infantry completely prostate, so that I was unable to proceed farther in the afternoon, as I intended.

The next day the march was resumed, some 60 or 70 disabled men being left with General Hatch, who had come forward with the reserve. After marching 7 miles I received reliable information that General Stuart, with a larger force than my own, was moving up the Bowling Green road. All prospect of surprising the enemy at the railroad was

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

