
over, even could I have reached it that day, which the condition of the infantry and the intense heat rendered out of the question. The cavalry could not be depended upon for making the attempt alone. I therefore decided to return, first sending a part of the cavalry across to a road on our right to get in the rear of a party reported to be there by a cavalry picket I sent out on that road in the morning. I also sent a company of cavalry across to examine the Bowling Green road. Just before reaching our camp of the night before, the enemy's guns were heard in General Hatch's rear, and I pushed forward and reported to him for duty.

The next day I crossed to the Spotsylvania Court-House road protect, if necessary, the retreat of Colonel Cutler. The command returned to camp yesterday.

I refer to Colonel Cutler's report for information in regard to his part of the expedition, which was completely successful.

I cannot refer in too high terms to the conduct of Colonel Cutler. To his energy and good judgment, seconded as he was by his fine regiment, the success of the expedition is entirely due.

Fifty-nine men are missing from my brigade, most of whom are believed to have been captured by the enemy's cavalry while on their way into town in wagons. They were the men disabled by the first day's march, left behind by me, and sent back by General Hatch.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, King's Division.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Lysander Cutler, Sixth Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,Camp opposite Fredericksburg, Va., August 9, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to a verbal order received by me from General Gibbon on the evening of the 4th instant, instructing me to move with my regiment, the Harris Light Cavalry, and a section of artillery at 2 o'clock the next morning, and to endeavor to reach the railroad running from Richmond to Gordonsville and destroy the same, I moved from my camp at the time indicated by him. At Fredericksburg I was joined by a section of the First New Hampshire Artillery, under Lieutenant Edgell, and after marching out on the plank road about 5 miles was joined by eight companies of the Harris Light Cavalry, commanded by Colonel Davies. I then turned over the immediate command of my regiment to Lieutenant-Colonel Bragg, and took command of the force above named. I then moved forward to a cross-road leading to Spotsylvania Court-House, when I left the plank road and proceeded by what proved to be a very serpentine road to the Court-House, arriving there at 11 a. m., where I halted to rest, having marched about 19 miles. I remained until 5 o'clock p. m., when I moved forward 8 miles to Mount Pleasant, where I went into camp for the night, having miles from this camp.

Having been advised that the general would move on the Telegraph road with a considerable force, and that a reserve would follow me the

