
fatigue, but were all ready at any time to execute any order given.

The only murmurs I heard were those of disappointment at not meeting an enemy. I wish especially to notice Lieutenant-Colonel Kilpatrick and Major Davies, of the cavalry, and Major Dawes, of the Sixth Wisconsin, for the prompt and faithful manner in which they caused all my orders to be executed, and also for valuable suggestions which I received from them. We returned to camp without the loss of a man.

In conclusion, I wish to add that I twice sent to Colonel Sullivan to send forward forces to points which I thought should be held for my safety, and which he declined to send forward. I was therefore, when at the railroad, 30 miles from any support, with numerous roads coming in my rear from Beaver Dam, Lousia Court-House, Tolersville, and other points. Whether Colonel Sullivan was justifiable in withholding from me the support I asked for I am unable to say, as I do not know what his instructions were. I simply remark that another time I would not like to be caught with a reserve whose commanding officer refused to obey my orders.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. CUTLER,

Colonel Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain J. P. WOOD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Gibbon's Brigade.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded. I cannot account for the refusal of Colonel Sullivan to respond to Colonel Cutler's requisitions for support.

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain J. Albert Monroe, Battery D, First Rhode Island Light Artillery.
HDQRS. COMPANY D, FIRST RHODE ISLAND ARTILLERY,Camp opposite Fredericksburg, Va., August 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part my company took in the reconnaissance from this place of August 5, 6, and 7:

The battery left camp at 2 o'clock on the morning of the 5th, crossed the Rappahannock, and proceeded out upon the Telegraph road where it joined the brigade of General Gibbon, consisting of the Second and Seventh Wisconsin and Nineteenth Indiana Regiments of infantry, together with the Third Indiana Cavalry. The cavalry had the advance, followed by the Second Wisconsin, which immediately preceded the battery. At the village of Thornburg, 14 miles from Fredericksburg and 16 from camp, we came upon the enemy, who opened upon our advance guard with artillery and small-arms. Hearing the rapid firing in front, I halted the battery and immediately received an order to send forward one section, which order was executed by lieutenant Harkness, whom I accompanied, in order to learn the nature of the position

