
the enemy in that county. It will be gone probably two or three days yet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES, Chief of Staff, Army of Virginia.

No. 2. Report of Colonel E. Parker Scammon, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry, commanding First Provisional Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST PROVISIONAL BRIGADE,August 7, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report my return to Camp Jones. I reached Pack's Ferry, via Green Meadows, about dark yesterday. Before arriving at Jumping Branch I was met by courier with information that the enemy had fallen back. As the storm commenced about that time I ordered the Thirtieth to halt and seek shelter at Jumping Branch and to detain the artillery at the point on its arrival. I went to the headquarters of the Twenty-third Regiment, and after waiting there until the storm began to abate, rode on to the ferry, and remained there until 7 o'clock this morning.

I learn that the first notice that Major Comly had of the enemy's approach was from his own pickets. The enemy commenced firing at 5.45 o'clock a. m. The news sent from the Blue Stone Ford came while he was actually engaged with the enemy. Acting under orders formerly given, in case the enemy should appear in such force as to compel him to fall back, he withdrew his main force from their exposed position, leaving skirmishers to cover the party ordered to remove the ferry-boat from its exposed position. The boats was removed under fire. Some 30 to 40 shots were fired from the two rifled 10-pounders with which the enemy opened fire from a point above the camp and on the east side of the river. The enemy's infantry occupied the shore immediately opposite the camp, but were soon driven off. As soon as possible three companies were ordered up the river to a point opposite the position of the enemy's artillery, and immediately thereafter they began a hasty retreat. They moved off very rapidly. The enemy had 2 men shot, supposed killed, in view of the men engaged at the boat.

On my arrival at the ferry I found everything quiet, a few shot-holes in the tents, and the condition of the large ferry-boat being the only visible sings of the contest. It is expected that the ferry will be in running order again by this evening, by to-morrow at farthest. Three regiments of infantry, a considerable force of cavalry, and three rifled cannon made up the force which attempted and failed to break up the camp at Pack's Ferry.

I have ordered one rifled cannon to remain for the present at Major Comply's camp; the other two pieces of artillery and the Thirtieth Regiment to return to Camp Jones.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding First Provisional Brigade.

Captain G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

