
Report of Major General William W. Loring, C. S. Army, Commanding Department of Southwestern Virginia.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF SOUTHWESTERN VIRGINIA,Camp Narrows, Va., August 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 5th instant Colonel G. C. Wharton, with about 900 men and two guns, left Peterstown and proceeded to Pack's Ferry, which place they reached before sunrise on the morning of the 6th. The enemy, evidently ignorant of the approach of our forces, was encamped on the other side of New River, and we were enabled to plant the pieces and open upon them before he was apparently aware of our proximity. The fire was delivered with splendid effect, causing him to destroy his flat-boats and throw his supplies into the river and vacate his camp. We killed and wounded about 20 of the enemy, 1 of our men being slightly wounded.

News of the approach of the enemy from Alderson's Ferry, in the direction of Union, had rendered it necessary that Colonel Wharton's command should be ordered away from its position. These orders were received by him just as he had succeeded so far in his expedition as above reported.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable GEORGE W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

AUGUST 7, 1862.- Skirmish at Wolftown, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Joseph h. Spencer.
HEADQUARTERS, SIGNAL STATION,Thoroughfare Mountain, August 7, 1862 - a. m.

A skirmish is now going on about 4 miles south of the mountain. The enemy have artillery and are shelling our cavalry. Our side are falling back.

SPENCER.

Major-General BANKS.

AUGUST 8, 1862.- Skirmish near Slaughter's House, Va.

Reports of Brigadier General George D. Bayard, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Five miles from Culpeper, Va., August 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I will send you a report as to the questions asked me as soon as possible. I write this seated in a fence corner, and I have no means just now of answering.

9 R R - VOL XII, PT II

