
CEDAR MOUNTAIN,

August 11, 1862 - 7.50 a. m.

Matters remain as yesterday except that the enemy has retired about 2 miles from our front and now occupies strong position. The forces were maneuvering all day yesterday in sight of each other, skirmishing nearly all day. Our pickets now occupy the camp of the enemy which he occupied on Saturday. I am waiting the arrival of King, who will be here to-day, when I will advance upon the enemy.

The fight of Saturday was precipitated by Banks, who attacked instead of waiting, as I directed him, until the corps of Sigel was rested after its forced march. Both Banks and the enemy were severely punished, though owing to the straggling of Banks' command I cannot give you anything like a definite account of the loss. The enemy left many of his wounded on our hands and his dead unburied. I hope every moment to hear of King's arrival in the neighborhood, when I will push matters to a conclusion.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CEDAR MOUNTAIN,

August 13, 1862 - 5 p. m.

On Thursday morning the enemy crossed the Rapidan at Barnett's Ford in heavy force, and advanced strong on the road to Culpeper and Madison Court-House. I had established my whole force on the turnpike between Culpeper and Sperryville, ready to concentrate at either place as soon as the enemy's plans were developed. Early on Friday it became apparent that the move on Madison Court-House was merely a feint to detain the army corps of Sigel at Sperryville, and that the main attack of the enemy would be at Culpeper, to which place I had thrown forward part of Banks' and McDowell's corps.

Brigadier-General Bayard, with part of the cavalry of McDowell's corps, who was in advance near the Rapidan, fell slowly back, delaying and embarrassing the enemy's advance as far as possible and capturing some of his men.

The force of Banks and Sigel and one of the divisions of McDowell's corps were rapidly concentrated at Culpeper during Friday and Friday night, Banks' corps being pressed forward 5 miles south of Culpeper, with Ricketts' division of McDowell's corps 3 miles in his rear.

The corps of Sigel, which had marched all night, was halted in Culpeper to rest for a few hours. On Saturday the enemy advanced rapidly to Cedar Mountain, the sides of which they occupied in heavy force.

General Banks was instructed to take up his position on the ground occupied by Crawford's brigade, of his command, which had been thrown out the day previous to observe the enemy's movements. He was directed not to advance beyond that point, and if attacked by the enemy to defended his position and send back timely notice. It was my desire to have time to give the corps of Sigel all the rest possible after their forced march and to bring forward all the forces at my disposal. The artillery of the enemy was early in the afternoon, but he made no advance until nearly 5 o'clock, at which time a few skirmishers were thrown forward on each side under cover of the heavy woods in which his force was concealed. The enemy pushed forward in strong force in

