
Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Samuel H. Allen, First Maine Cavalry.

GENERAL: In compliance with orders from headquarters I have the honor to report the following part taken by my regiment in the action of Saturday, the 9th instant:

By your order the regiment was drawn up in line of battle at about 6 o'clock a. m., in the field, upon the left of the main road, just beyond a corn field, and facing very nearly the enemy's center, distant from 1 to 1 1/2 miles. About 11 o'clock, being charged by yourself with protecting the left of our advanced line, I changed the position of my regiment some 300 yards to the extreme left, posting a strong force as pickets still a mile farther to the left, and extending quite to the foot of the mountain.

In this position I remained until 4.30 o'clock, when a rebel battery, posted upon the northern slope of the mountain, commenced shelling us, and I retired about 150 yards, and again formed my line of battle.

About this time I discovered a force of rebel cavalry and infantry descending the mountain and moving along with the evident intention of turning our left. I placed a line of vedettes in that direction, and sent a force to scour the woods in the vicinity of the enemy and watch his movements. Again the batteries opened upon us from the mountain side, and I changed my position a little to avoid their shells, remaining there until about 9.30 o'clock, keeping a strong force of pickets and vedettes all along the left flank.

A force of rebel cavalry now came up, driving in our pickets, firing and charging upon a portion of Company F, Captain Boothby, wounding 2 men and killing 1 horse. I dispatched two squadrons to his assistance, and the enemy was driven back and held in check until a rebel battery, planted upon a slight knoll at the entrance to the wood, opened upon us at point-blank range, when ascertaining that our forces had all retired, and being entirely without support of artillery or infantry, and in easy range of the enemy's muskets at the edge of the woods, I fell back to the cover of the woods a short distance in rear, and remained until the following morning, with pickets covering our entire flank.

With much regard, I am, general, your obedient servant,

S. H. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Numbers 4. Report of Major Richard I. Falls, First Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BAT. FIRST PENNSYLVANIA RES. CAV.,In the Field, August 13, 1862.

SIR: According to your instructions I beg leave to offer the following report of a charge made by the First Battalion of your regiment, under my immediate command, at the battle of Cedar Mountain on the 9th instant:

At about 5 o'clock p. m. I was directed by Brigadier-General Bayard

